What are half these recipes tho
I love corn but I have braces and can’t eat corn on the cob I swear I will have elotes when I have my braces off
if you consider the cal of each of this foods you will understand that this is a terrorist attack not a food video
y la carnita asada? >:v
a great video... lets follow each other so that we can connected.
Not too bad, but leave this for the pit boys... haha
Okay i gotta admit that was a really cool apron and a grillers dream!!
Yeah, that beer chicken came out raw as hell. I had to finish it in the oven for another 40 minutes. We got our grill to stay at 400-425 degrees (we couldn't get it down to 350) and we even cooked it for 40 minutes...flip...add bbq sauce...and cooked for 30 more minutes instead of the 10-15 they suggested and it still came out raw as hell. This is the second time a buzzfeed recipe sucked balls. Never again, yall. lol
it’s amazing
The food looks delicious ????
Is it me, or does grilled corn taste bad?
But I don’t have a grill RIP
so coool!
Hai disonorato l italia la mia patria meriti di bruciare
That music makes me sleepy
So delicious ?? I like it
For a minute there with the pizza I thought it said check for boneless lmao
???
No cheese on apron? Am disappointed...
Lol the heaviest apron ever
why why would you put all that stuff on your corn w h y
that pizza looked like it came straight outta the sims
A DIY!?!? HUHHHHHHHH????????
Can you guys do one video without the stupid white side bars? I feel like I'm watching on my 2008 square PC monitor
the biggest mood is the chicken sitting on the grill I just feel it on so many levels
Well, in Sweden where I live it's forbidden to set up a fire (including grills) because of the lack of rain. So I guess I won't be able to do any of these. :(
I am ready.
Set the beer can in boiling water for a few mins before violating the chicken with it, then add them to the grill
5:19 Nigga it's called an elota
Use a blowtorch to finish off the pizza as well, then add the basil.
Blowtorch the inside of the burgerbowls, chill, then do what you just did
Is it me or does the pizza look like a pizza gummy?
i love tastys recipes so much
And I'm just here sitting like "I wish I could cook" ????????
Why am i watching this, and i dont even own a grill.
I LOVE IT??
I LOVE IT??
Why are white people making this? What's with the pork? All I see are racist Nazis who support Trump.
I just ate and this made me hungry again lol
tasy
if you are wearing that apron at a BBQ not only is the food being grilled but you best believe your friends are going to grill you on how dumb you look
i thought she would place the apron in the griller...lol
Ultimate summer grill starter pack
For the pizza I recommend looking for bones, we always want that uuuuuhhhhhh, BONELESS pizza
Grilling chicken with a beer can inside is actually dangerous to your health. You know that, right?
One thing I learned after years of watching tasty videos: Americans put bbq sauce everywhere and cinnamon in every pastries. ??
I loved the ultimate grilling apron
When you live in Sweden so the fire and grilling ban is currently in action..... ;-;
I know this seems weird, but my family here in the UAE only grill in winter because you will die if you go outdoors in summer, we only go out for watermarks mostly, and it is much much cooler in the winter.
Very tasty.. Thank you so much for cheering this wonderful video
IMO grilled corn doesn't need toppings. (Mayo? Ew.) The one with the honey and herbs is the only one that looked appealing.
Not to be negative or anything but you’re a little late summer ends in like a week.????
Could u make a vegetarian edition? I‘ve been struggling to find some good recipes.
Please do Buffalo wings and ribs that fall of the bone ??
Pizza from steven universe
Honestly, this video would be worth watching JUST for the grilled pizza. It blew my mind that you can do that!
fried fish next
Ok to bad whole Sweden is burning so we can’t grill here. I’m still watching this tho
Ok tasty with the hacks ????
Weber gas grill grates are upside down. Should be flat side up.
hmmmm that seems to be Elotes with that corn recipe there
SUMMER IS ABOUT RO BE OVER WTF TASTY YOUR TO LATE JESUS IM DISAPPOINTED IN U
Ah yes, my favorite drink. GRILLED LEMONADE
Im sorry, but why was it necessary to put cans in the koozie's to tape them down?
Who actually has a smoker?
do you get a kickback from the hospital medical bills?
Why do the rips look kinda undercooked
domesticgeek you're the best always coming up with the wonderful recipes. Great job once again. Happy Thursday God bless ?? bye. ??????????
1976 16 BRIAN. RAPP +16 MARTA. HERSH. WE. MAKE ALL. OUR. MEALS. DEL MAR 1734 OCEANFROUNT. !!!! #1 BBQ. HANACHI. COALS. #1 TEEBONE. STAKE 5. MINPER SIDE. 1976. canyonlocalfilmscom WITH SWEETSOUR.
Heart attacks on a plate
my fatass thought the charcoal at the beginning was some juicy ass tuna chunks
your thumbnail looks like an irishmans liver
Yummy!
Pabst? Really? Did Buzzfeed slash Tasty's budget, or does someone at Tasty just have bad taste in beer?
i was like this summer imma be a vegetarian and now im all like who tf am i kidding
please do a behind tasty for this
Yaamm??????????? ?????????????? ?????????????? ???????????? ?????????? ????????
U made it at 1am
This is food porn
I came here to dislike the video bcs of that "playdough pizza" on the thumbnail...
I’m too lazy to do this sorry Tasty.
STOP SCHOOL IS ALREADY HERE
Dont spray with just water. Use water/broth or apple cider vinegar and apple juice mix.
Too late for summer recipes tasty, I'm going back to school next week?? wish me luck
I don't grill...I'll just have one of of my friends conjure this for me :)
Yei way se la saben wueros ?????????????????????????????
Was the bacon for the burger cheddar bowl already cooked? Prior to going in the meat?
Glad watermelon was not included
IT'S MEAT PARTY TIME!
Omg! It’s the ultimate grilling apron 9000! It’s gonna kill us all!!
Pork ribs
I'm 37,805th!
You are all beautiful people so you should subscribe
The meat made me angry! It doesnt suppost to look red and uncooked... The ribs are waaay more tasty when they are falling off the bone ?? but everything looked delicious!
Why would you do that to corn?
Cool
229
So do you just decide willy-nilly whether you can be bothered to wear gloves when handling raw chicken?
In Sweden it isillegal to grill
A little late in the season for this video lol
How am I supposed to eat an apron?
Alright everyone, lets grill! =D
I want to make the grilled pizza but I don’t have the supplies so I just take a naan bread but sauce and mozzarella on it and microwave it for 2 minutes, it comes out pretty good
Grilled Pizza???
0:40 the music was so on beat to the ingredients
S U C C U L E N T
7:31 why did they hide the label??
Pizza, Needs more cheese
The pizza on the thumbnail looks like playdoh
Someone else who lives in Sweden and can't try these because of how hot it is rn and they've freaking banned grilling for the rest of the summer? Were are we going ughh. Hope they change their minds because it was raining a lot today.
Dave Seymour where are u
I know I’m not the only New Yorker watching this thinking how thick that pizza was and how nasty it would be for that reason.
No grilled corn with bukk ake?
They must’ve had a feast
WTF DID I JUST WATCH
Yummy ???? ??
Those looks so good but only down side is that i'm hungry now
Who else takes the whole butter stick and uses it to butter the corns instead of melting butter, its so satisfying to see he butter melt on contact with the hot corn.
Hello
Sitting here eating a fucking cucumber Fun.....
Omg??
Svp en arabe
Love the apron more than anything else.??
This looks so tasty
Hey tasty make some european cusine! You can make some hungarian,czech,german,polish,slovak,austrian,slovenian,and more recipes! I want to see more diversity ?. Thanks ????
961st like!!!!??? 8,946th view!!!??? SOOOOOOO EARLYYYYY?????????
Someone: IT'S GRILLING SEASON Me: Wait what?
Err, no mention of what that cut of meat was?
In Denmark it is illegal to fire up a grill??
That lemon drink 3/4 into the video is creativity to a new fucking level.
oh i love these.... only a month or so left, hope i get to try them all :D
R.I.P Chicken that got a beer shoved up his butt xD
Being from Central California, please don't ever disrespect a tri-tip like that ever again. Keep it simple.
7:30 blurs out porn drawn on can
Ok I wish this video was posted at the beginning of summer not the end ??????
Quick tip. Turn off sound before you notice the repetitive pattern
We are not allowed to grill here in Sweden :(
I'm hungry~~~
Looking good
Grilling recipes... Damn I M CUMMING ??
The hot dogs are the definition of unhealthy and diabetes
does anyone else want to pul a zach king and grab that food right out of the screen
i love grilled corn
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCmiuq0lOb8NW1uiH9UAnlYQ Please subscribe to this channel..
Yummy
9:22 John wick preparing to cook
Jokes on you, its forbidden to grill in Sweden!
Grilled honey chipotle wings... yessir
No video's the same Tasty killing the game Grilling pizza for fame My mouth salivates As the grill heats up in flames I wish I could Cook as amazingly good But these instructions for me cannot be understood I'm simply too helpless When in the kitchen Grilling a snack Gets me all flinching So I'll leave it to you To cook all the treaties While I eat away What my belly pleases Hopefully I won't turn fat Or get diabetes
The corn looked good.
Mmmmm food! ??????
I just watch because I am hungry ??
Shit Im late
“Fun Summer Grilling Recipes” 2 days and summer will be over Haha, okay.
The fuck my school’s just about to start.
Looks Yummy! :D
https://youtu.be/Zc5ymIWNiYI
Wow! nice , may be it was so testy ................
It’s raining in the UK. We had nonstop heat for a while tho. BUT STOP TEASING US AMERICA
This looks great ??????
WOW
In India we just rub lemon juice and black salt on the corn . It's a kind of a street food which is eaten during monsons
But you didnt cook the apron ..
It's probably just me but the pizza in the thumbnail looks like a playdough pizza.
I cant bare 2 watch
The only thing I don't like is grilled lemonade
Buzzfeed/Tasty?!?! Can I PRETTY PLEASE W/ SUGAR ON TOP have that ultimate grilling apron??????
Hope you guys start a "Thing" called...i dunno... TastyChefs Dont judge me ima bad namer ;^; i would join edit: :D
50th view
I love the pizza
Your a BIT late for that. Its noe back to school shoping season. >:€
Nothing better than watching people make food in an empty stomach.
Want to hear a joke? Read more
OoO
Summer almost over ;-; why would u post this now
Mmm delicious apron
Holo #simply
Super tasty
Do I really want grilled lemonade??
Y'all are about to hit 9 million with 10 on the way. Keep up the awesome work!
YOU HAVE TO TORCHER MEH?! Why world? P.S I don’t even know how to cook ;-;
Hi I am number 79
Have you guys tried FILIPINO STYLE BBQ? If you do give me a thumbs up ..
first chicken and second is everything else
What grade y’all going to if you’re in school??? I’m going to 12th!
Ribs are way better when theyre falling off the bone
oyah
#EarlySquad
Americans..
Great ??
Wow, that apron is fully loaded.
??????? ? ?????? ?? ? ????? ?????
This looks good af????
earky'
50 veiws 150 likes and 67 comments i hope justin Y isnt here
42th
Why are the likes always more than views? I mean 50 views 95 likes wtf?
Why the cover looked like a play dough pizza? (Not to be rude or anything)
Early squad aka I am 56
It’s funny how people say first when they aren’t really first
I’m going to definitely be using some of these recipes... I need to get some gloves does anyone else use gloves??? This is giving me so much inspiration for my channel!!!
Who loves food . Me ?????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????
Bacon, jalapeno cheddar jucy Lucy? Yes please... ????
Yum Yum
#notificationsquad ??????
Eat healthy
50
P E N I S
No no am like first
"are you ready" Heck yeah I am ??
72 likes.....50 views n i c e
Number one ????????
I wish I could just take it out of the screen! I dont have the talent to make all that ?????? or time
So good
Yummy!!
50!
Ok anyone notice that weird spiral handle that grill had?
Some people didnt even watch it yet....NVM Looks
24
Yasss ??
Tasty reply plz
Came here before justin y????
??
I got a 15 second, unskippable add, send help
First
59 seconds ago
Nice videos
Hi people who watch people grill things
This is one of the reasons why I love summer so much! The season of grilling!
Looks like I better crank out my grill this week!!!!!! ??????
Not first
Hi
3erd
#HereBeforeJustinYSquad
First time seeing 0 unlikes
Hi everyone
First! Haha before justin. Y! OKURRRT!
#notnotificationsquad
14th
If only I wasn’t lazy??
Early squad!
Can you pin me or heart this comment
Early
firssttttt!!!!!
Olololo
1 ??????
5 th
hi
I love this ????
I might do that with my family
first
Fun!
#notificatiobsquad
1