How does this channel have less than 1k subs!? I really liked the feel of the video. Very helpful as well, as today I am potentially not burning wings today!
sad life, you probably don't even eat the chicken correctly?
You shouldn't cut the tips off, or all the moisture inside the main part of the wing escapes
I'm a stickler for a clean grill & chemical free burn.
You use lighter fluid fuck that it ruins the flavor
Hi, I save the tips of the wing and later cook them for when I need chicken broth. ??????
S
I don't care how you cook it or how you cut it. Just give me some wings!!
Wow, clean that grill once in a while, buddy! It looks gross from close range.
The neck, the feet and the inners are not yuck at all, mister. Feet, neck, liver, heart and gizzard we would fight for as kids when my mom used to make chicken soup. You guys just need to through away some preconceived notions if you want to be taken seriously as a real meat lover.
Wooow!!! Thank you very much for teaching us some tips for cooking in the bbq????????????????????looking delicious. Appreciate it!!????????
So wasteful throwing the tip. The skin and fat is so tasty on the tip. And there is meat. Awful awful waste
You are the grand champ ????
Underappreciated channel, thanks for the tips!
Clean your grill, man. Start ever just with clean grill.
Do you sell those shirts
What I did was flatten my charcoal right before the very top layer greyd, and it created a perfect temperature so that the wings wouldn’t burn
You lost me at cutting the wing tip! That’s my favorite part actually,and you can definitely eat all the crunchy skin on the little bones. Amazing! Try it
I guess it's a case of "one man's meat is another man's poison" but there's some serious abuse of the word inedible here. Many countries in South-East Asia enjoy and offer "Chicken knuckles" Deep fried and spiced chicken cartilage and skin as a bar snack. Having said that I really like and appreciate the tutorial. Subbed.
Quite frankly, if this is your method of trimming, you're doing it really dumb. Don't buy the full wing, just buy the precut wingettes. Nothing wrong with that if that's what you like (and the wingette probably is the best part of the wing anyway).
OK, so I'm very much opposed to cutting the wing tip...but I can tolerate that...but why are you cutting off that delicious excess skin on the wingette? p.s. "Get rid of the wing tip because we can't eat it, so why cook it?" Uhh, that little bit of skin on the wing tip is fucking delicious...you absolutely can eat it (no, not the whole thing, but that tip is my favorite piece to get what I can from).
You see all this meat on the chicken wing? You can’t eat it, so lets get rid of it!
So what’s that like 30 minutes on each side?
Your wrong !!!!!! Look up the keel!!!!
don't give lecture ,u stupid,just come to the point
What. no money shot? And dude, that grill is looking kind of disgusting, you should take more pride in your tools. Can't really comment about how the wings turned out since we didn't get a look at them. But an hour? Seriously?
Did he just say the best part if the wing is "inedible"???!!! ??????
Couldn't make it past two minutes need to stick to the oven Ol buddy
Michelob Ultra isn’t real beer, but the wings look good...
U need to do a weekly live summer show, where people can grill along with You while we crush a few bottles of suds.
Foolish white man... the wing tip is NOT inedible... I'm thinking about stopping the video now. Lol
Lighter fluid? Wtf
Great video, love the channel. I personally like to leave them whole, the tip makes for a crunchy treat if you put the work in. They are the lobster legs of chicken wings, not much meat but what’s there is worth chewing for!
Sorry dude, didn't work for me. Charcoal lighter fluid? FIRST big mistake, who even uses that anymore? Secondly, an hour for wings? NO WAY were those wings not completely dried out and over cooked.
Great video but an AWESOME backyard view! New subscriber now and thank you for posting!
I see the chicken in the logo!! I cook on a Weber and have a thermometer that I put in there. What temp should I have it at? Thanks in advance!
Not sure if I agree with your assertion that wrong tips are inedible. Lots of tasty weird stuff in there. Also, skin tastes delicious: no need to cut those wing flaps. Just challenging you to be a little more adventurous I guess.
i dont like you for some reason
The wing tip is not inedible!
I've never tried cooking the wings like this but they turned out SO GOOD!  My kids couldn't get enough and barely left any for me, lol!  I thought the JoJo rub was a great addition to the wings and YES, they were really crispy....thx for the vid!!!
Holy cow...er chicken! I tried the rub and the technique and I don’t think I want to make them any other way! I was totally skeptic that it would mimic frying but it was spot on. For a little extra crispiness I finished them over the hot coals and I was in wing heaven! Thank you very much for this video! ??
Dude chicken Gizzards Hearts & livers are great! wtfyta?
That little cape is good crust. Good video though.
a close up on the wings after its cooked would be nice
Thanks for the tips. Trying it right now. You’ll hear back from me if it doesn’t work out....lol
Wing tips are delicious!
I have a tiny (as in I bring to beach and tailgates) Weber kettle that I use often. But also cook wings on my Weber gas grill. When I cook them on the gas grill, I put all three zones on high. I fill up a little metal box with hickory wood chips and place on the back burner. After 5 to 10 minutes the chips start barely smoking, I then turn the front 2 burners on low/med-low. I let those cool while the chips get really smoking, 10 minutes or so. I then cook my wings on the front 2 zones. They come out great...
Trying this technique today.
Get ride of that little 'cape'? WTF dude? That is blasphemy!
I love wings cooked slow on the grill... also drinking beer while I wait! lol Great Video... new Sub!
Great logo
Actually normally I fry mine first... Then sauce and grill... I'm in the dirty South of Louisiana now though lol.. But yeah we buffalonians know our wings
All those little nubs and flaps.. Have the best flavors when they crisped up..jeez.. Breaks my heart to see the best parts cut out.. I'm born and raised in Buffalo... So I'm pretty up on the wings lol
Just in time for tomorrows SB party. Thanks I subscribed to your channel (gotta keep youtube happy) please return the flavor. (sorry for the pun) BTW, get a chimney and lose the Lighter Fluid
saying yuck to chicken feet and throwing away all that just made me not wanna watch... u dnt deserve tht tshirt
Lighter fluid? Really? Dude... you're better than that! Food looks great though!
Nice video ! Looks delicious
@2:50 he does a sassy move so naturally
amateur. lighter fluid, rub put on chicken unevenly, charcoal not ashed over and placed in the middle.
dudes got an youtube channel but has a busted ass grill without a thermometer.
They were not crispy.
Buddy, never use lighter fluid on your charcoal. Do you want your meat to taste like kerosene?
noooo you keep them whole dont cut off the wingtip, it adds character when they are seved, and the very end tip is so crispy and nice
Looked good. Would've tasted better (to me) without the lighter fluid. Personal preference. Looking forward to my first cook on my new Weber Performer deluxe this weekend. Happy Labor Day!
Its the flat, not the drumett?
Great video... you should change your intro to be in color
toss a block of hickory on those coals for some smoke flavor and this is a perfect technique.
Im using gas grill (char grill tru infrared) what temp and time should i be cooking this bad boys? thanks for your time!
a strong thumbs up, and the wings were good... but not quite a replacement for fried... similar with baked wings, slow cooked, etc... the best i've had/made is hot fat fry... i will continue to practice with the techniques you shared, and grilling has some obvious benefits... my critique is that grilling is too dry- and i equally critique fried wings that are greasy... i've tried your technique with your blend, straight s&p, lemon pepper, bbq sauce glaze, frank's glaze, a little more time, a little less time... pre-baking or slow cooker + grill comes to my mind as a middle ground solution... too much dry heat and a long time on the grill leaves the skin dry, not crispy
Cant eat the wing tip? Wtf? Dude...that the best part of the wing. Foh...
Great technique you used i actually do the same thing but i wished you would have used another set of tongs to flip your chicken after the first usage because there is still bacteria on them. Maybe you did but i think it's important to do so or talk about it because there are a lot of inexperienced grillers out there and they need to know about how to deal with chicken because they do carry plenty of bacteria. But other than that great job!
... he didn't test them to PROVE that they are crispy.
Yumm!! God Bless!! :D
Dude.... Save all that stuff you are cutting off..... it is edible.
Good video. Like the JoJo rub too
"...for you..the people" (LOL)
Why are you cutting off so much? You are losing from the beginning! Just butcher a WOG!!
seems trustworthy with the use of lighter fluid....