You know bout THAT!!!
Fires up his doobie man you smell that ?? smells gooood. We're gonna be eating good tonight Martha. ????
I am a 54 year old black woman in Lexington Mo. And I need you to know that this is food porn!!!and the narrator's voice is heaven!!!!
Works better with precooked bacon
I have thought about putting chorizo inside the peppers.
finally someone using real cheese no of that cream shit stuff..??????????
Gonna Smoke Me a Fatty!!!
Through the miracle of time,, I got in the way back machine and damned if this channel wasn't as good then as it is now! Carry on !
Thanks Merle Haggard!
Know this is an old video, but it is always "goood ". Happy new year!
The "white meat" is called the placenta.
OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
WTF! THERE IS NO WHITE MEAT IN JALEPENOS......YOU ALSO PUT THE JALEPENO POPERS ON THE WRONG SIDE
THERE IS NO WHITE MEAT IN JALEPENOS
Smoke a fucken joint dogg!!!
'white meat' u mean the 'core'???
thanks for the recipe sir, I will attempt to make these this month.
it looks really good!! not of that betty crocker stuff... ( lol.)
Yo can tell these guys are a bunch of drunks and without youtube they would stay drunk
I really appreciated the " no cream cheese" remark. you got me there. I think I'm going to incorporate chorizo in the filling . thanks for the idea!
the cream cheese is the best
Realized this is when you switched from barbecue Web
Part of this video with your voice and that music reminded me of the outlaws prayer by Johnny Paycheck
I have learnt something I thought it was the seeds that was the heat thank you so much when you say sharp cheese does that mean a strong cheese here in the UK will try these love them
Damn good eatin'
Poppers are my favorite thing about Alabama haha
been wanting to try my own concoction of jalepenos, cream cheese and uncooked salmon wrapped in bacon, and today was that day. for as long as it took (almost 2 hours in the oven, at 400 degrees--might have been shorter had i flipped the suckers over sooner!--had assumed that they would fully cook on both sides--oops), i was pretty shocked that the salmon showed no trace of having dried out. was very hesitant about this recipe, as i could not find any other that used anything but smoked salmon. i have to give myself an a+ on the results, which i would only do if the food was magnificent. my three tips: flip the poppers over when the bacon looks cooked on one side (otherwise, time and energy are being wasted), make sure to give the jalepenos plenty of time to thoroughly cook, plus let the poppers cool down in the fridge completely, then heat them back up before eating, as they were very disappointing straight out of the oven. man, what an awesome recipe! could easily be done on the grill, but i was in no mood to cook outside in the middle of the day as i had steaks to grill up later on.
yep yep looks good I think I try they with my smoked ribs tonight I just got a mess of jalapeños this week so it's on thanks.
I hate cream cheese. Thank you for this recipe!! The only change I would make is to burn the bacon a bit more to make it crispy.
Makes left-over pizza look like shit.
Érdekes számomra !!! Gusztusos ! Köszönöm...
I would like these but would want a good cold beer before eating them
Tried this and stuck the dull end of the spoon thru my wife and stepped on the cat then fell into the boss who was waiting with a plate...so much for the promotion.  He in turn toppled over into the pool where the children were playing and this caused the littlest one to cry.  The next door neighbor jumped out of his chair trying to help the child and tripped over the family dog......I forgot were I was going with this story as I got drunk when I was BBQing
Really 9 mins for this!!! STOP taking so we can start eating already LOL
This is the only recipe I've found that doesn't use cream cheese! Looks fantastic
I wear latex exam gloves when i make these.  I learned the hard way that the oil from the peppers linger and may linger on the hand and find its way into, well.....places guys scratch
FYI, the "white meat" is the placenta.
"None of that cream cheese here. That's Betty Crocker stuff." I love that!
Tasty. I need to try the grilled version, what do you think of my recipe?
Taste 100x better with Carolina Reaper Peppers.
ok man this sounded a bit fucked up...lol
mouth watering right now. this is tonights dinners ty for sharing
Do you have a video on what kind of pit you're using?
why you guys cook a lot of bacon can you try beef or chicken....because i can't eat bacon
Im always looking for hot new jalapeno recipes im sure ill be giving this one a try.Thanks partner....
I want to grow pepper that hot but not as  hot as jalapeno ?
I like the adding back of the "white meat" capsaicin gland. Genius! Never did that part before
bacon wasn't done nor crisp....but,  i still love these guys.....
I am from San Diego originally  so I know peppers well...but now I live in the Philippines...we can get Jalapenos (which are med hot and dissipate the heat on the tongue rather quickly) the Jalapeno variety here are long and thin...not good for stuffing...so when I find the right pepper I will post it here...we can get chili relleno here on some local Mexican restaurants (which are mostly a joke) ...not nearly as good as this looks or as made at home
hala-peeener
I'm going to try these for the Super Bowl tomorrow. I'm going to add prosciutto and mozzarella cheese to change up the recipe.
I love the idea and the recipe.  The announcer's voice is great too!  The video is too slow and needs more editing though.  I almost fell asleep at the 4 minute mark. ;-)  Work on the script to speed up and get to the details.  Again, great information though!
Theyre way vetter with pineapple chunks in the cream cheese!
Def making these poppers as appetizers during the holidays.. Looks divine!
gonna try those next time ;-) looks guuud (y)
Sounds a tad like Vegemite in human form. Gastly yeast paste. Shiver. Lets pretend those are halloween monsters.
we call 'em Vegematics. They're politically motivated, veggie killers..!
Who the hell can dislike this? Some hardcore veganists maybe? Maybe I should become a humanist.
Just slice the edge of that jalapeñis so we can get in there........... No thanks.
I like his voice .... He sounds like he could sell anything,
my comment was about meat that isn't pork but I personally love chorizo.
35 still live at mommies house!
Go ahead get that white meat, ohh yeahhhh, that white meat baby. WHITE MEAT LOL
Mr teen Titan do you even realize where you are? Lid holder???? We hang lids on out rifles around here pal.
shrimp..? Sounds guuud..! -BBQ Pit Boys
yummmmmmmmmmmmmm
Love you guys channel
This guy can cook anything. I love it! :)
on this model for sure. We don't use it because it restricts full access to the grate and vid cameras.
This is a good video. I was just wondering if you know that your grill has a lid holder on the side of the dome. A lot of people put their lids on the ground but every Weber at least has a hook to hold the lid up. I just wanted to let you know if you didn't already.
Will try this in the summer
too funny
I normaly half mine, then stuff em with a pastry bag strip of cream cheese, then some chopped low & slow smoked bacon & chedder. Do em indirrect & they're awesome. I recently found a catch of 3 inch plus pppers and yeah I shelled out for a grill stand, it'll be like a chapaign glass of flavor & pain :)
Jalapeno peppers.. call the fire department ;)
doin some tonight for dinner along side some t-bones and sirloins for the family. i may wanna go take the white meat out of the jalapenos cuz i only took the seeds out of them when i prepped them and my grandmother might have a heart attack from the heat.
enjoyed it brother, that is next on the agenda... good video. Wait a minute .... are your Wolf Man Jack.... really enjoyed the vide.
mmm
That's nice Brother... Excellent! Definitely gonna make me some just like that :).
Wow!! Thats Good!
I made this last night. Very good! Romano cheese makes all the difference! Lots of heat! Thanks!
the best
time to go to jack in the box, for some what may call, a "jalapeno popper"
The background blues music....The narrating....The food.....The bacon...The "MaaaaaaaaaAAAAN"....The presentation...And the mmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmMMMMMMMMMHHHHHHHHHH maaaaaaAAAAN at the end..............................MAaan.....
Man that looks so good I can smell from here!!
Its best to cook them on the spot. You'll get the crunch of the pepper and the crisp of the bacon. reheating only makes the pepper and bacon become soft
I WANT JALAPENO POPPERS NAO!!!
I think the dislikes are because of the shit kickin audio......pretty stupid....the video and the recipe are great though.......really...stupid audio....
What's with the dislikes? Well produced good chow and easy recipie. I would rather drink an old Milwaukee with the crew than meet a movie star totally genuine guys.
drooling
I made these, added a bit of cilantro (because it was sitting there), garlic powder and salt/pepper and I used a whole slice of bacon but it was so thin that I needed it. Absolutely wonderful.
Looks great! It's hard to get that darn cream cheese in them-I like that real cheese! Now all you need is an ice cold beer!
Are those poppers something you could cook up in advance and then reheat on a gas grill later?
Are you hungry or? what?
I can eat about 10 of these at once. love them.
All I hear is "hella penis". Goddammit.
Nice, I usually fill my poppers with smoked string cheese. Wrapped in bacon, then wipe some BBQ sauce on them. That's how we do it in Wisconsin son.
@MetalEdge56 Actually, capsaicin is the chemical (which is an irritant to animals) found in peppers that create the burning sensation in your mouth. The white meat is generally referred to as the "membrane".
btw that white meat in jalapenos are called capsaicin
I was chewing gum and accidentally swallowed it cause i imagined i was eating this... >:(
what is the vent set to on the bottom?
lmfao @ that knife. you act manly:)
can rub some pancake or a little maple syrup on bacon slices--seems to serve same purpose as a toothpick adhering bacon to jalapenos. Just a little or will burn even on indirect. And while I love cheese cake, any sharp cheese is MUCH better for these. Thanks again, Pit Boys!
Where exactly is the house of sausage?
I don't think the heats in the white meat, usually that's the mildest part.
@phychmasher lol! Good call!
4:52. THAT'S WHAT SHE SAID!
Thank you. I HATE cream cheese!!
I sell my soul, if I could just reach out into the screen and grab that plate right now!!!
I just got my 1st big ole grill & having the time of my life grillin anything that in my way! When I fire her up, the dogs go runnin & hide! lol. Can't wait to start doin the chile grillin thing! Great video bro!
The "brothers" looking; "White meat, where?"
Man you guys rock, BEST grilling vids on the web!!! Don't stop!!!
Right at 1:30 "white meat is where all the heat is". Oops, I have been throwing away all the insides and wondered why mine weren't so spicy. So tonight I included a bit of the white meat and cheese to stuff ... yowsa that's hot stuff!
HALLUHPEENYUSSES!
1:08 jalapenis.
love me some halluhpeenyus
man we made some last night!!!!!! and man i tell u what im fixing to make some more today!!!!!!
Just made some with a cheese mix, minced onion and jalapeno wrapped with turkey bacon. I didn't include the core into the stuffing. Awesome!
Am hungry already!!!
@daveh013 same gonna get this made...i got the ingredients today so tommorrow it's gonna be fun :D
Looks geuuuuud. Thanks guys.
@aqureshi7 to farr my friend wew
Where is your Henry rifle? ;-D
@insanepiggy It seems to have last been polished up sometime around the American Civil War...
@rohandyy Come on down to the USA
wow how we can get this ingredient in indonesia??
@insanepiggy Just google "old hickory" knives
I love how you taste test every one of your dishes. Makes my mouth water...
!Let me... MMMMMMMM!" Even no apology this time ;D
I just got the hungries dun flung upon me!
looooooool funny and nice
Forget other countries, The United States has the best food anywhere.
oh man i am so hungry!!!!!!
@DavisKoziol some other fatty meat should do, possibly lamb, or possibly fatty beef sliced thin (with the fat and maybe some salt) should suit you requirements.
@jarenko Nothing he obviously prefers cheese with flavor. cream cheese has texture but its only flavor is slightly salty.
@salvamg89 Think he fix things with it? lol
mmmmm MMMM ill eat these bad boys when ever i wont screw my health hahah jk
@insanepiggy its a Old Hickory 10"? carbon steel butchers knife
i bet when this guy has letters in his mailbox, he open them with his machete
done the chilli, now i'm off to do this. looks amazing!
"None of that cream cheese, here we use real cheese." Hell yeah.
hellapinias
I prefer cream cheese
good video, good naration, and good eats
is this the dude from the Burger King commercial?
AKA Atomic Buffalo Turds. I made these for Super Bowl. Everybody who was brave enough to eat 'em loved 'em.
AWESOME video, you guys make grilling look so easy.
"MAN!"
lol BBQ pit boys cream cheese is wimpy!
that looks bloody lovely
too much work just eat the Jalapeno and be done with it. I agree with the voice comment you could be a narrator. Ok they do look good. You win my mouth is watering.
wow im impressed
Thanks for the awesome recipe! I love the twist by wrapping in bacon - so great!!
about to make this one :D
@slipmuc u tellin me im a wuss.... i was just trying to help people but u go ahead and keep burning yourself... as for the rest of us we like having safety ^^
I like the way he talks ! simply awesome recipe.
Goooooooooood.
too bad im allergic to to hot peppers U.U
hahahahahaha i know this guy is nuts
olololol
@leelovealiza oh come on... whuss... did that by mistake, ain't plesent but no worries.... thoug dealin' with habaneros or such can be dangerous...
Had to come back to this vid to 5 star and fav. Made these and they are goood!
He didn't mention that you should wear some cooking gloves when dealing with peppers. Cause you could seriously burn your hands if you got cuts, burn your eyes if you rub it or when you go use the bathroom. You know what I mean....LOL
thes are awsome fof every night!
These are awesome for game nights. :)
you smell that, smells good mmmmmmmmmmmmmhm
once again guys another hit. KEEP UP THE GUUD WORK
I made these and they are so good,thanks for the tips!!!
Yummmmmm!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
he should do voiceovers for movies. man that smells guuuuuuud.
12? Not even close. On your bell - bird scale a good fresh jalapeno might make it up to a 2. The Thai chiles have a Scoville rating 10 - 20 times higher than jalapenos.
i like how you sound...its so sexy
made these for breakfast and took some to my neighbors. we all loved em. just watchin ya make em made me hungry already.
"Your should spelled".........And You Say HE is a FAIL????...Fuckin' loser!
looks very good... and im hungry already...
Wow! I was thinking about jalapeno poppers that are breaded, but that bacon looks WAAAAY more delicious on them jalapenos! 5*'s BBQ pit boys!
"Your talking about a Liquid here." Your should spelled "You're" and liquid shouldn't have a capitalized "L". FAIL.
man...that looks guuh
bomb.
oooooooooooh man! i love you dudes!
its the same knif in all the video's?? lol man get a new one :)
Gracias Sean por tu clase de inglés. Y a los BBQ PIT BOYS, you guys RULES!
hey triunp, we used Romano but choose what you like! -BBQ Pit Boys
in what language?
hey MR. can u adopt me? I can wash the dishes as long as u cook for me. Lol
I've made them with the cream cheese and love them, just like this...this looks so good on the grill
i would no neighbors will get anything of that plate, only the sausage with the tooth picks lol
LMFAO
Do you leave the seeds in the bowl for the mix??Thnx in advance.
You make me want to give up being a vegan. Thank God I can adapt most of this to tofu (I live in China, don't ask). But thanks and keep up the awesome work!
i LOVE your catchfrase... can you smell that,,, it smells GOOODD... that makes mee sooo hungryy one question can u eat all of that alone?
No cream cheese here, thats a Betty Crocker thing HAHA your the best pitboys
I'm not a Jalapeno fan, but this video made me crave some!
mmmm, looks good! gonna try these with capsicums too for the kids! yet another great vid bbq pit boys!
I assumed that the bacon would have stuck to the grill more but, I guess not. Love your videos man !
:/ just your average Joe sixipack
wow, another great recipe! I have one similar: banana peppers stuffed w/ chorizo n chihuahua cheese wrapped in bacon. Thx bbqPitBoys for posting one great recipe after another. I've really learned a ton watching your show. I applaud your effort and can't thank you guys enough! Keep up the awesome work! --'que'in in Chicago-- GO BEARS!!!
slurp! i agree with the wimpy cream cheese XD
Never mind the boys ! The gurls can do this tooooooo!!!! Lip smacking !
can i hire u to cater my family reunion? lol
now that´s my kind of snack :P thx for the vid BBQ pit boys ^^
great job....thank you sir
I tried these last night along with some grilled burgers. Great stuff! I'm going to leave more of the Jalapeno pepper white meat in them next time. Can't go wrong with all that heat! Thanks for the inspiration!
My mouth is watering! Thanks for the recipe.
thanks for this great recipe. I love them charcoal weber grills !
"UHHHHHHHH-HMMMMM......Mannn!" (8:49)
well i wasn't trying to be sarcastic this dude just cam out of no where and was talking about steel and stuff like if know about steel
how ??? just because i think his knife looks nasty ???
Very nice! KtC
daaaaaaaaaaaam my mouth was watering and i couldn't even smell it or taste it.
uuuM ok
old hickory carbon steel....nuf said, boy!
really how is that a good knife
That's a good knife.
i'm not a chef but that knife looks really old and nasty
heat rating 12
Am not familiar with jalapeños... If bell peppers have a heat rating of 1 & Thai bird chillies are 10, how hot are jalapeños?
thats such a better way to cut the jalapeno, i was just cutting them in half...this way seems alot easier
no i cant smell that but i wish i can...and eat it too.
I have a question Mister BBQ, well you seen to know alot of recipes on the grill but i was wondering if it exist of course a breakfast recipe on the coals? Beside eggs and bacon in a pan, i can't see other stuffs than that.
well people that tend to be either gay or jewish do so .............
Now I know what to do with the bumper crop of jalapenos in our garden. Why are you not fat as a house anyway? LOL. We want a turkey vid!
feelin' real bad for ya, ganoosh, but that's OK! Ya gotta do what ya gotta do -BBQ Pit Boys
oh! this is a very good idea! that looks really good! Thanks BBQ Pit Boys :-)
Buenos dias. I have actually made these bad boys. They will get ya!! HAHA
i wold not eat that just give me thows dogs and i`l be fine