Thanks ??
Thumb in middle is pussyboy way
4:41 “that grill will be perfectly toasted”
This is not purfect anywhere!!!!
Omg ! Doing cheese burgers and only 1 slizz of cheeze!!!!
cross contamination?
Some reason I can't hear my grill screaming.
What next, how to use a toilet? What in the hell is this world coming to?
how long do you cook the burgers? how do you know when to flip them? how did you know they were "perfect?" let's see the inside. totally useless tutorial
Awesome job tks fior keeping us manly !!
Use Cowboy brand charcoal, you will never go back to Kings ford!
Don't make a meat loaf.
Guys a dick. Why do Americans swear the you NEED grill marks? If it marks happen then let it happen but don’t focus on the grill marks. And I seen burgers stuffed with other ingredients and no it’s not a meatloaf. Only Americans eat meatloafs.
Trash burger advice lol
QUICK QUESTION!! I saw you posted the Temperature at 800 in the beginning with lid close when you threw the burgers on. After That you waited 3 to 4 minutes. My Question is during that 3 to 4 minutes is please show up the temp of the grill with the lid closed during those 3 to 4 minutes so we can see if we need to adjust the temperature down a bit from 800. If you do in fact need to turn it down what was the temperature during those first 3 to 4 minutes when you had the lid closed and the burger still cooking on the original side before you flipped it. THANK YOU!!!!
Damn is that a grill or an undersized coffin?
meatloaf ????????
How dare you stop making videos
It's been 5 years... did you ever take those other two burgers off the grill?!
Freddie Mercury eating burgers eh?
The big missing piece of information to me is how he knew the internal temperature was 150 vs 135 without piercing or using a probe?
?????
0 tips how to recognize that the meat is cooked. You don't check for pink you just kind of wing it. It's like the hoes just got a free burger and made a video to to say thanks for the guy. But the tips weren't even great cooking is science. This felt like whole lot of cocky prick bullshit . in polite terms anyone can shit a burger like that on the grill
You like salt like I do.. Instead of lubricating the grill with expensive olive oil, I like to spray my burgers with non-stick spray before I put them on. Healthier? No. But it also works very well. Keep grilling like a man. Thumbs up.
You only add olive oil on just one side of burger?
Was that a onion?
Pro tip: use a Hasty Bake!
This man is on the money.  Best burgers I ever made.  Thanks!
No nonsense, nothing fancy just a great grilled burger.
every time i grill patties, It tastes fking raw in the inside.. the whole thing just messed up..
freddy mercury is alive and well
Hmmmm...I can’t help but wonder why we didn’t get to see the inside of the burger after it was plated. Aaaaaaand, it’s always a must to protect the bottom bun from the hot burger so it doesn’t get soggy. Sorry....not impressed!
Looks like the type of burger Ron Swanson would make.
For the perfect flip use this: https://www.amazon.com/Yukon-Glory-YG-40066-Premium-Stainless/dp/B07GBHNGWM/ref=sr_1_1?ie=UTF8&qid=1534188812&sr=8-1&keywords=yg-40066
Perfect grrrrilllerr
4:40 he said "that grill will be perfectly toasted" am i the only one that caught that?
Me personally: 1.)Get the best quality beef possible from local butcher. 2) I double grind the meat at home. 3.)Crack open bottle beer. 4.) Keep a sharp eye on my slick cat, that has ideas. 5.) Place food applicable gloves on hands to form burger patties. 6.) Form burger patties. 7. ) Cover burger patties with plastic wrap or aluminum foil, and leave out on kitchen table for about an hour to come to just room temperature(This allows for cold meat to relax/rest, and if done right your burger patties won't curl or shrink as much). 8.)Preheat gas grill for at least 5 minutes. If using charcoal, follow directions on whatever kind you have. 9.) I brush (Clarified Butter on both sides of burger patties, and only season both sides with the best salt and pepper you normally use. 10.) Grill burger patties according to how done people prefer them. Obviously I'm a 'purist'. I also use and brush on clarified butter on the buns sometimes , then toast/grill lightly. Olive oil IMHO doesn't give your meat the best flavor compared to clarified butter. Side note: All my condiments etc., are already prepared and in refrigerator before burgers were started. The End...enjoy!
Thanks.  Great burgers!!!!!
Cheese is to melted!
I don't care if it's burgers or steak. If you cook it one split second longer than medium rare, you might as well eat your shoe because at that point your shoe will be more tender.
Man, how a simple video about grilling hamburgers makes people wanting to kill each other! How about some tolerance, guys.
80/20 burgers are greasy and tend to flare up and shrink too much. Poor choice for people that need burger tutorials to cook a burger.
you act like your so accurate with cooking times but you just leave them on the grill when doing the buns with time indicator .. one side gets 1 or 2 minutes longer than the other and u don't say shit !
Was that the same plate u put the raw patties on? Cross contamination!!!
How long do you keep it on the grill for each side?
Dude this works ! Works well! Be assured listen to this guy for some food so good get u laid! Like and subscribed... this guy is AWESOME !!!
So how much longer on the other side after you flip them???
I can dig it
I don't think a grill cover is needed.
Glares at my mom for putting onion soup mix in burgers for years as a kid Never, ever again!!
Different strokes. If I farted around with the cheese & buns when this guy does, the burger is grey all the way thru - tough & dry.
that is not cheese it`s a man made slice of chemicals,
Guy at the end - lose the 1970's pornstache.
Cue the guy at the end with the dry flavorless burger in his mouth. We all make burgers like this that's why we came yet you make the same thing. Your burgers were pillows too, everything but the outside is flavorless and no way it's not dry. Just pass the potato salad and beans so I can make mouthfuls edible.. whatever
Would recommend adding oil to the bread, and instead of the inside facing down flip it up so the outside of the burger looks and tastes crunchy. Would also recommend adding a bit of butter to the burgers.
Why does he look like bob from bobs burgers? ??
Ah, Superintendent Chalmers! Welcome! I hope you're prepared for an unforgettable luncheon!
who cooks a burger to 15o?
"Cooking your burger all the way through " GET THE FUCK OUTTA HERE
Not telling us the time on each side the temp of the grill gas or charcoal
this guy needs a halal butcher so he can consume clean healthy meat ?? and have a good complexion instead pf looking like a filthy texan pig. islam rules
Boil your burgers
Pigcasso hahahaha I love it
Bruv you are shit at this
Chef Ramsey is rolling his eyes now...
is this commedy?
What you said is so correct about making the perfect burgers and I love making them along with grilling steaks, but hate making hot dogs.
Look at that Pedostasche!
very nice, but where is the onions and tomatoes and lettuce?
Spot on! Yeah buddy! ??
I watched a news item a few years ago now about the dangers of closing the lid when grilling burgers. Apparently with the lid closed the juices and fat that drips down onto the flames or charcoal will sit there waiting for the extra burst of air that arrives as soon as you open the lid. They even showed a demonstration by the Fire department which was quite alarming. This poor guy on the news report was having a family bar-b-cue with burgers, sausages, and chicken, when he opened the lid the whole thing, burst into flames resulting in severe burns to his face and arms. His bar-b-cue was not faulty according to Fire department, you just got to be careful when using one. Enjoy your bar-b-cues people but be careful ok.
I ate a salad then I watched this video... Damnit
Those look like some damn good burgers!!!!!
Haha that's a meatloaf right on
I think he made just copy of some other guys or good chef , any way looks good !?? ?? ?? ??
If you think having pure meat in your burger without adding anything except salt just eat a piece of steak .Pleskavicas are way better than your burger and they are filled with bread crumbs eggs and other stuff.
What do you oil the grill with
Don't let your meat loaf!
FUCK YOU BRET
What kinda cheese do u use?
This is more or less how I have learned to grill burgers through trial and error. He doesn't mention anything about flare-ups or grill flame levels. I use a Weber propane grill. They seem prone to less flare ups. I preheat the grill on high for 5-10 minutes. There is no need to oil the Weber cast iron grates. Once the grill is preheated, I use the grill brush to ensure the grill is clean, turn flame to low, and grill 5 to 6 minutes per side with the lid down. This results in a juicy but well-done burger. Prior to grilling, I like to sprinkle seasoning on them. Salt and pepper is fine, but McCormick has a lot of different blends you can try to mix it up. Another key is to get good hamburger rolls and skip the cheapies. Cheap rolls are fine if you are grilling for a kid's birthday party, but for grown-ups you should step it up a notch.
Always season burgers AFTER you've cooked them. Very surprised so many people get this wrong!
You know the drill...
Worchester sauce, Little bit of garlic salt, pepper and a hit of orange zest. Let is rest for about an hour for a nice quick marinade. Cook to liking. Place white american cheese with half slice of ham before burgers are ready to exit the grill
900 degrees lol
Creepy ass mustache
We need more AoM on the YouTubes. This is great content, and so would the podcasts.
It might be a good idea to move that grill away from the house!
Cney meli ya
Are the burgers over HEAT or indirect
What did he oil the grill with?
Lol!on a gas grill thats cute!
says dont season burgers.....then begins to season his burgers!!! what an IDIOT!!!
stop saying Grill marks, cant eat a grill mark dude!
Yeah go cook a meatloaf
And at 4:43 I think you meant to say the buns will be perfectly toasted, not the grill??.
4:16 “The cheese is going to be perfectly melted.” Dog comes around corner Dog: “ Did you say cheese?!”
https://www.facebook.com/BurgerimMiami/photos/a.411802012600547.1073741830.315843142196435/452860518494696/?type=3
Thumbs Down
hold the phone---he had no shirt on.....hmmm
Burger with no onion is like ...........
That is not cheese...That is 2 molecules from plastic. Get some English cheddar on there!!!
Go vegan dont become a fat cunt..
Beautiful work friend ??????
What a Cocky Tiny Dick Man w a Eggplant up his AZZ.
I reckon the number 1 best advice is use charcoal.
Did you mention the temperature????
Another home run
Screw olive oil. Use Worcestershire sauce
RenchRage here! Great video! Thanks for Sharing! Be good to each other!
Bret's rockin' that pornstache
my step dad sucks at grilling im 17 and i grill for the family and it makes him feel like a beta male
yep, the perfect burger is 2 fucking LBS.
I used a gas grill when I was working. Now being retired I only use my Weber Smokey Joe and kingsford hickory charcoal.. I love it.
Hamburgerth
I think Gordon Ramsey would differ
80/20 is for people who don't know how to grill. 85/15 is for people who know how to control the heat and want to get the most taste out of the meat. You want to taste beef.. not fat.
Thank you sir!
My home made burgers always turn into meatballs. I'll try you indentation trick.
look at that!! would ya look at that !? just look at that!!
You need a real mans grill. So you can cook with wood. Ok princess.
Thanks for the common sense video..lol
Great tips and advice here. Thanks for posting!!
4:10 you slam the lid and the dog comes running "Are they ready?!! No? ok i'll be back"
Awesome!
Is that real cheese or chemically altered plastique?
Do you keep the grill on high heat all the way through grilling the Burger
gas grills suck huge ass
NEVER poke the middle! That makes a tough overcooked spot. Its just a silly fad. If you know how to grill you can make a perfect burger without pressing the middle. Also, round those edges. Broken edges overcook. Place the burger on a super hot grill, after one minute, rotate it 90 degrees. After another minute, flip it. On its' final minute rotate 90 degrees again. Never press on a cooking patty.
Shit burger
Watch Gordon Ramsay maming burger!!!!
Processed cheese slices? Ewww. Use real cheese.
Good video.....
First tip. Use a real grill. Not that gas shit.
In my opinion, if you need to watch a how to video on making and grilling burgers you are definitely not manly.
Stupid question- Do you season both sides of the burger or is one enough? Thanks!
Can you use cooking spray on the grill?
My last 3 gas grills never got very hot at all. It's charcoal for me!
WHAT'S SPECIAL ABOUT THIS BURGER?!!! NOTHING.
Less is more!! This method is highly recommended. Add some rabbit food and some helmans, bomb digity!!
1:34 Well, Chef Ramsay disagrees.
olive oil? you can but no need, and I add a bit of garlic, a matter of personal taste, and the salt and pepper will adhere to the meat, the fat will work as an excellent adhesive. only thing I won't do is grilling burger on a gas grill, the whole magic is doing it on charcoal...
Manly and ART don’t go together.
Very simple and basic. To the point with excellent advice. Not a ton of extra or advanced BS to complicate things. Love this.
Season both sides of the fucking burger. When you put the burgers on the grill, put the seasoned side down on the grill so you can season the other side of it too, pro tip.
How long do you have to grill each side to have a medium-well burger?
One of my "pet peeves" cross contamination all over the handle of my grill and probably everywhere else!
That was WAY too much salt.
Garbage.... we have no clue what the inside looked like
What type of a grill is this?
Alot of men acting like girls in the comments......saying " oh he touch the meat and then the salt" or " thats cross contamination" or "the grill is outside and bugs might get on the food" ??????...Cry me a river guys. Its a backyard not a five star restaurant. Calm down girlie boys. Hate to see guys with a marshmallow on a STICK over a campfire.
Fuck now I wanna fire up the grill
“perfectly toasted grill”
Next up, how to boil water.
And you call them steamed hams, despite the fact that they are obviously grilled?
A hamburger made from beef?
Oh boy. Took his advice and when you say “piping hot” it was piping hot all right... my whole grill was on fire on the inside cause of fat from burgers. It melted my thermostat and browned my stainless. The burgers were charcoal. Idk if it was a flair up or what but this did not work for me. Any suggestions?
With charcoal do I do direct heat or what? DO I even do a hot and cold side lol? PLease help me!
Who grills 4 burger patties, but yet prepares 2 sets of buns?! ????
Freddie Mercury ?
art of manliness "uses a propane grill" wtf is this shit?
no pickles, lettuce, tomatoe or sauces? wtf is this.
Just like I do it sweet now I know my wife is wrong thank you
You need more seasoning then salt and peper
What do you put in the meat??
FINALLY!!!..Someone else who butters and toasts the buns....It’s madness that people don’t do this!LOL
Very nice !!
he is working the meat way to much
Don't claim to be manly when ur using a fucking propane grill lol
For some reason I wanna slap this guy
Gotta try them on a griddle on top of a weber grill. Keeps them nice and juicy!!!
Y the fuck is this in my reccomended videos. I eat 2 burgers a day. I don't need the added cancer from watching this
Mine never look this good
Does it has to be olive oil? can you use any other oil.
A BIG TIP guys by watching this video (or any other delicious looking food cooking video)..... Don't watch it when you're hungry??
I’m a mans lady (tomboy) and Base most of my actions off of this
I almost forgot... To the guy who made this video I recommend the meat head bbq book.... A lot of the things you preach in this video have been proven to be myths....
Will your burger be "good"?? Probably but this is not the way to grill a perfect burger.... Everyone commenting... This is just one guys opinion... He's not a fuckin expert... Let him give you some tips and you can continue on your 6 hours YouTube binge
@4:16 the dog knows the burgers are almost done but then realizes you’re still filming so it vacates the shot.
ONIONS !!! ONIONS !!!ONIONS !!!ONIONS !!!ONIONS !!!ONIONS !!!ONIONS !!!ONIONS !!!ONIONS !!!ONIONS !!!ONIONS !!!ONIONS !!!ONIONS !!!ONIONS !!!ONIONS !!!ONIONS !!!ONIONS !!!ONIONS !!!ONIONS !!!ONIONS !!!ONIONS !!!ONIONS !!!ONIONS !!!ONIONS !!!ONIONS !!!ONIONS !!!ONIONS !!!ONIONS !!!ONIONS !!!ONIONS !!!ONIONS !!!ONIONS !!!ONIONS !!!ONIONS !!!ONIONS !!!ONIONS !!!ONIONS !!!ONIONS !!!ONIONS !!!ONIONS !!!ONIONS !!!ONIONS !!!ONIONS !!!ONIONS !!!ONIONS !!!
Sure burgers not meatloaf but I do like a BIT of finely chopped onion in there.
I feel like this guy beats off to pictures of grill marks...
Meat is not fresh...
Burgers look very good. I put mine in the freezer just before going to the grill. It seems to help keep them together better. I am going to try the olive oil.
The well doesn't always work
Thanks for the video, what is that you oil the grill with?
Amen!
All of these techniques are from Chef Bobby Flay
What make is that grill?
Learned nothing. Cook it all the way thru? Do I need xray vision? How long per side?
Watched w/my daughter. The well in the center. I learned. Everything else i'm on par, if I had never grilled like my daughter. I would definitely be stoked if some one led me to this video. I also second the motion, cheese on burger before meat exits grille. & toast those buns!... [18°f went sledding all day. When you want a burger you want a burger. In the Heat or the Cold. why not? Still eats the same. God bless thanks for sharing.
MR BEN BOWLING
Panko goes in meatloaf not breadcrumbs
needs onion crums
Maybe I like meatloaf...
The most important point - grind your own burger! I use sirloin (from Kroger's "Manager Special" at 1/2 cost) and us an old 1960 grinder. I do use 1/2 t of a self-made rub with each piece of meat ground (no meatloaf). As the video says, don't squeeze the meat too tightly. Use common sense.
Is this Bubble's long lost brother teaching me how to cook a burger? I'm flustered at the moment.
was going so well until the processed crap was put on the burger why do americans always say `this is how to properly make burgers` then screw it all up with plastic cheese
Your great sir ! ???? thanks a lot for you advised. I’m ready to grill my hamburgers and stake
You have to laugh at you Americans,looking at the comments below it did not take long to turn this nice video on how to make a burger into a slanging match,made me chuckle ..
Slam that lid like a mayn
Tried this on my grill and only a minute or two on high turned the bottom to black hockey pucks. High my ass
I'm really looking for the grill settings
Again with the "grill marks". Your going to eat that dang thing. Who cares about gill marks.
Wish you do one for charcoal grill
My memre,God rest her soul,did good on everything except burgers. They came out like hockey pucks.
it should literally be against the law and punishable by firing squad to do any cooking show for any kind of meat and not show the actual finished portratyal of the meat sensationalized in the vid...................
Didn’t know freedy mercury wud be a presenter after queen
Everyone says the same stuff on these burger videos. Thumbs down cause I already heard all this on a different channel
Nice
Loved this video
My 5y old son is doing a better Burger then this shit tbh!
I was into this video until fucking cheese is brought up. I REALLY hate melted cheese on my burgers.
UNWATCHABLE: not drinking a ice cold beer while grilling
Crappiest burger Ive ever seen to be honest!
This "master" just toasted 2 buns and grilled 4 burgers lol
Nice getting raw mest juices on evrything u touched lol..
Next episode: The Art of Seasoning Both Sides
....olive oil.. look at those smoke and flames when turning the burger.. isnt that oil bad with that temperatur?
who is the Freddie Mercury looking nigga at the end?  LOL
The only mistake here is using bitch ass American cheese. Cheddar is the way to go!
lol at all these dainty nancyboys in here talking about chives and onions and eggs.. Fuck all that. I'm eating the burger because i want to fucking taste the beef! If I wanted onions i'd eat a fucking salad. All that extra bullshit, rabbit food and drowning the beef in sauces is so you can mask the fact that you don't actually like the flavor of beef. Because you're a fag.
overcooked
I always make home made burgers very similar to how u did yours, but i've never tried bbq-ing them untill today and they just melted through the grill, i was gutted, why did this happen, any tips would be much appreciated, thanks
Instructions unclear, I cooked the grill with the burger
Did he just put "American" in a perfectly good burger? That better have been cheddar
What's he using to oil the grill?
No cheese pleez!
butter the buns <---- critical
sukanegggeeerrrrdiiiikkkk
I don't eat meatloafs so I have no idea what he means by not seasoning the meat. I hate burgers without seasoning. The rest of the video is ok. But I think to be a perfect humberger you need seasoning otherwise is just a piece of grounded beef.
what size is the grinding meat on grinder 6 mm or 4 mm
You have to be pretty pathetic if you don't know how to grill.
Uh but McDonald's and burger kings flavor their burgers with onions and other stuff? Even Gordon Ramsay puts onions in. I guess I have been eating meatloaf burgers from fast foods? But they taste like normal burgers?? So I guess I'm still gonna put onions in to make it taste better. I don't think that people have to make it traditionally, just do anything to make it taste like a great burger. I guess it will be a meatloaf burger for other people.
Make sure you take the plastic off the cheese, very important!
"cheese"
I hate burgers ??
I didnt now Clark Gable like burgers.
I hate frozen burgers. The ones you made looking amazing.
Lmao every video he do the damn dog lurking in the background
One big mistake Karl; You need to grill those burgers on charcoal with a shallow grill lid on the grill.
I mix chillies and garlic into mine. olive oil on the burgers? I don't see the need.
You know he's white when he just use salt and pepper lmao
Why did Freddie Mercury show up in the beggining
I would assume Gordon Ramsay thinks of this guy as a donkey or an idiot sandwich because he insulted using garlic and other flavors on a burger
funny how after you mention" were cooking burgers here" then you bath the patties in olive oil....
i didbt know about the 20/80 ratio. thanks for the tip
This guys cross contamination skills are impeccable, my god man don't you know how to wash your hands before touching everything after touching raw meat
Did that start at 800 degrees? Mercy.
was this informative or is the aduince intended for allians first time on earth.
Awesome video, I'm going to try this recipe for my next video. It looks awesome.
I would think the center would be pink. He only cooked for for what, 6 minutes
Omg that dog at 4:15
Good video, now all you need to do is add some food handling tips, so no one gets sick from handling the beef.
Fantastic vid
Mistakes were made. You're supposed to put the burger season side down first so that you're seasoning it raw not cooked because it won't stay
Read it. Watch it. Do it. Thank you sir!
Good info but for the love of God, FOCUS!
"now I'm going to dig in to this burger"..... stop recording for a second i think in gonna be sick lol
what degrees?
Is it manly to speak with your mouth full?
dosent add anything to it? how not to grill a burger. Gordon Ramsay would rip him apart
Not sure I agree with cooking them all the way through. In most of Texas it's more common to grill any burger medium rare unless asked otherwise regardless of the source of the meat. Great video, thanks for the grilling tips!
Great info thanks!!!
Lol. Good video and good info. But ! I smoke my burgers. About an hour. Remember patience !!!!! well done and super juicy. If u want to cook in a hurry use a mf ing microwave. Good barbq takes a long time
The video was great until he said well done
Should you Salt and pepper both sides or not
well, American food, burned too much comparing to Chinese food. Do not get me wrong, I understand it is a really well cooked burger, since I have been around long enough, just has a general comment.
How much time does it stay on after you flip it?
4:15 hungry dog
Awesome dude! Gonna follow your techniques next time I grill some burgers.
love burgrrs
5:31 dude wanted that burger so bad opened his mouth even before biting the burger
ALWAYS SEASON THE MEAT FIRST!!!
If you can't grill a burger, just shoot yourself. You'll do us all a favor.
This is a plain salt pepper burger.
Are you married?
Every time I cook burgers the grease catches fire and I need to keep moving them
4:16 " ohhh not ready yet? ok i'll come back later"
Thanks for the tips man! I will test them this weekend!
Damn, this guy has never had a "meatloaf" burger!! I hate burgers with only salt and pepper, no flavor!!! I'd take a meatloaf burger any day. pff
everything but how long to cook on each side---the most important thing
No screaming hot grill so you don't have to press the center with your thumb, no olive oil because it will burn and the amount of salt and pepper put in there should of been divided in half and put on both sides of the burger. And do not close the lid until you melt the cheese. ....try this folks along with the other tips from the video and I guarantee a great burger and bun that isn't burnt. Oh and charcoal or wood, and it doesn't hurt to have a cold beer by ya.
Is it me or that is just too much salt?
FUCK! My mouth got juicy watching this video. 'Pause'
lol thank you burger instructor you're right
first time i done burgers they where burnt black but still good well for biscuits
Great vid! Thanks for the tips
I just made it like this and it was amasing
Super film! Pozdrawiam!
This guy ripped off Bobby Flay's video "Perfect Burger Recipe with Bobby Flay". Its almost word for word.
My kids said your video made me make the best burgers they ever had! Thanks.
If you're looking for the definitive burger-grilling tutorial, you have found it. No further looking required. Seriously, I've been cooking burgers following this same formula ever since I first saw this video a few years ago, and I've never had a dry, bland burger since. Genuinely good advice.
hank hill?
Instructions unclear. got my dick stuck on the grill
Great Job!
Lol shit Freddie Mercury lol
I watch your video over and over,. While I'm grilling .. Using an old Weber grill.. Short term memory .. Thank you tor helping me
just made this exact burger! the whole family is satisfied!!! thanks art of manliness!!!
yikes @ 5:20 that brick wall looks worst than your grill... WTF is with that square cheese too
flipping once doesn't matter
watch me poor this fat all over this patty.. ....that's already 20% fat. Professional rookies.
Manly huh?? He's using a fucking propane gas grill.. Get the hell outta here!!!
just a quick quisten, what do you use of/for oile on the grill, and what is it yous to put it on with? regards Anders, Denmark
But if you're gonna use an oil, use a neutral flavored oil with a high smoking point...
So he's concerned about food safety  but uses the same plate he had the raw burger meat on.
Meh. Zero special about this.
I did not know you only put salt and pepper on one side of the burger IV always seasoned both side! Was I wrong?
thanks. I'm a cook but barely starting on the grill which is hella hard for me
I'm confused on how I ended up on this video but I'M HUNGRY AS FUCK! ????
This is what you call a real burger not that McDonald's garbage
This is worthless! He didn't even tell us what to look for to know it is time to flip them! When the juices start to seep through on top, that's when you flip. Why is he closing the lid as they cook?? He is steaming them!
Thumbs up if your a women trying to learn how to grill and this helped a ton??
hi. which spartula did he take? esp which size?
Maravilhoso..Congratulations......
How to make a flavorless white People burger lmao
Looks amazing!
Haha at 4:15 the dog see the camera rolling and is like "Oh shit he's recording!!"
i love to over work the hamburger. Mmmm Mmmm Good
I thought that olive oil was Johnnie Walker
I'm trying to forget about chef Ramsey but I just heard olive oil so I'm watching all of his videos again
What cheese is that
I HATE grilling burgers. Flare ups drive me crazy.
U need a big green egg
What are you using to oil the grill.
im hungry
I'm watching this because my mom wants me to cook my own food ??
Whenever he's about to say something new, he starts with "again, "
Guy at the end looks like a Reno 911 cop.
no sauce?
The best artists have a touch of madness to them. This is one of those people. Thank you!!!
'MERICA!
looks good tho
if you want the diamond shaped grill marks, before you flip them rotate them 90 degrees. it makes them look pretty
freshly ground is also better
it will tastes better if you dont. you get more juiciness in every bite if you dont. i promise it tastes better
he flattend it. you dont do that
We're your burgers red inside
Epic LISP
Nice dog.
How many minutes do you keep the burgers in the grill after you flip it, including the time with the cheese on top? It seems like you keep it there for more than 3-4 minutes.
Olive oil on a burger? No thanks.
about 5 out 10..
I mix onions, garlic, salt and pepper with the ground beef. Call them meatloaf if you wish, they still taste better than your "burgers"
is that an onion you're using before putting the patties
I don't like melted cheese, can't taste it when its melted
I'll never understand the fascination with grill marks...
My BIGGEST pet pev is people who use cheap ass American processed cheese!!! Booo!! Spend the extra cash and have the cheese cut from the block. It doesn't cost that much more and the taste is way better.
good how-to video!!
Will 93% work on an electronic grill?
good video
I followed these instructions and my burgers were super rare, 3-4 minutes isn't long enough
People think if you cook a burger medium to well-done it will be dry and unflavored but those people dont know how to cook burgers truly well-done.. I just melt butter on the pan and sprinkle pepper and salt over the butter evenly and then slap the patty down and cook it for 3-4 mins on one side on medium heat. I then flip it over and immediately start basting the burger with the fat'n'buttery juices that collected on the pan from the burger for 4-6mins depending on how chubby the burger is. (This is where the magic happens) Then i cut the burger in half and turn them on their sides to start searing the middle of the burger to get the yummy caramelization on the inside. Finally I slap the 2 burger halfs on the pre-toasted bun and pour the remainder of juices from the pan onto the burger along with provolone cheese, romaine and a little ketchup and you got yourself a juicy well done burger bursting with flavor!
I thought you're supposed to let the burger rest for a minute before putting it on the bun ...
Eew no bread crumbs or eggs yup thats a meatloaf
This guy is a jackass. You absolutely want to flip it (at least) 3 times. Not only does it give you pretty grill marks, it ensure even cooking. Also, fuck anyone advocating cooking a well done burger. There is a special place in hell for people who like their meat well done.
Nothing in the video and nothing in the comments about bacon... you're just a bunch of girly men.
That looks amazing, but my burgers did not look like that. They looked like hokey pucks ????????
fellas if you are on a gas grill them you might as well cook them on your stove because that's all a gas grill is an outdoor stove,do your self a favor and switch to charcoal,starting and tending to a fire is the real art to manliness
About to grill my first burger, thanks for this video and tips. Aaaaaaaaaa!
https://youtu.be/-G-RqFZLiRs
you had me until you put American cheese on it. now I don't know if I can trust anything at al you say about anything. I put pepperjack and smoked swiss. American cheese is  abomination.
if you want a "perfect" burger, use gorden ramsay's recipe.
I really don't understand why people are obsessed about getting grill marks, you're going to eat the damn thing why should it matter lol
The purpose of breadcrumbs/egg isn't for flavour, it's for when the meat is lower quality. If you don't use egg or crumbs, the meat will often fall right apart into the grill.
im new to the grill, all the tips are awesome. turned out great. thank you
whenever we cook burgers on the grill; the grease drips down and causes major flame up. How do I prevent this?
Do you season both sides ?
Great tutorial and tips in this video, thanks :)
Really bro, fucking olive oil? Piss off.
Great stuff. Camera is never focused on the subject, but I got what I came for ;)
Awesome guys I followed your burger and steak instructions and they came out perfect .
Aight Bobby flay
Awesome video
everyone's always claiming how to make perfect burgers, they can't all be perfect!
how the fuck some homo's gonna talk about manly wtf smh
Do I have to slam the grill cover close too so I can grill like a man?
Not the olive oil again.
This guy is cheap. You cut the cheese off the block, like a real chef would do. Ask any pitmaster. Dont use that process stuff. And yes, I may only be eleven, but I have a grill. Also, if you add some extra seasonings, its fine. It all depends on what flavor you want.
a few quick comments (just my opinion): 1. the perfect burger is made on a charcoal grill. ask anyone who considers themselves a real pitmaster 2. there is no rhyme or reason to the "flip only once" method 3. burgers should be made to order. they are much juicier cooked medium and below and it is perfectly safe (i prefer medium). 4. i mix roasted garlic and onion into my burger along with dry spices and a tablespoon or 2 or homemade bbq sauce. many people have told me they are the best burgers they've ever had. you should put whatever you want in your burgers.
Lol you're touching everything with raw meat hands fucking idiot
getting on the grill today,getting meat ready.
Cool! Finally someone promoting a well-done burger!
There are fucking flies on your cutting board...gross dude.
Overuse of the word "again".
Freddy Mercury called he wants his body back.
Why 80/20 Hamburger, we usually get 90% lean. Is there a reason to get fattier meat?
You cant be manly and have other men make your burgers wtf
Clear instructions. Thank you! One question: should the burger be seasoned from one side or from both sides?
pretty good paddys.. But the cheese and bread on that thing is horrible. FAAAR from perfect.
Come on man Gas
One of the best ways I have found to stop burgers from puffing up in the middle is to press down on the burger with a plate after making it to give it a flat surface.
It's a propane grill lol
I can't wait to try this and the steaks, thanks team!!!!!
Aren't manly men big, you are kind wimpy.
American food
Just did the best burgers ever…..great tips…thank you!
Hello 80s Freddie Mercury
Not many people have a grill that can get up to 800° like in the video. How long did that grill take to warm up?
I liked nd subscribed not just cuz ima burgeroligist cuz I have a cool mustache too lol
"if you want a meatloaf, cook a meatloaf.... we're cooking BURGERS!!!"
i t s r e a l l y f u n n y hey thete, library peace % ...
That's a meat loaf lmao
great, you know what I gonna do tonight ;)
Having the first cookout of the year this weekend and wanted to make sure I have everything down. Yall's videos will help alot for me not to make the same BS mistakes others make. Thanks for the tips!
can you use the lava rock when you are grilling burgers?  how many times can you re-use the lava rock before it becomes unusable?
that is one Badass vid Mann. thought I was the bomb at making burgers, but now I'm gonna master them. can't wait!!!
Goddamn I'm hungry now. Looks fantastic.
If I want to cook a burger like that, do I need to keep slamming my grill closed too?
perfect
No actual information here just blah blah. Title of video is how to, he didn't mention the little dimple in the middle of the burger to keep it from plumping. This comment told you more about how to girll than this whole video unless you're retarded and have never cooked before in your life.
Anything with a grill mark is good
Too bad he ruined a good burger with plastic cheese.
He's ready for the burger @4:15
They'd be a hell of a lot better if you didn't use trash cheese on them. Use some real cheddar for fucks sake! Not that disgusting, cheap, oil-based "cheese product".
Dang that look good!
you just copied what bobby flay said.
Until next time its so dry lol
what do u mean oil the grill i am new
Couple of mistakes here: 1) It's best to salt the burgers at the last moment possible, so that the salt doesn't pull out moisture from the burger 2) FLIP the burger every 20 to 30 seconds. You will have less overcooked meat around the edges and more evenly cooked meat in the center. 3) Olive oil on a burger? No thanks, there is plenty of fat that will create a nice tasty char naturally
U R so stupid , the reason V 1 a football is round ?? 2 that is not a grill , the grill is next to the oven 3 a girl can also barbecue 4 you are not Jamie Oliver / DJBBQ
yummy
Is this a joke?
You tried to sound manly and then couldn't get that olive oil open hahaha wtf
I love the videos and you've just made me very very hungry. The only thing I'd point you should recommend is to use a meat thermometer. My good friend is a doctor at the local hospital and he sees at least two/three cases of people infected with E Coli. For ground beef, cook it to 160º F. I personally use the Chef Remi Cooking Thermometer which is perfect for grilling. Look forward in watching more cooking videos from you guys!
As always much appreciated information. Keep up the great work. Will 'Spider' Watson. Jeremiah 29:11
109 vegetarians gave this a Thumbs Down...
i miss america, i worked there as a student from europe in the summer of 2014 and damn i miss those burgers...:(
Amazing
Um you literally copied Bobby flay word for word
Thank you! Very helpful video and worked great on my new gas grill! For the first time, I grilled with confidence. :)
Nice video, but you should NEVER pepper meats before grilling. Pepper burns at 270 degrees and will impart a bitter taste into the meat.
why do u toast the buns
bobby flay copycat
I don't know if this is fucked up, but when I use my big green egg I add a tiny bit of my Marinade and vegetable oil to the bottom of the grill to give it some kick I add some to the burgers themselves. I'm only 13 I wanna know if that's bad.
What I like to do is just hit my wife repeatedly until she makes me a fucking burger
how do you know if the burger is cooked enough on one side before flipping
thanks for video I'm grilling right now
amazing work sir
hey are these degrees in Celsius or Fahrenheit
i have the weber genesis grill, how long should i cook the burger for on each side?
why does he put it straight on the grill my fam usually puts aluminum foil on it then put the meat on that ... that's kind of gross to just put it straight on the grill
Hi, what should be the temperature before I start grilling the burger? I have a WeberGrill.
Awesome! I'll try it tomorrow.  My mouth is watered! Thanks for the tips.
"Don't flip em too often now you don't wanna lose the juices. Yeah...yeah, coming along nicely. Those are cooking just fine. Scoop that one up and put it back down in the exact same spot."
Good tips
What kills me about all these grilling videos is, everyone who is presenting the video touches their raw meat, then touches everything else like their seasonings without washing their hands first. I am no germaphobe, but that is disgusting.
What is it with you fuckin' Americans and your salt?!
This works really well with veggie burgers too!
Great vid guys.
Love a Smokey Charcoal grilled burger! Gas is good but charcoal better. Ground Chuck 80/20 is best - need that fat for a juicy burger. I mix in some finely diced yellow onion, small amount of Liquid Smoke, little bit of Cumin, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper. Form the burgers, indent if desired and freeze 20 minutes before putting on the grill. Each burger should be about 1/3 to 1/2 pound after prepared. Get the coals hot, leave a spot for a can of Mesquite wood chips later. After the coals settle down to a glow put the can of wood chips in the middle. Wipe the top with some Olive Oil and let burn off a few minutes. Put the burgers on for about four minutes on each side (Hibatchi  grill). Toast some large buns and add cheese if desired, the last seconds before serving.
only thing is use tony's instead of salt and pepper
There is a lot of good tips n tricks in this video. Using ground chuck (80/20) is spot on.  No smashing the burger is also a good tip.  I think adjusting a burger after 2 minutes or so to get diamond shape grill marks can be with done great results. Doesn't make it taste better, but looks nicer!!!! Putting the indent in the center to prevent the fluff up is good idea that I heard of 20 years ago. Nothing new to me.  I have made a seasoned burger, using an onion soup mix, eggs and worchestire sauce. It was a very decent burger and was not meatloaf.  A simple salt/pepper seasoning is great too. But nothing wrong with additional seasoning either. If I am wanting onions on my burger, either chopped or sliced, I like to put them on top of the burger, adding the cheese and like he says, cover for a bit to melt the cheese. This keeps the onions on the burger, so that I can get the nutritional benefits of all the onion I am putting on it. There might not be much in romantic benefits that night, but at least we had a terrific burger meal !!!!
What does he use to oil the grill?
Don't you refrigerate the meat?
Dude, nicely done, brief video that said everything that needed to be said.  It worked.  Thanks.
So what's the temp. to put it on while grilling? I did this exact same thing, but left it on high for about 3,4 min. And it liked to have burned my grill down!!!thanks
coool thqnk
That's a handsome mustache.  Nice video.  thank you.
Looks like John Reep grilling and the Mexican from Napoleon  Dynamite.
Yesss, because of this video I am grilling burgers tonight!!!
Grill my ass. Thats not a grill. Its just gas stove in garden. Use live fire from live wood. Leave gas stoves in kitchen for our ladies to cook. Greetings from Europe where men cook on live fire, ladies on gas stoves.
"If you want a meat loaf cook a meat loaf were cooking burgers here today" I like this guy
Are you puertorrican
my only question is how do i keep the burgers from falling apart on the grill without using breadcrumbs and egg?
I absolutely love burgers... And the best burgers I've ever cooked, I used salt and pepper... That said, there's no problem with a meatloaf - ish burger. Take the art to the next level and I like to marinade my meatloaf burgers about 30 minutes prior! Most of the time I just like salt and pepper but other times I like flavored burgers.
a excelent video, keep in that way !!
I heard you should always refrigerate the burgers at least 20 minutes after forming into patties. And you always add the seasoning to the patties when you are immediately going to grill them.
Grill how long on each side?
Cool
Say what you will about adding nothing to the meat, but a little bit of Worcestershire mixed in before grilling, and it always tastes better! Don't believe it, do a side-by-side blind taste test ;-)
Hey! I just stick my burgers o the inside of the chimney flue and...wallaaaaah!!
Thanks for the tips. Was just told today that I cooked the best hamburger ever tasted. Felt great. Thank you!
Archer and his buddy.. good god, i love these burgers!
lol if you want a meatloaf cooka meatloaf lol
Because every time u open the grill ur losing heat in the grill
Why not just put the buns on the grill at the same time u put the cheese on they both take about 30 seconds to perfection any way
Best burgers IMO right off the fire pit. Put a few blocks up make a lil open chimney start a lil camp fire get sum coals going take a grills metal grill plate and stick it over the fire pit. Let heat up season thrown burgers on and u can season with smoke also with different types of wood fresher wood keeps it moist and smoky coals keep it hot. Cooks fast stays juicy and smokes the entire time with real wood. You can't have a bad burger. Even if you forget a burger by accident it still tastes a amazing over cooked literally premium jerky flavor with a juicy seasoned inside OMG they don't always make it to the bun haha
Using a gas BBQ is hardly the pinnacle of the 'Art of Manliness'
What olive oil? Light, standard, or extra virgin? They have different flavors and smoking points. What oil was used to oil the grill? Standard olive oil burns easily at a moderate temperature. Also, season one side only or both sides? Was the burger meat cold or at room temperature before it went on the grill? How long did you wait till you flipped the burger? This video would be alot more helpful with complete set of information.
HAHAHAHAHA you oughta you pack of fuckwits.....lol
You instructions are not that good. I got my dick stuck in the propane nozzle.
oh Lawd
Coping in n out
Yummy yummy..its making me hungry now..
I can't stop watching burger videos and really want a damn burger.. ugh..
Olive oil?!  Fail!
brb going to grill a burger :$
Wheres the tomatoe and onion?????
@Art of Manliness how much does it takes to cook each side in a charcoal grill?
What king of cheese is that
Way too quote bobby flay word for word
I like this method. The only thing I'd disagree with is the cheese. It looks a little over done. Maybe put it on at the same time as the buns, then they'd be perfect.
Wow He said everything bobby flay said in an interview and exactly the same too. Wonder who copied who... hmm Thanks for the tips though. they were great.
This guy don't know what he's doing. Doing burgers on a gas grill??? LOL. He must be from New York. And he still ended up with over cooked UFO burgers. He probably cooks steaks in a pan too.
I don't need all the extra stuff like BBQ sauce or whatever. Sometimes the perfect burger just has cheese and some ketchup just like the good ol' days.
Oh now, Mr. Kurt Hest, there's nothing wrong with a burger every now and then, we don't all eat celery and carrots every day like you do....
Awesome.. Perfect Burgers!!!
What temperature should I use on an indoor grill?
This is great! I wondered what I was doing wrong because my burgers have been coming out like "Hockey Pucks." I think the issue was that I used too much flame and just not the correct timing. Thanks for the video!
So if I don't smash it down how do I know if my burger is done? Also how long do you typically keep it on the each side when grilling?
Stop putting olive oil on everything people! Please.
It needs lattus :)
Nice lisp bro!
Yummy!  Raw meat hands all over the pepper and olive oil.  This is how I do my hamburgers and they are very tasty.
Karl sounds like John Gruden
Please clean your grill grates before they spread EBOLA!
Your awesome,thank you. The steaks I grilled were awsome
Reuses the same plate, cross contamination fool
I always toss the buns on at the same time as the cheese, then again I like my buns a little more toasty than this guy.
I've eaten burgers rare all the time, even raw, and I've never gotten sick from them. No need for people to get so stressed out about rare meat. I think it's crazy when people want to forget they're eating an animal.
How long did he cook it for?
can you give me an estimate of how many times per side approximately? Great vid by the way
HAMBRRRRGRRRS!
Great tips! Thanks so much!
You're digging in.... but where's mine ?!?!?!?  ME  SO  HUNGRY ! ! !
thank you for your manly burgers!
Thanks for the vid, but I was left uninformed... Cooking times vary with the thickness of the burger. You didn't mention what the ideal thickness should be, and your suggested cooking time was vague. You said, "3 - 4 minutes" on the first side... If you're cooking on a grill that's been heated to 700 degrees, a minute of cook time will make a huge difference! Also, you didn't say what the cook time should be once you flip the burger. However, the technique of making a dimple in the burger was great! Never thought to do that. Again, thanks for the vid. If you have a chance, would love to see another vid that fills in the blanks when it comes to specifics - burger thickness, grill temp, and cooking times for each side.
big mistake in putting those bunns on the grill dry ,,forget about buttering them,i put them on the burgers as there still cooking and after i flipped them the first time that way the bunns soak up the fatty juices then i grill em and get nice marks with no charring,the flavour is of that tallow and char on those bunns with the meat is extra flush lovely
CHARCOAL!!!!!
Perfect Burger, but the worst cheese in the world...
Olive oil on a burger?Where did he learn that crap, Jamie Oliver?This is not how you do a burger.Pepper will burn and leave a digusting taste to it.You should add that after finish grilling the patties.
This was an AWESOME video!! My grill was warming up today 6/15/14, my girlfriend's father was walking in the door on Father's Day and I needed to get those burgers cooked just right! I have gotten lucky and also botched plenty of meals grilling in the past by just winging it and hoping for the best. But this time I was not leaving it to chance. I jotted down notes from this 6 minute video and immediately followed them to a "T"- Real HOT grill/Burgers w/dent in the middle/Cheese 30-40 seconds/Buns buttered and grilled 15-30 seconds- all absolutely PERFECT!!!!!
flipping once is important, not multiple times, only that keeps it juice
Flipping one time is another myth (google is your friend). Flipping it multiple times is actually better.
So i flip it 4 mins.. How long do i let it sit there. To cook through the buger?
Thx 4 the awsome tips dude! its burger time!
Thx 4 the awsome tips dude! its burger time!
Sausage burgers are highly underrated. I recommend everyone try them. They're pretty fun and super easy to cook.
love it  "thats a meatloaf"  we are cooking burgers here today :)
4:38 - Glad the grill will be perfectly toasted! What about the buns? ;o)
For those who disagree with the tip to only flip the meat once: if you're cooking it in a pan or one a griddle, then the number of flips isn't important; but if you're cooking it on a grill, flipping back and forth will cause confused, overlapping, weak grill marks. It's about appearance more than anything else.
OHHH Boys !!!!    I´m from Brazil, and I just can not make american burgers like that.  I just can not make it taste the same as yours.  I think its the ingredients, I don´t know !!!  But congratulatios for the videos !!!  Best to you all, Eduardo Avallone.'.
DON'T REALLY LIKE THIS GUYS ATTITUDE...HE NEEDS A GOOD SLAP
20% fat in a burger? And tons of cheese? Wow, I wonder why obesity is running wild in the US. Oh you should also put even more salt on those burgers, so your blood pressure gets even higher.
do i keep them on direct or indirect heat?
do i keep them on direct or indirect heat?
Art of manliness and he doesnt have a beard lol bye
Actually, scientifically flipping once is perfect if you want to maximise the amount of overcooked meat. Flipping often makes for a more even cooked burger that is closer to medium rare than charcoal. The flip once idea is just a bunch of unfounded hot air.
4:40 the grill wont be toasted, the buns will be silly
do you guy have  the art of grilling: how to grill chicken that would be great
It's not caramelization when it comes to meat, the proper term is the Maillard reaction...
Why is everyone pretentious when giving grilling tips, there's multiple ways to make good food, and common sense tips like dont squish the meat....and spark up some charcoal like a man since we're being pretentious lol
I disagree with his idea of not seasoning the meat.  Definitely worth the time to add seasoning to the beef as you are making your patties.  It's not making a "meatloaf". It's adding flavor.
How to grill a hamburger: don't. For one, hamburgers ought to be made on a pan. For second, using a grill to make a hamburger is a waste of time and resources. Make steaks or better, go to a Mexican carniceria and get some carne asada to grill.
All those tips you should've mentioned not touching cooked food with bare hands. Clean or not. Also, here's a tip for you... not everyone likes their food barely seasoned, so the meat loaf comment was unnecessary.
4 minutes each side.. this shit is way overcooked
Merican.
Anyone know what kind of cheese he's using?
I am sooo showing my dad this. His burgers suck!!!
You lose 7 man points for use of the word "yummy". 8-( You can gain back 4 points (sorry, still must lose the other 3 due to the original offense) by reposting and substituting the word "larrupin!" 8-)
I like to put my cheese on when the burger is taken off the grill, so the cheese has a little "body" to it. But the main ingredient is the one he's not using...CHARCOAL!
I like trus
says "the key to burgers is to flip them one time" yet gives no reasoning for this. not only is it not "key" but it's completely wrong. flipping often makes them cook more evenly and they get done in 2/3 the time!
I did the method described in the video but my burgers were red on the inside and over seasoned. I will try to let each side of the burger cook for 5 to 6 minutes next time. What should I do about the seasoning? I seasoned both sides with a sprinkle of salt and a dabble of olive oil.
What about the meat loaf? I came here for the meat loaf...
Hell yeah 3:56 throw some cheese on those bitches!
SHIT!! this looks yummy, man i'm gonna make me some burgers rite now
One day
I think it's kosher salt.
He have the first side 3-4 min, then flipped to the other side for another 3-4. Dip a clean rag in the same type of oil you apply to the burger when seasoning.
I'm a total noob in grilling. How do you know when to flip the burger? Also, what was that oil he used on the grill before putting the burgers on?
Yum!
Cross contamination! Lol
What kinda salt is that? It doesn't look like your normal sized table salt.
I tried this today, outside of the burger looked great, trouble was that the inside was still pretty red. likely because I'm not used to cooking burgers so fast. I usually kept the grill at about 200F and they always turn out medium-well and very juicy for me, so I'll probably stick to that, though the seasoning was awesome and the olive oil made a huge difference in taste. Suggestion for future grilling videos: chicken, fish, and ribs (marinades, rubs, etc)
I second this
jerky! how to??
Nice!!
Any advice on when to flip and when it's done? That's the hard part. Is it timing or temp or firmness?
Want any meat with that salt?
This is a great series. Really good information.
Are you going to do one on chicken?
Great video, well done!!
I want one of these burgers now.
very helpful videos. ive always wanted to learn how to prepare the meat under ground
Damn now I want a fresh flame grilled burger. Better not be watching this on an empty stomach!
Should one fry the bacon seperately before making the burgers or is it possible to grill the strips at the same time? Great video BTW.
Essential 4th of July know-how.
What's up with the fly hanging out on your cutting board?
Nah, you have got to add stuff to burger meat, otherwise it's just a puck of cow.
Very awesome. Thanks for that :)
You can call that food if you want to, but you can't call that cheese.
I will never understand why people eat yellow plastic with their meat.
Download file EpicMealTime
I wish I could download food
good stuff
I love this channel! Hope it get more and more popular!
Now we need to know how to grill some squirrel.
Awesome series!
Ack dude, a egg in a burger kicks arse.
Delicious