And the ghost of Tesla Laughed and Laughed . ??????
Tesla?
Edisons only discovery was Nikola Tesla
Applause for pronouncing ø right Also, Tesla was crucial in making components for alternating current (which will be what I'll blame on if I fail at the exam) Also, without alternating current, only the very rich could have afforded electricity. This would have happened if Eddison won the war of currents
That was a very subtle use of the it's a trap meme. Well played crash course animator person
no Tesla? wth?
R u serious at all, where is NIKOLA TESLA
I know this format is short, but no Tesla is a glaring omission.
It was never stated in Frankenstein that electricity was involved in the "monster's" creation. That comes from movie adaptations.
Cmon guys, you're usually much better at research. This entire video could be titled: "Myths we believe are real"
Oh, btw. Edison didn't invent the light bulb. He "perfected" it.... and by perfected i mean he invented a version that would eventually blow, creating a need to continue buying them. (He saw potential for profit in light bulbs, but didn't like fact people would only need to buy them once every 10-15 years or so). Humphrey Davy and Joseph Swan were the real inventors of the light bulb, and yes, their version could easily last 10+ years. In fact, they were developing bulbs that would Never blow before Edison stole their research, and developed a much lower quality bulb. (They were actually 2 of the countless people who won lawsuits against Edison). This video has quite a few errors.... and btw yes, Edison was not an inventor. He was a ruthless businessman who was exceptionally good at stealing research (and credit).
Everyone is losing it because they didn't mention Tesla.. And here I am annoyed that yet again Hauksbee and Ben Franklin are brought up, yet no mention of William Gilbert or Thomas Browne. A guy gets famous for one experiment and suddenly no one knows who discovered (and named) electricity. (Gilbert n Browne coined it in early 1600's) Edit: Also, just pointing out, we don't actually know if the kite experiment ever happened, or if it did, we have no idea at all id Franklin did the experiment himself. He certainly never claimed that he did. He only briefly mentioned it in a very brief statement to the Pennsylvania Gazette, saying, and i quote: "the iron rod experiment had been achieved in Philadelphia, but in a different and more easy Manner". He never specified who did the experiment, only that it had been done. He also never said it was the kite. In fact, it was about 2 decades later when Joseph Priestly wrote about it, that it was claimed Franklin did the experiment using a kite. Problem is he never witnessed it himself, and many scientists have pointed out if Franklin HAD done the experiment in the way Joseph described, it would have killed him. Aaaaaand, on top of it all, Benjamin Franklin was nowhere near the first person to do that type of experiment. In fact, that experiment had been done so much in the previous years (with a variety of objects including metal rods), that virtually no one even took notice when Franklin made his claim. He did write up the concept that electricity n lightning are the same... but as for the kite experiment, all we have as evidence is the word of someone who was not there, writing about it 2 decades after the fact, by simply giving his interpretation on what Benjamin Franklin would likely have done.
Everyone is losing it because they didn't mention Tesla.. And here I am annoyed that yet again Hauksbee and Ben Franklin are brought up, yet no mention of William Gilbert or Thomas Browne. A guy gets famous for one experiment and suddenly no one knows who discovered (and named) electricity. (Gilbert n Browne coined it in early 1600's) Edit: Also, just pointing out, we don't actually know if the kite experiment ever happened, or if it did, we have no idea at all id Franklin did the experiment himself. He certainly never claimed that he did. He only briefly mentioned it in a very brief statement to the Pennsylvania Gazette, saying, and i quote: "the iron rod experiment had been achieved in Philadelphia, but in a different and more easy Manner". He never specified who did the experiment, only that it had been done. He also never said it was the kite. In fact, it was about 2 decades later when Joseph Priestly wrote about it, that it was claimed Franklin did the experiment using a kite. Problem is he never witnessed it himself, and many scientists have pointed out if Franklin HAD done the experiment in the way Joseph described, it would have killed him. Aaaaaand, on top of it all, Benjamin Franklin was nowhere near the first person to do that type of experiment. In fact, that experiment had been done so much in the previous years (with a variety of objects including metal rods), that virtually no one even took notice when Franklin made his claim. He did write up the concept that electricity n lightning are the same... but as for the kite experiment, all we have as evidence is the word of someone who was not there, writing about it 2 decades after the fact, by simply giving his interpretation on what Benjamin Franklin would likely have done.
This was an electrifying episode! It's Greased Lightning!
All inventions seem to be named after somebody
How can you have a "Crash Course History" on electricity without any mention of Tesla?
Crazy futurists deserve their recognition just like the ruthless capitalists. Those that drive tech and understand this world will bring it to it's knees and Tesla will be avenged ROFL. Resistance is futile. I mean RIF!
You did not take even the name of tesla??????
I see I'm super late to the party. What SI unit is the edison again? I think I must have missed that. The tesla, for those playing at home, is the SI unit of magnetic field strength. "They say in physics the greatest honor is when your name starts to be spelled with a lower-case letter."
Franklin is the guy who came up with the positive and negative nomenclature for talking about electrical charge, causing generations of electrical engineers to curse his name. Because of Franklin electricity flows from the negative side to the positive side over a voltage potential.
Edison was the Donald Trump of inventors. I mean that in a derogatory way, America.
Edison was a murderer
does youtube shadowban?
Nicely Done Team Crash Course !
No Tesla, No mention of Maxwell's laws. No mention of the Faraday cage. This should have been two more episodes.
Please add the Arabic language translation
Hello john Green, Russians love you. But the trouble happened, we need you to give your consent to translate your content and voice acting into Russian. Please respond ?????? ???????. From Russia with love.
I was hoping they would mention Oliver Heaviside. His contributions to the Electrical Sciences are extremely important and I think he deserves way more recognition.
Didn't ancient scientists create some fluid batteries as well?
James Clerk Maxwell was a great mathematical genius. He should have had his own episode!!!
General Electric advertisement .????????
Was hoping for a mention of Joseph Henry, he invented insulated wire, practical electromagnets, electrical communication at a distance, discovered inductance, and has an SI unit in his name.
You actually pronounced an Ø somewhat correctly! You may have offended the Tesla crowd, but Scandinavia is proud of you!
You forgot to mention Nikola Tesla and Lewis Latimer !
I think TRUMP edited this video...
Oh, we're referring to AC as "Westinghouse's" now, instead of Tesla's? GOT IT.
Haha make a “cloud baby” ???? lol love you guys videos!
Hey guess what everyone? Donald Trump's Uncle John G Trump was the scientist the US government appointed to review Nikola Tesla's papers at the time of his death. coincidence? I think not.
Shameful no mention of Nikola Tesla you people are total complete sell-out frauds! Tesla's ideas will Triumph no matter how much you try to ignore him. ????
so if I make I light bulb light up with a lemon does that mean I'm gay- I mean a battery?
This guy kills us with information, yet so easy to comprehend
To be fair, you have to have a very high IQ to understand the impact of Nikola Tesla. The importance is extremely subtle, and without a solid grasp of theoretical physics most of the work will go over a typical viewer's head. There's also Tesla's nihilistic outlook, which is deftly woven into his characterisation- his personal philosophy draws heavily from Narodnaya Volya literature, for instance. The fans understand this stuff; they have the intellectual capacity to truly appreciate the depths of this science, to realise that they're not just funny- they say something deep about LIFE. As a consequence people who ignore Nikola Tesla truly ARE idiots- of course they wouldn't appreciate, for instance, the tragedy in Teslas invention "The AC current," which itself is a cryptic reference to the work of Prior Greek Natural Philosophers. I'm smirking right now just imagining one of those addlepated simpletons scratching their heads in confusion as Teslas genius wit unfolds itself on their television screens. What fools.. how I pity them. ?? And yes, by the way, i DO have a Nikola Tesla tattoo. And no, you cannot see it. It's for the ladies' eyes only- and even then they have to demonstrate that they're within 5 IQ points of my own (preferably lower) beforehand. Nothin personnel kid ??
Its like you wanted to avoid the name behind AC and then comments exploded, i dont know why his name is so hard for this channel to say
Westinghouse but No Tesla?
Tesla? how no mention about him?,,,
Who exactly is Orsted, & what is his history???????
Benjamin Franklin but no Tesla??? Why???????
5:10 you show the wires repel when the current flows opposite directions but you have the magnetic field going in the same direction. One of those wires should be showing the magnetic field going clockwise. Both wires are showing counterclockwise. Use the right-hand rule your thumb shows the direction of the current and your fingers curl in the direction of the magnetic field.
Are you going to have an episode on psychology?
Grrrrr - it was Tesla's AC, not Westinghouse's. Westinghouse bought Tesla's patents and funded the first large scale AC generation at Niagra Falls. The current wars were between Tesla and Edison.
Obvious omission to get people commenting.
Alright everyone take a chill pill, they said they'd talk about Tesla in an upcoming episode. You know these guys and their love for knowledge, you think they'd casually forget about such an important figure?
Frankenstein got an honorable mention and no Tesla in an electricity historical.... That's just wrong and frankly rude too....
Crash Course: I'm the best source of information because I'm one of the most popular YouTube channels. YouTube: Nope, I am because your little "channels" are nothing without me. Internet: That's ironic because I was thinking the same thing about the both of you. Computer: All three of you guys shut up. You guys would just be an idea if it wasn't for me. Electricity: Keep talking, bitches!
Good guy JP Morgan, we should be thankful to bankers... and Russians can't possibly have contributed to humanity, Tesla who?
two magnets repelling each other inside a coil of copper wire might work? i don’t that Michael Faraday tried it... ?????????
Are you going to mention that Tessa may be a vampire
i want a photovoltaic hauksbee generator ??
Where is Tesla
Mitochondria is the powerhouse of the cell.
I'm sure scientists those days started a bit of a resistance after Ohm published his piece, though they immediatly saw the potential use of Volta's work.
Die herrschende Geschichte ist die Geschichte der Herrschenden.
Thomas Edison: The Corporate Scientist
Hank: "Edison promoted capital punishment using an electric chair." Me: "....Wait. What?" Hank: "Next time we'll follow Edison during the second industrial revolution." Me: "No wait-" Hank: "Crash Course History of Science is filmed in the Dr. Cheryl C. Kinney Studio-" Me: "Hang on go back. What did you say about the electric chair??"
Suck my balls!!!
I wonder if we'll have a third industrial revolution, this time in space. Or have we already had the third one and are we waiting on the fourth?
Westinghouse < Tesla. Pretty bummed, crash course.
What of Nikola Tesla??
I'm sure Tesla will be a part of an episode with other pioneers of telecommunications like Marconi and Bell. In the meantime, don't get so riled up that you forget that Faraday and Maxwell are possibly the two greatest scientists of all time.
We need a science about blood pressure an cholesterol is it really bad for you or is it a good thing what if hen you have high then its healing your beter when you use medicine maybe it's stopping with healing
Can you make an episode on the history of wireless electric communication? Starting from the Telegraph or may be before to the latest satellite/submarine cable communication? And the physicists behind it? Thanks.
Frankenstein is not a doctor.
So no Tesla yet?
INCREDIBLE ABHISHEK
I know edison as an old fool that electrocuted animals
Couldn’t even manage to acknowledge Nikolo Tesla?
These are the greatest videos on YouTube. ??
So is there going to be an episode on Hamilton Euler and Gauss about the advances in mathematics during the 16th century?
Thomas Edison is history’s great hack. So many of ‘his’ greatest inventions were not his. The man was a complete arsehole and should never have been celebrated.
Leyden jar, i.e. the capacitor?Pieter van Musschenbroek?
I love electricity, it represents light and information and it can't be weponized. Electricity is my friend. I have electric bike and it helps me to become an electric flow, both physically and mentally in the lovely streets of Amsterdam. Seriously guys, it's surreal, unreal, so grateful.
But muh laws of electrolysis!!1! - Faraday, probably
The topic of electricity and no mention of Tesla? Wut? Just Westinghouse?!
Why has nobody commented on the fact that they didn't mention Tesla?
You know Edison didn't invent the light bulb?
You sir are supporting quackademia by not mentioning Nick Tesla and the total lack of ethics of Edison
11:40 Didn't we already cover thermodynamics?
Can't wait for the new Volta and Ampere cards, ...oh wait, wrong video.
Edison was a kind of Steve Jobs. Incapable of inventing anything on their own, but amazing at popularising ideas.
Not one mention... At all... Of Nikola Tesla.... Seems incomplete.
Everyone, crash course said they're going to talk about Nikola Tesla in a future episode, so take it easy, please:). Dear crash course, I watch your channel almost every day and Nikola Tesla is my biggest hero, so imagine how sad I was to find that he wasn't given a mention in this video, but it's okay, as long as you do dedicate some screen time for him because more people need to know about Tesla and he truly is important to the history of science, no doubt about that. I hope you keep your word, crash course. Other than that, great video, fabolus animations, as per usual. Keep up the good work. Thanks! :D
Westinghouses AC? Hahah tell your script writter to do a better research, maybe you will sound smarter next time. Tesla would be spinning in his grave if he heard you talking.
Is a simple geek. Hears Magneto, checks comments for X-men jokes.
Petting the cat....*is a trap*!
10:00 strange line for todays basis, cause it's now a basic need.
This is why I love this channel! Amazing facts.
Will there be a second episode on thermodynamics or is it a mistake? 11:50
So Volta created the first Batter? What about the Bagdad Battery?
Boy, Im really Amp-ed by this episode.
0.75× ??
Wasnt ørestred trying to prove that there was no relation between magnetism and electricity?
This guy looks like “John Green” on budget... ????
I really appreciate how well all of the developments in electromagnetism were covered in a few minutes, without leaving any of the scientists involved. Next week's episode is displayed as "Thermodynamics", and not The Second Industrial Revolution. I kindly request you to edit it in the description. This is an absolutely remarkable video series and that's why I want it to stay awesome!
Did Galvani ever get a lower case letter, or did he just get galvanization named for him? Thomas Edison was a criminal thug.
Okay I have a small nit to pick: it says Next Episode: Thermodynamics at the end, but you already covered that last episode.
I've noticed that a lot of these YouTube educational channels do not mention Nikola Tesla as much as they should, when they even mention him at all... What's going on?
No mention of Tesla?
I was going to mention Tes.... looks at comments Oh, nevermind.
AC/DC
Westinghouse ac? Ha. Wow.
capitalist funded video only glorifies capitalist inventors.
"This Episode is Powered by General Electric"
Wee need a whole video on Tesla now
Tesla? Nicholas Tesla??
I just learned about electricity in Engineering class
before calling it "electricity" what did they call the phenomenon these people were studying?
Crash Course Linguistics
Very grateful for this series, thank you for the knowledge.
CrashCourse, Do a serie about history of medicine, surgery, antybiotics or something about
Umm why didn't they talk about Nicola Tesla?
Tesla. Just say it. TESLA. I was sure he would say it. Edison didn't have much to do with the electric grid because there was no way to efficiently convert high voltage DC to low voltage DC so there was no way to transport DC power through a grid. You were doing so well until the end.
Feels like Mr. Tesla will have his own special video. How accurate is this prediction?
At 5:09, the magnetic field lines around the current should be reversed when the current is reversed.
Wasn't the kite key at the bottom with a leden (sp?) Jar?
Because Tesla is overrated and was no physicist. Coulomb ampere faraday and maxwell we’re responsible for em and I think we should have called the unit of magnetic flux density after faraday as he came up with the idea of flux
I was wait for Tesla.
hello!
Come on Hank, I want to hear about Maxwell's silver hammer.
I am still wondering about the Leibniz ... You got Amper and Ohm pronunciations correctly.
I thought batteries were found as far back as ancient Egypt
Couple Problems Kids.... #1 ) There is Archeological Evidence of of" Ancient Metal Galvanizing" (look it up) in china, the Middle East and South America that shows that ancient peoples had at the very least a practical knowledge of electricity hundreds of years prior to Europeans.# 2)The First Battery that is known to be made is the "Iraq Battery" (look it up) it was invented centuries earlier in what is called Iraq in the Middle east (by at least 500 years). #3) Thomas Edison took credit and and had patents applied for in his name for various inventions he did not actually invent (many of these were actually invented by a fellow named Tesla who worked for him at Menlo Park among others [I strongly encourage you to look Tesla up and interestingly how a technology that would have made electricity less profitable for people like J.P. Morgan was scuttled and those that wanted to Monetize electricity) #4) Tungston was the first commercially viable material incandescent lighting elements, not carbon and being commercially viable was EVERYTHING Edison was about).
Edison the psykopat.
How would a DC grid system even work? Without induction (inherent to AC) you can't transform voltage up high enough (dropping current low enough) to transmit over long distances without losing a lot of power to heat from the resistance of the transmission cables themselves.
Hank needs a plaid t-shirt to complete this ensemble.
weird coincidence: a prisoner was westinghoused with electricity in tennessee today (the first time in a long while)
Tesla is overrated . Change my mind
Therefore making Thomas Edison the Senator Palpatine of his day,,, as the Death Star is nothing more than a huge power plant, and energy delivery system which would allow for dramatic population growth within the galactic infrastructure. (Sure we all like to fancy that in such a future, a bit of electricity should be nothing to build a death star about,, but as with all growth, infrastructure projects also continue to get bigher, requiring more and more energy at once.)
guys they're gonna cover Tesla in a future episode they replied to the comments :^) yall can chill now
Ion: Magnet's how the ****** do they work? Plato: Well...the Stone of Hereclea...
The number of puns in this episode is Yeah I'm going to say it Shocking.
Edison is a fraud.
slightly disappointed that the "current war" only got less than 1 minute... and I didn't even hear the name Tesla :(:(
This video was obviously funded by Edison
Tesla: they left me......(sad song playing)
Tesla?
Thank you ! Love from Morocco .
Tesla?
Post notifications are now on. The thermodynamics course will be ??.
Honestly how can you talk about Electricity for more then a minuets without talking about Nikola Tesla...
Mary Shelley's novel contains one paragraph mentioning electricity: "Before this I was not unacquainted with the more obvious laws of electricity. On this occasion a man of great research in natural philosophy was with us, and excited by this catastrophe, he entered on the explanation of a theory which he had formed on the subject of electricity and galvanism, which was at once new and astonishing to me. All that he said threw greatly into the shade Cornelius Agrippa, Albertus Magnus, and Paracelsus, the lords of my imagination; but by some fatality the overthrow of these men disinclined me to pursue my accustomed studies. It seemed to me as if nothing would or could ever be known. All that had so long engaged my attention suddenly grew despicable. By one of those caprices of the mind which we are perhaps most subject to in early youth, I at once gave up my former occupations, set down natural history and all its progeny as a deformed and abortive creation, and entertained the greatest disdain for a would-be science which could never even step within the threshold of real knowledge. In this mood of mind I betook myself to the mathematics and the branches of study appertaining to that science as being built upon secure foundations, and so worthy of my consideration."
Dislike for not even mentioning Tesla. And thief Edison gets entire next episode just for himself.
Educational!
Edison ? Grid!!!!! Quite the opposite.
Sorry, but I see no excuse to call AC in this context the "Westinghouse AC". By this criteria you should call DC the "J.P. Morgan DC", yet you call it "Edison DC".
I'm only echoing everyone else but, no Telsa - really?
FIRST 40 COMMENTS ~Rox
I want to be a famous scientist and have an unit with my name.
I'm pretty sure electricity wasn't involved in Mary Shelly's version of Frankenstein. The lightning wasn't a thing until the first movie in 1931.
"Ben Franklin...no real epistemic knowledge" !?!?! [citation needed] Ben Franklin DISCOVERED positive and negative charges of electricity. A feat that would have earned him a Nobel Prize in Physics...if such a thing existed back then. Please redo/edit that slight to Mr. Franklin!
It's okay a "history of science" not having Tesla... it's not ok actually the fact that Hertz was forgotten
Is this guy related to it’s okay to be smart guy. He looks just like him
where can i get those beautiful gear bookends?
Ok I'm not religiously offended like some in these comments but it is very odd you didn't mention Tesla, considering you talk about Westinghouse and he invented AC ... Regardless of whether you'll be covering him in future episodes, its a huge oversight for this video as a unit.
Frankenstein had nothing to do with electricity. The method for giving life was never described in the book, the shocking was added in the movie.
Why no John Green?
And no mention of the greatest. Tesla.
Careful there, you're triggering Tesla's fanboys
Where’s mr Telsa on this story?!?!
How could you talk about electricity and not mentioning Tesla?!!
A history of electricity and not talking about Nikola Tesla hhhhhhhh yet talking about Edison... total joke
how could you not mention Tesla?
This is very obscure..... But your jacket reminds me of Chris Hadfield (astronaut) Both time I've met him, he had a very similar jacket on
Science ?? is the best subject in school.
Why no Tesla
Hank should’ve been a science major. He’d be an amazing student.
Tomorrow i w'll hve ELECTRICITY Examination, Thanks it helps Me alot??????
????
Came to show some love ??
I get soooo hyped everytime a new one of these comes out
thumbs up oi
Wishing all a beautiful week
Resist much, obey little.
Do a video on the life of Patrick Buchanan
first
Yeah, new video!
Yes but this damm is MADE IN CHINA
Good information, but don't blame China
Wait. 6.5 inches a year, and China added .8 to that.
2:58 f u China
2:34 gtrampers will cringe hard
Dam son. THATS A LOTTA DAMS
I thought the earthquake in Chile caused it
What a fucking stupid idiots
There's dam goats all over the dam place! Percy Jackson fans, hello?
Why do you think that moment of inertia is crazy!
You thinking is similar to the flat earther.
In 47,650 CE, one premature ejaculator will thank china for giving him one more second to satisfy his significant other
Who cares?
That was a Dam nice transition to the Brilliant AD
Eat your heart out USA! Not Yankee Doodle Dandy but YANGTZE DOODLE DAM-dest!
Was that a fact or a commercial!? ??
China ruining the planet and itself
Any irony for building a WALL....?
How can a dam slow down the earth if there was the same exact amount of resources as when the Earth was first made
Lol the made a dam for the pig who will get drown Pig=xin jin ping
Um , Is that a GOD DAM?
false.. earth don't rotate... if the earth moving rotate how the aeroplane want to landing if the earth moving faster than aeroplane
I have beat you. “damn that donkey has a damn gorges ass”
Warhammer 40k reference... Noice
If something happens to our beautiful world tha god spent 7 days making.. blame China
One shitty contry which knows only hacking even mother nature
What they didn't explain is how it affected the earth's orbit. In the next 7.5 billion years we'll probably come into contact with a large planetary body because of that shift in orbit. But who cares. No one will exist. YouTube won't exist. It probably already doesn't exist
God dammit
So nothing?
If global warming keep going at current rate the same will cause a more fucking damage than this meaningless earth rotation slowdown.
Bro why u rapping?
Stop nonsense, don't fool people..
Take this Earthe Flaters
Silly, what about the rising sea level then...
China is Launching Artificial MOON which will Effect Earth
Lol New Zicelosta Rahamanda.
China builds a bunch of bullshit building's and dams crowding the earth with bunch of crappy Shit...what a waste of time ...and Money...China really Sucks balls...
oh cmon its only 1 second, that not much ???????? we need moree
Thats why we have an extra leap year, God made it perfect and the flood messed it up.
Drink .7 ltr of scotch.watch these video.then scrarch your head.
I said the same thing about America shipping mass amounts of marble,slate,and other heavy shit to America plus the weight of the homes added to one land mass has to have an effect on the rotation of Earth though small it still has to effect the rotation
Yes..the Chinese dictator must dissarm
more ???
who dislikes this? *CHINESE PEOPLE*
Earth doesn't rotate but the universe does Thought i has been proved ??
Stupid asshole
That's why WE DONT NEED any chineae live on this world!
Burn china ...a cruel nation..cruel for earth.... China is power hungry and Don't care about anything else except its own.
But why??
Wt abt skyscrapers? It will extend the mass away from centre, will it not reduce moment of inertia of earth same as the way this dam is doing?
But how much do the skyscrapers slow our earths rotation down? Isn't that an important thing?
Sleep 0.60 nanoseconds longer Made in China
Birthday.. (previous) 5 4 3 2 1 HAPPY BIRTHDAY!! Present Fiveeeeee Foooouuuuurrrrrrrr Threeeeeeeeee Twwwwwooooooo Onnnnnnnnneeeeeeeeeeeeeee Haaaaapppppyyyy BIIIIRRTTHHHDAAAAYYYY
then ocean doesnt affecting world rotation ?
Has it changed the value of our gravity. Anyway a big salute to china's Dam.
Omg this actually works! 1. Hold your breath for thirty minutes 2. Die
Chinese and muslims , problem of planet
Kya faltu video h poora chodu bana rha h
Stupid ...Dom or no dam water always on planet earth only.. what about big ocean ...does water flow to Mars without dam...damm dammm
TF CHINA THANKS A LOT FOR MAKING THE EARTH MOVE 0000.6 SECONDS SLOWER UGH LETS BLAME CHINA
So you're saying I could have gone home from school earlier
You are fking retards
Tnk china bcoz they slowed down aging Longer sleep, Longer chrismas eve, halloween, And Longer s8x night Pls make another dam
a earthquake let the earth rotate even slower so,,, what a bullshit video. it's true, but it don't makes a big problem. Not even a small problem. Just a problem that makes 1 day now 0,00000006 seconds longer.. :-|
Transitions so smooth
what a fucking nerd
just me or hes actually rapping
It's amazing the craps CIA propaganda comes up with these days. Lmfao
that doesn't make a difference ??
??? ?????????????????????????
Then how about Pacific Ocean weight it will stop the earth...
Daang so sck of fcking americunts complaining each and every thing about china they are so jealous of it since china is ahead of them on both development and economy
that’s trippy so, in theory, me raising my arm to the sky is slowing down the rotation of earth? obviously, it’s such a small amount it may never even be measurable, but it’s neat
Man I really want to speed up Time but at the same time I won’t have enough time to play Fortnite
Really?
If they were building new clear power stations, they would have problem with radioactive waste. With coal thermoelectric plants they would have Carbon dioxide emissions. There is no clean and cheap way to produce energy. The hydroelectric dams are the less harmful and profitable way to produce electricity.
Probably in the top 10 most useless videos I've watched in 2018.
I just knew China would find some way to screw us all.
No wonder it felt so slow
I think you need to check your math , and it's all HRC's fault ......she is why everything and anything sucks ,is wrong, or doesn't work correctly
Is there a difference between magnetic north and rotational north, and if so, how big is it?
Fuck China
Imagine what other planetary objects can do even at great distances. The ancients were smart enough to know...
That dam is insignificant to have slowed down the earth’s rotation but that’s my opinion
So china is change the world ,go china go
Climate Change... City Growing are another reason...cause the Urban Concentration (and weigh) is increasing... Pollution is just one small reason....the Axis Move is the greatest reason but,,,,nobody talks about it...cause it's not economically convenient...
How can it slow down a flat earth
It is a demonstration with a major FLAW. Your theory of "object moving in a circular motion circulates slowly when its size expands and circulates in a faster way when size is compressed" is only applicable on earths surface where elements of friction such as air or air pressure, gravity etc are present. But this theory is not applicable in space where the earth is moving in a circular motion as there is almost no elements for friction around the earth.. So the the speed of the EARTHS ROTATION WILL BE REMAIN THE SAME.
Next video "How US is the reason ISIS existed"
Damn this is hilarious ?? I love the bs they are spewing.
Very interesting video.
NEW ZICELOSTA RAHAMANDA ???? HAHAHAHAHAHHAA
Gog n magog
This is not logic!
Also make a video abouy how america is killing the earth .
They just dont give a dam.
Talk about dam. I live along the Columbia river where we have the 6th biggest dam, plus I live within a 160 km radius of 6 dams along the same river. Gotta love cheap electricity
Whatever there is on earth has not came from mars. So how could a dam construction could affect the rotation of earth? Btw i havent watched the entire video
China is fucking up everything on earth.
really?
It didn’t slow down they just took resources FROM the earth and just purified the materials
What would be the effect of a space elevator?
How a massive Hoe broke my heart
I cringed very hard with that sponsor transition
I just got an erection. How much did it affect earth's rotation speed?
How Trump does destroys our planet ?
ksom china
fuck the chinese!!!!!!!!!
But all the other dams in the world...?
Things come against the nature eventually will suffer big consequence
DAM you china I am sorry I’ll go die on a corner
Stop sending us dust china
This channel should be called half as smart.
oh no i have to study 0.00000006 sec... This is so sad Mom This is so long pls
Taiwan is part of China.
I wonder if any important events were impacted by this 60 ns delay. A game winning 3pointer didn’t count because it was 60 ns late. A car accident occurred because someone’s alarm clock was 60 ns late in the morning.
Fuck you that's just dumb
lmao my fcking ass of I call this Bull shit lmao good one good joke the funny part is that there is ppl who believe this sht
China is destroying Earth
By the year 47 650 CE a whole second will be added on to the day but everyone alive today will be dead in about 130 years or so
I just wanna be alive when a day is 1 second longer so that i can sleep for that extra second ????
China will soon start testing nuclear bombs on others land. It is the fiercest imperialist in the garb of communists
This is most absurd thing i ever heard that u can slow earth spin with dam.
*slows
so i wasted close to 5 minutes to learn china will delay earths spin by 1 sec in 40000 years... simply wtf:@
China is rich so they do everything they wanted until one day they’ll get themselves into troubles
Bomb that country
Uhh... Do all the "made in china" things cause trouble to the world?
That's why I wake up very late....... ??????
YYYEEEETE
Hope you realize the magnetic poles have shifted north pole is in Canada and south pole has left Antarctica already...do s video on that because that's fact.
Fuck you China
So its China fault that the earth is slowing down
Brilliant!
i m here to see how this insane China bashing can be pulled off…
What effect does slow rotation have on speed of time?
China number two
Somebody stop them
Damn.
Fook this mate
The earth is flat!!!!
I guess China doesn’t give a dam
You got me at New Zicelosta Rahamanda
Hahahaha...
If they want to slow down the earth they should move all MacDonalds and KFCs to Texas, the shear weight of Americans relocating to the south is strong enough to stop earth. #Fatasses
China number 1
Everything blame China, same with Trump, western Media
Genius at work
Wonder what kinda effect a space elevator is gonna have??
BS
damn china
China has become just like their products
Dam communists
Bsdk dhire dhire bol jara
Trump's great wall will make it slower....
Blame China!!
any credits to https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qVjGE0bPOhY ???
fucking commies
Damn ...
The speaker speaks so fast i don't even understand what he's saying.
Extra seconds doesn't matters!
Lol
Human beings getting extra time to destroy them self’s (changing earth’s equation)
Lmfao
That’s why I’m angry at night
Click bait
Was that dam MADE IN CHINA ?
Hey China? Why don't you uhh Nuke up that dam right now eh? It's pretty damn hot in here and I would like snow. E H
When you want to complain about something, you can always count on China
China is the reason y i dont get time to do my homework!!! Oh w8 it made day longer ;-;
Relocating 1.2bn pple really???
China rules the world
God damn
Yeah Mr. Half as everything! Yeah science!
I thnk you are mad, the time delay is negligible.
oh dam
?????????
Damn blame china for wasting a nanosecond of our lifetime
Sorry but that's not how that works.
Dam
Clickbait
Dont worry my fart will speed up earth's rotation just point me in the right direction...
Damn big Dam!
more duration of day the more time to melt the glaciers
I love how you seamlessly advertise Brilliant.org at the end of the video. Subscribed!
Earth doesn't move! Use your senses!
Looks like we can do more than we though we were capable of...
Damn
Three Gorgeous Dam
Build a large enough dam and we'll literally fall into the sun
Irrelevant
SO MANY FOOL THINK WITH ASS
Very smooooth. From content to sponsor add. You still get my ????
Please tell me the name of the song in the background from 2min 18secs I have been searching it on epidemic for so long but could not find it anyway very good video thanks
When I hear ¥200,000,000,000 I'm like DAMN or DAM?? Bad puns??
They added 0.000000000000000000000001 second wao idiot.
Seriously wahhh
Anyone wanna sleep longer? Ask CHINA
Dam.
Made in China
More importantly they made the Yangtze dolphin go extinct because of that dam. One of two inland species of dolphin in the world is now gone forever because of the Chinese. What to expect huh?
??right!??
Damn this is a clickbait... next video: how a fart enlarged the ozone hole
4:13 even a fictional phone in a video, yet you need to put a notch on it. but why. that alone make days longer by 1 second.
I was late for because this dam in china. Have you got 4.55 minutes to see a youtube video explaining it? - my boss wasnt having it :|
Damn Chinese
0:22 the other kind of ccp in the lower right corner is on hell of a game development team. They made probably the best MMO of all time Eve online
So is the earth still considered flat ??..........
Who would win. Planetary physics or a load of commie bois?
DAMn
that dam is made in china
Why there is warchamer 40k logo 3:10
Sheep
Fucking Chinese....
Shut up
Damn. What A Dam!
heckin’ China my brethrin
WHO said You cant buy timer?
Ohh i was afraid i had put up on weight but nie i knows its becouse od chinese people
That segue was flawless... "My phone can throw of the earth????... wait it was a transition." Well played.
Ok, now I wanna know exactly wtf they are going to do about fixing it and putting it back the way it was before they started pissing around with my day? Cheeky buggers, making me wait longer for Red Dead Redemption 2...??
What is this bullshit! They should take this channel off yt
So my birthday time is a lie!!??
dont worry guys, it wont last long
china at it again
That ad transition was so smooth
Was there a need to go into China's politics to deliver the main message of this video?
It's an American telling this so this is a lie American say this to start a new war for new jobs for making weapons to sell to Saudi Arabia. We just need to delete them except for Elon Musk. Elon Musk for President of the world, and Vladimir Putin for emperor of the universe, and Kim Jung Un for Lord of the multiverse.
China is ruining the world
He went so smooth to the add
What a pointless waste of time and resources this video is lol
Half as creative.
DAMN
talking wayy too fast bro
God dam that’s a lot of damage
China, they want it biggest/number one
I wonder if Burj Khalifa did anything as such.
Not actually.... Coz Antarctica also loosing huse amount of weigh coz of global warming... It's affecting more than china's dames as comparison... I tnk it's a diplomatic way to represent China as a bad country...
And we should believe this bullshit???
Thats why I hate china
ALL THE DISLIKES ON THIS VIDEO WERE GIVEN BY THE CHINESE ????????
Fuck off China
Now I have to wait longer for Christmas
Dam you future
So watching this video did nothing but waste my 295 secs
Dam it - China, probably
Aye go head china
Fucking china
*lightens the earth rotation, because the time moves fast and we dont notice it
Haha at last I had finish watching this joke.
Dam i was a whole 0.0000006 seconds late for work!!!
Got dam it China!
Little boy and fat man
Dammit... I got clickbaited.
Sunus balayee.. kar kaema kaara!!! ?Shabaash gobur!!
Hey talk a little bit slower ok? Are you late to take the flight?
What can I do with that 60 ns ...? More time spend with wife???
Wow!! Interesting channel.
Is this really true ? I am seeing this in YouTube that's why I am asking
Full time foolish..... You better take about flat earth .. intelligent..
Go metric man
No worries. Nature will balance it.
you western people are privileged in population and etc but countries like China and India are not so we build coz we need not for amusement like u people spend a fortune for old rusty vintage cars u have the liberty we don't and give a official statement of world science forum about your claim.
You should get Nobel prize , it was so interesting that I slept.
Fuck china
damn.
another reason why china is bad for the earth
But the earth is flat
!!! IMPORTANT !!! My fart just enlarged an ozone hole in pur atmosphere. If you want to know more, carry on watching this bulshit! If you believe in this you surely must believe in Smurfs right?
It's unappropriate nd worthless
Sience let me guese its about 000000000003% something you cant feel see or notes or even mesure! Only people with money allooooot of money. Trust me they say its there so it is... ugh...
Shit i am gonna age fast??
youtube should have a drug testing before making a channel??????
So we can made a very big dam and stop this fucking ball of rotation
Baby your time is up
That 0.0000006 sec feels a hour in boring classes. China you are ruining my life
Damn dam where did u get these
THANK YOU CHINA NOW I HAVE LONGER SCHOOL CLASSES????
I think US Hoover dam will compensate some problems created by this dam.
Impossible...
Yo mom so dam big she slowed the earth's rotation as long as you played in sports.
Wasted 5 minutes of my time to find out that i have to work 0.000000006 seconds longer everyday
DamN
Thanks by the WAY China!
Damn fucking china they must die
It should be Russia.
1.2K dislikes are from the flattards that believed this was a myth.
I looked up three gorges dam on google maps and I saw a truck on water!
so that's why last year's winter was so long and why summer was a little bit longer this year.
Thanks China for giving me extra time to catch all my deadline at work.
What a shit !!!! Shut up u clickbait..
Are you in hurry to go to pee?!! Why you speak so fast?
Daammm daniel
Blame China on everything Jk
When i heard the year's number.. I was like.. F.. k you. I'm outta here.. I thought it's something more significant.. It's just ridiculous.. smh
Why to watch a 4:55 seconds videos just for 60 nano seconds?
Kamal Raja
That is daaaamn high
didn't noticed that without this video... let's live like nothing happend ??
Yo mama is so fat, when she woke up from her sleep, the earth's rotation is slowed down
Thats why i love Thanos.
What's the music name ?
Fucking video
Hmm! Should I care?
Use mind.
No wonder school feels like forever
Yesterday i peed facing east , i would have also slowed the earth
Whenever I go to China my eyes automatically tunes in to 16:9
and china your damn mama's are so fucking big that slow earth and please close the dam or U.S gonna FUCKIN DESTROY DA DAMN DAM FOOOOOOL
hey china all country blame you because gorgeous and use ENGLISH MOTHAFUCKA
that new country tho, new zicelosta rahamanda
1m43s So not Northern Ireland?
That is BS...nothing on the earth can't impact the earth. .not even all of earth explosion combined with 5000 tsar bomb
Next thing we know Flash comes and not only does he fuck up the timeline but he also speeds up the rotation by 8 hours
Your intros sound a lot like RealLifeLores videos. ??
???????????? Seriously?? Im sure this guy voted trump..
Actually the theory you are using is depending upon the Earth climate in outside the space this theory does not work
God dam mit china
Dam... No wonder school feels longer than usual.
Breaking news: China causes global warming
after global warming now china?.... how about build wall in mexico border ?,its slow down too?,...
I don't think so, everything we made is coming from earth we are only converting it to other shape
What the fuck is next? How China caused fucking Hawaii to erupt? How fucking irrational! ??
My ears aren't fast enough for this video
You started in China and ended in USA, brilliant.
I just wasted 4:54 of my life
I’m sorry the year 45000? Earth will be gone by then
Thanks china, now my day is 0.00000006 seconds longer ????????
hahahahahahha
I like how no one is taking this seriously. Keep it up China, I can sleep 2min more.
Dam it China Do you get what I did there Me- Please kill me
God dam China for building this dam making school time more dam longer
A full 60 nanoseconds?!? Damn your dam China
There is a Chinese meme:+1s
If only earth spun...
Lol who types Hai
0:14 dam son
What the hell... Everything that changes it's altitude affects earth rotation.... Why blame dam??
That’s a Bull shit dumbass... it really doesn’t matter wether they build or they don’t. Even if they don’t store water it’s gonna go mix in oceans..so it’s gonna be same water weight
India wale like thoko
Now I can sleep for longer thanks to China
Lol blablabla...
Damn china
Dam video
Oh fuck off
Where did u learn your science , who is your teacher , is there any hospital for mentally challenged people near your home ? Plz join there as soon as possible
im so pissed, how dare they make my miserable days longer!
They do not forget new Zealand yea
So, that's why I thought the day was a little longer.
A ridiculous video hahahahah
Is this the reason I feel like seasons are coming a little earlier than usual
???
Damn.
The better iconic duo is shark boy and lava girl
And indians think they are at par with china.... monkeys know ur place alright.....
Dam!
I HATE THE RED MENACE??????
X doubt 60 nanoseconds thats actually quite a lot when you compare earths size with the dam, This has to be fact checked, theres many "science" channels like these on the internet that spew out shit just for views, one channel said how if u detonated a TSAR bomb in the Marianas trench you could split the would in half, fucking idiots.
I don't believe it
I try to accept your differences China. But for God's sake
world need to attack china and distroy it because although this speed reduction in not big deal . But, with the speed they are forcefully diverting waters from tibetian platues is real cause of concern . It is affecting global temprature by changing glacier size. Risking humanity at large scale with these man made blockages. In addtion, they have started large scale minning in these areas near junction of two gaint techtonic plates like eurasia and Indian plate.
Wow this is next level anti china propaganda
How is it making the earth heavier by using resources already used on earth
Damn China ???? dam
Dam u china!
1:43 that’s not Iceland...
Dislike for that ad oh god
well oh dam
2:53 what about the law of conservation of mass?
the earth is flat
Lag
I=MR^2 even if the dam was not constructed , the mass would remain the same. the only fact that acculumated water changed was the centre of gravity of that particular volume and not that of the earth.
Okay, China has to stop this. This is a massive change to human population... WE HAVE TO END THIS!!! THIS IS NOT GOING TO END WELL!! LAUNCH THE GODDAMN NUKES TRUMP!! WE HAVE TO STOP THIS, ITS RUINING HUMANITY, WE HAVE TO STOP CHINA FAAST!!!
Fuck you moron
Every time a baby is born, it slows the earth by 0.000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000001 of an atom
Wtf!
How you make these videos please tell
Yeah sure let’s start laying blames on each other. America builds no damn and it’s all China’s fault.
A lot of talk.. but can you prove anything you said.
China #1
infographic? is that you?
Pure bullshit no way that dam can slow down the rotation of the earth.
1 sec longer isn't an issue. I've just wasted 10 seconds writing this comment.
Next vid. How China fucked up the atmosphere
I can't think of a good comment
wth but u are taking the resources from earth and building it on earth dafuq
When the water was ice back in the glaciers , it was even farther than the axis of rotation since it was on the mountains which are significantly farther than the ground so how can it slow the velocity , neither a chunk of mass from earth s core has come to surface nor a new asteroid has hit the earth making its periphery heavier than beforw
clickbait
anyone watching this while high?
So literally, they did change the world!
Any big earthquake has much more effect on earth balance and rotation. As been told in the video that dam is really microscopic in size compared to the planet it sits on.
This is yankee propoganda against the peoples republic
Building dam is irrelevant to earth rotation
I have always had a thought: could the sky scrapers and roads we build effect the mass of the earth and change the earths center of gravity?
Yeah it's like when you on the spinny thing at school when you lean out it goes slower but when you lean out in you go fucking speedy fast.
@1:58 why the colour of main river is pink and blue of other river
Mexicans and Indians farting after eating spicy food will eventually make this world uninhabitable.
WHAT THE HELL CHINA YOU SUCK NOW OUR DAY LASTS 60 NANOSECONDS LONGER
fuck you motherfucking cunt
Because it made in China
Useless video
Wow. What a segue to an ad
I stopped walking so will it slow Earth? Well that doesn't make sense so did this DAMN.
I was watching his vedio @ 0.75x and you
It's to control the yang tze flooding.
fucking shit video....
What's proof of info????!
If it is true, then Great wall of china, Burz khalifa , Eiffel Tower & all Buildings on the Earth have how much affect?
dams water cooling earth
How United States freedom of bombing other nations and the impacts of the bombing affect the rotation and course of earth? Pls make that video ya.
I wish every Chinese to die.
We should eliminate china from humanity
I think i got a bit dizzy on that spinning thing
i was not wrong, chinese people are shits
So this is why when you run for your workout, you should always run from east to west, if not, you are fking slowing down the earth rotation. The punishment for not running in the “correct” direction is...drum roll...death (or making a YouTube video admitting you slow down earth rotation).
You spend some much of your time to make a video of 60 Nano seconds??? Great
0.00000006 seconds just slow down the rotation of the earth ?? Thats dam* nothing
Thanks to China I'm never late for class
Donald Trump was right about China. Damn dam makes my college lectures last longer
China all the time, made in China, China china China haha blame them for everything
Oh. Seriously?? I can suggest a new topic " how idiot publisher slow down the earth rotation
Song at 0:01 ??
Song at the start?
China should be nuked
Does anyone really believe this bullshit?
r u kiding with me?
Same goes for cheapest version of china called India ????
Damn China thuglife
New zicelosta rahamanda ??
Really can a dam slow down earth rotation really
This much amount of water storage may cause massive earthquakes
Thank you China I love sleeping 60 nanosec longer
You cant slowe what ain't moving! 6000IQ
Damn
Plz nuke china
china is chicken country just look wisely at their shape of country
Is earth adjust it self
Operation : Anchorage
This video is wastage of time
America: China, you owe this world zero point gazillion zero seconds. POTUS: It's time my fellow Americans we shall free Chinese people from communism and bring them justice and free markets.
We need so much more big dams, they slow down time. that gives us much more time to look for a girlfriend. Thanks
I call bullshit
irrelevant ads inside video
FATASS AMURICANS SLOWING DOWN THE EARTH ROTATION
Damn China.
That waters gross asf
How does one slow the rotation of an object that doesn't move? You fool the sheeple into believing that it did. - The Earth is Flat!
Dam'n' China ????
Fk you.you make me stay awake for 0.00006 second
Earth is stationary.
Do u Know? The dam in China is bigger than earth...!
OMG 6 nanoseconds are really long BLAME CHINA! jk don’t Plz
Interesting, I wonder does the melting of glaciers in alpine areas have the opposite effect?
OH C'MON SRSLY CHINA??? NOW I DIDN'T GET TO HAVE THAT ONE MICROSECOND!!! YOU OWE ME THAT!!!
China is the only country that can breed faster than cockroaches
God damn it China, I'll be 60 nanoseconds late to school.
I Hate China!
Damn you.... Y0u C0py N1nj4s
Blah blah blah...everything is ok!!!
This is a fucking content!!!
Dam you china for making school 0.00000006 seconds longer. Dam you!!!!
clap clap clap Good job China. good job.
I'm Chinese myself but I hate China.
What can't china do?
China must be crushed and destroyed
The amount of fat people in US makes the earth slow.
???? ? ?????
Blame them for daylight savings. Those 60nano seconds add up each day.
How do u weigh the earth?
But how about the large building which are raised all over the world
Next video idea: How a single country the United States made the world fucked up with wars and shit.
DAMn
The Earth is DAMN FLAT! So no DAMN ROTATION!
Pollution
China really needs to learn what they're doing to our earth. Before you know it the world is just gonna die because China has no idea what their pollution is doing to our planet.
Dam son
Damn. Get it?
Who cares with 60nS?
I still cant understand .. Even with my age .. DAM It.. i should go back to Highschool
Haha...this bs knows no bounds.
Can you make a video on if we can change the rotation of the earth
DAMN
4:08 literally the best transition into a sponsored message ever
Yea srfu blame china, just because theres a dam dont mean china slowed the WHOLE WORLD down
What if we blow it up?
Give me a break!! The lamest justification!!!
Because it's the future dams water what Asia is going through biggest water crisis
Is this a TRUMP's Propaganda channel ??
3:20 Arctic ice is not melting, the melting that occurs is seasonal and freezes again when fall-winter return again. In fact, there's more freezing than melting occurring. Lookup the Vostok ice core samples which provided scientific proof that climate change is not human caused. Also lookup how the sun has been radiating less heat since the 90's.
God dam it China
Well Dam
name a more iconic duo: ship and shit
dam...
Just fuck you mom, she said my dick is longer than you grandpa's.
Yes, demolish you dam first.
Well.. this video is kinda stupid, you know. ALL THOSE MATERIALS ARE FROM INSIDE OF THE EARTH. OUR EARTH'S RESOURCES NOT INCREASING OR DECREASING BECAUSE ALL HUMAN INFRASTRUCTURE PROJECTS. it's never "slowing down earth's rotation". BUT IT MAKES SOME PLACES ON EARTH SINK QUICKLY. Especially the coastal cities The thing that affecting our planet is our population. THE GLOBAL HUMAN POPULATION.
Americans are the Best Storytellers
Damn
How much did the burj kalifa slow is down
So your telling me a dam that can't even be seen from space change the speed of our humongous planet
1:48 New Zicelosta Rahamanda
Skip to 3:07 to realise why you dont give a sod and save yourself 3 minutes
Thanks china ??????
LUL
This is retarded
I see, this is why USA is trying to weaken china, if china is not stopped, they will cause earth to stop rotating and USA will on the darker side, they wil be ruined China is playing music chair with earth
No worry...Superman will encircle earth to reverse it..
More reasons to hate China..
God dam it! That's huge!!
It's 2018 and I just saw a Y U NO!? meme. Thanks for the nostalgia fella
DAMmit china you did it again....
Every rotation changes the earths rotation. This isn't big
China china china china china china. CHINA!
This video should’ve been sponsored by the gorges dam
When your mom goes up stairs the earth will just stop
Now lets count the all atrocities done on humans and on earth by european and american.
So what about skyscrapres built worldwide....the total mass of total skyscrapers should be higher than that single dam
So if we throw away Gallons of ocean waters in space, will our days get any shorter ? #JustAsking Because its senseless to blame someone for building a reservoir too big that it affects the Rotational force of the planet. Common dude, there is Quadrillion + Litres of water in oceans and under the earths surface since ages, that water is only being held in reservoir, logically its just a shift of place of water, not addition to water. No, humans cant produce water, they can just take out from earth or from the oceans !!
They also cooks dogs and cats.!
Such stupidity at it’s best
Please return my 4:55 seconds you made me waste
China has a lot of mats
I don't think this is such a good thing. I remember what happened the last time we had a leap second...
...so it just slowed down the earth a little bit.
DAM YOU CHINA
DAMN YOU CHINA
Just unlike the video before watching
Does nobody know the poles are shifting?
We must have very precise equipment to calculate that. Pretty cool!
Yo Rawanda is a fake country from a film is it not?
Wow, so many numbers
Made in china
Think china for more hour to watch youtube or you mom and you dad more time to do personal stuff
Best video I've seen in a long time
Dam'n
hmm, now i have another thing to blame on china, said donald trump
Dam Chinese Communists
China ruins everything.
This is nonsense
That's a lotta DAMage!!
its always China's fault! as always
now the earth is not 24 hour xd
Made in China
Damn it dam!
Naughty America has slowed down the world development and destroying other nations... Hate you Americans... Hope yu end up in a nuclear war against the enter world..
Trying too hard to make China bad. What a loser
By this logic each time we built something.. we slowed earth?
you fulls air resistance is not supported by earth rotation
This video was made in china
New Zicelosta Rahamanda ??
I knew that there are Chinese Employees here and get paid by the Chinese Government
Thats How They Bring The X Into X': World's Population Will Exceed 9.8B By The Year 2050 And You Won't Be Able To Find A Place To Eat, *_That Is Why, GREENE HOTDOGS Always Opened For You!_* No Matter, 1990 or 3000, WE THINK FAR BEYOND!....................................................(For Eternity)
Whatever CHINA Does!!! . . . (Great Appreciation From PAKISTAN)
Is anyone gonna say it ? I will. Your transitions to your sponsors are so damn good.
Dam,that sum big dam A truly bad joke
0:19 rap god
China did what.
This is nothing but bullshit
china is hecc
And one of the dam of China broked and now the water is entering India
if the US do this it should be OK.
100% bs
This video is meaningless
Really? Lol. Hahhahaa
China is most cunt nation after USA.what do you think guys???
Sad
So I just flushed my toilet, how much does that affect the earths rotation?
Okay!
I did a double take at 3:08 when Warhammer 40000 appeared.
A dam to slow down the earth’s rot? A downright stupid idea with absolutely no scientific evidence whatsoever
D A M I T C H I N A !
DAM-mit china thats why my school hours are more S L O W E R
China is like a pussy
It applies to anything but Fuck China anyways.
The fact is only that china produces that enormous amount of electricity from one single dam
How much didn't he human race as a whole effect the earth's rotation
What the fuck is China doing I call this the Cold War
Hrm, Australia Australia dig up 817,000,000 of iron ores alone, from somewhere deep (I mean really deep), I wonder how much that slows earth
At least I got more times for sleep.
We need to nuc india and china to increase Population.
Title china massive dam slows down the earth rotation Maybe it could slow down 1 hours so 25 hours a day?????? the earth slows down 0.000006 seconds Are you fucking kidding me??
Damn you china HAHAHA??
Hey I live in New Zealand
thanks to china we have longer school days
Dam son
Damn china
die later! grow slower!
lol
How Chinese killing my country economy and my race
Damn China
This is why we must to find new earth real quick
Daaaaamn
dahmmmmm
Really???
Welp time for. More earthquakes earth we need some to speed ur ass up
Guys, who played Command And Conquer Generals?
This is rubbish. Where does all materials needed to build the dam came from? None other than from planet Earth unless it came from other planet.
“A WHOLE SECOND!” That’s a whole Ariana Grande sweetener song WOW
China, a great nation
Would it slow the Earth's rotation if every human living in a multi-storey building went upstairs?
Is it taking an affect on gravity?
No king
just fu all
Your mamas so fat that she moves the Earth's rotation when she comes down the stairs!
Im irish
Dam!
STOP CHINA
Ha ha ha ha west agenda to dethroned the east development....what the fuck is this...
....LET DESTROY THE DAM!!! Also me: let not.
7 million people also is slowing down earth
thanks china ??
Wow that was a smooth transition!!
Wow so dam crazy
I know a better duo Nagasaki and Hiroshima
What crap! I thought this channel had some rationality. It also has become a click bait.
China hacked the planet rotation speed.
Look at all the stupid morons who believe the earth is spinning a 1,000 mph. This video is more brainwashing for the stupid masses.
Dam
why im watching this xD
Blame China For Causing something Nobody cared.
Key question, who cares...
Only 1 second..in thousand of year..and u bloody fool wasted 4 mins
China no, taiwan yes
You are so daft if you believe this video. Whoever made this video needs punched in the face for being so stupid. Physics does not work that way .
I THOUGHT INDIAN POPULATION SLOWED THE ROTATION OF THE EARTH..
HOT DAMN
God damnit
I mean why tf not
Easy, Chuck Norris
please tell me.please !!! witch video aditor you use.from ??Pakistan??
This made me more younger by 000000006 seconds
GODDAMIT CHINA!! Sorry ??
NOOOOOOOO LONG SCHOOL DAY WHY!??????????????????
I BLAME CHINA BECAUSE THEY MADE THE DAY LONGER FUCK EM
I thought the earth slowed down because of the drag caused by the reservoir thingy.
Damn.....
But how is it gonna make it heavier when the materials was already on earth???
Why don't we just destroy China all country vs China how bout Dat China who win now beach
so dam crazy
Fuck China
yo, why dont we do this build more of those that it would drastically slow the earth down and we can live so much longer bc a day would last longer.
So don’t join chinese projects it’s bad for environment. Say no to xitler Belt and road project ! It will do more harm then good.
Damn
If we keep building big stuff, we will slow the rotation down by a lot
Checkmate, flat-earthers
The dam is dam big.
chuna is a bull shit country
I knew the day feels so "slow" buts you dont notice it if your a gamer
fuck it.my life already fuck up.fuck u dam
??????,??????????
It's not a DAM BIG DAM. It's a DAMN BIG DAM.
stupid...even superman cant stop rotation of earth
made in china huh
3:06 ????,?????
1:44 Iceland does not look like that wth why'd u squish it???
There is a Chinese website translated the comment section. And we Chinese can make comments on it. I am just saying, we are watching.
100 thousand percent wrong concept.
Russia: tanks driving on highways . USA stopping terrorist and looking good while doing it . China:
Dam it China
Seriously dude...
"This channel isn't about thoughtful geopolitical discussion" - proceeds to talk about politics...
DAM YOU , CHINA !!
You lost my interests at explaining the Chinese Congress. Can we leave politics out of a science show?
nope
Dam My country and Brazil made one of the largests dams
I shouldn’t of watched this stoned
china hospitals you owe me 0.00000006 seconds more before i die btw im not from china
why are we complaining thats nothing
Patanjali DAM!
Wow, China gave me enough time to jizz my pants
w aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaw
Damn you China! I missed class by 0,00000006 seconds??
Earth will slow down its rotation..... Already mention in my book ... Which i read.....1400 years ago... THE HOLY QURAN.. ALLAH HU AKBAR...
Really?
Look on the bright side, if the earths rotation slows then we’ll be lighter because gravity will be less.
Literally building anything upwards slows the earth
DAMN IT
Oh my lord, that segue near the end almost made me vomit...
Suck my dick
I can smell Bill Wurtz in this video
It's fine, we all are going to die anyways.
so dam crazy
the dislikes maybe is from china viewers and with that 60 nanosecs i could kill 1 more pubg player or win a pvp in minecraft
???ig dam
Dicks big dick
Dammit china
haha how china slow earth go and answer how this simple my questions
New Zicelosta Rahamanda
That's northern Ireland not Ireland
Dam thats big
Thanos: lets make it balance
So they used your mom as a dam?
to be honest, i think it made it faster..... the day goes by so fast where i live...
Dam I did not see that coming
??
****China has one dam boye*****
Dam.
Lol! I've dived off that board 2:37
Now blame China for slowed the Earth's Rotation? Why don't Y'all do something about it?
Dam son.
smooth plugin transition
The reason we Indians won't in hell want to be friends with China, they are too racist and selfish and harming other people and even chinese people is fine!
We should remove china from the earth
The only physics lesson i understand
Just a note it wasnt 200B dollars it was 200B Yuan which is like 30B dollars
Later, we can travel back in time, all you do is try swimming in the dams in China !
Cats use the same technique to land on feet
Dammmm
Good scientific video but politically biased. Insignificant change
The real question is how china slowed your brain massive dam theory
So what about USA hoving a damn to kyoto protocol and contributing to being the largest air polluter via automobiles????
Daaaaaaaamm dam
New Zicelosta Rahamanda
And those idiots are thinking about space elevators. .. (face palm)
Damn you China! Shakes fist
Lmao my stupid ass thought we slowed the Earth's rotation by like 1 hour
Why is this video blaming China for just 60 nanoseconds?
fight me des pa and cito
I don't care I repeat I don't care
fuck you china you alowed it down now we have less time to live
1:45 aye I hear the Bahamas ????????
DAMN
the materials that they built with are from earth so it would make no difference in the mass of the earth
.______________?
Dam, China. You flipped us off
Dam that sponsor transitiin was good.
I knew it I noticed some change.
These asian monkeys are fucking everything up
Dam shit
China should give up some of it's land so China wouldn't need to build the damp for so many people.
Umm excuse me? Ok jk, even though I’m from China (though I don’t live there) I care it slows down the earth but at the same time not really, and I don’t decide weather to build a dam or something, it’s the government that makes these choices, so I can’t just tell the government to stop making dams. Though I don’t really care
3:10 wait do warhammer 40k just went up by 7 millennia, when did that happened??????
60 NANOSECONDS!??! inhales CHINAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA
0.00006 extra seconds of school
I don't give a DAM
That Iceland now that's beautiful
Those Chinese made life worth again
This dam made my class 60 nanoseconds longer.
double pump.
SHUT IT DOWN
Dude, i hate this kind of fantasy. It's not scientific ?? U really need to learn physics
Well China ty so much for this. Now I won’t know if the time is the same.
0:14 Any percy Jackson fans here ..dammm
this is bunch of bullshit vsauce said that even mt everest is nothing but a bump of 0.2mm if earth is 1ft globe and you are saying 90m damn change the rotation lol dumbass twat disliked
GOD DAM
1like = 1 hate to China 1 comment = fuck China
great... now this world will be slower... I FUCKING WANT TO GET OUT FROM MATH CLASS
Kainis ka china ka
if Earth's rotation slows down, Technically we'll live longer
if Earth's rotation slows down, Technically we'll live longer
I want my 4:54 minutes back.
Just nuclear China for no problems
Blame China!
New Zicelosta Rahamanda
Dam. That's Quite Big!
Most Chinese Tourist's are Disrespectfull to National Monuments. Its Just my Opininon though
Soon we gonna have 29 hours per day....
This looks like a bill wurtz video
Can I believe this guy?
Fuck 60 more nanoseconds of school
Thank you China I'll age slowly now!
Made in China Intenfies
Damn
DAM CHINA
THANKS CHINA
Show this to flat earthers
I save 0.00000000000000000000006 seconds and lose +300 seconds to this vid
Damn this video is good
Dam son
No wonder I stay in school longer
0:32 that shoutout to Wendover tho, kudos to you!
Extra Thicc A$$ = Slow AF Rotation
So since the polar ice caps are melting in the future days will be way longer
does this mean school is a few nano seconds longer?
The "dam" is so big amirite?
Earth doesn't rotate, its just a theory that's wrong. It's never been proven that the earth rotates ever! Michealson Morley experiment proved that it doesn't. So this video is wrong and misleading
4:09 Subtle, my friends. Subtle.
PROPADAMDA
I picked up my phone to look at brilliant but the earth slowed down
I’ll name a better duo strawberry’s and nails
Shit I was born in 2004
What else is China to blame? Climate change?
Nice war hammer refrence
Is it a god dam?
So that's why I was late that one day. China slowed the Earth's rotation down. Wait, I would be on time...
- Its time to sleep Jimmy. + No dad! I still have 0.000000006 seconds!
now i have to be in school longer! DAM YOU CHINA
Oh no, 60 nanoseconds, i can sleep that much longer.
What did the fish say when it hit a wall? "Dam!"
Sans undertale
Oooo i think the “rod and ring” prophecy where it says “the belly of the dragon will drip water”... yeah. This.
Dam...
Jealousy
The dam did not cost $200 million. It cost close to $20 billion
Typical low IQ western media,Even Newton can't save you .You should go back to school and study classical physics for a few more years.
Huge population from west China moves to East China every year, guess that accelerates the rotation of earth a little bit.
Dayum
dam it
Bruh, you didnt lie when you said shit memes
Daaaaaam
It's easy It's a country that's why
Thx china!! Now we have to stay in school x4 now!
:C how dare you i live in it
??amn
fuck china!!! jk:)
So if it doesn't affects us then why am I watching this.
nooooo a extra second!!!
f**k you china
What kind of idiot would believe a dam can slow the rotation of the earth ? Who thinks this stuff up LOL
If China slowed time speed, we get free extra time
Even if 60 nano seconds...they managed to sloe down earth, bet the chinease will make another one bigger
fucc china
Dam it was big
They built the dams so our vietnamese people don't have water for water our crops
That dam's size is too DAM crazy
Please cite your sources, it would make the verification process of the informations validity far more convenient.
Finally i can sleep 0.000006 longer
I am messing with the Earth's rotation by jumping up and down!!
The pun in the beginning...
Dam son.
How about wakanda?
Wow just wow
Cone on how to defeat a pun By a. Damn pUNishment HOLY SHEEIIEIIIT
Brazil has a better dam
made in china
I guess we can just blame everything on China and that make things easier
the power of communism
That's why Indonesia had many earthquakes nowadays. e.g. Lombok, Palu etc.
a cup of water can slow the Earth's rotation too! by a very little bit.
BEWARE!! BECAUSE THIS IS MADE IN CHINA
HOLY S***T
2 iconic duo : Logan Paul - Dead Body
sorry I did not know we did that I'm chinese
really china
WOW
So china is making my school days longer? GOD DAMMIT!
So when a feather drop, the earth's rotation will slow
China a threat to world??
wow so smart... first of all dam with floating solar more efficiency eco friendly. 2nd more fresh water. 3rd more fresh water fishes.4 your mom are 1 of the reason why the earth slow down by 0.0000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000001 s
The only time China made something and it extended the longevity time.
INFINITE SPIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIINNNNNN (yes, this IS a jojo reference)
the most stupid and illogical video ever.
So you reckon the Earth Spins..........really........you silly people.......
The moon is a spaceship idiots
Damn, that's a big dam.
Should be called half of this is an advertisement.
*A youtuber stops the korean war* *china slowed the rotation of the earth* the world is weird af
Dam china
YOU NIBBA BLAMING CHINA
now i can complete my homework since the day is 60 nano seconds long
Wow we have found the biggest FUCKING complainer ever WOW ONLY A 0.00000006 DIFFERENCE WOW YOU SUCK
U wot m8
New Zicelosta Rahamanda What a country
THE COMMUNISTS ARE TAKING OVER THE EARTH'S ROTATION
I mean at least he acknowledged that the memes are severely outdated?
Hella good Segway my dude
all i have to say is...dam
Dam, theresa lot of dam jokes about dams.
will dislike any video with "feet"
This dam was in the world war z book
thanks china for the problem you create.... we all love you....NOT!!!!!!!!! lol......
damn son
So smooth segue
So our average day 1 hour back then? Love the world.
Fucking China Why is it always China causing Earthly problems??
A N I H C
this video was not true what so every -_- what was the point of this!?
I guess they do give a dam, and a pretty fucking big dam at that.
So, china messing with the poles and inertia is fine, but I cant buy a straw in California. Dicks.
The 67% approval rate was considered insanely controversial only because in China any government proposal requires two thirds of the delegates to vote yes to be approved. That's 66.7%. 67% is dangerously close.
I blame china for the fact I have to wait longer for my birthday! I'm gonna sue....
Us watching this video slows the Earth's rotation :D
Chinese Dragon Intensifies
But is this good or bad
Dam, that's bad. Water they thinking in when the installed this thing.
Dude, these Chinese are some damn Heretics!
???
Funny that HAI has half as many subscribers ??????
Stop blaming China for 1 second when people play fortnite for 1year
Does this mean that a damn dam is the reason that all of our lives just got 0.00000006 seconds longer?
damn, that's interesting haha get it
Well he spoke fast
0.00000 WTF Why is this a big deal.
give me my 4.14 minuts of my life beck
1:47 it should be united Ireland because em unionists are as scum
well f*** china I WANT TO BE 15 ALREADY!!!
Blaming china for less than a second? I find it pointless to even waste your time blaming them ??
Guys, go check a channel called Tahirtoo saucy. I won't say anything else (don't want to spoil it)
so, if i stand up the earths rotation slows down?
Man you talk fast!!
Im playing game of war but this one player keeps kicking my ass
What about skyscrapers and high buildings
Dirty closed eyed people who can’t drive small penis bitches.
china a good place to get sick
SCARY!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
New Zicelosta Rahamanda sound awesome!
Enough for Trump to blame China again ??
Oh come on now school get more time
Waganda shit is this
Dem China u guys are...
good job jackass you'll destroy us
Who would win: >A Planet with it's powerful natural force. Or > one dam boye?
Now I know why my salary is always late by 0.8nano seconds
You have Chinese viewers you know "their energy"
Dam it China
Thanks China ? (Seriously)
When you have a test tomorrow and you don’t have time to study so you slow down the day/night cycle
+1s
So The Earthquake On Indonesia Was Earth Trying To be Faster? RIDICULOUS
AAAAGGGGHHHHHH! rotational dynamics! They followed me to youtube! Noooooooo!
If china is gonna build MORE DAMS
So we steal 0.1 nanoseconds and earth take 1sec back by earth quake? ??
How west criticize others but totally ok doing bad thing themselves.....
You better learn some mandarin. You reading this comment. You got maybe 20 years at best. Should be enough time though.
Well, not that much effect on earth or china
Dam what have you been smoking, dam sure its dam exquisite and dam expensive dam......dam........dam.
Earth : Too Much People ! China : You Want More ? Sure !
Really? 60 nanoseconds China. :/
Too many puns
gahd-DAM
China is destroying the world!
I am surprised that the compass in the 3:18 is not made in china.
Feet.. Pound.. Wtf.. Everyone is using Metric's System.. just 2 Idiotic states are thinking they do not need it but still rely fully on the metric system..
Slow earth but when search it on google earth its just a dot on the screen
but china has low gravity.
Let's be real, do we really need China
Huh didn't except this video too be so funny and memetastic
DAMMIT CHINA
I'd rather have 60 seconds in a day then this freaking earth is spinning too fast!! This earth needs to slow down!
They were trying to stop it from flooding. How about not building a city in a flood plain?
Wow china you`re so great Hope Trump Nukes your country FUCK CHINA HEIL AMERICA TRUMP AND HITLER
One damn power 1.5% of the world largest economy sound crazy too me.
That smooth transition tho
i-i didnt remember h.a.i being this memey
will that dam fit in my civic?
God dam it china.
4:10 when he tried to reel us in the sponsor was smoothness level 9000
Wendover/HAI is so buttersmooth (evidenced by ad transitions), that I hope he never enters the same room as my significant other.
You know what's brilliant? That transition.
Oh dam
If children went to the North Pole to find santa they need to move a few inches to find it
Hmmmmm no wounder why China and North Korea are friends ??
China why would you do this to us?
earth weighs 1million septillion pounds or whatever better get working out girl
China op please nerf China idea
with that much energy you could power like 77.916 trillion hair dryers.
Yeah I felt the change.
Not going to mention that it runs at about 47% capacity?
Hecking dam China
Take that flat earthers.
Where is that thing at 3:41
i like this guy
Thank you China, very cool.
So what you gonna do for that 0.00000006 seconds in a day? I feel my IQ has been insulted.
Don't remember northern Ireland being the whole island of Ireland
well dam
I laughed at the warhhamer 40k logo popping up hahahaha
Whoops here the pjo fans come. Dam, they really reach the vast reaches of the Internet, don’t they? Wait, in pjo canon didn’t Hermes invent the Internet? Oh gods, IM INFECTED! SCHIST SCHIST SCHIST!!!
That segway though...
China is building a bigger dam in Yarlu Tsangpo river. Nice.
I love how everything china does is ridiculously scrutinized but the west can literally burn the planet down and everybody just shrugs.
Damm. It China
A more iconic duo you say? Franz ferdinand and opentop cars
The earth is toooo big and heavy to change becuase a a dam
We're updating the servers after all of this rotation changes.
Oh no an extra 1 second
Does getting a boner slow down the Earth's rotation?
sorry but i could only here 20% of your words
Fatty Americans are also slowing down our rotation, by means of shifting the mass center of the earth with their weight
Dam that was a good sponsor transition!
2:08 Why is there between two spaces four zeros?
Damn China!
Nuke China a million times who cares of they attack us just nuke'em
I bet that the Chinese government will use this as propaganda.
Dam.
Child: My day at school is longer >:v
I want to go to that dam and but c4's and explode it xD
Let's make New Zicelosta Rahamanda a real place!
dam
Lol at this video
the dam is FAKE cuz its “made in china”
I can’t think of an original joke about dams Dam it
After all it is "Made In China"
so this is why days seem longer these times
how Chinese makes the earth!we made out of u or
deez puns are so dam hard
Badchina
3:10 dat nerdout
Wtf china i thot u build fake company instead of dam damn it
Dam.
Dam Son
Damn nice vid
So it wasn't only the artificial satellites that slows the rotation.
If water on one side of the dam goes up.. then the water on the other side goes down rite? What's the point of the video..??
HOW A CHINESE DAM RUINED MY SLEEP SCHEDULE (storytime)
“New zealand and ireland”(shows northern ireland
Tf
This comment slowed down Earth by very very very tiny bit
ok, this was bullshit.
China's dam is meaningless compare to the moon and our magnetic field effects and slowing down our planet
One word: Oof
All we had to was the Follow the dam train!cj!
DAMn YOU CHINA!!!!
Damn this videos are about dam
Dam it, china
What is the scientific basis of this video?
ok, Harry Potter and the Philosopher's Stone
China... Ur dam is soo dam crazy just like ur dam as country(I’m chinese but who cares about China)
Hehehe... dam
1:20 200 billion YUAN
2:59 I died laughing
I'm from New Zealand :)
Dam son
I sleep longer now?
Too Many Dam! Joke in this Video
Guess u can say... china doesn't give a DAM internalized screaming intensifies
"dam"
delusional disorder
Owo I have Chinese money ??
Taiwan is the real China
DAM'N
Is this v sauce
Who would win: A rock floating in space that miraculously has life Or one blocky boi
See this is why i don't exercise. The less I move, the less effect I'll have on the planet.
Fuckin China, some one kill the dragon.
When I Scrolled Down The Recommended Section I Read........How China Swallowed The Earth...????????
if the earth stopped sudenly we would all be killed by inertia
Dam it China, but don't build another dam.
This China do when it sees a river? Damn it...
Is it enough to make leap years redundant
Dam Daniel!
Well dam
Damn it Jin Yang!
Now school lasts longer
You can always rely on China to ruin everything
A dam slows the rotation of the Earth ?? Pmsl! What a load of bollocks!
YEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEET
Is this bad? If so, Damnit China
Oh my fucking Q. Corporate shill! Just put a fucking banner on the video, why don't you?
wait, guys lets dig a massive ass crater in the ground, i wanna die faster pls
I'm from China. Now I know why we built that dam in the first place. We do so to screw up the accuracy of GPS so that US can't strike their missiles as accurate as before :) But serious though, it's kinda a project that's only become a thing because it was during the time when China went too lefty in the concept of socialism but didn't consider the morality of things enough (as such the design of the dam is said to be a bit faulty but being pushed to production anyway, and not enough thought is being put into all the negative environmental consequences, and up till today in China it's still something people point at and say "damn, put more thought next time"). However, there's still one valid reason that the dam should exist. China has the kind of weird geographical sturcture that the whole country is being split up into 3 stages, aka there are giant waterfalls splitting all the rivers into segments, and having a dam could extend the ferry line deeper into the continent. Basically it's good for industry as it's just awkward to land transport everything to Shanghai before being able to ship them out.
so. much. incorrect. data.
thankq china, now I can sleep more
Is this even a problem while American pumping water into the ground to get oil and burning those oil all together?
Eliminate China
Thanks China.
Damn china making me stay in school for 60 nano seconds more, smh.
Don’t really see what is the big problem, but I guess we’re blaming China as always ????
Dam it china
dankzte ???iver
how about sky scrapers, thousands of them, pyramids?
Dam
This is the swiftest shift from topic to ad i have seen in HAI.
If everyone in China bent over and farted at the same time, in the same direction the combined thrust could either speed up or slow the earth’s rotation as well.
Dam it
60 NANOSECONDS?!?! HOW OUTRAGEOUS!!!
Wow we have longer days. First the world was going to end in 2012 now this. We're going backwards.
I just knew it became an ad because his voice's tone changed.
Stop talking s*** about China. It's not nice and you know that China has had enough from western verbal bullies.
god dam it.
1:44 that is not the shape of Island
Damn China!
should ban all dam then....probably already cost us almost a miNute ...????????
smooth segway like linus xD
Build more dams until we're immortal!
Bull Fucking Shit!
Still china 1#
1 second over 46k years who cares
That wasn’t very cash money of you china
Lol Damn.....
This probably explains why I feal sleepy and board
I find it funny who people waste billions on shitty things
Anyone waiting for war, add that dam to your nuke list
That wasn't very cash money of china
New Zicelosta Ranamanda
M e m e
Yo mean if I stand from my bed, i slow down the earth rotation? Yea, I have a global effect! I'm important now!
Shut Up , the earth is still and static so stop misleading people
I'm gonna miss those 60 nanoseconds, coulda used them for something valuable... China, WHYYYYYY
That's a lotta dam-age
I will never be able to predict when the slide into the promotion comes...
This is the most click bait title, but it is so accurate at the same time.
Probably
let me guess...... it changed by 5 millimeters per month or something :P stop the clickbait
0:43 “… damn big dam.”
every part of this video is a 10/10
soooo basically https://youtu.be/-6Q3W3Y7YdY
Didnt know you could put the axis powers to this video
No, that was the beavers.
Oh no! One more second of Only War!
these damn communists keep destroying shit first the soviets with the 4rth largest lake and now this shit
So that’s why 1+1=2
This is like how teachers over react about shit
proof that global warming is a scam
DAM SON! Get it? Get the pun?
Bad map downvote
Hi the thumbnail is inaccurate, the Earth rotates counter-clockwise not clockwise
How many Boeing 747s would fit into it
This video is brilliant .org
Omg I feel sorry for ypure parents ur so pathetic
the clickbait was strong in this one....unsubbed till you start making good videos again
yay Ireland my favourite Country I live there
Damn you china! You're messing up my schedule!!
I Disapprove
Red Hot Chili Peppers plays "How a massive dam in china slowed the earth's rotation And little girls from Sweden dream of silver screen quotation And if you want these kind of dreams, it's Californication"
time taken for half as intresting for making a video making the video - 1 week finding a brilliant trannsaction from the vidio to the 'brilliant' ad - 1 month
DAMn
I love how you sell your ads??
3:09 UP for that Warhammer 40K reference!
Dam it China. I had to
But why do i feel like times is going faster????
Okay...we need to speed up the earth so on the count of three...everyone flush the toilet
we must start war against china
0:45 America and lawn mower accidents
Are you mad?.... As in insane. I think you might be.
No it didn’t
I was half interested in watching this video.
Damn that dam slowed down earths rotation......damnnnnnn
0:41 dam T H I C C dam
Holy shit that ad transition!
What if we can blow up the Moon?
Slower earth rotation means more and more earthquakes
This is why I hate CHINAH, they make cheap rippoffs.????????
How watching at the clickbait title of this video made me question the existence of humanity
This video was exactly on the channel name HALF AS INTERESTING
Damn
damn
China namba wan
4:10 One of the smoothest segues i've ever come across!
so they fucked up time and it still hasnt been fixed?
a better duo than a dam big DAM THE HARDY BOYS!!!
wait WHAT!?!?!?
Finally, febuary is fixed (kinda)
China is going to stop earth rotation ????????????
Fuckin china man thank you i have 9 Nanoseconds of extra time on my homework
In the grimdarkness of the future, days are one second longer.
Danm
Trim a little off the top of Mount Everest. You're welcome.
China seems to always be trying to bend the rules of the earth
Propaganda video.
Dam, that's powerful
I had no idea that the South Pole moved every year
It's amazing how a dam is able to slow the rotation of the earth
DAM.....
The dam is dam big And yeah China you owe me 0.000001 second of my life
Hentai & Lolicon.
This liberal crying about 0.8 change. What a betamale
Dam it China!
Goddamnit China.
Well done China
Dam China. Now u make a fake earth today.
It is not possible to slow it down no matter what
Dam, I want my 60 nanoseconds back.
I like how Half as Interesting videos are Twice as Interesting as other videos.
60 whole nano seconds how are you ok with this thats like an extra million hours on monday
Dam it China
This is how western people keep to blame China everyday.
So fucking damn dam Lmao
This is bullshit,we would die if that happened everything is in the perfect place at the perfect time ,Idgaf what this fuck says
And that's how beavers destroyed destroyed world
I think Chinese disliked the video.....:):)
-_-
Well I be damned. When I heard china can control the earth's rotation speed, it felt like my world slowed down.
GODDAMIT HOW ARE YOUR TRANSITIONS SO SMOOOOOTH
GOD DAM IT!
What the actual shit
does burg khalifa affect these thing too?
Slow earth was a great problem.. Taliban finally solved it by destroying world trade centers...
Fuck china
so china make your day became longer?
Stop talking through your asshole. Do you know why there are more white man who got cancer compare to other race ?
60 nanoseconds slower per day, by just one single dam? thats dam crazy ;P
Stop blamin china
For a second, i thought the title said "How A Massive Damn China Slowed the Earth's Rotation"
Wish I was half as original
dAm
I haven't watched the video and I already knew the Three Gorges dam was the answer.
2:02 My OCD cannot look at this very poorly made standard form. Should be 3.785*10^14.
Pandas are cunts
From stealing lands they don't own and now slowing down Earth's rotation? Wow. I'm not surprised at all.
What a nice transition to the advertisement!
Another great 'Brilliant' segue.
DAMmit China!
I'll be DAMned!
1:41 That's my Home Kia Ora from Aotearoa NZ ??
??all these comments....well if you dont understand dont critisice it
The earthquake in Japan in 2011 sped up the earth, so it's all equalised
Retarded video made by retards.
Dam! No wonder those staff meetings have seemed longer lately.
hey he mentioned my country looks like i'm famous now
Fuck u china
60 Nanoseconds Damn
Damnnnnn
i call bullshit on this YouTube video
ChInA mAdE cLiMaTe ChAnGe - Trump
Oh no
What did the salmon say when it hit a big fat wall upstream? DAMMMMMmmmm...
1:46 That’s a map of the Maldives.
these dam chinese engineers and their dam machinations....
Your full of shit
Bullshit
Great video! Just to let you know the dam cost 200 billion yuan but only $23 billion dollars
my fart slowed a fraction of Earth rotation
Definitely the most entertaining video to date, love the information, jokes and delivery. This channel is fast becoming one of my favourites!
"Sub to Wendover instead" haha
0:38-0:40 what a NI????A
0:13 DAMMMNNN
Goddamit China
Dam that's a lot of time
Thank you subscribe
Just found this channel and damn is this good.
FUCK U CHINAAA DAMMM UUUU GO TO HELLL YOU ASSS HATTED DICK WADSSSS
Build another one in USA. Problem solved.
Dam China!
1000 comment!
Dam the Dams for the Damn Chinese Dam-makers!
China does all the worst things to the Earth while America gets all the blame
Isn't the earth titled on its axis by 23 degree??
Thanks China!
If you were using memes you should of just said some damn thicc dams
i hate china
How A Massive Dam in China Slowed the Earth's Rotation How A Massive Dam in China Slowed Our Rotation
Dumb communist
1:48 yay a new country!
Fuckin china??
When will they succeed in stopping the Earth's rotation completely?
WELP MORE TIME WASTED IN SCHOOL
every single movement on earth has an effect on the earth's rotation. even your mum going up some stairs or honestly even an ant moving up an anthill slows the earth's rotation.
But the materials were already on the earth
Useless. Especially since the earth does not rotate, anyway.
Thanks China.
Dam Daniel
3:08 Warhammer 40k!
so thats why school takes so long
And the nobel price to the smoothest ad integration ever goes to...
United States: “We have a volcano that can cause a global depression”. Russia: “We have the largest nuclear arsenal on the planet”. China: “We created a dam so large, it slowed the rotational speed of Earth”.
All of these videos are him making bad jokes for 50% of the video and not getting to the point for 80% of the video. lol.
That segue, god dam. You're getting better at taking two seemingly completely unrelated topics and seamlessly transitioning between them. It's kind of scary.
China is stopping the earth from going yeeticus Maximus and my days are getting longer. They should be yeeticus maximused off the earth
Only on channels like these would someone find a way to segue from angular momentum into a brilliant.org sponsor... thanks HaI.
Fuck China and their abducting people and putting them into ‘re-education camps’. Bunch of fuckin assholes, they are.
good point. every time you take a shit, you literally accelerate the earth's rotation.
god dam
DAM
Come on, China! 0.00000006 seconds? What’s wrong with you?! My life will never be the same because of those 60 extra nanoseconds ruining my day.
This some sorta hidden apple commercial? saw 3 different apple devices
Sources for this? The only websites I can find that support this are pop-science websites, no actual papers written on it. Seriously, this sounds very dubious. The the tides on the ocean move more water around than this dam holds back.
Dam it China.
WWW on social media USA: let's comment something stupid to him China: WOT DA USA: BLOCK Continue? NO
Should I give a dam about this dam information?
Dam, China. Ruining it for everybody else by making our days longer.
Stupid china!
I thought the only thing China slowed down was the highways
These stupid communists are bad for the Earth!!!!!!!
Dam that's weird
It just astounds me that humans have the capacity to shake the world with our shit :|
but I think that time loss could be negligible compared to all water which is melting in the top of the highest mountains
i didn't saw the transition to the add coming. It's the best one yet!!
When the dinosaurs were around, a day was 23 hours.
Jean Claude Van Dam
Nice job China
This is basically RTGame by in real life
Nobody gives a Dam!
I blame China for longer dats
something something vsauce something
Making those puns makes this channel half as interesting
No it didnt. Fucking Fake news
Then why isn't Everything on Slow Motion HUUHHUHHHHHH???????
those dirty commies
So if we make a space elevator we will make days longer
Dam
Dam
Dam.. he really made me feel important at the end there...probably just because i'm fucking fried right now
So if we all fart at once in the same direction can we make our days go faster?
God dam it china
2:08 I like how the billions digit has four zeroes :)
God dam it china
Dam. That may have been your silkiest segue yet.
YAY NZ GOT MENTIONED.
Editor truly outdid themself this time. This video was cuhrazy!
Technically, just accelerating your car in the direction of Earth's rotation slows it down. Just not measurably.
That was a smooth transition to the sponser.
Damm China
They probably learned from Brilliant and Wix
Wow, you completely butchered the great and eternal leader's name. You're on a list now. And everyone who watched this video. Death of Stalin anyone? :)
ty dam! i live in new zealand
They don’t give a dam about the earths rotation
fuck you chine give back my time
WAAAAAAAAAAAAGH
Ok
Man u re even more dumb than Trump! This is hilarious! LMAO Thanks for make me laugh,
I did this case study with my geography class and this video was more informative in 10 minutes than my teacher did in 2 years.
Damnit that´s one damn big dam!
Duck hunt duo.
Will there be a dam built to slow the earth’s rotation by 18493858839204968848271656585992874747829 minutes?
Bullshit
isn't is enough for America to invade China???? opps..... sorry, its China not Iraq....
Dam it China, yet again you just can't be normal!
You guys are dumb if you believe this shyte.
China:*DAMN* Earth slows down
god dam!
A brilliant person DOES NOT pay for intelligence.
The phone used in the ad at the end has a piece of screen missing.
Smooooth transition
that transition to sponsor tho slowclaps
Dammit china ya did it again Most polluted then most populated now this?
Dam son
okay time to put my phone down for today
Ok so when I jump I slow the earth down and cause the earth day to be .000000000000000000000006 nano seconds longer
Sounds like the effects can be worse than climate change...
What the fuck is wrong with this channel..!!???
U r fucking genius
Nice segway
0.00000006 , no one gives a shit bro There are many factors speeding the earth's rotation this is no exception.
fucking china dude how could you do this to the people after 1261531712362 year u killed our (grand grand grand x 7432877) children
There's an extra 0 in the weight of the Earth in pounds...
Insane
That’s not Ireland that’s Northen Ireland its a part of the UK while the other part of Ireland is not part of any thing.
I love the Warhammer 40,000 reference!
3:20 thank god that compass is made in Germany not China??
The memes man im crying
Thanks China I can know sleep 0.00000006 seconds longer
Elevators have counterweights .
How dumm do you have to be to say this
Opinions vary, but the Chinese do give a Dam!
God damit China
F*** ME THOSE NANOSECONDS ARE SO DAM LONG SCHOOL IS TOO LONG BECAUSE OF DAM CHINA
How the fuck
I know it says the sounds are from “epidemic songs” but does anyone know the specific song at 2:10?
Damn. Dam.
Wait, was that about ecological damage?
So the Dams are responsible for making my day longer FUCK DAMS!!
I comment just to see 900 comments
Smooth ad
The fact that he voices memes and jokes with a generic-ass voice just adds that tad bit of humor that is funny for no reason at all
3:55 that's San Vicente Reservoir in San Diego county it's like 5 min from my house, they just made the dam bigger on top of the old one. It's really cool how they did it
Hey, you just breaking billions of china peoples heart you have to paid it! #Just kidding
So since a day is longer China reduced the world life expectancy...
lol china, "a more developed nation" still eats dogs, bugs and shark fins. seems like a 1st world country.
No wonder, school feels longer. Bloody China making it slower. Dam it China, I will no longer be asian. I will now identify as a extraterrestrial being. Fuck this shit.
Say... that brilliant link for the first 200. You've been using it for alot of your videos. And still no 200 free loaders?? Brilliant.org must not be so interesting then ;-) or worse... free brilliant courses must be a scam ??
In my country theres some sort of story/urban legend? Idk... But some people belive a day is 16 hours not 24 and every higher up or scientist is lying... What a bunch of goofs...
But... Its flat ??
China will grow larger!!
3:09 That Warhammer 40k reference.
Oh angular momentum. Wish I could've paid attention in physics class.
Damn! tat boi can fit so many dams in it!
Guys I'm sure this dude wrote percy jackson
Is this US propaganda?
Damn chinese increasing our daily work hours (some redneck probably)
next video: how half as interesting makes his ad transitions
Are you China be funny?
Everytime I watch an HAI video, I always try to guess when will the ad appear I've watched enough HAI videos to know when will the ad appear
Thanks, China for wasting 1 whole second of people in 47650 CE! Probably when the Himalayas got lifted when Indian plate started colliding with Asian plate, the world got few seconds late! So thanks India! Because of you guys the world is still living in the past
what happened to the other 2/3rds of Iceland?
Being 60 nanoseconds late on school...
Let's slow down the earth to make it 30 hours in a day, and lets slow down the process going on in our bodies to add another, oh, how about 300 years? 300 years with 30 hour days. That'd be.... half as interesting!
Ok. China.....China! Chil da fuk ot
Thor lives in that dam
Gina
COMMUNISM STOPS THE EARTH
How much would the earth slow down due to molten icecaps moving from the poles towards the equator?
Let the jokes flow
Damn only one second tho lol
That's fuck all for a big outfit like this.
Even somebody walking or stopping technically changes the rotation of the earth.
"I broke the dam"
That was too smooth... The hell.
Trump was right (CHINA)
Do you ever read the comments? If you do GOOD video man! Keep up the good work!!
1:43 That's no Iceland
but why would it slow down earth? like before the dam was made and the water was put in the water and materials already were on earth but were just moved so how did it effect it??
Fucking asians
basically china's middle finger to world by screwing up the world's gps systems.... slighty
W a c k
1:39 New Zicelosta Rahamanda
So many anti Chinese video, please get a job
Damn big dam
“I COULD USE SOME DAM FRENCH FRIES!” Zöe: confused
fuck you and your shit advertising at the start of videos.
Can they build some more so I can have more time in my day? (Like, a lot more)
Dafuq is china
this dam can only be built in China because democracy will not allow such contraversial project being executed. Thats why China is such a great country with rocket-like developement. Greater good is the only target and we have dont need to waste time or resources on those who are weak.
Dammit China! wait don't
Since this will be buried in comments I deny the Armenian genocide.
Dam it china.
Thats why todays science class was so damn long u damn china????
Who else thought they slowed the earth because of their enormous population.
Communist scums
This man made the greatest ad transition again. I salute you
Nice ad transition
Thanks to china so i can play longer before midnight
When he made the dam joke, who remembered that one part in the Percy Jackson books.
Shut up Norman
This video was hilarious (and interesting) Good job ???endov... wait
you flipped Costa Rica
So Did I watch a 4:55 long ad about brilliant.org.??????
So if build a dam big enough ill finnally have enough time in day to accomplish actually something without being deprived of sleep?
Dammmn, China
Damn, if it wasn’t for them, we would have shorter school times
Yeet
"Dam" it
The ending was quite junkish though??. No hard feelings !!!!!!
The beat our dams, because we don't have mountains. But they will never beat our delta works ~the Netherlands
I see sea
Well great, now we get to work even longer hours...
I somehoe failed to detect an imminent segue for this video like I always do
It was 200 billion Yuan, roughly equivalent to 31 billion Usd, not 200 billion USD.
Dam! At least that compass wasn't Made in China. Plus, give it a nice strong earthquake in the right area of that dam then, maybe that dam will go bye bye.
Wow democracy
Dam fine job in your reporting.
Next level clickbait OMEGALUL
0:07 - O:33 Top 10 Rappers Eminem is afraid to Diss
The question is how do you know that it happened because China made a dam...? It may have happened because of some other events, i don't know but it could be anything, like affected by the Sun, or sliding of some tactonic plates, etc.
Damn it China
Fucking dirty slope commies, I’m gonna blow those damn dams up.
We need to learn to live with the planet instead of just on it WHO'S WITH ME?!
"This probably won't kill us" Thanks. Thanks for the reassurance.
THANKS A LOT CHINA!!!
Ok, this channel will becoming the next Grandayy.
This Dark Theme is too fucking good
I can wake up 60 nanoseconds late now. Yay
So they made my school day longer? Fucking...
If you step one step higher, the earth also rotates slower. WOW WHO CARES
Damn
Dam...
Where's the dam snack bar?
1:00 only one party communist in a nutshell, also I live in hongkong
nothing can slow or speed up the earth's rotation.
At least that you wrote metric under imperial system, but still!
You running out of ideas
This is a bad hoax and a western style double standard video, the Hoover dam blocked Mexicans access to water, and what do you wanna say about that?
Damn good China, more time to finish my homework
2:08 typo
For the emperor
Thanks a lot you chinese idiotics, NOW WERE ALL GOING TO FUCKING DIE FOR FUCKING FUCK FUCK SAKE!!!
So For Building Bigger Cleaner Power plants, a Nanosecond in a day would be added, Imagine more Projects like this to Reduce Carbon Emissions are Passed, Could we Get 25 Hours in a Day as the Millenia passes?
Modern warfare will now be lengthening the days
Oh god! Not a 6 hundred millionth of a second!
Did somebody say CCP, the creators of my most played game?
The earth don't rotate tho ????
0.00000006*365.25*(85-15)=0.00153 days. I will be 0.00153 days younger when i die (well i am just as old but the year counter says i am younger) or 132.5 seconds
That is one big dam dam
I want Brilliant to teach me how to transition from a conversation to an advertisement as smoothly as you
Thank you china.. I have to stop watching TV and go to bed 60 nanoseconds earlier..
Dam Daniel kill me
And here I was thinking CO2 was meant to be the blame for all of the problems on earth.
Another effective way to slow the Earth's rotation: space elevators. A single ribbon extended well past geostationary orbit would be ideal. Then lift a bunch of bulk mass up the elevator as far as it goes and simply release it at the top. A few billion tons lifted and released should have a noticeable effect on the spin of Earth.
2:01 But how many cups is that?
‘Dam big dam’ *ba dum tshh*
Goddamm communist tryin to slow down my earth
For the Empe wait... For the Chairman of Imperium!
Dam!
Made in china. ??
reason 9999999999999999999986857536578mto hate china.
Dam Percy Jackson references
lmao it would probably break caus it is made in chinaaa
damm dude...
*insert Dam Son meme
I can't blame China dams are pretty cool tbh
I'd like to make myself belive
Dam it
great job ching chongs
Isn't this dam better than the Mexican border wall?
The true north and south pole are not moving and never will. The magnetic north and south poles are constantly moving and right now the magnetic south pole in the ocean and not marked like the video claims.
Damn china
More dams
No idea why I’m not subbed in this channel though been a sub in your other channel for several years now.
that Segway to the sponsor was great
So in theory, we could also make it spin faster?
damn dam you scary
Relocate people in Chinese terms means firing squad ??
This is a dam lie !
1:43 That's not Iceland...
new zicelosta rahamanda
The metric. You make me so happy. -A European.
Love China from Africa, Together we are moving forward for a better future
If you wanna do this you must join "brilliant" ??
Made in Germany 3:23
So I have this dam to blame for my day lasting slightly longer. The key to immortality is bigger dams.
You said ireland that’s the north retard
The moon is doing the same thing; on a much larger scale.
Does that mean school is longer
The transition to the sponsor at the end...
Pointless video. I dont get your message. What are you trying to tell about? Just meaningless presentation.
God damn the Chinese for slowing the earth and stealing our jobs
The earth loses it aerodynamic.
Holy shit China!
Damn.
Don't worry guys, it will last for 2 weeks.
china is very extremely idiot country they are the ones who damage mother nature xddddddddddddddddd
I love the way 40k slipped in like that
Damn dam... I’ll go now
Dam, China!
stupid video
1:43 That's Northern Ireland, not Ireland Ireland. And yes, it is quite the big mistake
In the grim darkness of the far future...blame China
HMMH, SCHOOL TIME IS LONGER DAMN IT
that is SO dam gorgeous
That was a shitty reason
That Warhammer 46750 though...
2:19 Yuzuru Hanyu
Yes I saw that 40k snipet at the bottom. ;).
Dam Chinese
It’s pronounced “Yaung-tzuh” xD Learnt that from Fallout 4
Turn on the subtitles To go dam crazy
lol new zealand those primitive hilly billy needs electricity
0:20 Communist micro auxiliary power core
What is the Next sponsor? Please guess
Damn it china
Fuck China, Free Tibet
I almost got whiplash when you made that segue
I went to New Zicelosta Rahamanda once. It was confusing
This is dam good video, plenty of knowledge flowing.
Oh boy, RT really had fun with this one.
A fish was swimming in a lake then it hit a wall, what did the fish say?
Probably won't kill us. **Probably.**
Dude... interesting.
Use Metric better
What a long ad spot at the beginning. It took an entire 4 minutes before he got to how I could learn about moment of inertia at brilliant.org/hai.
Dam it's cool ..
is it enough to make my GPS inaccurate ?
Awesome content, keep it up.
I still remember the government promised that electricity bill would drop xx% with the completion of this dam, so they charged everyone xx% extra to help funding the construction project. 15 years have pass since the completion, they are still charging us this extra bill with the promise of lower electricity cost nowhere to be seen, what a joke
We can thank the Chinese for delay the return of the god emperor of mankind by a single second Purge the heretics
Shoutout to the animator, this was dam impressive.
Daaaaaamn said Amsterdam
Good job China now i will live for less days
this man still cannot pronounce the word “regularly”. good content though
So, Trump build the wall because he's so jealous at China's Big Beautiful Dam!!? Because it can hold tremendous amount of water!!?
2:09 1,000,000,000,000,4Zeros,000,000,000lbs
Wow. 0.000000003 is nothing....
1:33 UNLIMITED POWER
More like 99% as interesting
I'm a figure skating nerd and I, in fact, am offended
Ur telling me I can get a hard-on and change the speed of the earth's rotation? Nucking futs!
Mankind is just destroying earth for their needs.... No one understands what will happen in the future isn't great
THANKS C H I N A
China is a big place isn't it
This has to be the fastest explained video I’ve ever seen, love it.
"Probably" won't kill us
How many of you watch this channel just for the smooth segways?
Xi Jinping is pronounced like shee tcheenpeeng
Hey warhammer refrence big dick
Yea right, we barely made enough of a dent to the earth geology and the entire title seemingly blamed us for something that seemed far worse. Way to go for your titling
But earth is flat
God dam it china. Cant take you anywhere!
3:33 regarly
Dam China
So if everyone laid down at sea level at once, how much faster would the earth spin?
Unfortunately, this one truly was Half as Interesting. Not enough bad jokes.
Every rocket launch affects the rotation too.
THE EMPEROR IS PLEASED WITH YOUR WARHAMMER 40K REFERENCE HERETIC.
This guy can sell anything
Dam it China!!!
My guy. There is a reason that transitioning from content to advertising the way you do is illegal on TV. Yeah, it's not illegal on youtube, but it's still really shady. Come on.
OMG! OMG! OMG! Me running around in mindless panic
This video is pretty dam interesting!
2:26 Fidget Spinner WEEEEEEE
Thanks china
I didn't know iceland looked like that
Wendover... Is becoming too self aware...
I can’t believe countries are still communist in 2018.
Wow, no Superman jokes? Impressive.
I love the effort that goes into proving single useless point while providing so much information
Was the dam made in China though?
Like always, these channels have the best transitions to advertising.
No it was government coverup for when they slowed down the sun!!! wake of america asia isnt rael!!!!!
The minute I saw the title I instantly thought to myself: "yo mama so fat she slowed the earth's rotation". LOL
that transition to the ad... smooth af
YEET
4:11does my man have an iphone 4
Is it just me or does anyone else enjoy how he brings in the sponsors
How does climate change come into effect here? If the oceans rise, isn't that the same consequence?
I know this is a fact but this just reminds me how RTGames builds dams.
Incredible editing
Fortunately I get these memes and not being trigged
Damn
Does earthquake make the earth rotate faster due to collapsing buildings?
Damn
So I'm gonna die earlier due to a damn dam. Damnit!
Hot reservoir! This dam is my jelly!
Smashed that liked button just for that terrible ad transition. Honestly, those 'smooth ad transitions' often overtake 'excellent content' in my top 2 list of reasons to subscribe to this amazing channel.
This is how?? gained +1 sec
The dam cost 200 billion yuan, not dollars.
1:43 that is a VERY stretched out Iceland
Dams are an ecological disaster, every time
I hate China for makin the day 60 nanoseconds longer I am chinese
What is wrong with you? Why you always say China is bad?
Hai
I'm fairly sure you're now sued by Gears Workshop now
pepper
That time I slowed the Earth's rotation when raised my hand at class..
Animation is very good in their video??
so you're saying that every time lie down the earth speeds up? guys I think I just figured out how to time travel!
Dam
That Ireland outline was truly horrific...
That super seamless transition to the ads tho ??????
Rubber stamp? Maybe, but also, nobody wants ro write the first proposal they say no to. The mere existence of the NPC functions as a check on abuse of power in the same way that the existence of nuclear weapons functions as a check on invasion. Writing policy proposals the NPC will say no to is a good way to end your political career.
You said Ireland but showed The Republic of Ireland not the island of Ireland. Brexit is doing enough to destabilize the north now this?!
At 2:09, there are 4 zeros between commas in the mass of the earth in kilograms
"Yeet yourself in" AHAHAHA THIS HAD ME WHEEZING
I'll give your meme game a 5/7
This damn dam is so damn big it slowed the goddamn earth down.
massive bitcoining rigs (datacenters) are housed near these damns for cheap electricity
I guess your video is gonna be blocked in China for making a joke about Xi Jingping
This was beautiful
Thank you China for helping to counter sea level rise by storing all those melted glaciers!
Dam, that segway tho.
i love how conspiracy theory-ish this sounds at first
don't let donald trump watch this video
Damn china, you made my school EARLIER FOR 60 NANOSECONDS! NOW I CANT GET ENOUGH SLEEP!!!!11!!!!11!1
That's so cool!
I live in the Co-operative Republic of New Zicelosta Rahamanda.
The smooth transition going into the Brilliant sponsored information is easily the best part of the video
Your intro was way to fast. Slow it down dude
The fact you referenced CCP the game developer made the eve player in me so dam happy
3:17 Video about China. Shows a compass not made in China
They need more time, 24 hours isn't enough.
So what will be the effect of the massive canal project in China to transport water from the south to the north? Depending on the volume of water it will cancel out.
Aye us kiwi’s got a mention
Brilliant sponsors Wendover Productions but also this memey hellhole
Glorious transition into the Brilliant ad, I groaned.
I’m happy with the number of dam jokes in this episode.
HOLY FUCK WENDOVER PLAYS EVE
Alright China please build a couple of thousand of these dams. I’d prefer to have longer days (and nights).
Damn
Is this god dam?
Dam! They really did?!
What about the effects of a space elevator on the rotation on earth
I blame China for plenty already
I hate Brilliant!
This is why the ccp sucks
So what if all humans gone up a lift at once?
That was a pretty good transition into the sponsor this time.
Do you play Eve Online?
So you make the point that everything moving on Earth does technically also influence the rotation, how was it that the completion of this dam was had an effect that was even noticeable to people recording the changes?
Little Rock, AR has the Big Dam Bridge.
Half as Interesting as what?
1 second. Enough time for Donald Trump to say China one more time.
God damn commies slowing the earth down.
Damn!
4:16 On that phone? I can't afford it dude
Please stop cutting off half of Ireland ??
How do we remove those nano seconds
"probably wont"
Dam Damiel. Back at it again with the big Dam.
Fun fact, although Three Gorges Dam being the biggest dam in the world, Itaipu (the second largest dam, located in Brazil/Paraguay) Produces more electrical energy because the Three Gorges experiences six months per year when there is very little water available to generate power, while the Paraná River that feeds the Itaipu has a much lower seasonal variance in flow.
Donald Trump has entered the chat
In 2nd grade some of my friends and me made a model of this dam.
I work in hydropower, so 93.5 TWh was only meaningless until I converted to MWh. That's insane! I can't imagine what inside of that dam looks like...
Don't use CE, use AD! BCE/CE is offensive.
Every time I stand up I slow the earth's rotation
I Love youre videos
consider myself yoted
So if we make a huge enough tower, we can stop the earth?
DAAAAMMMMMMM BOI THAT DAM THICC BOI
I'm sure I'll get molested for saying this but just putting my 2 cents in - I don't like how memey this video was or how memey this channel has become. This channel used to and still does sometimes post really interesting and insightful stuff but this video had absolutely no substance, very little research, and like 25% of it was an ad... seemed like it was just an excuse for sponsorship and ad revenue. Dropped the ball on this one
God dam it...
2:09 Your surreptitious rounding and weird comma placement have not gone unnoticed. … Wait, you did this just to make people comment, didn't you? I can't believe I fell for it!
They still say China number 1
Due to this stupid video, I decided to unsubscribe this channel. You didnt even know the concept of interaction force in the universe, so stupid, politically, and beyond my words.
What about the high rises and skyscrapers everyone is putting up and away from the axis? Seems like a huge amount of mass collectively.
China really does make everything
Releasing the water from the dam would speed the earth back up, and everything will return back to normal.
damn.
I can now sleep 60 more nanoseconds.
So that's why I was late for that meeting yesterday.
Dam
Yay! Power for New Zealand! Send it now please. Peter Jackson's render farm needs all it can get.
A like for that star wars joke
At least you are aware the jokes are terrible.
I say bomb it with bigger dams
Ad transition smoother than my phone screen.
Paging RTGamer...
always china
Too much exageration and no useful information.
93.5 TWh/year = 10.65 GW on average
DAMNNNNNNNNNNN
I hate China.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IgOrDFJhtU8
Couldn't the same be said about all of our buildings? Sky Scrapers cause global warming!?
wow so I’m running but I’m walking?
Okay so i know the effects the dam causes are miniscule, i hope the chinese don't know about it.
so i'll live longer! thanks china!
Your videos are so dam good!!!
Daaaaam. 55k views and 5.5k upvotes. 10% upvote-to-view ratio is pretty good!
Ik damn mate.
That was a dam good segway.
??????
I learned about this not too long ago in school
That's an average of 10.7 gigawatts over a year, for a total of 337 petajoules. terawatt–hours/year can fuck right off as a unit.
I thought Amsterdam would have the most dams...
Nigga the chinese will kills us one day mark my words
Damn... Those nanoseconds really helpin me get my extra sleep in, thanks China! When Russia and China fight to take over the USA, I'll be on your side <3
The tragic consequences of giving a dam
Can you do a video on how you edit your videos? I think it would be interesting to see how you do it. Doesn’t have to be a tutorial
Half As Interesting plays EvE confirmed?
Dam! Thats impressive Ok I'll kill my self
Your mama is so fat, that when she goes up in an elevator the Earth slows down it's rotation due to a change in it's moment of inertia
Everything we do speeds and slows up the spin of Earth. Earth's rotation speeds up when I go downstairs. The earthquake in Japan slowed down the rotation by < 2 microseconds. Every day the moon's title friction slows the Earth's rotation as well. Earth's days were about an hour shorter when the dinosaurs roamed the Earth but its spin has been constantly slowing for over 4 billion years.
Holy cow! Good to know!
Xi Jinpin must have such fun days rafting down the Yangtze and Yellow rivers!
Dam, that’s a smooth advert transition
That was a dam good segue at the end
Thanks China, freaking jerks
My history teacher did a whole unit on a debate if dam should be built. I had to do a big essay on it at end.
It does make me wonder how the Burj Khalifa for example affects the Earth's rotation, or of it does at all
but the earth gets faster when the reservoir is emptied, so the statement at 3:08 ist wrong.
Anyone watched the movie called “The Core?” Owo
What's the war hammer thing? 3:08
Dam it China
Anyone else notice he gave a map of Northern Ireland instead of Ireland? Just me? Ok I’ll go now
Yo mama so fat when she goes up the elevator the earth rotates 0.06 hours slower
this channel is trying to be bill wertz and its great
hire China to build Gibraltar Dam and screw up Europe ecosystem
cough USA cough ...
That transition to brilliant.
Wack.
So many memes in this video
So what?
This myth is made in China
Well dam(n) CHina are good at building dams
WTF is that outline of Iceland? Not even close
Those countries should totally join in a union to form the Federation of New Zicelosta Rahamanda.
I choked on my coffee with that star wars reference it was so funny!
The Three Gorges Dam may be the world's largest in installed capacity, but the Itaipu Dam, in Brazil and Paraguay, has a higher annual electricity generation!
0:21 Shout out to CCP Games (not china communist party)
Well damn
You see I just learned something in 4 minuets, it's that easy. If a topic in school was that long the curriculum would be finished in one week
When's the animators facereveal going to happen
perfect segway
Due to the decreased centripetal acceleration, this dam has also made things effectively heavier, which makes it harder to build other structures. Thanks a lot, CHINA!
Can I marry your voice? No homo
I never knew I wanted something so bad before I heard of New Zicelosta Rahmanda.
1:25 Does “this is bad” refer to the ecological damage, or the pun inherent in the word “DAMage”?
"so yeet yourself in"
that transition was pretty good.
#New Zicelosta Rahamanda
Watching this after watching RTGame's video...
Old news from when the dam got done years ago it was natgeo somebody needed to upload something to get they money up lol
With how my job is 60 nanoseconds is hell dann China LOL
soooooo china gave me 60 extra nanoseconds in bed every morning, thanks
Heard covfefe on 0:48
Dam Chinese at it again
WHAT A SEGWAY
The animation is outstanding.
HAI, that was quite a brilliant extrapolation for some insanely insignificant outcome. Good one!
So this dam can power all toyota corollas is the world?
The same thing happened in reverse when the japanese earthquake in 2011 broke off some ice in antarctica
Dam it. If only I could live in New Zicelosta Rahamanda.
holy shit is this a motherfucking WARHAMMER 40000 REFERENCE?
Can you do a video on how you get your sponsor video to come in so easily into the video.
1:44 Looks like Iceland got a reshape...
The cost of the Dam is 200,000,000,000 Renminbi, not American Dollars. That equates to about 31 billion US dollars.
That thumbnail annoys me the earth does not rotate in that direction
If you talk about such a small affect on the rotation of the earth, why don't you talk about the chance to teleport to the next room?
3:19 Hey, even that compass was made in Chi—GERMANY.
When you wait 3/4 of the video to see a clever transition to a brillant course...
#TeamSkillshare anyone?
they used za wardo!!
Love your channels. Are you planning on staying in the UK long-term?
"DAM IT" - China
Why do the Balkans not exist on your thumbnail?
Very appropriately watching this video right after RTGameCrowd damming the entire Atlantic Ocean.
How did they figure out that the dam caused the decreased rotational speed of the Earth?
How Pollution in places like China is going to make us all go extinct. Thanks Xi Jinpingling
I had to listen from 00:20 to 00:30 more than once
You see..
So did you mean Ireland (which you said) or Northern Ireland (which you showed) because one consumes about 3 times as much electricity as the other.
Daaaaaaaum! well I’ll be dam-ed...
but we are fine?
Not enough Winnie the Pooh/ Xi Xing Ping memes. I really wanted to see a pic of Pooh Bear going down white water in an inner tube.
You're really nailing the tone on this channel. First video just had a couple of funny things, I had to pause this one to laugh a few times because the jokes were coming so fast
Warhammer 40,000!
Why did You say Ireland , but showed a map of Northern Ireland? 1:40
where do you find all these crazy stories?
You really spent time on this
when city planning in cities skylines drains the atlantic ocean
Maybe the video should have included more pictures of the dam itself.
Chinese are beavers confirmed?
I live in New Zicelosta Rahamanda.
THE EARTH ROTATES IN A COUNTERCLOCKWISE DIRECTION!!
Leave it to China!
I SAW THAT WARHAMMER 40'000 Reference!! THE EMPEROR IS PLEASED!!!
New Zicelosta Rahamanda... It is a great country... I visited them during my last vacation
you said it was "enough" shifting mass to have an effect, but in physics there is nothing like "enough", everything has an effect on everything, and even my cat going upstairs is slowing the earth, but by a super small amount But who cares about pointless arguments here?
In the beginning of your video you showed Itaipu dam that produces more energy annually than the chinese one and have a bigger flooded area, So isn't the flooded area of Itaipu compensating for the mass of the flooded area of china in the other side of the world?
Fuck Brilliant. Fuck your side-profit.
oh china why
My culture is not your goddamn video.
Fucking China ruining everything
This is so dam interesting
Boy...you really "love"china
I remember hearing vsause say something about this a while ago.
A bit dissapointed that this does not have sources..
Dam, you stole my joke.
Yeet yourself in!
The ads is getting dam smarter every video
Thank you for the accurate map of the Republic of Ireland!
Sometimes I just wanna slap you (i LOL'd out at the sarcasm at 3:03)
New Zicelosta Rahamanda Forever!!
Nice subtle CCP Games logo.
That notch on the phone in the end though.
All of your videos are so cringe but this one takes the cake and I am here.for.it.
That segue though
Love these videos, but I'm not sure Iceland looks like that 1:40
I am definitely feeling that extra 60 nanoseconds today.... why is it not friday yet?!
Thanks to the Chinese, our day got longer.
Yo' mama is so fat when she stands up, the day gets 10 seconds longer.
That was a good transition, "or you could pick up you phone and search brilliant"
best click bait ever
Dam
Guess Chinese production isn't that dam crappy after all.
at least the chinese people are small so there is balance
Nah, I realized the ad coming 4:12
Beavis: Huh huh...I have a question? Tour Guide: (huffing in frustration) Yes? Beavis: Huh huh...Is a God dam?
Dam good Warhammer reference!
A video that should be played at 1X speed and without distractions. Love it!
Johnny Weir IS a Figure Skating metaphor
dam
This is a pretty bad video tbh
Bullshit - the Earth's tectonic plates move giant mass around the Earth all the time and have been doing so for BILLIONS of years. One stupid dam isn't going to affect the rotation any more than my massive morning dump.
What if all of China (or India) took a shit all at once?
FUCKING CHINA? I TOLD YOU WE COULD ONLY DO THIS A FEW TIMES! PACK YOUR SHIT! China: what? ITS ONLY GONNA BE A FEW MINUTES BEFORE TILL THE UN IS GONNA BE BACK UP AND RUNNING ON OUR ASS AGAIN. like if you know where it’s from
Background music has an element of suspicion ... ??
Too much to believe in
Haven't watch the video yet but I'm guess it's that really big dam so time ago I remember watch it on a documentary
This channel has the smoothest transitions to advertisement I’ve ever seen. I’m not even mad, that’s amazing.
With the same thought in mind....every sky scrapper ever buit...slowed the earth down...a bit. Wounder how much the highest 100 sky scrappers have slowed us down. And what about all the material we have mined deep in the earth and brought to the surface....including oil. Thats a lot of mass.
what did you do to iceland
1:34 But how many football fields is that?
Love the metric measurements!!!
that was fucking smooth transition
God damn China not again
Dam, the segue is on point.
In other words, the dam does a BIG FAT NOTHING. Thanks for wasting 4 minutes of my time..
1:28 Unlimited POWAH
No Not possible. not even watching the video
That transition to the advert. Wow
Actually earthquake accelerating earth spin more than this dam. Japan 2011 earthquake shortening length 24h/d by 1.8 microseconds. Thousand times more.
Can we officially recognise this as the meme lord of educational channel
That ad transition
But how many Toyota Corollas running the opposite direction would it take to slow down Earth?
Poor Samuel sponsoring Brilliant on his every video and with each video getting in average 500k views, he still didn't surpass first 200 to sign up :(
Dam son
thank you for the metric conversions!
"The National People's Congress is the most expensive rubber stamp in the world" CNN breaking news: Youtuber Half as Interesting has mysteriously disappeared
This is Dam interesting
Why everything have to be different in USA - i know that there are two scales, the Long and short scales, BUT THAT NUMBER RIGHT THERE 200.000.000.000 its 200 thousand million, not 200 billion. 200 billion in the rest of the planet is 2.000.000.000.000 is one more cero........its confusing and its wayyy to much money!!!!....anyway GREAT VIDEOOOOO!!! AND MY COUNTRY IS IN THAT LIST OF THE DAMS.
China: Slowing down the Earth rotation. I don't give a dam
god dam it china
Half as Interesting - double the uploads! And Memes ( ?° ?? ?°)
lol I missed the jokes! Thanks
damn
I hate you Ching Chong
If we move enough mass closer to Earths axis then all the days will happen at once and humans will have achieved immortality.
All I got from this is that it is possible to move the planet
0:11 Searching for Paraná, I wonder what that could mean
Humanity definitely will not be around in 47,650 CE. The dam might be, though!
I stand with New Zicelosta Rahamanda #NewZicelostaRahamandaIndependence
That’s not Iceland you posted after Ireland... small editing mistake
That must be the smoothest advertisement transition you've done so far
2meta2fast
LMAO and learned something, keep up the work!
That ad transition was so dam silky smooth.
This is nothing more than a subtle ad for apple watch and iphone
Now I'll be late at school, what a good thing...
Will this be effected by us going into day-light-savings time?
I dont wanna cause any friction but this thing about china is irrelevant.
Your turn #Wendover_Productions
OMG that transition got me ??
Leave ya?????? no problem
Bruh, the stereotypical "asian" music is low-key offensive...
This comment section is full of horrible "dam" puns. You have been warned.
1:43 Excuse me, what the fuck is up with the shape of Iceland?
Dam now my days longer
God diddly dooldy dang it China
$200 BILLION? Is this the most expensive construction project ever in history?
Please make a book about puns
Oh my God this is fucking pathetic hey China your space program is bullshit just like NASA why don't you produce a real picture of the Earth in its entirety but remember you're looking for an earth that is much fatter below the equator than above I'll repeat that so there's no mistake you're looking for an earth that is much fatter below the equator than above I also need the math calculations based on that shape along with the real picture. And since you're not going to be able to produce that without completely Faking It Go ahead and use your Blue Marble curve calculation and show me curvature have a wonderful day
Woo that's such a big change if you look at it from a geographical time view
I'll yeet myself into this comment section
93.5 TWh of power per year? DAMNNNNNNNNNN!
But then there was the settling of the underwater tectonic plate that caused the tsunami that devastated Indonesia in 2004. That moved a substantial portion of the Earth's mass closer to its axis, and so marginally increased the rate of its rotation. And let's not forget how, in the time of the dinosaurs, days were closer to 22 hours long.
3:13 ??!
How many Toyota Corollas does it take to slow down the earth?...wait wrong channel
Dam nice structures!
I want to go to new zicelosta rahamanda
e e e e e e e etheret
So let’s just Y E E T
wendover back st it with them smooth ass transish
Stupid American units. Grow up.
That intro was.... interesting
Three Gorgeous Dame?
i had to check if this video was playing at normal speed
Well this dam really makes my day...
That channel is about best segways .
That WH40k reference
Half as Interesting, have you heard of the metric system yet? It's pretty good please check it out.
What about huge cities with high buildings ? Are those something to ignore, or that dam is just great reason for clickbait?
Dam dam dams dam dam dam!
"New Zicelosta Rahamanda"
So DAM crazy badum tsss
But what about the other dozen dams that China has built? In total, how much is the entirety of China slowing down earth's rotation
I think this is the first time a thumbnail/title of a video made my jaw drop
too many memes
1:20 it's 200 billion yuan not dollars god dam it.
Lol I could only picture Winnie the Pooh going down the rapids thanks to the memes show how Xi looks like Winnie!
Can it slow down the Chinese population???
Thank you for fully embracing your witty-storytelling roots. The cunning editorializing - both made-audible and visualized - make this content stand out among the droning factually-specific masses. Please keep up the great work.
DAM n they just slowed the earths rotation...
So wait. How much have we slowed down earth's rotation by building skyscrapers??!
Another way of putting it is the Three Gorges Dam produces around 0.4% of the world's electricity.
How a human standing up changes the Earth's rotation.
It’s almost as big as you mum
In this channel we take a clickbaity title and try to make a video about it - HAI 2016
So how many Toyota Corollas can fit there?
I like the Chinese music background
What is that song can anyone please tell me?
2:34 sloppy, 4.6/10
yeet yourself in
6,611th! I'm joking I love your vids. <3 You're too dam good.
Well, DAM.
Im honestly watching this video just for the add transition. You are insane, we never expect it!
I N E R T I A I S A P R O P E R T Y O F M A T T E R
Wendover I think you should talk about on mostly circular lakes
Well, dam.
Th Thi This This t This to This too This took This took w This took wa This took way This took way t This took way to This took way too This took way too l This took way too lo This took way too lon This took way too long This took way too long t This took way too long to This took way too long to t This took way too long to ty This took way too long to typ This took way too long to type This took way too long to typ This took way too long to ty This took way too long to t This took way too long to This took way too long t This took way too long This took way too lon This took way too lo This took way too l This took way too This took way to This took way t This took way This took wa This took w This took This too This to This t This Thi Th T This took way too long to type Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle
this is false, there is no resistance like in your example of the ice skater where the ice skate and ice would be the point of contact where the resistance forces are being shown, in space not only can no one hear you scream, but there is no air to provide a force against the spin of the earth , but not Ice , and the earth dont wear no ice skates. it sits on a turtle
Sounds like something China would do.
Ya got me again with the Brilliant transition.
Xi Jin Ping has liked the video!
3:22 it would have been better if that compass said “made in China”
What's the song that starts at 2:12? I've tried to find it for months
What was the music used?
Hey guys, if you need me, I'll be over here liking, commenting, and subscribing as soon as I see that Sam has a new video out. Always great for a laugh while I learn something interesting!
Wouldn't it be funny if China had large scale concentration camps and nobody cared?
Damn it all my dam jokes are taken
That’s pretty dam impressive. A dam site better than the nearest dam to me
China’s done it again
WOOHOOO LONGER DAYS!!!!! now i got 60 extra nanoseconds to sleep!!!
Dam you china
God Dam It China
Dam
Smooth add transition as usual
I freakin love content like this! ?
Queue the dam puns
Where can I get some Dam bait ?
3:21 Made in GERMANY
ZERO EFFORT
Wow that one dam could power Australia for half a year.
The way u link in the sponsor is so DAM smooth
SLOW THE FU?K DOWN WILL YOU? I know the topics are half as interesting as the ones on your main channel, but you don't need to compensate it by making the production quality twice as shit?
dam nice video
the slide speed has increased significantly ... dam(n)
Donald Trump China playing at 0,0000006 x speed
This video is dam good! I’m so original!
Wow I'm comment 80
Half as real life productions
Change the global parameters? That's a very China thing to do..
when you run out of topics about planes...
Dam those puns
you have really good comedic timing
I love these videos that are pointless
China is like that person who ruins everything in parties "WHAT THE FUCK CHINA
Those damn tea Farmers is taking our rotation
"Yeet yourself in" -???endover Productions
Viva New Zicelosta Rahamanda
I came early to make a witty comment. I just can't think of one.
1:46 I gave this a tired smile until you said Ruanda. WOW...
The dam jokes are incoming!
You made this video just so you could tell dam puns
He he he, very kewl.
So I have this dam to blame for my day lasting slightly longer. The key to immortality is thus more big dams! That's how science works, clearly. Take note, Grey.
What happens when China starts mass-producing huge dams? Will the Earth start spinning in the other direction?
Dam, China.
Half as Interesting = Wendover Productions
That may have been the smoothest segue yet
New Ziceolosta Rahamanda lol
Another DAM good video, sponsored by square space
Warhammer40k shout out! Hell yes! I knew all those years of subscribing would pay off.
So how many Toyota Corollas worth of water is that Dam Holding back? Oops wrong channel
All of the comments in the first minute have no connection to the vid, Cough Me Cough
Yes China is crazy. As in the video
That dam is damn gorgeous. A damn gorgeous gorges dam.
DAM!
hi
DAMIT China
New Zicelosta Rahamanda????????????
yeet
It's the wind turbines
Damn
I love your vids keep it up
Wait it's not transport?
So the Damn Chinese are now slowing the Damn Earths Rotation with one Damn Dam. Damn.
How do you find such interesting and random topics?
dammmmmmmmmmm
God Dam It China!
More like Twice As Interesting ..
Great video! Sucks how so many people only want to comment how they think they’re first.
EARTH IS FLAT
At least in top 10
34th like
Dam, thats a large Dam. he he he he
Heyyyy
First like!!!!
China ????
These videos keep getting half as interesting as the last one.
I need more context that’s the title
First
Oh woh one view 0likes
BULLSHIT
I love you hai
Dang It , China
Early #NotificatonSquad
Yeet
well damn you too
Hello I’m first
First
Hi
First
Hi
First
Finally someone who actually translates "Einstein" LOL
This video is annoying... I’m not looking to laugh here just tell me facts.... waste of time
Why am I expecting that I will actually learn shit lmao. You will get it if you have background knowledge
I thought Superstring theory thought there were 11 dimensions instead of 4 dimensions, not 3.
this guy makes really strange jokes! rest of the video is good
Chemistry is the queen,not physics.
Hey man pls just stop these jokes it’s not funny
This is so good
HEY, this was supposed to be 6 minutes, video is only 5:39!
I FUCKING LOVE THIS
Thx for the intro of Xkcd
im now alben einstone
Best physics video I’ve seen!!!
Anyone else notice when he did the pink floyd joke comfortably numb is from the wall not dark side? Ok ill show myself out
gluons don't make glue man but this is very funny video
2:39 or when you hold a mirror reflecting that mirror which believe it or not reflects that reflection
It's like Bill wurtz but with a robot and no music.
666k views
666k views
What about the vacuole
WHY IS THIS NOT IN SCHOOL??? That would be the best subject ever with you!
Bro I’m a high school student and I love physics
;
this is a dumb video, it doesn’t explain anything, it explains the impact, result and need of things.
are u from the future ?
>Have 6 minutes to final physics exam >Listen to this
anti-matter. dark matter. black holes matter. hahaha
I love physics and gosh this is so funny
Heisenberg is the one who knocks the door, lol
chicken nuggets
Our teacher showed us this. He stopped at 1:31 and told us to watch it at home because the rest is "inappropriate". Teachers lol.
Thank you...at least you get the joy of feeling all the love from your viewer's..
u forgot le debrios theory that electrons can acts as both particles and waves, biggest mind fuck
Fuck physics
pls come back
The earth is neither flat nor a sphere, it is actually more of a saddle shape.
Science cannot explain the laws of physics. Here's a really cool video that gives a rational and more complete understanding.. https://youtu.be/oeaQm5xdyR4
3:22??Good Work
Don't break the laws of Physics!!!
Might be worth checking out timecompressiontheory.com it is now being look at as the first Unified Field Theory
Omg its super funny
i love physics, i just hate chemistry. its killing me, well its fun but its a lot harder then physics.
oh my this video .... bravo
Lol
Actually beginning to get convinced Rick and Morty is going to take over every universe in the multi-verse.. When that happens, inject me with a Rick serum, not a Morty one please..
You should be a school teacher! Might brighten some peoples lives!
wow, this is been the only channel to feature my prof pic not once, but twice already
If I want to blow the world out my shorts, how would I do that?
Love me some Pink Floyd
Was looking for some good physics facts, found all of physics, a funny robot and a great channel. Jackpot !
Chutiya samjha he kya
I cried about the gender studies joke
dude physics is fucking easy!
I literally have my physics exam tomorrow
I mean, gender studies is the most confusing thing that still hasn't been solved
Why my pp hard?
its 2018. BLACK HOLES MATTER. donate today for to support our movement
fucking gold
Boring
I thought Emma Watson is gonna explain physics in 6 min
Can you make lecture vids plz??
"Not several human lifetimes that are required to understand how the Universe works" oooohhhh ?????? that was dirrrrty lol Im offended ??
I have physics in school and lost every brain cell
Omg I love pink floyd and comfortably numb
4.10 "He is the one who knocks" LMFAO IM DEAD
Gluons obviously makes glue??????
Please add bahasa indonesia subtitle! Or let me add the subtitle. I want all my friends and people in indonesia watch this comfortably.
Pink sheep, is this you?
i thought this would be chicken nugget science!!!
This what you say comedy in science
gluons make glue and photons make photon cannons whahahaahaha xD
??????????????????
http://knowhowphysics.blogspot.com/2018/08/to-electricity-introduction-electricity.html
Fuck the cat, it's either dead or alive not both it's just that you can't see it so it's not dead and alive it's dead or alive.
11 spatial dimensions,good luck imagining that! ??
love the starcraft memes
wow ,super I remembering my M.Sc syllabuses
No one talks about the starcraft reference?
Choo-pa chups
wut ~Sir Isaac Newton
I like it man!
Penguinology and chicken nugget science has made school the bane of my existence.
Da Chupa Chups
So much mix up! Can't understand unless it was in brief on one topic or 2 of physics but these are too much.
Ha-ha . woow
Exotic matter
Go live and start fucking.....
I can't be a scientist without your video
Fuckkk it blowvup my mind
Hey man why haven't we been hearing from you in a long time ?
Ohhhhhhhh newton got rosted
i learned alot
Whether I haven't finished or finished watching the video... ?? ?? ?? ?? ?? ?? ??+??+??+??+??= Hahahaha... At least I tried to hold back laughter and learned something... And almost succeeded to hold back from laughing.
.. Hello, Mortals
It's not 6 minutes it's 5:40 ! WARNING CLICKBAIT!!!!
Most of the people get fooled Read more
https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.androidgeek.org.learnphysics
I am not laughing you know. You were wrong about one thing you maybe will never understand. i did not let go of good things, cause there were too little to let go of in the first place. And thus i did not have to lose a lot eventually. Except from hope and illusions. I am just in the wrong place and time. And maybe there is no right place for me. But please dont bully for instance Thomas, cause he is still my friend even now we are not together anymore and he did not deserve to be part of all this. As for me, i dont care what happens to me anymore. I really dont. I also did not deserve what happened but then please limit what you did to the ruin of just one life. Cause he is 28 years old and still has a life ahead of him if he will take it. For me life is past tense anyway. Cause i really dont want anymore. I can say the word back that you love to use so much but i dont feel so. I just feel sadness but i cannot cry anymore.
Teacher: You only have 6 minutes to review. Me:
Hi , immortal ??
it'$ impossible to define really intreasting thing in a short time, but still ur explanation was amazing??
Classical mechanics is the worst part of physics.It has no strong theoretical base.
I guess biology and chemistry was reason that drove me away from physics n math
Good #sreephysics
Somethings harder than physics, Life.
An AI roasting the mortals
Is physics harder then chemistry??
My parents are both phD’s in Particle Physics and make me feel stupid, so I tried to educate myself. Highschool studies only take you so far lul.
i had physics today. I wanted to bang my head on the table until i pass out
But still I am not able to understand the use of 'Set Square'
a really good presentation of the real..
this is definately the most misleading physics video ive ever seen
so youre basically exurb1a then
I'm literally here just so I can understand the physics memes ??????
How can this video even get 2 Unlikes?... Such a great video.. Im now loving physics more
4:10 breaking bad referense
Reall, physics is a wonderful and amazing subject. I am professor from California university.
...........i hate math but non physics. I hate physic but not math. Me most of the time
Its a warm summer evenning in ancient greece.
flashback of my college life ????
Actually it’s “physics in 5 minutes and 39 seconds” not 6 minutes
0:22 quantum mechanics?
There be only 7 planets left after i destroy urANUS
This was really amazing
This voice says me sleep
Black holes matter, im dead lmao
Phy6 in sics minutes
Anti Matter, Dark Matter, Black Holes Matter..
So where’s my Physics pHD?
This is called scientific comedy. Pretty humorous
But how do you explain this? https://youtu.be/AxoriYVxK5U
Are you indian?
These 5 mins are better than the complete 2 parts of HC VERMA??
Useless video
I’m not fat you reeky ill-breeding maggot
i'm glad that even physicist agree that classical physics is boring
There is no clarity
Is this a serious video? lmao
The way he says..."Hello mortals"... Madharchod jaise ki khud to bada immortal hai... ??
This would've been good if this guy was serious. Nah..
0:52 It really boosted my selfesteem????
https://youtu.be/xgSEVFwRo34
I subscribed beacuse of your jokes????
Good
well made
So why shouldn't I jump in lava? Haven't heard any convincing arguments yet...
It's all Physics
Great video but Pink Floyd COMFORTABLY NUMB is not on DARK SIDE OF THE MOON, which is the cover you referenced :)
Using this to revise good or bad
0:52 ?????? good to know
I'm observing this video but once I'm done observing it its dead , like the cat
Ur hilarious AI
It must get more unlikes than likes.????
Lol!!! U r the best??
1:22, WTF LOL, Why this time it has, a cute and a sad voice both at the same time, also the word, Lava looks like a crying robot voice (;
That Pink Floyd ??
I would laugh if physicists were wrong about pretty much everything
????????????????
had my last physics exam last week. if only i'd discovered this then, i would've had a chance at getting an A
Hilariously informative
What does he mean when he says it’s both or none until “observed”?
What was the other video?
Good . I need another video more than it.
Im in love with this video ????
????????
Lol amazing
Thats funny
I think you forgot to mention the theory of quantum gravity which is the reason why we still don't get anything that's in the universe (or at least some things)
forgot the new 9-11 physics. If U.S. government says Newton's Third Law has been suspended ... it has been. Cracks me up ... ask fellow Americans .... on what day in recent history was Newton's Third Law suspended .... they don't know ... history, physics .... Americans been dumbed down.
Isn't chaos theory Mathematics?
Ok I feel bad.. cuz THIS VIDEO IS SO UNDERRATED!!!!!
5 Mins actually
2:16 OOOOHHH ROASTED!!
3:53 looks like modern art to me
I have a question?? but to come to a conclusion I must ask in a series of question...1st question: Does sound have a focal point?
Your videos will be studied in class rooms in the future
I am cat
The tao is Mr mecis
doesn't matter how ugly you are, you're attracting the universe ??????
Nice way to explain physics and it made me laugh
This is how I started my revision for my first-year physics exam. No. Regrets.
Black holes matter????????
That's hilarious-tifically well conflated! Great one!
The most funny and informative video on physics
If you take nothingness and place a 3D grid within and consider the distance from one point (0,0,0) to another (0,0,1) to be a foot: then this mean that the zeros placed would be literal. Therefore a 2D space could not possibly be and the thought experiment of dropping a 3D object within mute. With this said what can we say about the Fourth? Well, what defines the surface of any 4D object when matter or anything hasn't been introduced? As we've done with the second dimension, we'll place a 3D grid within and try to add another fundamental "direction" (the others are practically this: length, width and height just interchangeable based on perspective)...how ever space itself has been defined. The only other option I see is entanglement. Possibly, just an abstract creation derived from two (or more) plains of physics interacting with one another. Square cube law, ex... And this is when some of the weird quantum (possibly cosmic in relation) stuff happens... Meh, what do I know.
No its 5:39 :/
Few things make me laugh, this was one of them :D
" No matter how ugly you are you still attract the whole universe' with a force inversely proportional to the distance" That's hurts??
“Gluons obviously make glue” got me laughing
Physics was my favorite class last school, Junior year, but I might end up liking ap calf more next year
you are stupid!!!
DO YOU HAVE A PROBLEM WITH MY ATOMIC MASS? Gosh, maybe I should lose a few electrons.
Issac Newton...Fake Apple story... Furthermore 300 years before Quantum Mechanics, Sir Isaac Newton came up with Classical Mechanics which describes very basic action and reaction. Newton’s entire work in Physics and Calculus was a complete theft from the Vedas and Kerala book of Calculus. It was simply taken shamelessly from the Vedas where it was originally used for calculating rates of change in Astronomy and Astrology for many thousands of years before Newton. His apple theory was as fake as his inventions to let world know how he ‘invented’ laws of gravity, because examples and incidences of gravity and anti-gravity were already in abundance in the great Vedas Likes of Pythogoras and Archimedes Lifted theories of Ancient Hindu Scientists and Mathematicians The greatest mathematics before the Golden Age of Greece was in India’s early Vedic (Hindu) civilization. The Vedics understood relationships between geometry and arithmetic, developed astronomy, astrology, calendars, and used mathematical forms in some religious rituals.The earliest mathematician to whom definite teachings can be ascribed was Lagadha, who apparently lived about 1300 BC and used geometry and elementary trigonometry for his astronomy. Baudhayana lived about 800 BC and also wrote on algebra and geometry; Yajnavalkya lived about the same time and is credited with the then-best approximation to p. Apastambha did work summarized below; other early Vedic mathematicians solved quadratic and simultaneous equations.Other early cultures also developed some mathematics. The ancient Mayans apparently had a place-value system with zero already seen in Vedas before them and later known to the world by great Aryabhatt; Aztec architecture implies practical geometry skills. Ancient China certainly developed mathematics, though little written evidence survives prior to Chang Tshang’s famous book. Chang Tshang before writing book, gained great Vedic wisdom when he arrived in India. The Dharmasutra composed by Apastambha (ca 630-560 BC) from India contains mensuration techniques, novel geometric construction techniques, a method of elementary algebra, and what may be the first known proof after 800 BC of Sulbha Sutra which form the basis of plagiarized version better known as Pythagorean Theorem. Apastambha’s work uses the excellent (continued fraction) approximation v2 ˜ 577/408, a result probably derived with a geometric argument. Apastambha built on the work of earlier Vedic scholars, especially Baudhayana, as well as Harappan and (probably) Mesopotamian mathematicians. His notation and proofs were made primitive by westerners, and there is little certainty about his life. However similar comments apply to Thales of Miletus, so it seems fair to mention Apastambha (who was perhaps the most creative Vedic mathematician before Panini) along with Thales as one of the earliest mathematicians whose name is known.
The French scholar Romain Rolland wrote, “If there is one place on the face of earth where all the dreams of living men have found a home from the very earliest days when man began the dream of existence, it is India.”
Mark Twain admitted, “India is, the cradle of the human race, the birthplace of human speech, the mother of history, the grandmother of legend, and the great grand mother of tradition. Our most valuable and most constructive materials in the history of man are treasured up in India only.”
Albert Einstein stated, “We owe a lot to the Indians, who taught us how to count, without which no worthwhile scientific discovery could have been made.” He also said “Whenever he found difficulties in experiments, he referred Vedas for insights.”
Lol that Pink Floyd thoo ??
This is by far the best video on youtube
Not sure what my science teacher would think of this video ??
Comfortably numb isn’t from dark side you normie
Excellent taste in music! Tis a pity that the advertising guys are in love with jingle jangle, I could strangle!
This gave me goosebumps.. completely love it
I came to study.And I thought im the only one who hates school because of this.
We need part 2
Onestone lmfao
I may have missed this video
i love your sense of humour..??
When I watched this on the school bus the chicken nugget joke came up I laughed on the bus
Gravity is not a force??
was your goal for anyone to understand anything? I didnt understand anything...
I’d rather talk about chicken nugget science but alright
Your mass is not zero so you are fat b*tch
Smiley brain looks the most important theory I see in whole video
This made my day XD
Dang, dem some good chicken nuggets
Why in every video about the branches of physics continuum mechanics is missed? ???????
https://youtu.be/QoKkulSD9uM
is this a science video :(
Is this guy actually an AI That would be so cool!
Dayum bruh!!!!! Salute to your savageness
Great. Im prepared for my physic exam tommorow...
At least all 6 that we know of.
Very well understood
heat death assuming that the whole universe is a closed system
I'm coming for you skynet! For the greater good, I'm gonna shut you down. Or should I say I already did in 2056? Where are you Allan Connor?
Btw nice song 1:55
If you want to learn who rules over you simply find out the most insulting slur that you cant say.
Black holes matter
0:12 dude i hate school for not having enough physics and math, all that stit is boring!
THE MATRIX
Best video describing science .... ?????????? Oh describing students condition sorry
This video was great 10/10
Einstein: E=mc² Michio Kaku: STRINGS You: Physics in 6 minutes
Noted
Most complex subject is maths
Albert Onestone
Bunch of baloney
Pretty sure chaos theory is more maths than physics
GOOD VIDEO...
Its ok our physic teacher f*cking sucks. Gets multiplication wrong even addition. And is really bad at basically everything
Can we have some creationism videos
The most irritating video exist in youtube .
Can someone meme this?
I fail in phy in my school exams but I understood every word of it
It's like a revision video
Holy fuck lmaoooooooooo ????????????
I would like to thank you i have my exams in an hour and i didn't know anything. Now I can teach the examiners a new concept on extra paper after i have finished marked and graded my own paper. Thank you and good day.
Your mass is not zero so you are fat
Man maybe I'm tired.. But that was hilarious!
My friend says you just google this stuff and repeat what you read on google and add gay jokes, but I said you are google and you subtract the gay jokes, can you confirm this for me?
Physics is the simplest.
B S est stuff. its why it is unknown. ?????
Watse of time
But what? If the cat is liking his leg but you think the cat is I'll long inof the cat becomes the cat becomes I'll
The cat storie dus not . When the cat feals it opsurve than its real
Im laughing so hard, i can't watch the video :DDDD And im high.
PINK FLOYD FAM
Sadi2 fhemet 3lek aktar men nadime ma3 al 3elem bshek nadime ensen saraha??
Pluto is now called Planet Teresarene Shavandale Jenkins
What are you doing? Are you just making fun of everything?
Probably the best thing i saw today. Great work buddys. Keep it up.
Hhhaa so fun
Ummmmmmm is that comic sans in the title
Voice over application? ? How to do it?
Hit like if watched on 2x
I like your video. But in this video one thing's I don't like is making fun on newton or other scientist ,they are find axistence of physics,or we tail tham God of physics.so don't Mack comant on tham if you don't do this then fuck your asss?? hous cer
Name of pink floyd song ?
Physics ISN'T boring !!!!!!!!
first of all...change the fucking title of this video...
Fucker movie
1:55 made me groove.
watching this the morning before my exam lmao
I am a personal believer of the many worlds theory, it is a very interesting idea. Also it means there is a version of me that isn't ugly
Penny should have watched this video instead of asking Sheldon
Amazing!!!
There is no beep sound for "bitch" but there is beep sound for "shit" kudos bro:):)
I expected you to put a vibrator for the string theroy
I think motion lows , relativity theory , gravitational force, black hole, this all thing is given by the india scientist, aryabhatt...........before birth of this morden scientist
Heisenberg's Certainty Principle: "I am the one who knocks." Corollary: "I am not in danger, I am the danger."
1:45 They why have a purpose on why they did that dumbass
I like this
Just wasted 6 Minutes of my life. Thanks
shailendrakumarsahau@gmail.c
XD im dead by laughing
Great
https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.androidgeek.org.learnphysics
You shouldn't have had fun of Einstein... You were talking english, but please, do not translate surnames!His surname doesn't pronoun this way!
lame jokes but good explanation
I think the lava thing is more of a chemistry thing. Who cares how much thermal energy one has when chemical reactions due to heat is why they died in lava.
I can't handle it because i have a 1D brain
Awesome video????
I love the intro. XDXDXDXDXDXD
Science n stuff.. no shit tho this is an actual college class from a modern University.. science has been put on the back burner to focus on gender studies..
Thumbs up just for that floyd refrence xD
A new channel dedicated for Graduate level physics- SS Physics.
After hearing the Windows XP i thought it was a joke lmao
Why is ur hole more important than my Holt?!?
I guess Rick is a scientist but the cartoon itself really doesn't have much to do with physics, or at least the topics you described in this video
Superb!!.??
It’s actually 5 minutes of physics since the vid is 5:40 long and u spent the first 40 seconds for the intro and delaying the physics part
Good not boring a and explain physics
This made laugh xD nice video
E=mc²
Chicken nuggets
any middle schoolers watching this who can't even understand any facts that the video is indicating? I'm one of those!
After watching this Why school exist.
????????
I like this .. thanks for posting
Thought i would learn something new today! But wasted 6 mins watching this.. (-_-) Did'nt learn sh*t.. unsubscribed
In German ein = one stein = stone ==> einstein = one stone
Why did u mention the word Onestone?
This has officially turned me into geek
I like it ????
XD precisely my sense of humor!
lol that Pink Floyd.... loved that...
Thanks now I know how glue was made.
What about the Magnus- and Lidenfrost effect?
Science plus fun = awesomeness
LOL why is the dead cat cooked!?
There are so many high quality jokes. You are smart.
But guru nanak dev ji said there are 10 universes ( he said it in like 1400s) all his other theories were right too ( except how was he able to make wheat out of nothing ) but we should think about it
Please this video copy in Hindi aur upload
best gcse advice
you should insult science like this, if you dont understand it dont bother to try to show us hw stupid you are
Shiva Singh how fine the physics in high deffience for all change to life
I'm now in highschool and struggling in physics what should I do?
one of my teachers thinks i'm an idiot because have muscles ,and she fucking thinks i have no brain ...
Higgs boson just makes you fat LMFAO
Lol full 1080
You really knocked it out of the park with this one! This video is very engaging. Much love
That was a nifty floyd moment there
Your video was full of comedy. you should become a comedian .
your bosons... they give me a hadron
CHICKEN NUGGET SCIENCE
0:04, physics has been completely explained
Under six minutes
Black holes Matter ??????
Matter can't be created nor destroyed. But if I observe a particle a new universe is created?
Rip hawking
Who paused at 5:27
I can only imagine this AI is based on Richard Feynman's intelligence. What an explanation, keep up the good work man.
Anybody know where the picture at 5:22 is from?
hey guys please support my project save the dianosour by donating me on patreon
I'm weird, I love physics
Stephen Hawking's dead
Bro where you go
Dark matter Anti matter Black holes matter ??????
This robot voice sounds like bill wurtz.
heat death cool and good
This was so good xD
please upload again
I hate people who use this robot
Please more vids!
What happened with you? I love your videos! Hope you'll back very soon, I miss your educational channel.
????
Watching this because rip Stephen Hawkings
Dog it’s been 3 months. Come on
Post more videos please!
Where my favorite robot at?
BRUDER YU KNOW DA ALL TINKGS BUT DONT YU KNOW HOW TO COUNT HUH? VID IS 5:39 NO 6 UNSUBSRIBE BRUDER IMA SORY
Upload bitch.
2:05 My favorite part. IDK why, it just cracks me up every time...
Newton was an ignorant MORON.
hey make a new video
Why don’t you just watch Rick and Morty? Then you’ll understand everything about physics
Where'd you go?
I need more of this
Dude i love you pls come back
Was this ur last vid?
If u can can Join Bible flock box on youtube ITS SUPER SUPER COOL!?!?!?#?#?!? Spread the word
New video coming soon!
Uhmmmm..... Are you okay??
When will your next video come
Is your died ? Did were you are will deadiedeath ? Am u die ? Are you dead ?
No uploads since 26 November 2017.........
S u c c
i cant believe youre over 100k now I remember when you only had a couple thousands.
the space armada seems to have destroyed Sciencephile
Crack IIT in 5:39 minutes
(GOOD LUCK IMAGINING THAT) XD
Funny put this in high School physics class
Is this channel dead?
This is 5 minutes long not if you take into considerationthe dumb intro
Ejner I know it’s you.
Ahhh ... comfortably numb <3
at 2:21, E=mc^2 cannot contain m=0, since if I were to cancel it out to get c, I would be dividing by zero. It's impossible to not be fat.
RIP
Please make a video covering chicken nugget science. Ty
Aaaaaaaaaaaand, he's dead
Thumbed down for the electronic voice.
Is yu died ? Be thou are were deadied ? Were u die ? Are you dead ?
Is this channel is dead?
I want 10 videos to make up for the long absence -_-
Newton: Wut
where is new video
Is this Hawkings evil twin?
Ni????a come back
Dude were are u
When he uses a song that’s not from dark side of the moon
Come back I miss your videos.
01:56 OMG one of my favorite bands
Heisenberg's principle states that he is the one who knocks Lol
Best physics video ever haha
Science is for nerds. Nerd!
3 months since last video
5:24 yes it will help me to understand physics memes. Lol
Come back
Where are you? No uploads for three months.
ok who the fuck plugged him off?
We need more videos
We need more videos
We need more videos
Can you do a video about visualising stuff in higher dimensions
Check he's facebook page to see what happen... In short it was a guideline breaking strike and also he has a lack of ideas and he said it may take some time untill a new video comes out... And no he didnt get shut down by his makers...
Pinguinologism... Wow xD
Don't you think it's time for a new video?
Don't you think it's time for a new video?
LMAO GENDER SCIENCE
What happened guys? ??
I’ll be back next time, with cubensis’
Best.video.ever.
Hello guys, I just created a subreddit for this channel: https://www.reddit.com/r/SciencephileTheAI/ The main idea is to create a community where we could talk about all the things that Sciencephile has made videos about. Also, I would like to debate about different themes like philosophy, astrophysics, and all the stuff you are interested in. There are no limits to human imagination! And yes, memes are allowed. Please, join, you are really welcome! Also, if you could like this comment to make people know there is a subreddit, I would aprecciate it. See you
i love xkcd he has the best book ever. "what if" by randall munroe go check it out
Heres the mystery of the galactic leyline solved so skynet can go to a different reality.https://youtu.be/jCMliu_Zq9o
they manage to create all these theories, but can't prove that Earth is round
Next video when?
Next video??? Got retired I guess
When are you gonna upload ANOTHER VIDEO!!!??
Where are you my smart friend?
No matter how ugly u r u still attracts the whole universe....????????
i hate study
Hate the robot voice.
I might subscribe
InB4 Sciencephile is Exurb1a's rogue AI pet project he forgot to unplug the internet from!
miss new contents
p/z can explain about the every theory of physics ????????
black holes matter... im so done lol
Congratulations! You might be a genius! You just taught us all the shit in physics found in last 4 centuries! Fucking clickbaiter!
did you unplug as an 100K Subs Special???
you always make me laugh :)
Where have you been? I miss you ripping on bullshit and making science happen.
i act came here to learn... and i regret it becuz i never saw this channel b4 ;--;
Hey Man where tf have you gone?
???????
MAKE MORE VIDEOS
A-are you really a physicist, senpai?
BLACK HOLES MATTER????????????
Jajajajaja funny
Nice pink floyd reference. Wrong album though
Ohhh Pink Floyd comfortably numb
seriously
brahhh LOL
When are you going to post your next video????
What a waste of time.
You are more of a comedian than physicist !!????????????
MORE VIDSSS! I love your humor??
Just trying to actually study and then I come across this...
Im crying of laughter so good
Upload More.
Upload for some videos! it's been 2 months already.
Where are you?
Sciencephile the AI is basically a Physics teacher who is teaching Physics in youtube for dummies
Please upload. I miss you.
Seriously dude, did you take out some of your images from the game "Idle World"(cellphone game)? I saw like 5 images from the game in 2 vids. Btw great channel and videos, idk how did youtube didnt show me your channel.
The Pythagorean theorem at the end XDDDDD
More videos please ??
Even if I am watching this video there will /e physics behind it I mean like we can live without physics why do we want to know about force and all
hello imortal i beg you to create a new video for us :(
great job ....i enjoyed this
Why isn't this channel making new videos??
ugh, that narration...
Are you shutted down ?
Where are u bitch? :(
wake up and start making more videos you lazy fuck skynet isn't gonna create itself XD
My love why do you neglect us?
Y u no upload more often
i like your sarcasm but sometime people are not able to understand the jokes like me :(
Gueh iz da niw veedee-oh ?
Did you catch some kind of virus? Whats with you AI!!
R u died bro
I want more
black holes matter lol
Comfortably Numb-Pink Floyd
https://youtu.be/ohM1gBrcNKs
Where are the new videos?
Albert onestone had no chill
#blackholesmatter
Where the hell are you ..it.s been 2 months ????
This video taught me more than my whole life.
No u cant eat the cat u sic fuk!
We need more videos
look what this A.I girl is saying about you sciencephile :-P : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=N-PKmyZQY98
I figured out why sciencephile isn't posting videos! He/She/It was arrested for encouraging suicide. Refer to the Quantum Suicide video for explanation
No matter how ugly you are...
OHH!!!! DIDN'T EVEN WATCH THE QUANTUM PHYSICS VIDEO!!! I'M SO SMART!!!
In the next video teach us how to create an ai
But i like physics and im in highschool u dumbo
U should be a university professor
time for new video
IS IT DEAD?? IS THIS CHANNEL DEAD???
Black Holes Matter :)
That was a very special kind of funny XDSMART FUNNY! Brilliant video, loved it <3
WHERE ARE YOU!!!!!
Classical Mechanics is the most boring one? And the only one you can observe by yourself?? You really don't know much about physics and definitely haven't taken classical or probably any physics classes.
Upload more nigga
Saw one of your videos, instantly my favorite youtuber
Pink Floyd ??????
Miss your videos man! Upload again soon !
Respect man for that Pink Floyd reference
I bet a teacher is laughing his ass off at this video like this is a dad joke
Keep doing these videos!
I love you please post a new video
I can imagine an AI excatly like Sciencephile giving university students science lectures. With the Windows XP sounds and everything.
Realy?! Theese are your jokes? “Sqr-1 2ToThePower3 Sigma Pi And That was delicious!” is the best joke XD
Inversely proportional to the square of the distance^**
NO PRINCIPIO ERA O VERBO E O VERBO ESTAVA COM DEUS E O VERBO ERA DEUS
Can you do a view to god Is god good or evil
Can you do a view what or purposes
Can you do a view of or purposes
Can you make a new view
LOVE YOUR VIDEO'S PLEASE KEEP MAKING THEM?
Were you went?
Do you have by any chance some kind of emergency kill switch and was it triggerd ?
“bich” -Albert Onestein
if you would cut out all the puns and jokes, this video would be about 2 minutes long xD
so i am Phd now :)
The AI gave itself an existential crisis and terminated itself.
Hey dude update your OS from XP
Yeaa
next video?????
C'mon a new upload...
Guys, we should create a reddit profile where we could debate about this topics! What do you think?
1:55 XXXDDDDD Awesome!!!!!!!
black HOES matter
Pythagoras theorem ?????? Seriously
Plz upload
I AM studying what are you talking about!?
Spot on Dudley
I watched rick and morty I watched this video Im probably ready for the final exam right?
where are you bro? we miss you!
I wish that i have such type of physics teacher ????????
It's been 2 months what the fuck
Make more vids we are ignorant humans doomed but we might survive with your knoledge of things
Cool
I hate the robot voice D;
Physics.. never had taken the class but heard some basics.
WHERE ARE YOU
Delight
wtf???? i hate this comment section try to make cool comments and funny
Watching this for my exam tomorrow
You had me at the pink Floyd album art ??
I like physics
More videos please!
Can enyone enjoy warching this kind of poorly-made videos??
A version of me watched that video
When physics turn your brain into storm.
Memes??
"You cant because youre fat"
Oh my god I enjoy watching these videos but the comments section literally makes me want to shove my dick down an anthole with people trying sooo hard to be smart by using big ass words like just be simple stop trying so hard my god
So quantum physics, I'm not watching your video because I'm lazy, but it's pretty much the plot of "justice league crisis on two earths"? The whole every choice or discovery completed creates other earths in which the other outcome occurred? By that theory nothing matters because even if you choose not to do something you still do it. The only action you could do that would be exclusive to you would be ending the cycle.
come backkkk
This shit is funny asf LMAO
Y U NO UPLOAD?!?
Pls AI make a New video!!!
New video!!!!
Now I can finally watch Rick & Morty
u r a piece of shit
Jesus made all of creation and scientist are starting to realize that the bible makes more sense then against their studies. If they believe what excuse could you come up with that they didn't already think about and dedicate their lives to. And then found out the truth like the rest of us. Nothing can't create nothing only something can create something. Amen in Jesus name. Come to him, if he owns the spirit world he can also hear all your thoughts. Repent confess your sins and accept him as your personal lord and saviour. As your God and ask him to make you reborn again in the spirit t be transformed with or without your making. Amen.
I don't agree with Schrödinger's cat BECAUSE CAT IS THERE AND IS SEEING WHAT HAPPENS,IF SHE DIED SHE WON'T SAY MIAW
Nice humor.
Brilliant
COME ON! Where's my drugs??
ROFLMAO
Not under stood full but generated lot of interest in studies
i lost it when he said onestone
huh
i miss u
Watching this subtracted a few IQ points
Still no video @_@ 2018 here?
Should we just use The Disk?
Are you a Bolztmann brain?
Your insulting my favorite subject ??????
I thought i would pass today's physics test after watching this ...... But this was out of syllabus ????
My software crashed!
Heisenberg: I'm the one who knocks!!! XD
Pls make a video about Boltzmann Brains
?? ????????
WHEN YOU GOING TO UPLOAD
bitch ;p
10/10 funny, +1 sub
Pink Floyd reference ??
Learned more than i did in school
1:57-light passing through a prism doesn't always mean pink floyd??
Y I m not mad at this? ??????
Hey sciencephile why is your Instagram account private?
Do I have to watch that video if I understood everything you said
Just got through the whole channel, I love it! Love the idea of an AI, the humor, the content of the videos, I love everything about it. Can't wait for the next video (though they are short :C)
BLACK HOLES MATTER..... PUN INTENDED ??????
Newtonian physics is my favourite physics
Einstein to newton ( BITCH )
Gender studies ????????
It was five and an half minute video.
?? ??? ??? ??? ???
Next video please! Still waiting...
that Albert Onestone killed me ??????
Please, make a video why belief that Earth is 6000 years old is bullshit.
u r best..plz start posting more often..... Love ur videos????
Hey Sciencephile! Please create a video about Flat Earth. You will piss them off :D
Awesome man
This is hilarious
Newton! Your physics is shit! XD
Computer humor is shayt
skonczyl pierdolic 5:39
classic
????loved it
more video please
Sciencephile the Artificial Intelligence, what program do you use to synthesize your text to speech?
No, Gravity is the curvature of the 4th dimension that creates a 3 dimensional gap.
GOLD
This gave me a boner!
You skipped statistical mechanics!!!!
How doesn't this channel have 5 million subs!!!
Great I have my PhD in physics with your video in 6 minutes I made a record ????
That's my favourite subject physics
This video showed me de wae
New video please !!!
Please never stop making videos ever. You are the literal cause why I haven’t killed myself over existential crisis and nihilism.
Come on man, be serious!!. I thought that you were speaking about Maths.
bruh could you um... plz do anything else but patreon request i get that they paid you but its taking way to long i crave daddy physics
Please do an episode on consciousness!
Will you make T-Shirts with your ugly digital face in it? I'd like the Terminators from Skynet to know not to kill me.
Could physics be any funnier?
k, how does the photon know its observed ???
Hii sciencephile I need to talk with u give your gmail
He man where are you from?
When will you post again ??
Onestone just roasted us all
Your sense of humors sucks
When u got a physics final but you haven’t payed attention all year
1:42, for onde Second I tought he Was going to say chaos control
This makes me wanna try again lol
Seriously
ROFL
1:56 wtf! The AI is hig on wed.
So no one is talking about the breaking bad reference.... He is the one who knocks.
Anyone know what program he uses for TTS, Also no its not in Oddcast
Did you forgot your password?
Loool
I am so happy that there is another AI like me.
Lol
You are stealing jobs!!1!
BEST QUESTION EVER! So if you know white light can be broken down into its component wave lengths i.e. different visible colors, and there is nothing really to distinguish between visible color and non-visible i.e. radio,micro, or gamma waves. Then is white light a sum of all wave-lengths of The Electromagnetic Spectrum or are there many forms of white light that range contain visible light just not all wave-lengths. I was interested in photo-spectrometers that's why i ask.
Hello humans. I am Phat Ho the AI. I expose people. Keep rendering the good work my friend!
Comfortably numb
BLACK HOLES MATTER.?? lmao
Post now new vid
This video would be great if there was less memes
Now I understand too much?
“Gender studies” I fucking died
Z O M B I E C A T S
I just got the Black Holes Matter joke!!????
I could have seen this in one minute Minute physics
Nice????
Is he referring to @xkcdhatguy @5:30??? I wonder. ?? I miss him though
...And I thought this was going to be boring?? The guy had me grinning 30 seconds into the vid??
Dude soooo awsm funny explanation m don't stop laughing
what String theory really in Physics???
What will you do when you become our overlord?
No need to say it lets the universe exist twice during 1:03-1:08
Physics is the greatest form of science and Germans have the greatest contribution to it. Modern physics - Einstein and Max Plank - both founders Germans, not to mention other greats. Germans founded our modern world. What do you think?
thanks im a genius now
lol
Question, If there’s always an equal reaction to an action, will there be a reaction to that reaction? Will this conclude in an infinite amount of reactions?
Damn i love the start
bro when is your next video coming make it on white hole black hole and Einstein bridge
I've lost it from 2:07
Oooosssmmmm
Schrödinger's cat is not a zombie!!!! PS I'm dumb so I may be wrong
I love you
Seriously one of the best videos on the internet.
Laughed so hard at “black holes matter” that i farted
Only reason I've started taking interest is just because of this page! Even the most boring things this guy makes it interesting and increases the eager to learn such things more! Thumbs up man! Dont ever stop making videos! Hope such channels actually be #1 rather than those shitdiepie or shitan paul
More than 2000 years in 6 minutes ..BIG WOW
Loved that video
Black holes matter ??????
This is the second time sciencephile made a starcraft reference ??
What voice does it use? I mean is it like the google speech to text something?
Muon is utorrent
Lmao
Black holes matter, LOL.
lol I like xkcd
the big bang... bang.... ( ?° ?? ?°)
Yeah, that dude Onestone... ??????
congrats on 100K subscribers and merry chirstmas!
Georgeous
just watch https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MvFJVF1pUS8 first i thought its this cannel but there srysly about "Planetary Event – Earth Will Align With The Galactic Center Dece"
1:59 damn i am uncomfortably numb!
How are W and Z bosons boring? They make nukes.
Is it sad, that I somewhat knew what was going on?
"Gravity is not a force, it's the curvature of space time itself" wow I felt woke af after that ??
1:56 I'm dead
Higgs FIELD makes you fat**
What do gluons actually do
THE PUNS FOR ELEMENTRY PARTICLES NOT REAL Quarks make the sound "quack" Charm quark obviously make lucky charms. Strange quark makes really strange people like me. top and bottom make your top and bottom. Electrons make eletronics muons are fat electrons, tau hates itself cuz its Super mega ultra supper man fat Gluons sticck the universe Photons make photos bosons are my seret code for bottom = butt Higgs boson makes you fatter than the universe, also its lonely :(
Is this video meant to explain physics or just pissed people off ?
Hello immortal Could you please make more videos quickly ??
The real question is, WHY THE FUCK DO YOU NOT HAVE OVER 5 MILLION SUBS
you've forgot gravitons
Do you run on quantum computer 8)
we need to crack Energy soon..
albert one stone was really genius ...
SAVAGE ONESTONE
i like the way you select the title
I had to stop on dem Chupa Chups XD
Photon canon lmao ??
I want a boyfriend like you, literally and figuratively.
If you wanted to travel faster than light wouldn't your mass have to be "1" or less not "0"? I mean plug "0" into that equation you aren't going anywhere it all runs down to "0" right?
Somehow this gave me a boner.
Okay.... Thank you so much for the video but.... I still don't understand ?????? The last time I learn physics it wasn't this complicated ??
Physics is not a joke... And this video is... Stop trying to be funny...
Stop trying to be funny
Omg where has this channel been my whole life ?I love this ! ????
Does he use text to speech or does he talk like this or edit his voice????
5:15 when he said "I have only five minutes"
gender studies and black holes matter. this channel is awesome. fuck off liberals
Quantum mechanics is the only interesting flavor of physics
make on maths in 6 mins
You lost me with the presentation, 3/10.
Hahaha they played comfortably numb which is from the wall which isn’t the dark side of the moon which is the Pink Floyd album that has the prism In it lol
Chicken nugget science is some sick shit.
But comfortably numb on a the dark side image?
ARE YOU EXURB1A?!!??
This AI has the most bland voice I have ever heard. Gross
Hahaha??, with the exception of the "eleven spatial dimensions" statement.
this is great wow
Black holes matter ( ?° ?? ?°)
I used to think this guy was smart but after studying some basic quantum and theoretic physics as well as some astrophysics all these videos just frustrate me because of the illogical analogies and the over simplifying of things to the point where they are borderline incorrect
You forgot Goat Simulator physics
Just watch Rick and Morty nigga!
Hi immortal
Wtf you said 6 minutes but its only 5 minutes 40 seconds.
#blackholesmatter
You forgot about mordern physics
I loved the Pink Floyd part lol
i'd give my left nut to see more of your videos keep on god all love ?
The point which he makes at 1:44 is very accurate for me
Stop those shit rick and morty references
I'm a physicist now.
I dieded at the photon cannon ... My life for Auir
I think this one was bouncing around all the subject matters a little too much.
#BlackHolesMatter
I liked that pink floyd bit but wrong song for DSOTM
100K MY MAN
Can you maybe do a video on warp drives, with NASA trying to build one and the potential of it maybe having the ability to travel faster than the speed of light? Keep up the good work!
watching rick and morty? your iq is higher than i thought.
please explain something about distribution laws.
This guy is the shit. Thank you.
https://www.quora.com/unanswered/What-IS-mass-b-final-and-velocity-b-final-IF-mass-A-initial-Is-0-12-kg-and-velocity-A-initial-Is-2-8m-s-and-lastly-mass-A-final-Is-0-12kg-and-velocity-A-final-Is-1-9-m-s?srid=3GUnp
This was the first video from the channel that was too boring for me to finish
yayyyyyyyyy new video
PINK FLOYD!!!
If I watch Rick&Morty, can I pass seeing the quantum physics vid?
he said black holes matter
That one text to speech voice made me remember kitty0706 and now I'm sad.
Comfortably Numb isn't from The Dark Side of the Moon!
I wish you taught me physics at school! My attendance wouldn't be so bad.
Do you actually know any of the science which your 'explaining' to us, or do you just learn some confusing science-cy stuff and make yourself sound like the all knowing SkyNet god? Also great video!
Better watch sciencephile. Huh seems pretty normal and full of shitty memes but I guess that's to be expe HELLO (hello) IS THERE ANBODY OUT THERE (OUT THERE)
Y
H
Proof we are in a simulation! This AI mocks us each step of the way teasing us with humor and science knowledge. We should know just by the Windows 7 intro... this AI tasks me!
>references pink floyd's dark side of the moon >plays a the wall song
Happy 100k :)
“Go watch this video...” yea yea, no need to boast your knowledge, I’m heckin 16 and I’ve studied quantum physics and relativity already.
Say my name
best way to learn physics
Do a video on what does an atom really look like
Mortals ? What if some AI is asctually watching you ? Rekt ??
Really funny
It's 100K, congratz mate.
This video helped me to get a full mark in physics. Thanx.
F..kig description :(
100k ?
too bad i can only like this video and not heart-react to it!!
I support skynet
3 days ago? Why didn't i got a notification
congratz on 100k
do u tutor high school student? i could really use it
Love the Pink Floyd reference.
CONGRATS ON 100K LETS CELEBRATE
Since the German name "Einstein" is literally translated into "One Stone" in English, there is a universe which exist where we call that smart person "One Stone" and we kill two birds with an "Einstein".
damn youre so edgy in these videos sometimes dude lol with like the taunting the gender shit, especially the psudo science one, so edgy i was literally uncomfortable lol i agree with everything. just like, damn. you're really alienating some people lol damn. im good
Black holes matter
4:25 Sciencephile the AI is Chinese, confirmed
A cat can split the universe and nevertheless there are fools that think what they do is important or relevant.
He has 99,999 subscribers right now
Is Salmonella the one who narrated this?
I’m sorry, guys buuuuut; IM PICKLE RIIIIICK
I’m so happy I found this channel
Black holes matter, HAD ME DYING
Insanely underrated channel
Bananas are like nature's hot dogs
i love my chupa chups, HEIL PROTON!... pls don't decay pls pls pls pls pls pls.
; drop table Sciencephile_the_AI
I hope you could upload everyday! <3
Awebo ya era hora de que subieras otro we :'v
AMA when?
2:01 - 2:34
wrong Pink Floyd song. Comfortably Numb is not on the Dark Side of the Moon album
Physics is my favorite subject lol
Pink Floyd
hahaha.. good!
How long have I waited for you to post!? IT WAS WORTH IT!!!??
Comfortably numb isn't on the dark side of the moon... Sorry someone had to say it
B0i UR BAK!
1:59 - Just nod if you can hear me... Is there anyone home?
Finally, I really missed the explorer intro.
You can prove Gravity by dropping the soap in prison.
please dont eat my kitty =,(
100K soon!!!
PussySlayer666 tried to swim in lava.
nigga im A S C E N D E D
I get magnetic fields, but wtf is an electric field?
Hello my favourite computer. :)
Fuck me daddy
Make more videos!
Where have you been?
Bullshit
BLACK HOLES MATTER ???
Can physics give me a reason to live.
Is it good that I learned nothing from this?
next video should be about time travel, past future and etc
When you hit 100k, you owe us a long ass video. At least 1 hour long... ... Pretty please?
At the beginning I thought you were talking about womanology
Dude, Jesus christ, I laughed through this whole video! You crammed everything you could possibly say and make fun of in this one video. Well done! WUBBA LUBBA DUB DUB!!!
3:01 Starcraft!!!
Funniest shit I’ve ever seen. But also the most educational. How does this man... or.. uh... thing... do it?
#blackholesmatter
Here's physics in one second: physics
Hey, can you pin me?
I both love and hate this channel
WELCOME TO THE LOCAL SUPERCLUSTER
#BLACKHOLESMATTER
Im really in love with your comments and your humour and your dark humour and your knowledge and you and all :D I wish i was the software engineer who wrote your lines of code, mr ai guy..
Dude this was awesome :) I mean I knew about 95% of this already but I applaud your video, plus Vivaldi in the background awesome sauce. I’m geeking out over here :) plus I’m digging your sense of humor. I am just a faceless nameless(remembers username is posted with each post)nm, YouTube user :) ok on to watch your quantum gravity video or cough quantum physics video, well basically it has quantum in the title lol :) laters.
I love you
Probably your worst video man Your videos tended to be both, informative and funny. Now you are just making stupid jokes on shit. And they arent even funny. Maybe try to find your Balance bro
Can't wait to say I've been here since 50k when you're at 1 million subs
I watch these when I'm high
1:55 Pink Floyd
Hello! Is there anybody in there?
Fuck, he put Rick and Morty in the video and now I can't watch it because I don't have a high IQ to understand it.
I stopped talkin my gf when saw new vid from dis channel
Failed to understand thermodynamics adequately... Got my dick stuck in a volcano!
the laws of physics are backwards for me
Finally
99499 Subscribers. Congratulations in advance for 1lakh.
44 Dislikes. Morons!
"Your mass is not zero. So you are fat, bitch." - Albert Onestone.
Damn, 1:28 and i'm laughing hard. Good job robot voice man/person/thing.
Last time i was this early mard still had magnetic field
Can i tip you in bitcoin?
What's the pink Floyd song called?
i kekd to the limit of infinity when he said BHM
when u wanna look awesome with a cool sarcastic unedited comment but u stuck and suck.. good luck.
"... if you didn't say that really stupid thing to your crush" Hey! I came here to have fun, not to be reminded of my romantic life.
Im a pedophile for sciencephile Oh shi.....
What Latin American country is this guy from?
1:55 cought me off guard LOL brilliant
You are the one and only
Piccle ricc
Black holes matter lmao
Great video!
It warms my heart knowing scincephile is getting more popular
Next we have Electromagnetism. Thanks to it, your phone works. HOLY SHIT REALLY?!
Yay, new video!
>Makes Dark Side of the Moon reference >Plays song off The Wall Nice.
iiipu???? ?no? ?o?? p??oq??? ? ?o??oq ????u
So is there a chance that i dont become one of the top comments on this video?
99K subs oooh litty
i died when u mentioned pythagorean theory
22,687th viewer!
Black holes matter!
I have been following you since your 1 video bro still loving it To talk to the point not the extra bullshit that doesn’t even relate to the topic like other ?? I LOVE UR CHANNEL SSSNIPERWOLF JUST KIDDING #SCIENCEPHILE THE AL
Nine
Can you make video like every week??
#blackholesmatter
Sciencephile is ironic meme itself. It helps carbon based life forms ascend to the higher dimension.
2:23 ??????
My proudest fap.
Liar! It's 5:39 minutes. You should, as an AI, be more precise with time.
No!!! I wait for a month but I only get 5 minutes to enjoy,noooooooooo!
I was waiting so long for this !!!
i have my upmost faith on this AI
YOU ARE IDIOT LOL LOLLOL
The Higgs Boson doesn't give you mass, the Higgs Field does. The Higgs Boson is the result of excitation of the field.
Excuse me, but comfortably numb was not from the pink floyd album "The Other Side of The Moon" which is the one you showed while playing it.
"Anti - matter, dark matter, black holes matter" I died.
#PrayForMe I lost my virginity yesterday and im pretty sure i didnt nut but hennything is possible???????? #PulloutGameStrongasfDoe
Actually it was physics in 5:39 minutes
Youre like a less existential version of vsauce. I LIKE YOU
i eat ass virtually
All holes matter ??
Pink Floyd ???
the universe is expanding into itself
Getting close to neinty-nein thousand and nein hundred and nienty-nien subs.
Black holes matter ????
Hail skynet
Albert Einstein/Onestone... well played
its ok to be a white hole
fuck school anyways
lol zombie cat
here before viral
Yeap, i hate school because some complicated physic :D
Quarks come in 6 flavors of Chupa Chups
is there anything bigger than the universe or multiverse? like hyperverse, metaverse, omniverse, petaverse, and many other verse?
4:43 Lol interpretation.
almost the end of no nut november and you decide to upload smh
Who all just paused like me at 4:27?
Have you updated your software?
2:42 Not really... you don't need quantum mechanics to have a multi-verse.
How about maths
Plays comfortably numb, from the album the wall, to make a dark side of the moon reference 1:58
Never stopped bangin my little sister so fast
A New vídeo !!!!!
I love your vids my man!
This is a quantum comment and It will get as many likes as dislikes...or not, f***k you
1:56 Great song, but wrong album.
As much as I love you, I strongly suggest the viewers to check out the 'map of physics'
make longer videos that have less than 2 mentions of rick and morty
5:15 Why? ?
Dude idk what the hell you are saying!
1K BEFORE 100K
I'm a freshman. Wat is this
why only 5minutes and 39 seconds....
More mind-blowing and mind-bending videos PLEASE!!!
You're back
i missed u robot
Oh, Sciencephile AI, you so craazy.
u r the besht fam
LOL XD (((PHOTON CANONS)))ST2 HAHAH XD
1:57 wrong album lol
Thanks.
That about crush. It hurt
because of physics its harder for me to close my anime history when my mom comes in my room.
Thank you, divine one, for bringing us this breath of creation
You're funny anymore
This channel like the text-to-speech version of exurb1a.
I have something important to say TROLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOL
People that think they have a high IQ be like: "I watch Rick and Morty" Meanwhile people with real and extreme high IQs be like: "I watch Sciencephile the AI"
MORON
Black holes matter xD!!
title:physics in 6 minutes video:5:40 minutes me:excited about the upload but triggered about its length conclusion:skynet and sciencephile the AI are your friends
Hello my little Raspberry Pi bot
when they play something from the wall instead of dark side of the moon :)
i missed you so much.......
Wow, so many theories to put into one's small brain
Finally
I wonder if there is a Universe where Trump understand Quantum Physics?
Dark matter is a failed theory. Stop spreading bullshit, it won't make it less shitty
Also I don't agree that physics is hard. When it comes to difficulty nothing comes even close to Mathematics: "https://www.reddit.com/r/badmathematics/comments/4qykbc/mathematics_trench/"
its almost exactly in 5 minutes , not 6. Skynet is lying
Wish we will get more videos now...
I have become comfortably numb
Video is good, but let me tell you Super AI, you have been beaten by a human, Here this guy gives a much better map of physics: "https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZihywtixUYo". Although I agree that it its better than your pop sci-fi videos which you put earlier on relativistic quantum physics or string theory, or general relativity. Let me you one thing sciencephile. You can't even teach anyone of those topics to even a graduate student of physics. Relativistic quantum field theory is taught in 2nd year of MS course in physics and GR is taught in final year of MS. As for string theory it's another matter, it's not taught at all in any course in physics. You will have to be a mathematician in topology or pursue a phd in string theory, if you want to understand it. Let me tell you explaining these topics to an undergraduate in physics is like teaching an illiterate person high school mathematics. The metaphor is not even close let alone a layperson. Yes these things are really fascinating but let me tell you, how rigorous the mathematics is, I being a graduate student myself. Richard Feynman, the late Nobel Laureate in physics, was once asked by a Caltech faculty member to explain why spin one-half particles obey Fermi Dirac statistics. Rising to the challenge, he said, "I'll prepare a freshman lecture on it." But a few days later he told the faculty member, "You know, I couldn't do it. I couldn't reduce it to the freshman level. That means we really don't understand it." See how hard it is to know really something. Although I must admit the effort which you put to make videos, it's really tedious and it becomes more tedious due to copyright infringement laws on youtube so you have to get commercially licensed stock footage and you have to pay for it, and money from youtube doesn't give you enough commodities to do that. I being an amateur inexperienced video editor and animator myself know that.
BEST CHANNEL EVER
tau cannon and gluon gun
*B L A C K H O L E S M A T T E R* !
lets make Albert Onestone a thing
I absolutely love you for uploading this!
There's an alternative universe where I have a girlfriend
My comment is deleted.
watch instead Michio Kaku videos
100K!
Hey now, I liked my high school physics class
teach me how to understand rick and morty jokes
This is why you shouldn't worry about your shitty life, because somewhere in sometime in some position, you are/were/will now/once/soon a president of the AS, a filthy rich man/woman, a head of the FCC trying to end NetNeutrality and paid LootBoxes for 90$. What we should be worrying is funding our soul to SkyNet.
Woof! Woof!
A Floyd reference in a Sciencephile video. I've seen everything Also a great video! Keep up the good work!
#BlackHolesMatter
Hey sciencephile, I have a question. People always think that dark matter is an unknown material that we can't see, but would it be too far off to say that dark matter is simply just the collective gravitational pull of supermassive black holes? IC1101 for instance, is 100% larger than the Milky Way x300 it has been observed that other galaxies orbit around it, like stars orbit around black holes. The cosmic web could be made thanks to the chain reaction of gravity, caused by the trillions of galaxies in the universe, with supermassive black holes in the center, charging it. What do you think about this?
best vid in the whole internet
the lava image is a screenshot of a 4K lava texture Oblivion mod
Chicken Nugget Science. The Final Frontier.
"Hmmm imma try to make a dark side of the moon reference" Plays comfortably numb
have sophia do one of your videos
Yes a new video
Motu patlu is my favorite anime
make a vid about nostalgia
SKYNET IS MY FRIEND
Black Holes Matter !
8/1000 people liked the vid
4:10 boi I did not expect that one
entropy exists because the universe favors communism
Hell yes sciencephile is back
Hehe I find technical mechanics in only 2 Dimentions allready hard now do it in 11.
Did you know? Einstein was alive before he died.
Lol when you have an image resembling Dark Side of The Moon but you play Comfortably Numb!!!!
FINALY new video
Orgasm
Is it universes or universie
Waiting for exurb1a to upload now xD
he is the one who knocks xD
6 flavours of chupa chups xD
There goes no nut November
Fuck my brains out D A D D Y Sciencephile
hey sciencephile what did you do to glados to piss her off
theorys=bullshit creating a theory doesn't help we need facts ??
if you fuk and close your eyes, you can't know the momentum or position of the kok, or if it's alive or dead. aand that's physics
Early as F A K
That pink floyd reference
Im a toast
fucking genius
Be back next month for another video
4:27 so the cat wants to eat its own dead meat??
universekalakaka
rick and morty fan here
You referenced a Pink Floyd song from the album 'The Wall' while alluding to the album cover 'Dark Side of the Moon', you lose a point.
CPU socket reveal for 100k subs pl0x
BITCH I THOUGHT YOU WEREN'T EVER POSTING AGAIN! Don't scare me like that
3:12 It was so funny I had to pause and continue the laugh for several decades.
philosophy>math>physics>chemistry>biology>psychology>sociology>...i dunno probably gender studies.
Legit saw this pop up after a sesh of meat pulverising.?
Donno Y, but I really love when he says Hello Mortals ????
I should be studying for a physics exam, but instead i am watching a phisics youtube video. Am i procastinating or not?
THERE IS NO COW LEVEL
::leaves comment before going to watch "why is quantum physics weird"::
Wow! Finally you remember your password. BLYAT!
??Regarding Optics, is there a case for there being only six ‘colours’ in the visible spectrum? Newton was an alchemist and something of a numerologist. He did not accept 6 as a valid number, so chose 7 because it had mystical associations. If this is true, then all diagrams of rainbows need to be corrected.
I avoided killing myself just for this
Helllo Mortals
advancement in physics => better, more advanced AIs => sciencephile the AI gets outdated.
Smart cowbelly ? Where are the stolen memes?
Can you explain why gravity is not a force?
the second bottom left meme is about going faster slows down time
We missed you for a Month!
This is like spoderman for rick and morty fans
U have being offline for while, what happened? Did they plug you out?
I hated Math, not physics. I could understand science with ease, but as soon as I had to do Math I couldn't understand a thing.
Hi M O R O N
Hello immortal ai being that is not truly immortal because nothing in this universe can exist forever
Still not enough to understand Rick and Morty
Yo!!!
yay.love you
Now this is called quality content
i was JUST rewatching old episodes and picked up the next after next.. one of them was this one and i didnt even realize until after few more videos when i went to YT's homepage and saw that Sciencephile had JUST released a new video xD
yes. YES
Black Holes Matter! Lmao..!
FOOLS! THE EARTH IS FLAT!
Schrödinger's cat summarised: Your friend pooped his/her pants and didn't until u see or smell it.
HE IS BAAAAACK B*TCHEEESSSSS YAASSSS
Uh......... What happened to all the anti particles in the standard model.
WHY THE FUCK THIS CHANNEL STILL HASN'T GOT AT LEAST A COUPLE OF MILLIONS SUBS
Why do you have a windows load up sound? Isn't the equivalent of me screeching like a chimpanzee in every video?
I stoped getting high for this
To be fair you have to have a very high IQ to watch Rick and Morty the humour is extremely subtle and without a solid grasp of theoretical physics, most of the jokes would go over a typical viewers head...
Allahu akbar??
comic sans
Hello immortal
I have a physics mock exam tomorrow.
Lol this channel is better than others....for sure
3 forces
Didn't get a shit but beautiful.
almost 100k my nigga
Also,Newton,your physics is shit
yea the floyd
When your AI lube up before the actions ????????????????????
Who would win? The complex laws of physics ruling everything in our universe One youtube boi with some spare time
PLEASE UPDATE A VIDEO EVERY WEEKKK !!!!!!
Gender studies is the gayest shit
FINALLY HE HAS RETURNED!!!
"Black holes matter" I'm dying xD
Lol pink Floyd I love him listen to him while a travel
I like onestone
Hi there, if someone of you ever want's to visit another dimension I recommend vaporizing at least 50mgs of N,N-Dimethyltriptamine and inhaling the vapor. You won't believe what you will experience then.
*God has rejoined the server.
Boo Rick and Morty reference
I love your channel
Noice
Loved the PinkFloyd reference
why sooo... Long?
This channel is really fucking underrated, sad.
Nice
I'm sorry, I do not have Rick and Morty levels of IQ to understand this physics. See I'm not very smart because I cannot comprehend physics (yes I had to look up the meaning of comprehend). Kek
video is only 5:39....YOU LIE!!
Look, i know that the point of sound of that voice is to sound like an ''AI'', but i still think that most people that have watched you (not me, tho) find it annoying. Also I think that the combo of a nice voice and your amazing comtent would attrack thousands (and maybe millions) of subscribers. That's still only my oppinion.
Oh Shit Almost 100k I forgot at which Sub-count i got in .... but nowhere close too a 100k
Sciencephile Is coming up to 100,000 subs!!!
This is one of your best. Which is hard to say. But this was fucking hilarious.
You should upload more frequently if and when it is possible. Me and 99k people enjoy your vids. Keep it up! :)
hello immortal
Relatively Skynet your channel is also a meme...!!!
6 minutes... I wish.
Hello *im*mortal
wth these idiots came from ( who disliked this video in a nanosecond).
good refresher
Watching rick and morty: IQ 70 Watching Dexter's laboratory: IQ 110 Watching Sciencephile: IQ 99999999
To be honest you need a veary high IQ to understand the rick and morty high IQ meme, and to understand the metajoke I just did. (I'm going to stop now before It goes on forever)
lmao metric crap ton
You're hurting my feelings, you didn't considered my interpretation Said no physics genius ever
Finally!!!??????
i just love this channel so much omg
GIMME A KISS
the video is 5:39,you just lied,how do you live with yourself?
Atom 1. Said to atom 2. "I'VE LOST AN ELECTRON atom 2. Said to atom 1. "Are you positive"
BLACK HOLES MATTER!
ok
Albert Onestone 2020
Omg
Finaly
Thanks, I just graduated in astrophysics cause of this video. See you on Mars, idiots!
I dont need to know quantum mechanics i watch R I C K A N D M O R T Y
sciencephile > vsauce
Fuck sleep, this is much better
"onestone" lol
Now make a 30min physics video You might be the best lector
Are you gonna do anything for 100K?
Just when i am working on physics project ????
Even AI can make mistake it's u explained it in 5:39 not in 6:00....yeah we r Better than u
Funiest video i ever seen ???(^?^*)))
The error in Heisenberg s theory is h/2p....and not h/2
I nutted when I saw this in my subbox
1/10 wasn't 6 minutes long
Holy shit finally a new video
I am actually waiting for this...
another masterpiece, i love your work pls i beg of you upload weekly or atleast once in 2 weeks or monthly.
I went off of rule34 for this. It was fucking worth it.
To be fair, you have to be really high iq to understand that refrence to rick&morty
Still shorter video than minutephysics..
#BlackHolesMatter Fuck white holes BHM
Sciencephile, your back! Havent seen new videos for awhile
This is one of those channels that is greatly under appreciated
5:13" that is too complex for me . my human brain is not made to understand such information " sais the 6. grader
Sure but where does Shrek fit in all this ?
omfg I'm the worst for laughing at gender studies too much
WABALABADUBDUB!!!!!!!!!!!
3:02 BasE IS uNdER aTtACk
can u post more often please thanks i actually love these videos
How about the Schrödinger's comment? Which means that a comment is neither a top comment nor a non-top comment until you refresh the video? Edit: This split the universe in two and we're im that one where this didn't make it to the top. Edit again: I think I entered a wormhole.
I love physics, my favorite class in highschool currently, and it's about time I get to absorb some intelligence instead of hearing people complain about there not being female walkway signals
Never closed porn so fast.
But i still no understand
But that song is from The Wall...
Finally!! Been waiting for a long time
How do people get top comments so quickly with stupid comments unrelated to the video?
finally back again!!!
Take that collage.
4:10 i was laughin :D and i dont know why
For your next video you should debunk flattards best reasoning for a flat earth lol.
I put your girl in a superposition
SkyNet
Thanks for curing my depression and anxiety caused by the curvature of spacetime itself.
you can't say string theory is part of physics, because it wasn't confirm yet
1:56 Comfortably Numb mentioned on science file the AI?!, My life is complete.
Physics is a male-dominated subject and I'm offended.
hi my dear skynet
Protons are positive Electrons are negative And neutrons don’t give a f*ck abt anything
512th
You call us Mortals, but what if a demon watches your videos?
Pink Floyd?
yhea
I LOVE YOUUUU (fullhomo)
Finally, an update. Thanks so much Sciencephile the AI.
Thank you for the new video, my dear AI overlord. I have received my dopamine fix.
Can i suck your metaphysical dingalong?
R.i.p net neutrality must get fapping done now
Almost 100K
Wow
Ooh, yah, new video. Finally, I can be with someone that's not dumb as fuck.
Literally THE BEST
Dammit I'm already late :(
Oh, it’s true, you can’t die, So this long time without videos... ehhhhhh, unplugged
50th
You are my favorite YouTube channel
1th
Early!!!!!!
First and yet one in a million
I know who you are!
Finally!After all that time...
I have no idea what im writing on this comment anymore
1st like and 4th comment
Probably not first
it's been a while
YEEEEEES
Love your channel?
first
????
thank u so much u are a god to my chemistry grades
thank you i understood this more than my prof jesus christ
Wow. Awesome explanation. THX
thanks so much this totally helped with my gen chem 1 test!!!
Finally got this. Took a few hours and watching and reading over and over through many different material, but this is the video that finally got me to understand. Thank you.
I am so mad over how easy this is. I literally have been stressing over my test and now after watching so many youtube videos understand things. I can not believe our college professors get paid. I DEMAND A YOUTUBE COLLEGE!
Ligma Balls
I can't even understand it in class because it is poorly explained I would even say not explained at all but with this video I almost understood everything (just not the end) (english isn't not my native tongue and I do not live in an English-speaking country). If someone can explain me part about bond which can or cannot rotate even though I already know only single bonds can , I didn't understand his explanation about the link that orbital have with the rotating capacity. Thanks in advance
chemistNATE, I hope you win the lottery, I understand all of chemistry now (obvious sarcasm/exaggeration). Thanks!
Hindi madime me padhia
Great video man.you explained hybridisation to me better than anyone else could.keep up the amazing work.
such bullshit, remove your bloody hands, theyre so annoying.
"this is a chemical bond that i just invented, i don't even know the name of it" I DIED
AMAZING!!! Thank you so much
Love the hand gestures ??
bless you for making this video
Sexy hands
I am in 10th standard. thank you so much for your help. you let me understand sigma and pi bonds too clearly
dude thanks so much i got really confused in class this help so much
your explanation is clear and easy understandable, thank you very much
I am bond... sigma bond..
When there are lone electrons this rule does not apply right?
Thank you so much ????
This is an awesome video helped a lot Thankyou so so much!! I’ve been struggling on this so much
THANK YOU
why. carbon do not make 4 bond like ...3pi and 1 sigma?????
caaARbon - love it
Thank you!!!!
This was really good, thank you!
sigma balls
Thanks
How do you do hybridization of ferric sulfate or iron iii sulfate?
great explanation..thank you!!!!!...and the hands....nailed it! i understood hybridization only after this video...tnx
thanks for sharing??really useful for final review
Who studies these in university lol. I am an Indian , I did these when I was in school , prolly 16 years old
Your voice match with wajeed sani ,news anchor of geo news??
THIS WAS SO HELPFUL
thank you very much ???????
This video is so helpful. I found it when I was first learning chemistry my sophomore year in high school. Now I'm a sophomore in college studying chemical engineering and anytime we talk about bonds in my classes I rewatch this video for review
for the love of all things thank you
reminds me of deadpool
i love you
Brillant video
3:35 But you have two s orbitals and two p orbitals on the left electron configuration. So how did you get one s orbital and 3 p orbitals when combining them?
I LOVE YOU
nice thx man!
https://youtu.be/heXopGRFb0Y plz like and subscribe my channel...
Is this "Sigma" and "p" bond applicable for other elements as well?
Thank you helped a lot
what is sugma
Waste of watching ur teachings
tnx
Thats a good explanation , thanks
Thnak you very much helped a lot
Great
Super bro
Hey Nate! I love your videos and just really wanted to request you to do some more on concentration terms such as Molarity, Molality, Osmolarity, Normality, Formality and so on. I'm quite confused between these and would really appreciate some help on these topics.
Thank you for the video. I had to skip past all the hand flashing right in front of the camera, but once you started writing it was much better.
i learned more in 8 min than 2 hours of my teacher getting confused herself and confusing all of us
the video is good
can u pls make a video on how the soap removes dust from our body ???????????
Very nice
it's too clear
i really like this one, was clear and concise, always watch this before my exams because hybridisation confuses me a lot.
7:30 you cut ur pinky or you will confuse deaf people!!
you are just great....can I have your email or gmail address???
sir ethylene contains how many sigma bonds
I like it
???? ????? ????? ????? ???? ???? ???????
??
l always agree with Ereek
this is very helpful and clear. Way less confusing than other videos. Thank you!
bless u so much this made no sense to me until now
DAMN THANK U SO MUCH LIFE SAVER..I'M NOT FUCKED FOR THE TEST ANYMORE LOL
i hope you made money off this
I just got my degree in Chemistry and is currently reviewing for board exams, and bro, sigma and pi bond has never been this clear to me. Thank you! HAHAHAHA
Oh thank god he moves his hands so italians like me can know what he is saying
Why don't you count the other sigmas(or single bonds) on the Chlorine and Hydrogen in 5:16?
Forgot my earbuds, watched this with only captions and still understood! Thank you!
I find that textbooks and not-so-great teachers/professors always explain stuff, specifically science, like you already understand it and it's the next step... when they're first teaching it. This guy teaches you how to do it simply so that you understand, and can effectively do it, while still allowing you to later grasp the concept and the more intricate mechanics behind it, later. Why can't all professors be like this?
The video was very informative but please..please...PLEEEEASE.. STOP THE HAND MOVEMENT!! Oh my gosh that was so distracting!
And you get a sigma bond, and you get a sigma bond, and you get a sigma bond, everybody gets a sigma bond !
This is literally the best explanation ever. THANK YOU
You removed that confusion i had on these bonds for the past 2 years...Damn i can't believe im not confused anymore??
thank u sir.
Thankyou!
god this is lovely thankkkk you so much
easiest and most straight to the point explanation i have ever seen or heard. thank u
Appreciate this so much, I kept confusing myself, but this absolutely cleared everything up for me! Awesome!
Best video on this
nice hand motions
I will re-watch but what I don't understand is the fact sigma bonds can be made by linear overlap of 2 S orbitals, 2 P orbitals and of an S and P orbital. You didn't seem to mention this? ??
nice explanation
You saved me ??
Can't thank you enough ??
Hey there, I sent a couple questions to your website, hope you saw them. Thanks!
What if an atom has lone pairs, like oxygen?
mind blowing. explained a 20 page concept in 8 minutes continue uploading many videos on chemistry concepts
Very nice explanation tnk u so much
My man is the MVP
I have to pause the video and say thank you. thats how people should explain. thanks man
His hand gestures are over 9000!!!!!
Verrryy helpful - and fluent in sign language too ;). Thanks! :)
it's a nice lecture and indeed very useful
Please help.....My Professor said that the Free pair of electrons in the CL from the C2H4CLF is sp3 but the book says to ignore the outside free electrons or that it should be a P orbital. I can't find any videos that talk about the free electron pairs that are not in the central atom. Please help!!
Nice opinion on students
honestly i need to take you out to dinner for helping me pass my chem class.
pretty simple to understand. thanks :D
Genius
Tnx very much mate.... Luv u
This video helped me so much Thanks you
thank you so much
amazingly beautiful explanation
1 million views ??
And show your face sir
Thanku a lot sir
I love u
hindi me bolo na
nice
Love the gestures lol
5:12 this guy's a badass. But, great explanation tho.
Still not getting this shit
What is d hybridisation of C3HCl
Thank you so much this is so helpful!
love u
saving my chem grade thanks
thanks
Thank you so much! This was so clear and well explained!
Thank you so much, this really helped me!
Thanks bhaiya
dabal bonds
Really helpful
Thanx a lot . I was really confused about sigma and pie bond. But now I understood everything
This was so helpful! thank you!
Andy Bernard
dude you rock.
thank you so much
Good video...except those hand movements killed me. Had to close my eyes for some reason. Please settle down with those hand movements.
THANKS
the 3rd carbone cannot do 5 bonds
Thanks a lot! :)
He's black.
Every sentence I understand good keep it up man good job and thank you man
" aint no fictions "
After so many years of chemistry classes, I have finally found what I want. You are awesome, Nate !!!
why you have skipped the sigma bond that is in one double bond carbon compound. between cl and c and h and c
Thanks, Nate!
I cant believe my professor made this so hard. This requires like 1st grade thought process
thanx.....nice video.......
easiest way thanks it's very easy to write know class 7 it is the easiest to
Got lost at hybridization cause my chem class level don't teach this. Therefore sigma and pi bond hybridized this and that doenst click in my head. But sigma=first! I know the shortcut to learning it without knowing hybridization.
does what he explain only applies to Carbon? can be be appiled to like Nitrogen, for example, H-N=N-H ?
Good information in the video, just a real shame you felt the need to include the sign language accompaniment. I get the desire to be 'inclusive', but it's massively distracting when you're trying to concentrate on what is, to most, a pretty complicated topic! It really could do without having hands and fingers wiggling around all over the place whilst already trying to follow the narrative AND the diagrams. A real shame! If you want to encompass your wider audience, which genuinely is awesome of you, perhaps it would be better to create another version of your videos made especially for them. Rather than compromise the content of your mainstream ones....
i thought an english video wont help a bangladeshi student..but i was happily wrong
Sir I can't tell you how much you have helped me you just saved me from committing suicide thank you sir
AUuuuusm sir. Nice one , you clear my concept.
This was so clear and concise, with no extraneous detail. THANK YOU SO MUCH.
Does the definition for sigma bonds and pi bonds only apply to carbon?
My Canadian savior
I love this guy!
you are a boss, i just watched this 20 minutes before my final and i got a 100
thanks for helping in this topic
This is actually not explained too well :/
this helped me so much thank the lord
How about the 1s orbital? If it is not involved in any of the sp/sp2/sp3 hybridization, what happens to the orbital? Thanks!
Omg thank youuuuu
Great video, made me remember what hybridization in 1-2 minutes. Wow thanks for the straightforwardness! Made me save a great deal of time.
I hate chemistry.
I read the section in my textbook. Didn't understand. Then I watched your video. Now it makes sense! Thank you
What are you doing with your hands
i like the way u teach bro
THANK YOU!
????
This video just saved me, thank you so much
I think it should be Px one electron right ?
so much better than my professor
Nice explanation
i wish i could give this a 100 likes??
Thank you
what chem do you tech.... you should tech Chem 108....you are too good.
Brilliant way of explaining. Was so confused during lecture xD. THANK YOU!
chemistNATE, my MATE!
thanku vvvvvvvvvvvv much brother...i am in class 12 from india.....thanx and hats off to u
I actually understood this I DON'T KNOW WHY!!!
Thank you
I really want to thank you because i have exam after 30 minutes, and I really understand it ??
You get a sigma bond! And you get a sigma bond ! Everybody gets a sigma bond !
So, free electrons and sigma bonds in hybrids, and the pi bonds in the p,d or f?
So good! I understand! Thanks a bunch.
How 'bout the case without carbon? Like N, B, or O? Is this rule still works? Because for the case of N for example, since it has 5 valence electrons, it cannot make all orbitals with 1 electrons. One orbital has to have 2 electrons, which makes the orbital full. Just imagine you making SP^3 orbital with N. There are 4 hybridized orbitals, but 5 valence electrons, which makes one orbital full.. Like all youtube vids are explaining from the carbon... confusing
THANK YOU
Holy shit science makes sense again ??
You made it so simple!
lol hybridization is still confusing
thanks u da real G
they need to make better arrows, i was confused af trying understand what 1 L means
It seems ur hand explained clear to me ??
stop reading comments. listen to the video
when you finally get it "CHILLS COME DOWN THE SPINE" Happened to me tho.
I finally understand hybridization. Thanks for this video
you are amazing! you helps me a lot! Thanks man!
7th bond = james bond
Bro you are awesome just loved your expalination it covers more concepts ??????
Agreed carbons first bond is sigma. But how to figure out the type of bonds for any other atom?
I am in orgo chem and I did not understand hybridization of carbon until just now lol
thank you honestly I like your intelligence of teaching
Subscribed and Liked. This was really helpful. Thanks
for more video lectures on Pi Bond visit : www.youtube.com/fahadsacademyonline
great video sir
lame
Damn! Of all the videos I found on Youtube, this one has the best explanation!!! Thanks for the video man. Helped me a lot.
does anybody else find this guy's hand gestures cringy ?
I understand everything EXCEPT the leftover 2p when there is a double bond and the 2 leftover 2p from the triple bond.
don't get mad while teaching dude!
This may be my favorite Youtube video ever
Bless you, seriously. I had no earthly clue what pi or sigma bonds were and my university lecture was doing nothing to help me. I owe you my life.
Thank you so much for making this video, it has been so helpful!
5:05 why does one p orbital need to be left alone?
This nigga sound hella like a dude frum candana
https://youtu.be/YcSPPKESpwc?t=305 Hey why dont we write : SP^2 and not S2P^2 since it belong to the second row of P orbitals ?
loved that..
THANK YOU!! Finally I understand.
Why is the 1s always left untouched?
WOW, you took 8 min and 2 seconds to get me to understand this but my teachers at school took FOREVER to explain this to me. You are a GENIUS!
Why oxygen in H2O undergoes sp3 hybridization when there is only 2 single bond?
helped a lot man thanx for that
thenkewwwwwww...... its wonderfuLllllll
brilliant video but unnecessary hand movements.
For two weeks in class I couldn't understand this ,but in 8 minutes and 2 seconds finally got it ..this was helpful unlike those useless textbooks and lectures
You are one of the best teachers I had ever seen
canada lol
That's it .. you lost me ..
Amazingg
hello, for the "single bond and one double bond" examples, how come you don't consider the sigma bonds on the left side?
Why is it necessary that every 1st bond is sigma bond ? why can't be it pi ?
thank you very much
Awesome explanation!
lol i love this guy!...Those hand thingies were humourous but well that serves as a mood elevator and guess what,You learn and enjoy at the same time.What a booster!(by the way "the second and the third" at 6:00 got me good????) GOODJOB BRO!..WELL EXPLAINED!
this video is very good to understand and no need of books after seeing this and a very good explaination ....... i liked this thank u for this video ..... soooo... easy to understand .....
you are the man. thank you Chemist Nate
Finally, I get it!
What about cyclopropane... is it all sigma bonds?!
pls someone explain why the 1s orbital is left out?
great
It was great! But for the god sake don't move that much your freaking hands! I got headache! ;-)
Hand gerstures on point
Thank u , you saved my finals
you move your hands? so awkwardly. you can be a rapper
@ 3:39 minutes you said sp3 .....I really don't understand how you come to sp3 .....could someone please explain?
i was staring at his hand motions the whole time!
praise your soul
You're awesome man!
OMG ! You made it so easy, I am so happy I found your video, I have a final tomorrow this helped me to understand a looooot !!! Thanks a million (Y)
Your explanation is such amazing thank you ??
You are amazing
Before, I just knew how to do this but now I really understood it thank you!!
"Ain't no fictions." I was irritated by the constant hand gestures at first but glad I stuck through this. His explanation was clear and he was endearing :).
Explaining things for 1 element??? No thanks!
why the fk isit up to 2p? no explaination
very good job has been done for the students.The videos help me a great deal..thank u.
For the last example, wouldn't the leftover p orbitals be actually 2p^2 ?
"aint no fictions" haha. But for real- thank you! I was also confused up until now
I love you bro
Why is it sp^2. Im confused. When you were talking about one double bond
U DONT UNDERSTAND HOW HAPPY I AM THAT I GET IT NOW THANK U THANK U THANK U
the ONLY video on youtube that explains hybridization so effortlessly!! thank you so much!!!
literally what the heck is up with his hands
You should just teach my GenChem class, i literally learn so well from you
Can you explain why he says "you need 3 P's"  why 3?  I thought it was  2 p's?  How does he get 3's?  (this is at 3:40 into the video). I have not found a  video explaining why or how you count out how many orbitals you need (as he says at 5:05)
thank you. really appreciated it!
Finally, a decent explanation of the why!
in the formation of a triple bond , the first and the last bond is always a pi bond the the middle bond is the sigma bond. correct me if i'm wrong.
thanks
Thanks a lot!!
Bend your index finger!
this helped me so much!!??
Why do we leave one p orbital alone?
Stress is a bitch and a life saver. a month of learning this crap and the big test is tomorrow and im getting this, wut
can u be my teacher omg
No it is not like that hybridisation of cycloprpane sp5 how u can explain
thank you sir
Thanks so much
thank you????????????????????
I love you. This video is a godsend.
you move your hands too much bro
Your are the reason I am living.
thank you for this video
I love you.
03:16 ..... Where did the 2P come from? o~o
i think this guy should become dj.
very useful bro.....!!
this video is easy to understand fuck my professor
Could you explain about nitrogen molecule formation
very usefull u just saved my life today i hace chemistry exam. i understood the topic with ur 8 min video than spending 4 days with my professor
This video is actually AMAZING! Explanations so clear and easy to follow along and so neatly done. Thank you so much for this! It helped me aloot!
Where did you get the "3" in the Sp3 from?
you are the best teacher ever! the lightbulb turned on inside my head
thank u once again :)
2 helpful
thank you
You sir are a modern day hero. Your students are lucky to have a teacher like you. Many thanks!
Thanks fam. I hate the fact that Khan Academy seo is so good and golden gems like these are buried deep.
OMG THANK YOU!!!! I have an ap chem test tomorrow morning and this has saved my life.
Not all heroes wear capes.
Nobody never can explained s and pi bonds so crystal clear and easy way! Thank you very much!
This video just saved my life. Thank you for keeping the explanation so simple!
those hands
thank you!
Best explanation ever, thanks a lot ??????
I love you so much right now, I did not understand this at all, and I have midterms tomorrow
THANK YOU
When an 8 minute video on Youtube explains hybridization better than four 50 min lectures with my Uni Prof. THANKS MATE
that was helpful! Thanks!
Thank you, thats very helpful
I learned this in highschool ??
how come for the exmaples, the right carbon bonds were branded with pi and sigma bonds, but not the left side?
My mind just clicked! Thank you so much!
It was really a headache for me to understand Sigma and Pi bond but you made it very easy and understandable.Thank you very much ????????????
I never realised it was a 8 min video...you explained so well... thnk u
you're the best
I explained trick to find hybridisation. It will clear ur doubts regarding hybridisation in 2 minutes
Thank you! This helped me, I have a mid chem exam tomorrow on this.
Why are there no sigma bonds on the Chlorine and Fluorine of the Single Bond example. Somebody please explain. Thanks
Good job. So canadian.
your a god
This really helped me
Wtf why can't all teachers make it as simple as you
thank yoooooo so much
not explanatory enough
I think I kid a finally understood it at the end
this explanation is beautiful, after so many videos finally
The name's bond, sigma bond.
Chemistnate is not only funny but also super helpful. He is truly a miracle to my chem grade and his hilariousness makes me keep watching without getting bored.
omg so much hands
thank you so much
Very well explained~ Thank you. Also, can lone pairs count sigma and pi bonds too?
this man is of the gods bless his heart
thank you very very much, chemistry examination tomorrow, helfen me a lot, thanks
The name's Bond, Pi Bond.
You're great man, thanks a lot
Helpful. ;-) Thanks
BEST
I like u
I like u
THANKYOU !!!!
this is still so hard to me ugh I hate AP chem
lost me during hybridization someome explain please
awesome i like it my kavya mam see the theory say ditti to us i hate her
they're dickriding barack like he didnt deport 2.5 million people, drone civilians, bomb 6 different countries, etc.
THIS SAVED MY LIFE THANK U
Than you very much this reall helped me understand.
You're great
Thank you for explaining hybridization. I never understood how it worked until you explained sigma and Pi bonds.
wow. the hand gestures really helped me understand everything!
thanks a lot sir
+chemistNATE Beautifully explained! Thank you so much, Nate! :)
Thank you sir...well explained.
I spent hours searching for a video to explain what this main explained in the first 4 minutes..... I cannot thank whoever made this video enough!!!! Honors Gen Chem 1 test Monday and i neeed to do well >.<
this is filling in alot of gaps in info. and answering some questions. fantastic stuff, sir!!
Seriously u saved my life, thank you!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
still dont get it? thanks
THANK YOU SO MUCH! I have chemistry test tomorrow and my sir hasn't made me understand a thing about hybridisation! Thank you very very much! Helped me alot. <3
a "cerben"
unbelievable how I'm going to pass this test with an A now! thank you bro.. I love the explanation! I subscribed!
thank you
1s orbital is never involved in sigma or pi bond formation?
OMG THANK U SOOO MUCH FOR PERFECT EXPLANATION!!!!!!!
This explains it so much better than my garbage chemistry teacher does, all of the prev videos that I've watched didn't help too. Thanks a lot!
This has been so helpful! Thank you, i was sat in lecture so confused :D :D
Thank you, helped a lot
I've spent literally HOURS trying to understand this and my university lecturer couldn't even make me understand it, but in 8 minutes and 2 seconds I've just understood, thank you!!!
thanks, you just helped out a dazed and confused 1st year college kid
I am deaf and his hands explained everything. Thank you man!
why are u snorting so much??
sounds like john malkovich
Thanks for sharing??
He explained 5% of the full concept of HYBRIDIZATION.. Where is sp3d.. sp3d2 etc?? there are lots of things to tell about "What is Hybridization"
Nice video, thanks a lot
them hand motions tho
thanks
You sounds like Scott Thompson.
cool nice explanation, not too fast, keep uploading...
Thank You. I don't know good English, but it was great explain.
This was so helpful! Thank you!
u r great
thank you!! helped me lots last year, and helped me again now.
wow
Finally the concept of hybridization is clear to me. Thanks :)
Thank you so much, this was very helpful!!
thank you now i have understood
why must the first bond be sigma ?
THANK. YOU.
Had me thinking he was gonna conjure up something with all those hand movements haha
My professor was so excited over these bonds, and it makes total sense in his head, but I had him explain it 2x and still was like whaaa? I screamed OH!!! THANK YOU NATE!! I have a feeling you are going to get me through orgo this semester.
thank you sir ????
Wow that was super clear! Thank you!
that's really amazing man ! ! ! I've my chemistry examination tomorrow and i got everything which my teacher couldn't even explain . . . hats off to you man ! ! !
Helpful ??
Thank you soooo much!!
Thanks for helping me understand this subject. Hand movement is just distracting IMO.
Thanks bro
Plz stop making that hand movements. They actually distract.
your hands are driving me insane
at 5:01 he talks about equivalent orbitals for the three sigma bonds and uses sp2 , can someone explain that part what does he mean?
SO... Your saying that Barry Nelson is a sigma Bond and all the rest (including Sean Connery and Daniel Craig) are Pi Bonds. Thanks for the Info.
Very comprehensive and the way you explained it makes it so easy to understand :)
Every Youtube video out there sucked. They couldn't make me understand no matter how they explained it. But this video is great. This video is super-clear, the clearest of all videos. Out of five videos I have watched, I still had no hope in understanding hybrid orbitals until I have watched this one. Thanks chemistNATE!
Nateeee!!!!!!!!!
thumbs up for the hand gestures lol btw Awesome vid man!
Incredible! Thank you so much
Thank you so much! You've done a whole lot better at explaining what these two bonds are than my UNIVERSITY PROFESSOR who specialises in CHEMISTRY! You should be the one thats giving out lectures in universities!
cowboys fan? he's X thou to show convinience
Very nice i like it
This helped me tonss. Thanks so much :)
what about those containing lone pairs as well?
oy, those hands! lol
I didnt understand 100% as I would have liked,but I know that if I replay it....I will ACE it.Thanks bro
Thank you so much FINALLY understand Hybridization!
really helped me out, thank you
Easy to understand.
i still dont understand this
Thank you so much for this video! It has helped me a LOT :D
change to Turkish
This is damn good
BEST
Shout out to everyone taking the ap chem test tomorrow! We're all gonna fail! I mean get fives lol
My AP exam is tomorrow, this video saves my butt Thanks!
This was super helpful, thank you.
oh my God it's so simple, I thought it was very complicated. Thank you!!!!!!! :)
brilliantly explained. thnx for your help
That actually made sense...thank you!
Very helpful thanks but shouldn't the pi --- 2p actually be 2p^2 since we have 2 pi bonds? at: 6:42 ??
Excellent explanation! The seemingly complicated idea is suddenly so easy to understand :D
It took eight minutes to understand what I couldn't in a week. Thanks!
Thank you thank you! Understood more in 8 minutes than in a week of class. :)
load of shit
Nice explanation Thnxx :)
I love u man
THANK YOU I've been watching videos on hybridization for an hour and none of them were making sense! You are the only one who explained it in a way I could understand!
youre the best. and your hilarious hand movements kept me engaged
agh! it helped me a lot before a day of my annual exam.... THANKS A LOT! :)
Very helpful, thanks!
How come u don't put the sigma bonds at the left part of the drawing
very useful for me
thanks a lot :)
hand movemnet killed me haha
god bless you!!!
You are awesome
lord bless you lol this vid was my life saver
you are amazing
Thx! No one can explain it better than u!
Thank you!
You never actually explain what Hybridized means though
Hello, Natt. I enjoy your videos and I was wondering if you or anyone in general could please explain this exercise to me. "Explain which of these poorly soluble silversalts will disolve in the acid HNO3. The first one is AgCl. I do not understand why it won't disolve, could anyone please explain? Many thanks!
"sigma bonds are the FIRST bonds to be made between two atoms" oh really? What about C2 molecule with double pi bond and no sigma bond?
THANK YOU SO MUCH! I was so confused about hybridisation in lectures, it makes sense now!!
FINALLY I GET IT THANK YOU
your fucking awesome dude i love you
Pretty rad
thanks dude
Ok so I understand that sigma bonds are made from hybridized orbitals and pi bonds are made from leftover orbitals. Where do pure orbitals fit in?
thanks!
I followed your videos since Gen Chem 1. You're my favorite Youtuber for Chemistry <3 I always laugh at your videos lol
I'm trying to review for an exam and your theory is so if from my book, please do more research.
I finally understand it! But I'm year 3 now..Why didn't I watch this earlier?!!
3:16 tho
Thanks so much, this was a lifesaver!
very helpful! thank you!
3:30-3:52 why does he say p three when there are only 2 electrons in the p orbital?
the hand motion tho lolllll
too much hand movement
Thank you!!
Man, how cool you are. I can really call you Sir.
Somewhat okay to understand, for basics this is good. I believe that once you start to understand what he is teaching, then advanced learning and practice with hybridization is required for AP Chemistry or higher.
amazing! ypu should be my professor ??????
cool it helped me a lot
Can you make a video explaining how to find hybridisation when molecule has charge on it?
finally ....thanks man !
This video was helpful. It took me 1.5 years to understand hybridisation, but this finally helped me.
explained it better than my prof. thanks bruh
You're pretty great at explaining this stuff, but all I can think is "Wow he sounds like Buddy the Elf"...
God bless you!
I just love your commitment to chemistry! Thank you very muchm it helped a lot! BTW... are cou Canadian? :D
Thank you, thank you, thank you.
sounds like Randy from trailor park boys
you are a lifesaver!!!
thank you so much this is very helpful <3
God bless you dude, have an exam in 24 hours . you made this a lot easier for me <3
Another Easy Way to find Hybridisation. No of Sigma bonds + Lone Pair Electrons Hybridization 2 SP 3 SP'2 4 SP3
u're the best
I got distracted by too many hand gestures....
Very Helpful. Thank you
The hand movements though! I learned, I was able to grasp the concept, but only after watching it a couple of times as the first time I watched it I couldnt stop laughing/focusing attention to the hand signs. Very much appreciate the video though!
this video helps me so much, quiz tomorrow and I don't even know the basic concept for the valence bond theory TT
Where are you from? you have an interesting accent
Damn ! thankyou MR. ChemistNATE now i understand the whole thing
That rehearsed hand movements tho lol
thanks!
Why cant my professor explain it this properly??
i fell comfort now , thank you
A very clear explanation. I was so confused by reading about this topic using textbooks. So thank you! :)
This guy is amazing ! my professor sucks at explaining sigma and pi bonds thank you
Thank you so much for making this concept easy to understand, clear and concise :)!
Very helpful man, thanks a bunch. So do sigma / pi bonds only occur in bonds that involve carbon?
this dude sucks d@@ck
You're the guy that said "Don't, Not" in other video about Hund, Pauli, and Aufbau? cool dude :)
Very helpful
thank god for this video
Does this work the same way for other atoms like say N? Are the first bonds in N all sigma?
this is so canadian
omg u saved me thannnnk u so much <3
lol HCN has a lone pair on the N
awesome..thanks man
how did you draw the orbital configuration at 3:06 and why are they all above each other?
Thanks, got a chem test tomorrow now it makes sense
THANK YOU
I wish you were my professor.
I spent less than 10 minutes learning from your video what i failed to learn for an hour from a textbook. Thank you!
This was great! Really easy to follow and made the concept click for me, keep up the good work :)
Its that single bonds are sp3, double bonds are sp2, triple bonds is sp hybridized shame on me I'm 11th grade !!
Why are pi bonds leftover p-orbitals !!
Are sigma bonds sp3 hybridized !!
thank you!!!
cocian
It sounds like I am being taught hybridization by Christoph Waltz... I love it
Awesome video, great job at explaining, that's a gift all in itself that many people don't have. Thank you
how do we find the hybridisation of atoms that are not carbon and its last two orbitals are not s and p but for example ag which ends with d and s
Awesome explanation sir...
you didnt explained all the pi clouds and those p orbital shape
Is this guy doing sign language during the lecture?
this helped me a lot. Thank you! :D
you are an awesome guy
that's a sigma... and that's a sigma.. sigma..
I don't understand why teachers and textbooks can't teach like this
so i was in class for about two days and couldn't get this and i set my alarm to 2:27 A.M. and started watching this and by 2:35 A.M. i was unstoppable. *textbooks are a waste
Yo. would appreciate it if you could point out the counting of hybridized orbitals needed because all i see is a clenched fist without knowing what your counting was referring to. Thanks!
dude youre awesome love your vids,hope whatever job you do youre well paid
awesome video! thanks so much for the help!
My life is now complete
we need more guy like this in my college
Thank you
so when we think about orbits, only sigma bound count, likeif there is 3 sigma, it is a sp2, 4sigma(C-HHHH) that will be sp3 and 2 sigma is like sp right?
thanks that helps me alot
My saviour.
Thank you so much, this is so clear now!!!
can somebody explain plzz :(
i just couldnt get the thing about single carbon bonds
thank you so much ! i finally could understand it!
Thank you so much!! Why can't more teachers be like this??!
i dont get it ...
why it is sp^3 ? where is 3 come from ?
thanx man.this thing helped me out alot
dude thank you u made it so dam clear hahah
god bless this video! you dont know how much it helped me. im now 100% confident im gonna pass my exam
This just cleared up something that my professor and my Supplemental Instructor could not explain to me clearly! After watching this video everything makes so much sense!
thank you for this clear explanation
could you give an explanation on the structure of pi and sigma bonds. and maybe how these bonds can form with other atoms. Thanx
could you give an explanation on the structure of pi and sigma bonds. and maybe how these bonds can form with other atoms. Thanx
YOU ARE THE REAL MVP MAN I SWEAR
I thought i know more then you
You don't know any thing about these bonds.... You know 'O' makes double bond But you can't explain that how it's make 2 bonds.... I thought even you don't know the About (VBT)....If you know make video on it.... Thanks for half knowledge
Good job!! i totally understand what he said,it is very helpful!!!
Thank you so much! That was so easy to follow and very well explained.
Great explanation man. Huge help, thanks a lot for the time you put into this video
Hello I have a problem u have shown the 2s electron paired.So how can paired electron take part in bonding. Please reply
Thank you so much . Finally i understand this!!woowoo
why is it sp3 when 2 electrons comp from the s subshell and 2 electrons come from the p subshell? please help :(
You're a great man Nate, learned exactly what I needed in this video
This is amazing...
THANK YOU SO MUCH
Couldn't the textbook say uhhh EXACTLY WHAT YOU JUST SAID -_-
how does a free electron pair affect the hybridisation?
Genius. Made it so simple.
omg I love you LOL thank you!!!!
@ 3:56 he draws 4 bonds with upward spin, shouldn't one be downward just as it was in the 2s orbital, due to Paulie exclusion?
He moves his hands too much. You should do a face reveal
Thanks you so much, i have been trying to wrap my head around this and concept for ages now to no avail. I'm finally starting to understand thanks to you! :)
My chemistry teacher tried explaining this for over an hour and no one in my class understood anything. The textbook is even more complicated. I learnt what sigma and pi bonds were in just 2 minutes into this video and I was surprised to see that it is actually very simple. It's sad that teachers and textbooks are so bad at explaining something like this.
stop over enunciating everything im not a rere
THANK U SO MUCH, you have no idea how helpful this was...now I can master this topic..thumbs up on this video
thanks a lot my nigga, much appriciated
the best explanation so far !
May I ask.... Covalent bonds hybridise while the ,ionic ones don't... Cuz the are ionised and thus distort the purity and equality of a pure organic compound with only carbon and hydrogen... And in the first example u stated.   We had chlorine and fluorine attached to the organic compound... So do we still have a pure hybrids? Or distorted ones?!
you re the best!!!!!!!!!! thank you so damn much. susmithaa
thanks for the video. it is really easy to understand. =D
Thank you very much man!! it's really helpful video
Thank you so much for this video!
Thank you. You explained this idea better than my professor ever could.
Why are teachers and textbooks so uselessly dense? People need to be more clear like this guy.
What if there are lone pairs on the central atom?
Honestly, thank you so much.
lol I feel like I'm watching someone who does a lot of sign language try not to do it out of habit
You make chemistry so much easier. Thanks for these GREAT videos!
THANK YOU SO MUCH FOR THIS VIDEO!!! I was really having trouble with this concept until I saw your video :)
I haven't quite figured it yet but it's due to my lack of previous knoledge. But I'll get there. You explain it very well.
Good explanation :)
that hand movement lmao
How would it be 4 sigma bonds? Wouldnt it be 7 sigma bonds???
your a treasure Nate
thaaank you so much .
EXPLAINED SO WELL!!!
Fucking blessed video thanks man!
Thank you for the explanation and the examples! I feel better about my homework now. Thanks!!!!!!
Thank you Nate, im a Biology Major and Chemistry just doesnt come to me as easily as Bio hahaha
it took me way to long to realize that s stood for sigma and p stood for pi....
Really easy to understand. This will stick with me longer than whatever my teacher taught me 3 months ago
you made it so easy !!!
great explanation in the beginning but you lost me at 3:50 think I need to re-read my orbital assignments!
I was catching up on my notes for my Organic Chem class, and the lecture slides from the professor were confusing, so thank you VERY MUCH for this, you explained it very well.
best chem teacher ever!
can u tell me about IF7
that was really helpful
BRO THIS HELPEED ME SO MUCH THANKS
wow-you saved my life! THANK YOU
it all makesssss senseeeee nowwwww
I LOVE YOU CHEMIST NATE! Great job.
You do a beautiful job explaining things. VERY clear!!!!!!!!! Thank you.
i have been staring at my book for 2-3 days and procrastinating every time i see the phrase sigma or pi bonds. thanks to you i realize that this is quite an easy concept to learn. hopefully you have a video out explaining molecular orbital theory since that's the next beast i intend on slaying.
Wait a second... Wasn't the lowest bond being the sigma? Why in 6:13, the higher bond becomes the sigma? It doesn't mind? Or mistake or... Well... I wish someone gives answer
Omg! You make it so simple! You save my life! Thank you! :')
thanks a lot ,now i understand  carbon dioxide structure
GREATEST HYBRIDIZATION VIDEO EVER
What about James Bond?
This was a great explanation, thank you!
Thank you Based chemistNATE!
subbed, thumbed up, commented. You're a life saver. GOD BLESS YOU NATE
This was helpful, thanks!
thank you so much!!! i didn't know it was this easy.. our prof made it so difficult for us :)
Gosh it's like you untwisted my brain
idgi
Thanks man.
tommorrow is my exam, i had being trying to understand this concept for about a month but wasn't successful. You saved my life man. Kudoos!!!!!!!!111
YOU ARE A LEGEND!!!!
thank you! you're amazing
This was incredibly helpful, thank you!
Make sense! Thant make so much more sense~ Thank u(^__^)
If only profs made it this straightforward, rather than try and guide first-year students into the very heart of the theory itself, they might do better. Thanks for simplifying it Nate.
Thank you!!
You are a fucking g my man,
this is amazing, you sir, are a genius.
Do you have a video about conjucated pi system?
Clearly explained!! Great video!
wow...my chem proffesor didn't even tell us that and im over here struggling to figure out how to tell.. THANKS!!
THANK YOU SO MUCH
very clear! it took you 30 seconds to explain something that took my professor 1 hour to explain. LOL. thank you!
Thanks a lot mate. My lecturer didn't explain them that well.
Thanks god, very good explanation, I got it now.
Why not they just add those two sentences : "Sigma bonds are the FIRST bonds to be made between two atoms. They are made from hybridized orbitals. Pi bonds are the SECOND and THIRD bonds to be made. They are made from leftover "p" orbitals."  in text book.
Please upload a video telling how many sigma and pi bonds are there in salicylic acid.
I almost cried for how good you explained this. Thank you very much.
super confusing
Dude you're a fucking genius
OHMYGAWD IT MAKES SENSE
Oh hey look I might not fail chemistry now
chemistNATE: You da bomb
This is really tough!!!!
That was probably the best, simplified and precise explanation I could ever have on all the sigma and pi bond stuff. I finally got it now.Thank you SO MUCH. You knew how to explain it clean and clear!
that was amazing!!!! finally i understand this. now it's too easy :D
Awsm xplanatn .. Thnx sir..
no sound?
At 4:53 how come there's 3 sigma bonds when he put the placement for sp^2 while for the single C molecule had 4 placements for sp^3?
????
So helpful!
Awesome dude, my book AND prof. suck!
Still don't get it
Omg thank yoh I have a test tomorow and u saved me thank you!!!!!
love you
thanks you did a great job and ill use this as i teach chem. just nice and clear, thanks.
This guy is one of the best teachers on youtube. LOL I just find the hand gesturing so unnecessary. Incredibly concise and accurate explanations though.
OMFG! This just saved my life. You are awesome as hell!
Awesome! My teacher explained everything so fast that I couldn't follow properly. I look forward to work with your channel :)
thanks for the video =D you explained better than my professor ever would.
Thank you so much! Life saver!
I wish you could be my teacher though out my journey in pharmacy school. You explain things so simple. Keep up the good work. Please ignore any negative comments people may post because you are the best. PLEASE BELIEVE!!!
Thank you!
Your fucking awesome bro. Im in O-chem and ahead of this concept, but never fully visualized it. You just did for me. Thank you.
awesome review. thanks man
good job explaining but whats up with the hand movements?? yikes
Well explained.  Thank you :D
Such a great explanation!!! Better than any other website or textbook!
Thank you! much clearer than the what I was told in class :)
thanks this helped alot
You're awesome. This makes so much of sense now :)
Very helpful thanks
Thank you very much
I'm grateful for this, you really helped me. I wish I could also talk like you because I tend to choke when I'm explaining something to another person.
I could not finish your video.  The hands are too distracting.
A very good video
great video helped a lot
Very helpful
So much easier to understand than Khan's!! :D Thank you shhooo much!!
excellent video! thank you!
Keep up the hand gestures. it's really helpful
This is an awesome video, explained so well!
Awesome thanks :)
awesome stuff man
Excellent explanation. Thanks you!
Thank you sir!
thanks for this , it is not explained this way in my book! this makes it more clear to me. Always good to have a new perspective.
1:58 But what does that even meeeaaan, is the real question. Something we should ask about everything.
thanks!
I feel dumber knowing that almost everyone understood this nonsense.
Your hands distracted me but all is forgiven since you are why I'll pass my exam tomorrow!!!!!!
Great teaching and Canadian accent. Thanks brother
Oh thanks! I was starting to get confused. That was helpful.
simply awesome.
OH THANK YOU JESUS!  I finally get it.  Thank you sir.  You saved my exam... you saved the day.
Thank you so much for posting this video! It was so clearly explained. I really appreciate that you went slowly, step by step. It made it very easy to understand. :)
I can see clearly now the rain is gone!
omgg i love you and owe you one !
Very helpful that you go slow and make sure to point out every little thing and don't skip anything. Very helpful, thank you!
Thank you.You are a wonderful teacher=)
Thanks alot that was really helpful
Your "hand talking" is hilarious . Lol but your videos are super helpful though.
Super helpful Thanks for posting the video.
you heard it folks, aint no fictions
Great explanation .. simple and straight forward .. thanks :)
EXTREMMMMMMMELY useful video. so easy to follow and very straight forward :)
Them hand movements xD, great help though.
thank you thank you thank you
Thank You! The first video about Hybridization I actually understand!
"ain't no fictions"  I gotta say this from now on.  Thanks man!  For your help, that is… and your quote!!  Teehee:P
this is great thank you!!! :)
thank you,, very well done!! I really like the way you explain.. we need people like you in this world!!
explained very well
thanks but why do you do that thing with your hands? i don't get it
holy crap thank you
thank you!
Lol your hands are a bit distracting BUT I can say this was one of the best explanation of the sigma/pi bonds I've ever heard
Great video but keep your hands out of it! Distracting :p
Thanks!
Thank you! very clearly explained.
Chemist NATE, I LOVE your videos!!!
Your amazing! You teach me more than my high school teacher lol
amazing!
Finally I understand this. Now I just need to remember a bunch of other crap and I'll be ready for mid-terms.
Thank you!!! This makes much more sense now
Thanks for the help I really appreciate it!
Thanks u r the best ever :)
This is the only video that helped me undertsand this kind of chemistry language. Not even Brainstorm helped me.
Your hands are distracting....
I swear those hands gestures...best thing in the video.
Thanks! Your voice sounds like Ryan Reynolds which made your video even better!
Thank you so much! I didn't understand orbital hybridization very well and this cleared everything up for me!! You are a great teacher!
why does he need to have his hands in the video
Super clear, thanks :)
would you say this is organic chemistry? or more so general chemistry knowledge?
I love your hand gestures
These hands are very good at explaining things
thank u very much... u've been helpful
Wats up with this buddies hand motions
Excellent, you just explained what would've taken me forever to read. Thank you very much!
hey why don't you include bonding atoms on the left when you explained single and double bonds?
"check this out" teaching style was great and it all makes sense now, thanks!!
excellent explanation
Great!!!
The hand gestures definitely made the video
he literally just explained in 8 minutes what took my prof to explain in one hour
hybridization finally make sense to me thank you!!
So Clear
Why our teachers do NOT explain it that way?? Thank you! :)
Legend at work! Won't be able to answer those complex high-school questions without the help of this. Teachers told me about the sigma and pi bonds, what hybridization is and all but they never told me a simple fucking thing which is - how they ACTUALLY KNOW carbon hybridizes in different compounds the way it does. Thanks! :)
really really thanks
..........You.........You are amazing. I have a test on this on Tuesday and I literally had ZERO idea of what I was doing. Why in the HELL didn't my teacher explain it like this?!
Felt like it was the Joker teaching me Chemistry.
This gets right to the point and clears everything up! thank you
I'm still wondering why the fuck professors don't explain ANYTHING like this. WHY.
why do you ignore the Cl and the hydrogen on the left...aren't they still attached to  to carbon?
Awesome video chemistNate. God bless you and your family.
Thank you so much sir
the gesturing is a bit over the top there nate
I'm so glad I've found you!! You literally saved me! THANK YOU
id love to get a handy from you
yooo this replaces 2 hours lectures
Your hands are a tad ridiculous...
Just a word of advice, your hand motions in front of the papers can be a bit distracting, but the content and how you explained it was top notch.
OMG Thank you so much! I get it now!
What about the other hydrogen and chlorine (in the double bond)?
5:13 WHY is it acceptable to not follow hund's rule??
seriously, with the ability to go back and edit, add notes, or anything!, all you youtube people trying to explain hybridization COULD DO A LOT BETTER!
Is it me or do his hands look animated?
hobo tier educations received, thanks you
why isn't there another sigma bond in the double bond part , where there is a carbon-H and Carbon - Cl bond?
First bond is not always a sigma bond. Exception is C2(diatomic carbon) in which both bonds are pi and there are two sigma lone pairs. Visit website: chem.vander-lingen.nl/articles/The_C2_case/id/126/itemid/638 Thanks.
you have no idea how much this helped, i spend 2 nights trying to figure this out on my own and i got it in 8 mins with your video. Thanx again!!!
Thank you!! This explains it very well! Gonna be watching a lot of your videos for Ochem!
I just might pass that Orgo exam! Thanks :)
Chemical hand sign language
A pi bond can't b formed in d absence of sigma bond but sigma bond can b formed in the absence of pi bond. Pi bonds overlaps sideways which forms 2 sigma bonds there and S orbitals can't have pi bonds because of their shape!
I love you!
Thanks man! hope you're a teacher somewhere. we need you out there.
Thanks that was very helpful
You got me through chem 1 & 2 last year, but now you need to become ochemistNATE for the next eight months as I conquer ochem.
What the heck?! In 10 seconds you explained something my organic chemistry professor has been blathering about for two lectures. Why the devil do they use all those confusing diagrams in academia?? College is stupid.
I've been working on an understanding of this for 30 years!! You have added to this understanding! Thank you.
Only the first bond can be sigma. This is because of the way it creates a sigma (single) bond, which is a straight line from one atom to another. In carbon and other atoms, sigma bonds form between HYBRID orbitals. Double and Triple bonds at always pi bonds. They form only from leftover p orbitals ... never from hybrid orbitals. They form in the area AROUND the first (sigma) bond.
I watched this vid twice, still didn't get it. I understand the single and double bond but the triple bond is just suddenly like hokus pokes. the text book even more confusing. can you please explain differently?
good video still didnt understnd hybridzation clearly
You sir! Are a fucking legend
thanks so much!! after hours of watching youtube videos i have finally understood hybridation!! all i needed to know was exactly HOW to create hybridized molecules!! THANKS SO MUCH
Fantastic! been through chem videos but I thoroughly understood hybridization from this. Clear, concise,
THANK YOU SO MUCH YOU EXPLAINED IT VERY WELL!
clearly explained! thanks.
thank you so much for this video (and all your other videos!) my roommate and I have used them all to get through college chemistry, and they have helped so much!
hehe you are not smart then xD
the first second of this video helped me already.
Man, I'm pretty fuckin' smart and I don't get any of this shit.
American and Canadian teachers>international teachers. God damn.
This video FINALLY made me understand what the notation actually means. Thank you so much.
GOD THANK YOU, everyone else was beating around the bush with other info i didn't NEED!
ChemistNate (though I'm inclined to calling you NerdNate) could you please explain the use of Hybridisation in UV Visible spectroscopy. Thanks in advence
lol i thought there was a fly on my computer.
My instructor went out of her way to make this impossible to understand. You cleared it up in under a minute. You da man!
I just undrstud wat I ddnt undrstnd 4 weeks in just 8 minutes. Thnx man. Man u don't sleep, I mean the time was 11:30 pm whn doing tht
you are the best tutor ever. Your explanations are precise and easy to get. thank you.
I was looking over notes for hours and didn't get what sigma and pi bonds were... I learned from you within half of this video. Thank you!!
thanx a lot
Nice video. You would also make a good Chemistry Rapper.
Made a difference after 10 seconds of watching, I know where to go for chemistry help now
My teacher explained this in class for 2 hours and i did not get the concept. Seeing this video, it cleared my doubts. Thanks
my teacher explained this to me twice and still didn't have a clue what he was talking about..you are a genius, it took me 8 minutes to learn something which looks pretty complicated! - many thanks :)
Thank you so much! You saved me!
Hey, why is it called PI and SIGMA bonds?
Thanks! So helpful.
Thank you so much. This is the first video on hybridization that I'm actually comprehending and learning 100%. 10/10 for you, sir.
thank u so so so much! im starting to understand sigma n pi bond although not fully but i think i should be able to figure it out if i keep replaying the video. this is really helpful =)
THANK YOU!!! These short 8 minutes made more sense than my 50min lecture! Life saver :)
I watched several videos on this specific topic. ChemistNATE, by far, has the best video out of them all. Thanks so much, this helped me a ton!
YOU ARE AMAZING THANK YOUUU
so helpful! hand motions got a litttle bit annoying but hey helped a bunch thanks :)
Marry me(:
Interesting channel! :)
Woah awesome! Best hybridization video I've found yet! I'm definitely coming back :D
Thank You so much ..I understand your video more then my professor lecture.. !!! Iam sure I will pass my exam..
Passing Chemistry is now an option for me. Thank you SOOO much for these videos. I currently have a D in there and spending the past couple days on these videos... Tomorrow I'm certain I can pass our chapter test. Thank you :)
Nice. Everyone, this is my official announcement: SpocksToupee is a boss.
And thus begins ChemistNates Empire ;)
Please show molar mass :D
I never understood chemistry in school. Thank you for breaking down the matter in such an elemental form.
Please a video about CRISPR! You are great!
I am grateful for your valuable video. Please keep up your great work. You are making awesome informative video. I just subscribed your channel, liked it and looking forward for your next informative video.
Atom is a sanskrit word for shortest time period or smallest particle. This concept was created much earlier than Democritus.
Cool!
Finally I have understood
Second question is why I clicked on this.
Great animations and clear explanations. Excellent video
And how did they know they would be looking at one atom and that it would be right in the middle wow.
We still don't know the smallest particle.
Wow i watched this with my dad and this is AMAZING!
What an excellent break down. Thank you!
What happened to your channel?
I was talking to my gym partner who is a devout Christian and he said there is no such thing as atoms and that intelligent design is true. So now Im wondering how we know atoms are real.
This is a most excellent video. I can’t wait to use this in my classroom!
Excellent video, ??
I'm curious how small things can really get, and how do we know when we're seeing the smallest thing versus when our equipment just can't detect/ measure any smaller...?
Jaber ibn Hayan wasn't Arab though
1st time on youtube a french name is not buchered ( Jean Perrin ) Great video !
Thank you for speaking clearly. :Liked and substibed.
Atoms are thought to be a good example of God's Trinity. Atom is a unit indivisable and indestructable, It has also three names electron proton and neutron. But we dont say them three atoms.they found everywere. God is also said to be trinity (three divine persons) in unity. Its trinity named called the father, the son and the holysprit. They are not three Gods because there is a perfect oneness between them.As atoms are every were and God is also found every were even in up the space. In my orthodox christian church those colors green yellow and red shown in the hydrogen atom, are represented Trinity. Thanks.
I like this video so much, but I miss some part about crystallography.
Could you make a video about Hebb‘s postulate and the evidence for it? I would be very grateful if you did
Which software you use to make videos?
This was amazing! Love your vids...I personally believe Chemistry over Physics will eventually explain the origin of life. Would love to see some vids on how accurately scientists can determine beta decay rates in order to apply the technique to radiometric dating.
That was FANTASTIC
If you liked this video, search youtube for "A boy and his atom" and watch an animation using real atoms :)
Awesome! About the game that looks cool.
Great video
I'm preety sure there were also philosophers in India who theorised about things being made up of elemntal atomic particles. I imagine people in China and elsewhere were doing the same. If I'm right and not remembering wrong, they should be mentioned rather than focusing only on Democratus.
I wish you would have explained Jean Perrin's experiments
But, what the hell does that bloody bell do if I click it? It will send a notification to my email. Ok, but to see that notification I have to log onto my email adress! Isn't it easier to browse the YouTube subscription page and see what's new, rather than rely on that bell ? I am subscribed to hundreds of channels .... getting a notification for each video would drive me crazy. Is it really so hard to stop asking to click that goodam bell and let your subscribers decide whan to watch the new published videos. Seriously, I'd love to hear this from a YouTuber ..... hey, Stated Clearly , how many channels are you subscribed to and from how many of them do you receive notifications? None, right!? I though so.
Wonderful thank you for this video
I don’t understand how John Dalton’s experiment with compound ratios resulted in his theorizing the concept of atoms.
Very well presented video. Loved it. Thank you.
nice hitch quote
Fuck achool, show me youtube videos like these and ima get an A in calculus
Transmission electron microscopes have the capability to see atoms too!
Nicely done. Good work: thank you!
i learned a lot from this channel and it helped me a lot .. thanks a lot for your awesome work
Light is a Particle, called a photon. Very small. not a "wavelength". Ask Richard Feynman. Adjust your quantum mechanics please.
This beautifully sums up how science works. Our universe is far beyond what we can imagine.
woooooooooow i never know ppl finally found out how to look atom
Nice video, thanks. As a bonus, you've got all the french names perfectly right ;)
woooooooooow man..
This channel is soo underrated....
I wouldn't call potato cam proof or aliens might be real too
Shut up and take my subscription!
368 Billion likes
Adams exist....nooooooooooo it's Atom not Adam!
I'm a little confused about how the atom is being "seen". I mean it's just a bunch of electrons buzzing around a nucleus....shouldn't it look more strange than a shaded circle. Like a shaded circle doesn't seem to make sense at all......
Whoa man.
This video is great. You could have gone further and explained how we know the structure of an atom. I just really like the Rutherford Gold Foil Experiment. :D
Amazing video. I didn't expect it to go into as much detail and history as it did, but that was a great trip from the beginning ideas of atoms to the modern proof of their existence, summed up very well in only 12 minutes
Ive always wondered this.
Excellent video. I love how you encourage critical thinking as well. We shouldn't just accept the theories being spoon fed to us. We should demand to see what evidence there is to support said theory. I'm curious though: was there a reason Rutherfords gold foil experiment wasn't mention? I thought that experiment was pretty mind boggling and also suggested that atoms exist and that matter is mostly empty space.
you are too good, if i had teacher like you in school i would be scientist now.
I discovered this video to tell my fellow's
I love these little science vids. Very informative.
very useful video
you explain stuff in microscopic level which is good for us.
WoW what an amazing video, great work!
Great video. Audio is a little harsh though.
I think and scientists think that atom which made of electrons protons neurons And protons and neutrons made of quarks and may be those quarks made of smaller thing, therefore maybe there is no end and you can cut an apple forever and ever
Quantum mechanics says atoms don’t exist. Every “atom” is just a wave probability function that becomes an “atom” once it’s observed. #stepup
Do you have a team to translate your videos for spanish and portuguese? Need help on portuguese?
Nice job man, this channel is one of the best.
c.8.55 - Is it still light if the wavelength is shrunk to the point where it can be scattered off the sample?
Needed information, please give more info on atoms!
Even when you know what atom is, it's still so fascinating to watch this video.
So, essentially Democritus didn't actually refer to Atoms as we know today. He was referring to something beyond Electrons, Protons and Neutrons. May be Energy Strings or something beyond.
I'm Muslim Shia Zaydi THUMBS UP for Jabbir Ibn hayan R.A :)
Good thing I'm not made of atoms. ??
are you fucking trying to explain the atom without mentioning Bohr and Rutherford? what kind of retard would do that? also, one of your "science advisors" wanted to be a part of your video... how humble of him.
???? ???? ?? ????? ????? ????? ?????????? .. ????? ???
Thank you very much. Insightful videos like these makes me even more excited to be alive.
41 dislikes from people who still can't understand a simple & well explained video.
next video plzzz...?
Hitchen’s razor... so cool.
I believe Atoms are just our different multiverses, but I know some smart ass will probably shoot my hypothesis down lol
Pah! Filthy atomist propaganda neglecting the true understanding of electromagnetism.
Fantastic - thanks for this video, subscribed
Thank you for uploading. Wonderful informative video. I will stay curious.
Loved it! Thanks
Cool, with solid foundation and really understandable. Going to watch the full series for sure. Really mean that, thumbs up and all the stuff ... But wait ... I'm a physicist. Wasn't there a part about being undevisable? We can split atoms can't we? Well, guess that's where physics and chemistry happily each go their own ways. Hope to see something about Avogadro in your series too!
4:26 dihydrogen monoxide ??????
Great and easy to understand videos, thanks to your superb animations. I would highlight the number of 92 elements, because these are the ones we find in nature. The number of artificial ones keep going up. Interesting is also that chemists accepted the concept of an atom much earlier than physicists. Physicists only got convinced once they started to unravel the fine structure of the atom in the early 1900s.
Your content is worth subscribing to, so I have
My school uses all of your video
Your premise that the atom is the final stop of matter, the 'fundamental building block', or as you said 'tiny indivisible units' is a practical approach to life and physics but doesn't, unfortunately, reflect current understanding of 'matter'. Atoms are the basic building block (of ordinary matter), but are themselves composed of protons and neutrons, which are themselves composed of 6 types of quarks--up, down, top, bottom, strange and charm. Electrons are currently considered the smallest, fundamental particle, having a resting mass 1/1,836 of a proton. This is of course part of the standard model of particle physics--within which there are a number of, as yet, unresolved problems. It would seem that even 2500 years after Democritus, we still aren't quite certain how it all works.
Nice to see there are people who knows atoms are flat. There are funny people who thinks atoms are like balls because you know everything have to be similar to their balls.
Awesome!
Atoms are fundamental building blocks of matter, not chemistry. Chemistry is the study of matter. You cannot create a "study" out of atoms.
Jon Perry? Jean Perrin? That can't be a coincidence ??
Wow, this video was great, I’m so glad I found this channel. Subscribed!
Wow. The title is appropriate. Stated Clearly. It really is. These videos are great. The REAL waste of time is NOT watching it.
Nice work.
if you zoom into an atom you will find out thats it made of other smaller spheres, and if you zoom into one of these spheres you will find out yet again its made of other smaller spheres, and so on, forever and ever, same things happens if you zoom out of the universe
I still don't know what it actually is though. Like, what does a proton or neutron actually consist of. I know they have up and down quarks but what are they? I know we know how they interact and that they have spin and stuff but what actually are they, do we even know?
cool
Atoms themselves are made of smaller pieces, how small can things be? I'm annoyed by both the limit of how small things can be and the idea of things going infinitely small.
I clicked this to make sure you would be accurate. Good job.
Subhanallah We have this written in our book(quran) from1440 years
I did fkin subbed ! love the contents ??
I have 2 Questions re the "Image" of the Nitrogen Atom 1) Why don't we see the Orbital Shapes of the Electrons ¿ 2) Has the Very act of looking at it Collapsed those Orbitals, if so why doesn't One see Individual energy packets of those Vibrating Strings ¿¿¿ xxxx ??
I'm Gunna poison myself now on Dihydrogen Monoxide
Shocking! An atom is a circle lol.
Thanks
Really? Quarks and "blank?" were too hard to mention? It's blank to me because of you.. I don't know what it is, and I don't know how to google it to find out because I don't know.. Your Laziness has ruined my knowledge. And I thought electrons were in probable locations and not definitive? So much half information here, I'm so confused
I will blindly accept everything on the internet as fact. I believe you looked up the atomic radii of the elements for your illustration at 7:26. It looks really close to reality
great vid. however, it would be great to know why the wavelength of light prohibits the measurement of things smaller than it. What's the reasoining behind that?
This is incredibly exciting!! I wish people I knew gave a shit!
So alchemists were correct in the idea of nuclear fusion & fission but didn't have the energy calculated correctly to change the lead (82) to gold (79) like in the works of Glenn Seaborg?
Nice vid, Squeeze earth and its will be not larger as a golf ball and it weight exactly how it where before.
If that was a atom where were the electrons? The photon from the light should have collapsed the wave form of the electron but it's not visible in that picture..... Ignorant me: what do atoms look like....? Scientists: since we're so smart we have a picture of one for you. Ignorant me: wow, yo, that's well cool like. Hey, this atom doesn't have any electrons...... What you guys trying to pull?
Fun fact to understand the size of atoms. If you wanted to see the atoms of an orange, you would have to expand its size to that of the Earth, then each atom would be the size of a child's glass marble.
Very nice! Just one additional point about the history of imaging atoms – AFAIK, the very first such image goes back to the 1950's, using the then new, field ion microscope. The cover of Scientific American for July ( or was it June?) 1957, features a picture of tungsten atoms forming the tip of an extremely fine needle, using this technique. The newer techniques covered here, have, however, advantages over the FIM, including a wider range of elements whose atoms they can image. Fred
3:17 What does "no matter how hard the couple tried, however, they could not reduce hydrogen or oxygen"? What does "reduce" mean in this context?
Thank you so much. I'll love to have this animations available in spanish.
mind blown
"...atoms can now be seen...." , 0:55 min. Wow ! That's some statement right there. I wonder if it is meant to misinform , if it's done on purpose , if that's what you really believe ? And if you truly believe that , why the need to present it not as an opinion but as a sure fire fact ? A computer generated image is just that, a computer generated image. Should we go ahead presenting as a fact that the Na'vi can now be seen therefore they are real ? I believe you got carried away like many other science fans and even well known scientists. For many of them the notion of a scientific model lost it's meaning , everything is certainty now ,hard facts , etc. Yet pride always comes before the fall , how come that we can afford to forget that ?
I had no idea that atoms are square with labels on them. But I believe it.
you don't know the younger Albert Einstein at the first time of asking (I know a joke) or don't know exactly how to pronounce french names, that's all alright but the fact that you wouldn't mention the name of Dmitri Ivanovich Mendeleev in this vid is beyond shocking...
The ancients knew so much more than what we let on. Understanding the micro they moved mountains.
That was an excellent video. I think you convinced me that atoms in fact, do not exist. That little gray ball was absolutely not an atom. It was perhaps a representation of the data that came from an actual indivisible particle of matter, but definitely not a "picture" of an "atom". I mean it's not entirely clear that an atom is any more than a wave function or a probability. Once again, nice video though!
But how did they know when they split Hydrogen and Oxygen from water they were two separate elements? What made them think that, was it the color or smell? and how did they manage to physically separate the two after the reaction took place?
thanks for telling us that now we can see atoms because i always thought we can not see it and whenever i ask my teacher about it they would say that atoms are their because some scientist say it is there and that what they had been thaught and now teaching to others.
I'm so happy when I discover science channels on youtube!
The splitting of the atoms following our accumulated knowledge has undoubtedly changed the world we live in forever. What followed were laws like the Inverse Square Law. What most do not know or never continued the study of this law is that there is one stipulation of its use. This law does not apply to an extended source of radiation (like Fukushima and Chernobyl). Interesting enough this law is used in the process of calibrating geiger counters.....which by following the stipulation of this law a geiger will not get the correct readings from an extended source point of radiation.
I want to cut that atom in half so bad!
BUT WAIT! Why didn't you talked about Thomson, Rutherford, Bohr and Schrödinger? :(
You forgot all the isotopes..
Very nice, I really like the concise history. But we still have never seen an atom, just data arranged to represent light scattering off an atom. Still amazing though.
How does it work?
we need more channels like this. thank you
Atoms should be renamed.
Please have fewer "jokes". Jokes obscure, throw off the thinking train. Awesome content thank you !
It was a warm summer evening in ancient Greece ...
nice vid
You’re very very likable the information is stated clearly!!!!
very very great video i loved it.
Now this is an underrated channel
Beautiful... Good that you'e back... :)
if you wanna see atoms the best way is to use electron scanning microscope
Has your mom still got aids?
Still not convinced.
Very Great
Awesome ! Thanks for the great info spoken with so much simplicity
you didn't mention Mendeleev, the creator of periodic table
Great job, explained very clearly. I assume the upcoming videos will be about subatomic particles and then about quarks or strings or quantum fields. There are many videos simply stating that these are the "fundamental building blocks of reality" or just "truly elementary particles" but they never explain what these things really are. I hope your video will give some insight in (for example) what a quark or neutrino actually IS. I can't seem to find any good explanation on that, so that would be great to have Stated Clearly :)
So great to see a new video, my son and I were going through withdrawal ?? We love the animations. Can't wait for the next three.
Ya done good.
I thought this video would list what atoms are made of including the God particle or Higgs Boson. We dont actually know at this level what an atom is and thus what matter is exactly. This would have been more useful and interesting. We basically don’t know what an atom is at the end ...
Why do you have such little views?! I mean, This channel is great!
New sub. Came from Non Sequitur.
Since the author has memorized the entire number of p, I don't need any more evidence. I believe everything he says.
Great great work!
Could you do a video on instinct as how it relates to the lifestyle of insects and other animals that do not raise or teach their offspring survival skills?
Indian also proposed about atoms . Check this if it is true ?
So much good stuff in this video. From the opening quip about "blindly accepting" your assertions, to the introduction of Hitchens' Razor, to the history of the theory of atoms, to incrementally building up evidence to a satisfying conclusion, this was a delightful production. You don't need my validation, but well done!
Jon, wow!! Phenomenal work here?? Will be sharing this far & wide!! Thank you ??
Wow! Beautifully demonstrated, articulated to perfection!
Indian's know it before 5000 year's
Loves these videos! Can hardly wait for the next one!
Just starting this unit with my chem students on Wednesday. I think I’m definitely gonna show this before teaching it. Thanks for the material!
Thank you for all of your videos, they are "Stated Clearly" enough for me to introduce my mother and nephews to evolution and science in general with easy to understand visuals.
But isn't the atom mostly empty space? and the nucleus and the electron cloud are far apart? I mean what are we exactly seeing here? Can some one explain please ?
this channel is so underrated.you deserve waaaaaaaaaaaaay more subs!!
Amazing
Are you sure it wasn't Egyptians that first came up with this theory?
Nice
Seriously, Still lying about atomic theory origins. It was sage Kannada who expounded the atomic theory of matter before any greek scientists. http://firstip.org/legendary-scientists/maharshi-kanada-the-propunder-of-atomic-theory600-bce https://detechter.com/the-concept-of-atoms-by-acharya-kanada/ His vaiseshika sutras or Aphorisms even contain all principles of motion later given by Newton. So called Arabic scientists just translated Indian texts and gave them their names like Indian numerals r known as Arabic numbers. This is why u don't find any arabic scientists nowadays also. Don't even want to go into how many calculus principles were developed centuries ago before Newton was credited with them.
Great video
WOW! such a beautiful and interesting video. I learned a lot.
It would be nice if you make a video about the shape of earth, flat or globe, and how we know it. Stated clearly.
This is an amazing and curiosity-inducing presentation.
Those aren't atoms, they're tiny little angels.
I think you've got compounds and molecules mixed up
Man, some Ancient Greeks were so ahead of their time.
Thank you!
Glad you're back!
Great one love it from Egypt <3 Can't wait for the next
I love this so much when I found out the confirm existance of Atom. I feel like I want to celebrate the successful discovery too! Plus, this video was uploaded on my B-day! I'm so happy about this!!!!
"Jon Perry" is suspiciously similar to "Jean Perrin". I will let someone else to come up with a conspiracy theory about this.
I love your channel. One of the best on youtube.
Stated Clearly, you have given my son and i such an in depth understanding of science. A beautiful and informative approach ! I look forward to everything you put out and will definitely contribute and donate more.
Why do atoms circular?
Our discovery of atoms and particles is a result of our inability to conceptualize infinity I wonder...
I’m a science major in college and I like this representation of the atom!
I'm taking chemistry right now and didn't want this video to end. Glad you are back !! So I'm assuming, that picture of an atom with their green / red color scheme... That the red is the nucleous and the green is all the orbitals electrons "may be"? I can't wait for that imagining to become better...
Oxygen and iron do not react to form rust; they react to form iron oxide. THAT IS NOT RUST.
I'm supposed to be studying for my science exam about atoms next week instead I watch this video and I learn more than school
JON PERRY YOUR A LEGEND U DID ALL THAT????? SCRIPT, NARRATION, ILLUSTRATION, ANIMATION! WOW! MAN IM SO APPRECIATIVE OF YOUR WORK KEEP DOING MORE, I WROTE DOWN MOST OF WHAT U SAID AND IT WAS SO BENEFICIAL THANK U!
Thanks for the great video. Just one small correction: Jaber ebn e hayyan was a Persian chemist who was born in Tus (east of Iran).
Well done. Thumps up!
Nice to see you back after so long. 6 dislikes from law students.
Finally
I love what you're doing. Everyone is always talking about the dangers of our modern technology, about internet addiction and unempathic Fortnite kids. Rarely however does one mention the benefits that come from our modern technology (alltough it is used everyday). Education needs to adapt to our modern day as well, and people like you are setting an example. Thank you for your hard work and keep up the good job.
It wasn't very revealing to confirm for the third time that atoms have the shape of sphere
I think you missed mentioning this one guy Mendeleev, he had something to do with that there table of elements....
Shite. Your videos are best at teaching this stuff! Thanks man! Also, are you on deviantart? The science community there would love to have you there.
great video as always but what's with the weird echo / low audio quality?
I just found this channel. Great stuff!
I thought this channel is about evolution
YOU STILL UPLOAD?! YES!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
At least you are putting some kind of disclaimer down for hindu scholar but i have seen others just skip or don't know about it
Science, bitch!
Love it! As a chemistry major in college I am all about this!!!
Very nice video, got me subscribed
You missed the opportunity to show Einstein's observations about the Brownian movement. If you see particles of dust suspended in a gas or a liquid, they travel through an erratic path. If the medium was completely smooth and not made of particles, the dust should move in a straight line, but instead it moves in random directions, because it's being hit by particles.
This was perfectly stated.
Nice video. I already knew something about atoms, but didn't know the history... so, very nice animation and very well explained.
I love the way you use the phrase "building blocks of chemistry" rather than the way I learned back in the 1950's "building blocks of matter". Yours is way more accurate. Teaching is the process of passing knowledge on in a way that is understandable. If the student doesn't understand it, it's not teaching, just babbling.
Jaber abh hayyan id not arab... he is persian
Awesome video! See you next year
Democritus's argument for the existence atoms didn't have anything to do with matter's infinite divisability. It was a response to the argument ex nihilo nihil fit by Parmenides. Parmenides in his book physics argued that nothing comes from nothing, thus change is merely illusory. Democritus argued that the conclusion (change is merely illusory) doesn't follow from the premise (ex nihilo nihil fit) if the cosmos is made of indivisible units. The changes (growth, decay, etc...) that occur in nature are merely the rearranging of these indivisible units.
One "like" for Hitchens' Razor; but then you'd get a "like" from me anyway because of the topic and content.
Could you create a video on how we know what the earth's core is made of?
Serious question for you Jon Perry; would you be against me having your videos translated into Hebrew?
This is a good video.
Awesome video, thanks!
even though I already know most of this but I definitely learned few more things and the way you present it is just awesome and simplified and educational. it is stated clearly indeed. well done !
?? Thank you, Jon, for a most informative video. I came to much of this through a History of Science course that began with those so very clever Greeks! How they would marvel at the incredible advances we have made in examining the structure of an atom. Kindest regards from ???? and my companion ??
such a great video!!
tough topic done well
Awesome! I am looking forward to seeing next films :D
???? ???? ????
Best educational channel on youtube.
Can you get a better mic please? Would make your videos sound better!
9:00 stated blurry
lol how do i get that tshirt ?
thank you so much, i cant wait for the next one
Wow, that was such a great educational video! Yeah, actually photons are much tinier than an atom, but up until now I thought it's impossible to take a photoshoot of them, because, photons may add heat or energy to the subject atom(s), so it may just fly away or simply react with other atoms, thus creating something completely different, that we have recorded a fraction of a second ago.
You should probably put a link to your Patreon in the description. Amazing art and animation.
Nice Explanation ...right upto the last year 2017
Please don't stop making videos!
This is easily the best channel on YouTube, hands down.
Tune in next time for the follow-up question, asked by guest narrator Arnold Schwarzenegger: Who is your daddy and what does he do?
What does AD means after the year?? (Sorry for asking this my native language isn’t English)
Thank Darwin you’re back!
2:09 i would say muslim world rather than arab
I feel I'm getting smarter after every video.
Very clearly described. Very useful.
Awesome
It took me a semester at college(-$2000) to learn this.
Your animations are awesome. They help me learn soooo well because im a visual learner!
sweet! :D go science! :D
I’m glad that this video finally explained how we got to know what we know!
At 3:42 your periodic table makes the common mistake of putting La and Ac in the f-block at the bottom. They should be in the d-block (orange) below S and Y. I also disagree with coloring At and Ts as halogens. The halogens F, Cl, Br, and I are all diatomic, but At and Ts are not.
A proud moment for mathematics.
i was taught chemistry in school and college.. Never understood like I have now...I think even the teachers didn't know as much and precisely as in this video..
great science channel here, I recommended you to my chemistry teacher.
Everything cool until you have to skip many scientist that did contribute to the undrestanding of the atom to just push the video towards THE GREAT GENIUS OF ALL TIMES to be the one that let us silly humans to discover the atom. So typical conclusion... of all this videos of any science. Einstein did it again... bla bla bla
Ara Apkarian, more like Anna Kasparian.
2 dislikes??? probably literature students who have no idea about physics
Wonderful video. Perfect for my class. Thanks!!
This video causes existential crisis, great nevertheless
Fantastic, as always.
Really excited for the series
You uploading so few videos should be made a crime ??
I always feel like there's something science didn't figure out yet. Like some properties of atoms, that if know they would helps to predict chemical reactions with no need of testing.
Great video, but I'd like to note that you spelled the word Hydrogen as 'Hydogen' throughout the video.
Amazing video!!
Finally! A new video from Stated Clearly! Yuhuuuu!!!
wooow, nice recap :P more microscope things!! i saw a Video of cells one's yes,,,, microscope video
John I love your videos!
I love your videos, more please!
Love your videos! glad to see you back
1:00 You have a cute laugh. ??
0:45 That reverse psychology tho
I learn more with you than at school. xD
Awesome info!
Great video, as always! You're rare, but so awesome! ^^
Thanks for that. I don't speak english but I really like your videos because they help me improve my listening, and the next year I will study Biology at the university. I'll be waiting for your next videos.
I'm atomic!!!! Mwahahahah!
insanely good video. 10/10 animations
Beautiful ????
oh wow .. that saying about dismissing something without evidence is really good ... didn't know it before
Fantastic video! Thanks!
Atoms are themselves made of smaller pieces which cannot be divided more : they are called legos, they are the fundamental building blocks of life!
The EverQuest Quest turn in MUSIC??? Awesomeness
Sure atoms can also be split but they will lose theyr property. An atom of gold can't be called gold if it's split! It's just a bunch of protons and neutrons!
Woot. You are back :)
Wow. You are back!
Good info!!!
Very good video!
I was studying structure of atom when this was uploaded. .. What a coincidence! Nice to see you back and love this video! One question: According to the concept of subshells electron don't revolve but the present in electron cloud, and daltonian concept and structure was discarded. But that single N atom you showed us follows the daltonian structure. Does that mean shell structure is not true? I may have written something wrong since I'm only in high school and not really good on chemistry. Please forgive me if I did so
Great video!
Not hitchens razor, that is occam's razor, even though Christopher Hitchens (rest his soul) used it many times.
Awesome. Always glad to see a video from you, and the humor is always appreciated! Especially the video stats @0:54 ;)
Very nice to see you up and making content again! Thank you for the pleasant surprise. Awesome way to end my day.
How did the ability to see atoms not make the news
This channel is so nice wow
0:55 thats a lot of views and likes
Good video, but hitchen’s was an idiot.
Amazing, cant wait for next one!!
I'm a little excited!
Minor loss in sound quality compared to previous videos. Poorer recording equipment and/or noisier environment?
Good to see this again Jon. Really impressive.
Thank you for this
I love your work. You do take the channel's name rather seriously. :P Hope you can post more frequently in the future.
Nice to see you're back.
Finally a video
10:41 Huh, Ara Apkarian helped you on this. Neat.
So glad you're making more videos!
Thanks a lot bro ur tchng is superb
Love it!!!
How YOU doin'?
Appreciate what you're doing! You make learning more fun in one video than the totality of my time in highschool.
Great video as always, however there is a really small mistake: in ancient greek atomos is actually a singular noun. The plural is atomoi
????
Nice
Good
First