I love mild spicy
These dun look spicy enough
U should tell us the ingridients that every food needs
3:10 what's that appliance called? I don't remember and i'm about to go buy one.
yummy food I really love spicy food
I love that ‘oh yes’ at the end
Spicy foods are the best!!!
I'M a huge fan of spicy food I can't think my life without my spicy food ??????????
Growing up near Nashville I get lots of hot chicken :)
You call this spicy?! C'mon Buzzfeed, step your game up son!
don't be spicy pls
my mouth can't stop watering i love spicy chicken
#copymycomment
Sounds like me
Please make anything without chicken or eggs.
I'm drooling.
brah he goddes dude ohoh my case oh wohoho no no no hah he spicy hahaha??????
Its not spicy at all.cuz u have used sugar in it ??
THE CHICC KEIIIIIN ??
Would ya look at that? They used more than one table spoon of a spice for a recipe lmao
Recipe number 1 is the only recipe that you can call spicy. Rest they will add a bit of spices and a ton of honey and sugar ??
Come to Asia. We will show you their father..
I love spicy food. But I don't like non-veg so please can you update the veg spicy foods
ez
I can handle spicy things in my mouth but my body doesn’t and I always have to go to the bathroom and explode it but it’s worth it
Nothing spicy about these recipes
Need more details for ingredients
I got scared of the "okay" lol
That's not hot n spicy for Indian like me
Best part ... mixing every thing
Hit like if you love spicy and hot food ??
??????
Interesting, delicious and of course, HOT HOT HOT!!!! ??????????
Me:I shall just keep adding everything till it looks bloody red
1. Takies
Less spicy than regular Indian food lol
Why do you have 70's porno music for every vid?
HOT!!
As much as i like spicy food we can hardly make food like this anymore, peppers are worth $18.48 per kilo now adays ??????
00:4 ?? Whaaaat ?
So sad bcoz I love spicy food but peppers in the philippines coss P1k or $20
Motherfucking vedio
I think this background music gives RHCP vibe???? which is just perfect for the hot spicy food I guess??
Why did we need a bread in the 1st recipe
I love spicy food so much, my mom banned my from eating it for 2 weeks. :(
Very HOT
This is how TASTY attracts Indian viewers..????
The first one was awsome
I cried cause I hadn’t eaten anything spicy for a month
Hottest video ever
What is hot for you white people is chamoy to my fellow Mexicans.??
??????????
Rie hands for sure.!
Vegan deserves no spice
I ?? love this song
Its porn
i love spaicy
Title: How to lure Asians. ????
Juat add a california reaper and its done
I dont think this is spicy food it needs more chile
I wish I can enjoy spice :(
U guys should include spicy dish from indonesia ,malaysia and thailand...indonesian n malaysian especially ,the sambal dish will make ur ear smoking with fire..forgive my english..but just want to stated the facts..
had de
I wonder if anyone has ever cook any dish by these channel recipes
I ?? spicy food
I love not spicy but H O T F O O D S !
I swear this is my fav channel
Baby ribs!
Haha a classic known as the mask??????
I love spicy food! It just hates me, is all
CAN'T YOU MAKE VEG FOOD??????????
One thing is missing more spice
2:04 i thought she picked the ginger instead lol
I’m gonna make that spicy fried chicken
I'm an Indian and for my spicy means you should feel it on the ass the time you take shit after eating it. And to be honest the first recipe was spicy and the rest I have tried even though I added more of the spicy stuff seemed sweet and sometimes sour.
"THE SZECHUAN SAUCE MORTY." 1.42
Do a hot and spicy with no sweet stuff pls
I can't have much spicy food but still watching this...????????????????????
Why can't spicy food be made without chicken
omygawddd sthaaaaapp
At 1:45 this recipe will be extremely spicy
The spiciest one probably was the chinese dish. Damn those szechuan peppercorns are spicy af
start recycling plastic instead of vids
At 4:45 the cook's face reflects on the spoon and then he quickly removes it lol ??
Sri Lankan Tamil dudeeee- can handle all of this and moreeeeee
????????
Too poor to buy the ingredients. But i enjoy watching these????
0:13 i died
Oh yeah. Sooo hot( I like it)
MMMMMM..Spicy MAMAMIYA love see spicy food very much????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????
I love spicy food, but my anus looking at me like, bruh .
I can imagine when the wings are done.. " Do i really have to eat it??"
Mango and garlic together
2:03 Where the Szechuan Sauce?
I WANT IT NOW
Come on...this should hve been more spicy...????
Hey guys I know putting on FF your videos is your thing but...seriously. I broke my keyboard hitting on "space" to pause your videos. We need to read the instructions for more than a fraction of a second. There's something wrong with the speed. The human brains cannot take that fast. Probably I have to give up on this channel...
It's not too spicy . I really love spicy.????
Esto no Enchila WEE!!!!
I want second part of it. sooo addicted!
Cook on high for 4 hours is going to take all the butane at home
Hmm...good use wah pedal there.
the first one you should of bought fried chicken from public and put hot sauce on it -_-
I love spicy food
Paprika teri sari dishes bhosrika
Is it a spicy video ? I don’t think so bcoz there’s sugar or honey in all the recipes
adnan sami bheegi bheegi remix.
by watching this i wanna try worlds hottest and spiciest #spicelover curry sauce any thing with meat etc.......................................................................
This video is very hot !!
they did it they used no cheese its a miracle
I mean do they taste good
Are this dishes good
If I had to eat one food for the rest of my life it would be spicy ????
I'm eating something sweet while watching this
Am hungry
sup with the old porn music?
Neele Neele aambar par And Police Show Kalaakaar Sridevi acoustic Cover The Humma Song OK Jaanu Acoustic Cover & Bheegi Bheegi Acoustic Cover GANGSTER.
i really like spicy food, and seeing all these recipes makes me want to make them myself
i looooove spicy food!
The first recipe of chicken is better with honey instead of oil for the out sauce. I know its supposed to be Nashville Chicken but what can I say I like my honey and I like my sweet and spicy.
Those ribs was weak
Me and my friends eat hot sauce without anything at launch when there is hot sauce
Ooh i lobe the mask
What was that movie called
why just chicken??
How to get that seasoning she puts at the last of the Nashville chicken recipe
Mmm some amy, SPICYY
American spicy food is not that spicy..????
Re sirif chicken hi banane aata haj kya Veg nahi bana sakte tum
That to spicy ?? ?? ?? ??
I can smell the chicken but why?
0:16 I would dip meh fires in dat
why they didnt season the meat first on the bbq?!
This isnt what i call spicy food these are just normal food i eat everyday tbh
peanuts?
too bad i'm really not good with hot and spicy food
0:05
I'm hungry
How about you just pour Siracha into Pho?
tasty has mad szechuan chicken so many times now it’s expected
How come I’m not in this video and how come spicy gang isn’t Jk
Why is everybody replying to comments with I wanna suck you off? Tf
you literally fried some meat, then added chillies to it. Wow! I'm Indian and I know there is way more to chilli to that...
I'm watching this while eating????
hii
Looks like not one single white person in the comment section, they can’t even handle salt & pepper
This fishes are hot but definitely not spicy... I use more spices in my dosa than these...
Mango and beef and honey ew!
That first one ??????
Fire!
Stomach: Get your ass to the bathroom!
THAT THUMBNAIL MAKES ME HUNGRY!
Hi welcome to Chili's
Nice
Hot ??
I spat my food out due to laughter at 'Smokin'
Lit up??
SUNT ROMÂNCA TRAIASCA SARMAUA??
Amazing food
What was the weight of the chicken used for Nashville style chicken?
it's so spicy and fiery ??????????
Spice!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! !!!!!
hmmmmmhhhhhh oh yeah!!! ¡!!!!!¡!
I love spice ??????
Lord ????I can already feel the heat
Okeyyyyyyyy ;)
Even though I love spicy food I can't eat it or I will have a stomach ache But that doesn't mean I can't look at people make spicy food
???????!
4:51 daddy
4:09 why can’t y’all season the meat properly
Bruh the only thing that even seemed remotely spicy was that Nashville hot chicken
I wonder how eggs, breadcrumbs and flour make chicken so crispy SOMEONE PLEASE EXPLAIN!!
WOW!!!very nice!
Tasty, I'm trying to take you seriously, but all this sugar you're adding...
Hot and Spicy?
My mouth is getting so wet right now.
l love spicy food !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
for the first one use spicy Doritos instead of flour
Ya know for a second there I thought that Some of these wouldn’t have animal body parts
0:05 wtf are you trying to scare me?that was just creepy!oh this green face,but it’s ok because those great recipes
I hated it!!
Spices ????????????????????????
Hey the flour and buttermilk barely stayed attached to my chicken(1st recipe). Have any tips for me to avoid this next time. Ps. Still tasted good
hot annrrr' spisy meat, hehhheeaa bwoaiy
How much chicken is that in the first recipe?
This is LIT ??????
The bread is so unnecessary!?!
Kudos!
I have a chilli addiction! Chilli flakes are like crack to me ????????!
Mask reference ??
gr8 video
??
these recipes are so yummy they make me hungry
#fuckyes
I'm a little disappointed that with 6 recipes they couldn't make just one vegetarian. I understand most of their audience eats meat but when it's a compilation video like this one it's a little disheartening to see that they couldn't bother to do one recipe without meat.
First recipe is the most disappointing thing I've EVER cooked, only the chicken was flavoured the rest was bland and weird tasting because of the plain flour coating. Horrible. That's not Nashville Hot Chicken.
wowwwwwwwwwwww soo yummy ????????
"6 hot and spicy recipes for non-vegetarians" should've been the title.
That s ass blastin'hot
ooooooh spicy food my favourite!
spicyhttps://youtu.be/w15QdTUjMdc my recepi
alright but is this hot cheetos spicy or actually spicy bc my mom eats habaneros as a snack
Habanero lime wings is where it’s at tbh.
For me this is just regular food?????? still looks good though
It seems to be very tasty I wanna try
NEVER EVER heat Honey. As per Ayurveda - the ancient science of medicine and aprescribed way of life in India, as soon as you heat Honey, it turns to POISON. Ayurveda says it should not be added to even warm water like many people do in the mornings. Honey should be eaten only raw.
Can't you just make a video on some eaay recipes. what is the benefit of wasting times watching these videos when I can't cook none of them.If you can't do that,then just shut the f**k up!!!
I think it was a bad idea to watch this when on a diet
I am gonna add more spices.
I am salivating rn
I've been to Nashville twice and I've never got to try the hot chicken. Next time I will try it.
Damn
watching all of this videos while my parents are on vacation in Mexico isn't a good idea ???? bitch i'm so hungry
Wow, this looks so delicious!
Diarhea
Why dont put some more pepper on the flour instead
Good ideas. However the last recipe was so undercooked. You need the onions to brown further and also ensure that the gravy is acc gravy not water! Let it thicken!
????
SZECHUAN SAUSE!!!! WUBBA LUBBA DUB DUB
There's nothing vegetarian on this??
I wish I had a chef from tasty channel ????????
Oh yeah!!! Spicy food !!!!
Once you go spice your never go nice (with seasoning that is)
All these recipes are just mild. I eat the fire noodles as a snack ??
Just because it’s red doesn’t mean it’s spicy .
So all of them are chicken??? Really
Lol a lot of white people gonna die from eatin this food and then tasty is gonna get like 1000 lawsuits against em lol
"Hot" n' "Spicay"
the oh yes makes me feel awkward
None of these are spicy, you didn’t add the KFC 11 herbs and spices or the special spice.
Do Sweet and Spicy next!
I live in Nashville but never tried the hot chicken??
these 4 recepies are spicy eh?!....do not americanise the context of a dish being spicy too
R.I.P Ass
EARN MONEY ONLINE (part-time/fulltime). CLICK HERE http://bestcashjob.com/?refer=106427
The 3rd recipes sauce looks like something you would mix at a sleep over and dare your friends to drink
You call that La Zi Ji? Needs more Chili's than chicken and you know it
ey guys remember, just cause your mouth can handle spicy food, doesn't mean your stomach can
white people are crying just watching this
?????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????? soooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo spicy hummmmm
How to attract Indian viewers: this video title ??????
At 2:55... either their hands are really big or that bowl is just really small
Oken!
wings don't need that long in an oven... you fucking doughnut. also it irks me that they didn't dice up the finger
0:05 wtf
This made me salivate
Thank you Mexico for the chillies ????
what even is this? there's more to the hot and spicy life than marinating chicken... and other meats... Where's the Indian curries at? where's the stuffed jalapeños at? where's the chilli paneer at? there's loads of vegetarian things that you could've included as well...
Don't get me wrong, i love chicken as much as the next guy, but why does everyone single one of these have to be chicken...?
Ohhhh.....yesssssss.....????
my fav tasty video, no cheese overload and rlly nice background music
your every dish includes non-veg ??
'6 hot & spicy recipes' adds sugar
The second dish is called ???? or la zi ji ding and it is one of my favorite dishes in the world ( ´?`)
that feeling when u outspiced all your friends is a bless
i like spicy food
This is great and everything, looks too delicious! However, I could NOT stop thinking about whoever is making these recipes and hoping they don’t wear contacts. Because after all of those spices and hot sauces they’ll have to THROUGHLY wash their hands, MULTIPLE times so they don’t burn their eyeballs! ?? WHY IN THE WORLD AM I THINKING ABOUT THIS?!?! ????????????????????
Tasty dishes ate very tasty
Oh yes
I love chicken too, but is there anything veggie? Meat and poultry isn't exactly cheap these days
If you put one of these hot recipes in the fridge..will it be hot or cold?
all i eat is meat and spicy stuff perfect
The starting tho....????
Make a sweet and sour
1:43 SZECHUAN
This video is sexist and racist. At the end, you use a WHITE MAN to say "oh yes". Why not a black woman? FUCK TASTY
cant you do some vegetarian recipie
does anyone find it annoying that the title comes after the food is made? i wanna know what they are making before the recipe starts
The music sounds like a mix of Voodoo child and Cant stop. Still good for me
Yum
Not satisfied with the recipes this time surprisingly
I guess only meat can be spicy ??
Hi, hope you have a great day ahead! I am just a regular teenager who has recently started a cooking channel. Tasty's really great but I hope you give my channel a chance. Thank you!
I'm sweting already by watching this video. Must try this!
All the recipes aren't even spicy
What slow cooker do they use in their videos? Where can I buy this one?
This is too damn 0:04 And I LOVE THIS!!!
Can you make something in veg
This video was really lacking in spice except maybe the chicken
White bread??? Oh come on... just... no... forget about the slice there...
??????
This!!!!!!
I like your recipe but I don't like your music
Indian food is so much spicy than international recipes ........... The food we eat every day is more spicy than these recipes ..... Who agrees ?????
Tasty saw all the comments about not putting any seasoning and gave us this video LOL
I love mango-habanero combination
When you're the only one who realizes that none of these food in the video are spicy :D
Danky
Vegan recipes please...!??
Any spicy food lover here??!
Chicken tacos we call that tinga
big thanks from india
I love spicy food????
That bread looks gud
Written recipes?
Why do I have a feeling that someone deep in the comments are screaming about Szecuhuan sauce???
Dai ..... Indian paneer butter masala
Looks good but I don’t like spicy food but it looks good
Does anyone else watch tasty just because you’re hungry and the food looks sooooooooooooooooooo good
This is literally my most favourite video of Tasty ... I love spicy you see!
4:08 so for 3 pounds of chicken you put a sprinkle of salt and a speck of pepper? That’s tough
Beautiful chicken
When I see one of they're videos I try so hard not to break my diet
Wow I got $2351on my paypal from this tool without paying anything: freepplmon.club/?Rn1SMq
I always eat with something that's hot that I could find in my fridge!
.... y'all gone stop disrespecting Nashville with that fake ass Nashville hot shit ?????????
The fried chicken and spicy tomato coconut milk chicken looks amazing
Way too much chicken, try using shrimp or fish filets
AWSOME
all these look hella good but i know my white ass cant handle shit ??
Spicy food is good for tummy
That is not Nashville hot chicken.
J
Can’t wait to make one or more of these
why am i watching this i hate spicy food
Vegan hot and spicy next
The video is in fire??
Do more Asian food videos!
Nice
some of this stuff would not even be spicy at all
Garlic powder and onion powder? Americans will go to great lengths to avoid using fresh Ingredients
they put the chicken on an a rack to let the oil drip off then put it on bread to soak up the oil that's non existent.
I fucking hate pickles. Like someone actually invented that shit cuz he couldn't taste anything else.
Spicy food is the best thing to ever exist
? j'adore ??
Hijosu madre!!!! Another great bunch of recipes.
They look so tasty but if I try to make them, they will end up looking like something a cat threw up (-_-;)
Thats nice but were are the hot recipes?
Dude I live in Dubai and it's legit 3:48am and I am still awake to watch your vid man keep up the good job and that chicken is looking as fire
120th comment
Yummy ??
really want to try those spicy mango wings, i know if i tried to make it it would be a disaster.
spicy food is delicious! i've been having hot sauce since i was 4 :')
????? ???? ?????? ????? ??? ?? ??????!
The first one tho ??????????
So what in this video was supposed to be "hot and spicy", I missed it. Cayenne pepper is not hot, just bitter, try cooking something with Habanero peppers in it.
I don't watch this show anymore, but this reminds me of Sanjay and Craig ??
The music could easily be a Red Hot Chili Peppers song
Me fasima todo sus platos
This video is hot
????????
Tongue rape!
Is Nashville hot chicken usually served on white bread??
I love tasty
this would make my asshole cry........with joy <3
I love spicy
That music is giving me life
I love spicy food... but I am still waiting on the tasty video that makes me say, "I'm gonna cook that!"
I love spicy ??
for many asians out there, this is kind of spicy and sweet because of mangoes,brown sugar, sugar and honey
The peanuts ruined it.
Hot chicken is the thing that I definitely would pick :))
Yum ?? Thank you for the spicy recipes.
0:05 huh?
When you’re Indian ?? ...But a vegetarian ??
Look it up
Dish number one looks like it is from hot chicken takeover
Wow.. that spicy chicken recipe reminds me of this hot and spicy girl I used to date :)
Perfect! Been wanting spicy food all day.
As soon as I saw "Hot & Spicy", I immediately clicked on in ???? But not as soon as the notification notified me... ????
Delicious
Tasty
My spicy ass is so needy right now just ??????????
Mamma mia... povero fegato??
Hot and spicy like Spring Break
Is it me or everytime i try one of these recipes either the measurements are way off or the cooking times are way off?
SO TASTY. If tasty was a person, and if I could marry him....
Yummy food
This video is lit ?? ?? ??????
Not tasty
smokin'
????????
*see's spicy food*•?< *click
44 and 74 likes youtube have a problem I say is crazy I don't speack english
Why the pickle?
4 hours? I'am hungry what ??
Thank you for posting hot and spicy food recipes. I love this kinda cooking. Hope, to see more of these. ??
So delicious! or should I say, tasty?
Spicy food is life! Once you go spicy food you can't never go back to "regular" food
44 views and 114 likes ??
This was made for me????
Yummmm
MILK
I'm a simple man I see a tasty video, I click.
Love this channel
Youre gonna get a rally spicy attitude
44th
Now this...This is good food.
I love Jim Carrey The Mask oh my God love that one
Hot and spicy..
Love this I Hope Tasty Pins This FoodWriting ?? ??
Mexicans like this
I love all the recipes you guys make ?? there my favorite time watch too lol
Make cookie dough vanilla and chocolate cake
i was the 27th person to watch
Awsome recipes tasty
Totally using this recipe for my hot chilli wings for lunch tomorrow ??
Ohohooo YES!!
5th
Can you do something Just add magic?
??????
6
hi
1st comment
5th
IT BURNS
45 view
3rd
First
2nd to like... ??