HELLO ALL - Two quick things: 1) There seems to be some YouTube error meaning some people are seeing this video listed as 'private' when clicking - either refresh or open in another window and it should be fine! 2) John is perfectly fine everyone, the poor divil had a sports injury right before the shoot - he's all better now. :)
Would love to see you guys try the "Hot Ones" style wing challenge. Could be entertaining!
When lor said fck a duck I propelled my tea halfway across the room my love for that beautiful girl has grown exponentially, her sense of humor is as gorgeous as she is ,love to one and all from Tennessee Note to the guys when you're going to eat spicy food have a container of sour cream or a glass of milk they cut into the effects of the capsaicin in the pepper and limit its Ill effects on your digestion!
You call down the thunder? Well Hell comes with it! and it's name is Carolina Reaper
The redhead with the glasses is gorgeous move me to Ireland righr now lol
I love watching people eat hot foods ... and suffer afterward.
They should try jerky from the store called all things jerky
I love Carolina reaper jerky ??????
That one lad been scrappin! Hope you like the Jerky lad! Gotta like jerky!
Wtf happened to John?
Should have an "aftermath" video for when the reaper exits!
If you thought that beef jerky was hot, you should try some of the super hot sauces. A good one would be Blair's ultra death sauce.
get some Last Dab on here for the children. Let them experience it.
5:40 "I'm the spicy boy, I'm the one who jerks." I see we have a Game Grumps fan :D
There's that taste that makes you think it's ok! Lmao!!!!
The Carolina reaper is just too hot to enjoy. Stick with the medium spicy jerky
Great news the reaper has been replaced by a hotter pepper, from the same guy that made the reaper. While only about 20% hotter, you'll probably be able to tell. Unless you die!   Just what the world needed, a pepper that tastes like brimstone!
John! What happened to your face?! I don't want to be stereotypical...but....
I eat Carolina reaper every day, I really like it, all my family love it and is really funny when a friennd comes and eats some our food jajaja
Why did the Irishman wear three condoms?? To be sure,to be sure ,to be sure
Thank you so much for this. Their reaction after eating the Carolina Reaper made me laugh so much I cried. I haven't laughed like that in a long time and I really needed it. God bless you all.
Time to try some South African biltong... much better than this beef jerky stuff. You get it from beef, deer, kudu and others... also in the spicy variant.
Lolol the burp
Yo! What happened to my boys nose man I love this guy on the try channel send me to the person that Hurt you and in the name of the Irish fellow man I will hunt him down
Ahh fuk a duck love it
"It was goin really well Jeff. It was going really well. But I just think we should see other people. Because now when I think of you, my anus will Contract......" "ALRIGHT JEFF!!! "
You cannot blame Jeff for the Carolina Reaper one. You have to blame your friend on the channel for asking for the SPICIEST jerky. He is the one you should be blaming.
What happened to poor John Sharpson's nose....
5:08 that’s what she said
WE in Texas love that California reaper shit
6:03 sexy
I LOVE Lolsy Bryne she is so cute and funny.
Are I'm dreaming or they just love something from america?
"It's really hard to..." What you mean you have to JERK ya head and hand to eat the JERKY... Well fuck me y'all, are you forreal??? :D
"Fook a dook!"
Drinking the water is cheating!
holy shit John!! what happened to your face.... (er... well.. I mean your nose?)
Fun stuff-we make our own with ground meats (chicken, lamb, beef, and yep sometimes duck) and different flavors and spices.
How about one with South African food? We gave something similar to jerky called biltong. Not sweet like jerky but savoury. Much better than jerky.
"I'm the spicy boy, I'm the one who jerks!." This has to be a Game Grumps reference to: "I"m the video game boy, I'm the one who wins!."
What happened to dudes nose? And when is Laura gonna let me take her on a date?
The guy in the Tetris shirt deserves an award for wearing a Tetris shirt. I fuckin love that game
ROTBL (B is bed) no shit I was in tears laughing so hard. Sorry guys but that shit is funny right there.
niamh is one I would a night with. ffs
This is awesome. Not what you all went through but hear me out. I LOVE.....jerky in almost all it's flavors. I'm not a fan of that super spicy stuff. I love the Irish ladies, though unfortunately I have had little contact. You're hilarious. The accent is cute, sexy, fun, etc. Your attitudes are great. You put a lot of American men to shame. Keep up the great work!
Did she say fuq a duck?
So is the crew back? Or is this old material?... Because I've really missed them!!
Guinea pigs for Carolina Reaper... I'm not dead, but you might be.
I see you sliding Grump reference, Colin. Now tell me, was it worth the pain? XD
Hhahahahah yess I’m from the state where the Carolina reaper is from
You guys should really try the USA military MRE's!!! Some are good and some are HORRIBLE!!! Love you guys
You have to use gloves working with Carolina Reaper :-)
Here in the US that's still mild lol
got to say Americans love there heat and a good challenge
I want Colin and Lolsy's T-shirts!!!
Wow. The girl with the cats shirt gets better looking every episode. Your so hot!!!!
Dude what the hell your nose/face?? Who did that to you tell me I’ll kick their A$$.... seriously NOOOOOOOOOO!
6:14 make this top comment XD
"I'm the spicy boy; I'm the one who jerks." Was that a veiled Game Grumps reference?
Don't fear the reaper.
I see that the Irish millennial’s are just as stupid as our American millennial’s.
Try Southern american biscuits!! With gravy, with jelly, with butter and honey etc
Get Well Soon, John.
I really want to try that last one. I'm the type of crazy motherfucker those were meant for.
More emphasis on the brunettes huge tits please
Can you belive I just noticed my bishes from facts opened a new channel?!!? I AM THE HAPPIEST HOE IN THE WHOLE WIDE WORLD!!!!! I love yall! Seriously!
how about ALL of the Try guys & gals do the ONE CHIP CHALLENGE!. ??
When that girl at the start said its time to jerk off i almost nut.. is that normal?
Take meat, slice it real thin, stick it in a food dehydrator, package it and enjoy. It isn’t hard to make your own. And before you dry it, put whatever you want on it as far as seasonings go. Great for hiking, backpacking, fishing, camping, when you need extra protein.
This is getting to be annoying. Not all americans like hot, spicy food. I am irritated at being portrayed as a classless chili muncher just because I happen to be an american. Get real, folks. There are way of having lots of flavor in your food besides adding too much chili.
kick that bitch with the fake red hair and cat shirt. she always acts like an immature 13 year old twat.
OMG, I need to move to Ireland!!!! I love these people!!!!!
Bláithín is fucking adorable.
The Woman in the glasses is finer than a new set of snow tires...
Hey blond are you sweeting on the riper :P
"I'm the spicy boy, i'm the one who jerks" Is that a game grumps reference?
HAHHAHAHAHAHA Burn that anus MwaHAHAHAHAHAha!!
I love how everyone just paused before the Carolina Reaper. :O
Ur poor arse holes died....may they r.i.p
Try pepper extracts including the end hot sauce
I grew up eating steak in a bag beef jerky. It was the best tasting jerky I have ever had. Full of flavor till the last chew. Now you won't be able to find this in any store. For it was home made with love. And sadly the man who made it died this year. But I will forever be unable to eat that tasteless stuff they sell at the store. His was the best. He once had these two brothers who keep saying that his xstra extra hot wasn't hot enough. So he keep trying to up the heat while still keeping a great flavor. Finally these men said it was hot enough. But by then he had to were a hazmat suit with the full setup to bag the jerky and clean the equipment. After a few years he quit making that flavor due to the fact that he lives in Texas and it's vary hot in a hazmat suit. He got too old for such things. It was his hobby and we all supported him. It also was high quality ingredients and expensive. The funny thing about it was his costumer base where all dirt poor. But one free sample was all it took and you where pulling out your wallet.
I grew up eating steak in a bag beef jerky. It was the best tasting jerky I have ever had. Full of flavor till the last chew. Now you won't be able to find this in any store. For it was home made with love. And sadly the man who made it died this year. But I will forever be unable to eat that tasteless stuff they sell at the store. His was the best. He once had these two brothers who keep saying that his xstra extra hot wasn't hot enough. So he keep trying to up the heat while still keeping a great flavor. Finally these men said it was hot enough. But by then he had to were a hazmat suit with the full setup to bag the jerky and clean the equipment. After a few years he quit making that flavor due to the fact that he lives in Texas and it's vary hot in a hazmat suit. He got too old for such things. It was his hobby and we all supported him. It also was high quality ingredients and expensive. The funny thing about it was his costumer base where all dirt poor. But one free sample was all it took and you where pulling out your wallet.
Have them try Jack links beef jerky
I'm amazed that you folks are eating this stuff. I could never ever. And the best counter for hot spices, is milk chocolate.
5:42 "...cuz I'm the one who jerks...and yeah I...just put the whole thing in my mouth like an idiot..." Fkn classic! And this is why I subbed initially. You never know wtf is gonna come out of their mouths at ANY moment. Gotta love the Irish. (?°?°)?? ??? ? ?(°?° ?)
I love watching the Irish try vids those guys sop funny. Keep em coming.
Niamth tumbleton is absolutely gorgeous
mad points for the "Cool Runnings" song
Love the Game Grumps reference, haha!!!!
"I'm the one who jerks!" And then her looking kowingly at the camera.
LOLSY WHERE DID U GET THAT SHIRT OH MY GOD I LOVE THAT VIDEO
What is wrong with Tetris boy? He never makes sense!
I am sometimes surprised the Try crew never ask about the price of food. Store bought jerky in the USA is fucking expensive.
Éadaoin’s laugh at the beginning! ??
Hoover it lol ??????
IF you think the burn is bad wait for the "After Burn" to kick in. LOL
I think they should Try Hot Ones Last Dab sauce
What heck happened to John!?
sponsored by Jeff lol good stuff
For 50 years I have be on a quest to find authentic home made root beer, not that crap they throw dry ice into on Halloween, and authentic beef jerky. My grandfather made the best. He would cut 1/4 inch strips of beef 8" long, roll it in box full of pepper with no other flavorings, throw in on a clothes line or barbwire fence and let it dry naturally for a couple of week. NOW THAT, was jerky to die for.
4:25 LMAO??????
What the hell happened to Johnathan's nose?!
Come on y'all are weak.....weak....weak.....weak
Just found you guys, and love it. Part Irish on my dad's side and see where my sense of humor comes from!??????
Did that woman say her rectum reacted to hot spicy beef?
You really need to come here and go to buffalo wild wings.. Its  tasty hot..
If Blaithin wants an American husband, I volunteer. That girl is gorgeous!
Eadaoin looks like Miley Cyrus in that preview thumbnail
Lol ??
Wait!!!!! ...... ‘Hates Everything’ four eyed ginger chick actually liked something??!! Hell has frozen over.....
I love Reaper jerky. Chase the heat ;).
Nice snatch!
3:02 COOL RUNNINGS!!! ??
How they think jerky is made me facepalm so fucking hard.
?? best one yet
John's catch and Bla's reaction made my day.
They actually deliver internationally :O! shipping cost is $28 but totally worth it????
Fucking hell John, feel better you crazy goof!
So excited about eating spicy jerky then they drop the Carolina reaper on them and asses tighten, and everybody runs home to momma! "Cummon! Show a little backbone!"... BWAHAHAHAHA!!!!
try biltong!!!! and Drywors!!!!
1:42 should have been your thumb nail
Now did you get in a fight lad or were you so knackered you fell down and fucked up your nose
Oh fuck a duck.....I so love you.....that was so funny
Eadaoin is such a beaut
These ladies and their sexual innuendos.
Please do a drinking game with random Absinthe brands.
Everyone wearing shirts with words are on the right side.
1:42 That gal could suck-start a leaf blower !
Other than the novelty of "hottest pepper" I don't see the appeal of eating anything with Carolina Reaper written on it. Hot food is one thing, but so hot you can't even taste what the original dish was is another.
Has anyone noticed that more then half the cast teeth are piss yellow???
So John was Headbutting Rufus eh ......................... ;-p
John, John, viciously hitting something with your face is a metaphor, man...
Who would buy the Reaper flavor? The word you're looking for is Masochist.
some of the first jerky wasnt even done. it was still floppy. the guy with the screwed up face pulled one out and it flopped. jerky isnt supposed to be floppy
Goes to the jerky factory just to see Niamh and Lolsy chain smoking and vacuuming sides of beef.
5:45 Was that a Game Grumps reference?
Wait a second! At least three women continue to call me over because every time they think of me their anus contracts...
... Hoover my steak [pantomime] anytime!
“Im the spicy boy. Im the one who jerks.” Game Grumps reference. ??
With a certain leather clad man ??
what happened to that one guy's nose?? get in a bit of a tussle? :P
3:02 was that Cool Runnings lol?
"Now I know why dragons are so angry...." haha...nice job.
John has a piece of jerky on his nose...
How about you guys try playing Mario + Rabbids: Kingdom Battle? We all LOVE it!
Use Peanut butter if it's too hot.
LOL and the Reaper is mild
Great video!
It taste like burning... lol good stuff.
NEXT TIME ON TRY CHANNEL Z!!! We find out the truth behind the bandage! All scars have their tale!
Sooo.... We really don't talk about fight club?... Cmoooon broooo... FUCK THE JERKY!!! Out with it! How'd you get poked hard enough to get stitches!?!?!?
Irish people try playing Dungeons & Dragons?????
how does this taste?!
Hahaha who nutted John?
The dark haired girl is HOT!! I want to marry her!??
I'd love to see Irish people react to American Gods. Mad Sweeney specifically.
What happened to homeboys nose?
Anyone suffering from depression just needs to go to Ireland and hang wit da locals.
Reaper Jerky will give a whole new meaning to the Annie Song "Tomorrow" ..
For some perspective https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xSeBSXmc9rU
Having an old fashioned "jerk" off lol
The part about your body pushing everything out is true. Especially if you eat a Carolina Reaper or a Ghost Pepper on an empty stomach. Your body goes into full on purge mode and wants to shit and puke everything out of your body. DO NOT ever eat one of those peppers on an empty stomach.
Irish people react to the Irish pug songs!
I laughed so hard that I woke up my wife. Can I please be your token NDN?
So Jerky is cow bacon?
Carolina reaper jerky is delicious
Belching just makes Carolina Reaper even worse.
Beef jerky is good in any situation.
The hottest beef jerky I've ever eaten is Katie's XXX Scorpion pepper. It's hotter than any Carolina Reaper pepper jerky I've had even. You should look up their Super Spicy Beef Jerky Variety Pack
Would have been cooler to say he got into an alcohol fueled bar fight. Just saying. Sounds more Irish.
This is a personal challenge cuz I've done it before it's a product called Pure cap. Make buffalo wings and put three drops of it in the sauce before you mix it and let them eat it.
The women are gorgeous, but you all are awesome.
I can't stop staring at Johnny's nose...
What happened to your nose?
Jeff trying to kill these people
Irish People React to Tenacious D.
I'm the spicy boy! I'm the one who jerks! Game Grumps reference for those wondering.
Please God!... Give me an Irish Girl.
Bláithín, I still find myself attracted to your feminine charms! I know you hate when men notice you... but I can't help it!
I cannot believe that Carolina Reaper is an ingredient in a food product. The stuff is dangerous.
Did Bla' have to kick the shit out of Sharuf to make him eat jerky?? Easy woman!!
whats up with John s face?
Holy shit, it must suck alcohol fetus syndrome cock in merry old Ireland. No beef jerky? Bullshit. What a retarded channel. It should be attractive person meets Irish people. That would be great.
Today I learned not to take a rip while watching Try videos.
Carolina Reaper will ruin your tastebuds for life! Love you guys!!
"I am the boy who jerks" pfffffffffttt!
Did y'all have fun jerking off? ??
Eadaoin.... You're clearly a very filthy girl, based on your sense of humor, so what do ya say you let me whisper sweet nothings into your butthole?
You should do another America chips but use the brand Herrs instead of Utz chips
Funny funny funny and ladies smoking hot
The fuck happened to your face, dude
Czech alcohol already. The original Pilsner (Pilsner Urquell), Tuzemák (wannabe "Rum"), Budweiser Budvar, Žufánek Absinthe, Slivovice (Plum brandy), Becherovka...
Irish people eating Carolina Reaper (-flavored beef jerky) and all turning red like beets. What could be better?
Loving that carolina reaper jerky!
He's the spicy boy whom jerks
"I'm the one who jerks"
Fuck you, your channel sucks.
I love the girl with the spectacles
Disturbing how all three pairings linked the Carolina Reaper jerky to some sort of violation of their anuses/bottoms. Funny, but disturbing.
Let’s try next time Irish people try toothpaste ???????.
The blonde Irish lady reminds me of my sister no barrier and making allot of immature comments.
Looks like you just put a dick in your mouth
Aww John! I feel so bad! #prayersforjohn
Jesus! what a slash! Warrior.
Christ Irish folks are sexy lol
They did pretty good, but my brother and I ate a whole Carolina reaper each! I bet that would’ve tore them up! https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=Dx5glJlIVG0
"I'm the boy who jerks." and her look ??????
I'm assuming the guy with the bust up nose is a boxer and that he wasn't mobbed on the way to this show?
an irish with braces and a broke nose... all seems normal here
The woman with glasses is so beautiful??
Ordering a bag of the Carolina Reaper now.
I just watch for the chick with glasses. Idgaf she captivating.
A Carolina Reaper. That's what you eat to start the day. Screw the caffeine. No one sleeps when their taste buds and throats are on fire.
Years ago, in the US, we had a truck commercial with a frontier family making their way west in what was originally a covered wagon. But, in the fashion of the commercial, the wagon had been replaced with a truck. The wife was in the passenger seat and extended a piece of meat to the husband, who was driving. "Jerky?" He replied, "Actually, no. It's a real smooth ride."
The bad thing about über-spicy foods is, they burn going in one end, and burn coming out the other end. I guess Blue Oyster Cult was wrong, when they said, "Don't Fear The Reaper".
"My rectum is reacting" LOL
Irish people watch and react to Daniel Sloss's 'Jigsaw' concept
love this channel, love you guys, make me laugh all day long. but there at the end when Laura started talking bout the the after effects of that "Reaper" pepper,,, i lost it LMAO. I guess it could be called the Skirt Dropper jerky? LOL but serious. you ladies and gents are great!!! keep it up!!!!!
Johnny bullshit is like "where is the beer!!??" Niamh is so pretty.????
reaper jerk --- do NOT touch anything "sensitive" until you have washed your hands atleast 4 times!
"Awh fook a dook" LOL :)
What the hell happened to his face? Did he get in a bar brawl?
Irish PEOPLE? Just say Irish. I realize it won't be Irish Turtles. God I hate PC culture.
You should react to one of your videos but with auto-generated subtitles! YouTube doesn’t really understand the Irish accent so it’s extremely entertaining!
where I'm from, jerky is called Biltong
So,The former FACTS channel changed their name to TRY? Nice! Welcome Back,everyone!
"hoover" is one of the best verbs, ever.
binging your last two videos makes my mouth watering... LOL
Feck off you Irish coonts.
Well you did ask for spicy! Ask and you shall receive!! :)
Irish broads are gross.
the women on this one are charming and attractive
Someone needs to make a "Best of burps" video ft Laura aka Lolsy. ??
Eadaoin is hot.
How does Eadaoin pronounce her name?
When you have a carolina reaper wank its important to NOT wank with the same hand as you touched the reaper with.
Licking cows and retracting rectums...Just another normal day on The TRY Channel...
You all need to try these... Specially the chocolate that listed first. There's a challenge to see how many tiny squares you can eat.... But you can only eat 1 every minute https://www.vat19.com/category/Spicy-Stuff
No one in America eats Carolina Reaper anything that except super hot pepper fanatics.
Yo , John , who is leather-clad -man ?
When I've got a long drive (like 5 hours or more), spicy beef jerky and Coke is my "go to" driving snack.
Lol. ????????
Is jesus in this video poor guy.
John, what happened to your face? Heal that up fast, y'hear?
“I’m the spicy boy, I’m the one who jerks.” Haha dying
Unfortunately “American” beef jerky is hot garbage. Gotta get that New Mexican beef ?? Jerky. It’s thee best
Lolsy burps ars so cute : )
Hilarious ??
damn who beat that dudes ass?
Fuck a duck. well played
2:40 is a Game Grumps reference. Nicely done.
For those new to beef jerky. It's not meant to be hot. It's meant to be good and tasty. Something you can take with you on a hike to give you energy.
I thought for sure poor John was going to cry when he saw the Carolina Reaper.... can't blame him though
O M G.. That burp what the cutest burp ever. She totally had me at burp. <3
Previously, on Bates Motel...
Pause at 0:29, that Black raven haired Irish girl looks like Jennifer Connelly to us United States borns. Pure Raven headed Irish Black beauty.
Do the Irish born lads and lassies have not USA American products? Is this really a t'ing ? In 2018?
jerky is smocked not just dried otherwise youd get a very bland taste not so good
@0:32 Who else isn't surprised the Irishman has recently been in a fistfight?
who hurt you JBS?
How about a mega mix video of all of Laura’s burps?
the shorter version of "jerk jerky" is jerk(1 + y)
If it wasnt so expensive to send you guys something, Id love for you to try mexican american candies. Those pack a punch. There are so many things id love for you to try
I always love Lolsy’s burps... so hot ;)
Line of the video: lolsy: fuck a duck
Gotta love Laura and her "Cool Runnings" reference!
Did a football hooligan marry his Aunt or something?! What happened to his nose?
I just finished watching all your videos! ?? I was really sad when FACTS ended since I won’t be able to watch you guys again but now all is sorted. Very well! ??
Eadoin is sexy as hell
Do Mexican candy
IRISH PEOPLE ROCK ! And they learned to speak English very well. ??
I hope someone put a few toilet rolls in the fridge before this one...
I had some ghost pepper Beef Jerky , That was friggin hot !!!
Okay guys ... I noticed that none of the people from the spiciest wings video were in this one. I have no doubt they would have walked out when they saw Carolina Reaper on that package. I wouldn't blame the either ... That stuff really is dangerous.
"No wonder dragons are so angry." Hahaha!! You won the best line of the show!
Eadaoin. Is gorgeous
I made some spicy Jerky at home using "Shit the Bed" and "Satan's Blood" hot sauces. It was great eating it, but not so great when your ass feels like a flamethrower afterwards.
Ah, my people
Btw this isnt rarely good jerky. You can buy jerky like this anywhere in the South western US.
Is that a blonde, Irish James Mcavoy?
@lolsybyrne wins for best timing of a burp...
Irish People Try :Woomtree Hot Capsaicin Sauce
Carolina Reaper is great! I have powder to add to my chili. And tacos. And lasagna. And anything I think it would go well with.
What the Hell happened to John Sharpson's nose? ??????
That quote should live on!!! I'm the one who jerks and I put two in my mouth.... Thank you for that gem!
Lolsy's belch was fucking SPECTACULAR 6:03
Be careful what you ask for Eadaoin you just might get it! LOL great video.
It's official... I am an awful human being... I saw John and immediately thought "Why'd he get into a bar fight?!"
Hehe, who on TRY's up for Samyang x2 Super Spicy Instant Noodle challenge? (reputed world's spiciest instant noodle) Warning: diet not guaranteed
thank u tryreland
"I'm the spicy boy! I'm the one that jerks." He watches Game Grumps! hahaha
Try Nashville Hot Chicken!!!
The blonde is hot shes my fav
Great video guys just keep the gay guys and we're good! Awesome video Try Channel!
God I love all of these crazy Irish and the lassies are so lovely to look at it!
A Very interesting format...I also do Food Challenges & Irish.
"Im the one who jerks" XD HAHAHAHHA
ahahahahah, the episode was going so well....aaaaaand it took a nose dive towards the end ??
Don't mind watching you eat hot and hotter stuff but for god's sake have a beer handy instead of milk! Alcohol lifts the pepper oils off your tongue and washes it downstream.
??????
Irish people learn to drive an 18 wheeler.
I watched this salivating, because I love hot, spicy stuff. Should've had my dinner first. Also as soon as the Carolina Reaper was shown on the screen with the smoke alarm and flames, I started laughing. The after Carolina Reaper reactions had me crying I was laughing so much.
I bet john got his ass beat by the leather jacket man hitting on his girl
That Cool Runnings reference though! Lolsy, have my children!
Hot peppers help us heal. John's hurling hurt should be fine next time. Get better, John!
Missed out on "You can't fix stupid" jerky from Lincoln Ne. Wish I would have known would have sent some.
Hot and spicy are two different things. Carolina Reaper is just godly hot lol
Bláithín, I'm the one who would buying and eating lots of it, but it costs too much to buy. So I make my own. With a dehydrator, or over a fire, not with a Hover.
Imma have to hit up Jeff's website. I love jerky. I love spicy.
It was nice to see Balithin enjoying the food for a change ??
You know what these guys should try next? the Mother Of All Bars!
You guy... Never satisfied. First you ask for hotter. Then you complain about how hot it is.
I forget that Colin is a Game Grumps fan, lol
Guessing that no one in the shoot spoke to Áine, Paul or Nicole, and that Dónal tricked John or something...
6:03??
John looks like he got glassed by some chav
2:57 just a moment of appreciation for John and that awesome catch that flowed seamlessly into a presentation. your skill has been recognized! or sheer luck lol
Did Leather Jacket Guy punch Johnny Bullshit in the face for real this time? What happened?
Loved everyone's reaction to the reaper lmao have you guys thought about being on Hot Ones?
COOL RUNNINGS REFERENCE FOR THE WIN!
Should have them try the last dab pepper x from hot ones.
Lolsy just crying with her tongue stuck out is where I lost it.
"It's not even food, it's just pain." John, truer words have never been spoken.
Who punched John in the face?
Colin: Send us some spicy beef jerky, the spiciest of the spiciest. Jeff Richards: CHALLENGE ACCEPTED!
I'm so addicted to these videos!! I've watched dozens and dozens and dozens...most of these folks seem pretty cool. Couple I am less fond of. That Laura/Lolsy is lovely and somehow makes burps cute. I think that she is my favourite even without the cute burps and red hair, I think I'd like her best as an actual person. Keep it up Try Channel!
Lolsy is the best. So funny.
Well, you said you wanted to sweat. Was that reaper hot enough for you?
Bravo Jeff.
I fouked up
WTF happened to John's nose!!!!! :O
I have no idea why but the fact that the try channel throws the things at them is way more amusing to me than it should be
Vegans be warned. Awesomeness is about to ensue!
No matter where in the world you're from, real beef jerky is amazing.
Omg Niamh ??????
5:41 Was that a Game Grumps reference?! XD
Ice cream all round!!!
How about you guys make your own jerky.
Lolsy's burp was so haught
o my goodness i could not stop laughing thanks
Jesus what happened to John's face?? That looks seriously painful!
Can you fuck nuts bring Harker back?
One of the best vids yet! However, I just can't get to the ending because @ 6:03, she has me dying! I will try to make it there eventually.
I so laughed at their pain. I was crying from all my laughing.
THIS WAS YOUR BEST ONE YET !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Some people can only take a little heat, some can take a lot. For people who can only take a little, or a medium heat, the bad burn is in the mouth and throat. For people like me, who can take major heat levels, it isn't the pain in the thoat, or mouth, but the next day...
Looks like someone was in a bar fight the night before the shoot...
OMG I spt my dew on the screen when LOLSY belched HAHAHAHHAHAHA
"ALRIGHT JEFF!"
Is this true is this Shannan when she was a child? https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XUhip2cFGLM
Niamh has the cutest smile, every time I've seen her on facts/try, she puts a smile on my face. As old as I am, that's hard to do. Thank you
you guys should do irish people watch insatiable i would love to hear bláithín roast it
Irish people watch Khabib start a melee after UFC fight against Mcgregor. Also, react to the Irish fans getting knocked out left and right by Russian fans.
What happened to Johns nose
You're supposed to have a beer with the reaper and in smaller bites. Then finish it off with your favorite shot. I prefer the "Irish car bomb" with the spicy stuff.
A helpful hint for the Irish lads and lasses: a cup of hot black coffee works best to quell the heat after eating spicy food. No joke. I've never tried it with hot tea, sorry.
What happened to Johnny Bullshit? I thought those leatherjacketguy punches were fake?
Try the spicy ramen challenge or the hottest chip one! That would be so fun to watch!
I like your channel except the fucking bullshit anti gun ad in the beginning. Piss poor and stupid they should just stop it. !!! Nothing about that is real.for fucks sake.
Jon...You aren't suppose to catch the ball with your face!! You're too cute for that!
F a duck LOL!!!!! As an American who visited Ireland let's just say I miss Saint James gate. ROFLMAO
I’m so happy companies are recognizing you! I’m here for all the successful
Ahhh god, I love you people so much Between this, the Disgusting Shots, and the Krispy Kreme, you have made my week So Much Better. Thanks to you all, for sacrificing your digestive tracts to all of us out here in Internet Land!
That's the 1st time I've heard Lolsy swear...usually it's "holy guacamole" apparently Carolina Reaper brings out "F a duck." ..she's still the cutest!!
Includin yar ass.
Jamaican "beef jerky"? probably an alley cat.,don't eat anything from Jamaica.
Irish women.
Her burping is the cutest thing for some reason
They said it wasn’t spice enough so he gave them what they wanted Spivey enough
Lolsy, please call me up if you ever do the cow licking thing. Sounds gross but I'm curious nevertheless. Can't I start by putting hot sauce on my cat and then lick her. Never mind, I'm talking bollocks and I might be slightly pissed... if not fully drunk. Sláinte!
Ok , Which one of you punched Johnny Bullshit in the nose?.... He stole leather jacket Guys cabbage again didnt he
Does it make me a bad person that i enjoy their suffering so much? Now make Dermot eat 4 gallons of peanut butter.
What happened to your nose mate?
God I love Eadaoin!
So they give us just a tease of Kellie but she’s not part of the shot and no one mentions Sharpson’s busted face?
What? Not even one explanation about what happened to Mr Sharpsons nose?
That game grumps reference at 5:42
You want some spice and heat? Give the HOT ONES Challenge with Sean Evans a TRY!
I bought one called Ring of Fire a while back. I realized what ring would be on fire when it worked it's way out a day later.
@6:03 Impressive
Irish people catch fire.
Hahahahahaha Arin would be so proud of Colin's "I'm the spice boy, I'm the one who jerks" comments haha
OMG, I have a deep pain in my heart that John's cute and darling face is injured.
"My rectum is reacting!" lmfao!
Do the one chip
5:32 "Dracaris!" lol!!!
Sure now that can't be a good idea to stick two bits of that carolina reaper one in your mouth, that's asking for trouble!
that was a fun video to watch. It was all going fine until the last one. Then complete chaos.
MC Spicy Boy
Irish people try getting a tan.
5:42 did Colin just make a Game Grumps reference I-
His nose disgusts me.
My rectum is reacting ?????????? EPIC
My grandfather said "If your ass was not burning after you shit it was not hot enough of".
"When I think of you my anus will contract " Should be on a Tshirt ! Much love ?????
"Im the spicy boy, I'm the one who jerks"!!..????????
"Who's buying this ?!?' Probably people with wicked head colds & sinus problems.
surprised you went the carolina reaper route considering the last go round
Best episode!
They are going to erupt out their anuses with such force as to leave them more stretched out than a schoolboy in prison.
They're so cute when they're suffering. Poor Laura and John were turning weird colors though.
laughs in evil American
I love jerky and spicy things, but I tend to stop at anything past the Ghost Pepper.
I am the one who jerks.
lol my sphincter winced in sympathy.... The carolina reaper once tried to kill me as well!
You got Jeff's attention, nobody saw that coming. You brave slightly mental, lovely people.
Unfortunately guys, Carolina reaper burns twice........when you eat it, and I think you know the second burn. Good luck and God's speed! One bit of advice, if you use a handicap stall, those hand holds are excellent to hold on to when the Reaper exits!
Laura was pretty funny in this!
Was John saying it got stuck in his braces? If so I KNOW HOW YOU FEEL the braces not the Carolina reaper thing
It's cow "tipping" Lolsy. Not cow "lipping".
5:41 was that a Game Grumps "video game boy" reference?
“Dracarys!” Haha
Love that React videos can include company quality assurance.
If there's any time for a beer it's now.. with that delicious jerky
Laura is bae
John, lean further over when you're hurling, so that when the seat falls it hits you in the back of the head, not the face.
#contractedanus
Thanks Jeff!
Yep, Lolsy became Mel Giedroyc at 6:03. Definitely caught me by surprise, laughing my bollocks off!
Someone’s skin is getting better ??
Looks like someone got in a fight at a pub. I'm SMH Ireland....
Looks like John was at the McGregor fight
Does Shannon just not work here anymore?????????????????????????????????
John, you're the most precious human being who ever lived.
Wise words " put the sauce on the cow and lick it off" ??????
"I'd be happier if you put the marinade on a cow, and i could lick the cow. I wouldn't have to chew as much." ??????
I live in South Carolina. We literally grow them here. It’s named after death and you fools put it in your mouths! We live with the plant and only a few of us are foolish or crazy enough to eat it or anything it touches
Has someone sent them biltong yet?
Oh shit! John is there something u wanna tell us, does the Leather Jacket Guy beat u w/ the hammer again..lol
some one got a head stuck on em ????
Ok, someone out there must be producing Carolina Reaper flavored Surströmming for the try channel.
My rectum is reacting to it ??????????
Hey, at least nobody had to wear toxic containment gloves to handle the food this time!
I hope he won the fight. He looks like he ran into a brick wall.
What happened to B.S. Johnny's' face?
the nose
Good to see John still not talking about Fight Club. Good job John...
Laura's steak hoovering sound effects = 10/10
John ,dude are you ok? What happened? Good to see the Irish again, i love all the videos, especially the absinthe taste test ! I laugh my ass ogf every time I see it.
6:03 I used to have a motorbike that sounded like that when it was running out of fuel.
+The Try Channel okay, I'm giving up. I tried to mail alcohol; it's illegal. I tried to send other stuffs; I had to fill out 20 pages of government paperwork in triplicate. I give up! Seriously. Who can I make a check out to?
This one was so cool .
:D
I never knew until this moment that 'The TRY Channel' filmed all the participants together in the same room at the same time.At the 30 second point in the video, one group was talking to another group. I just assumed that they brought them in two at a time and then spliced the resulting film scenes together as they tested whatever they were going to test for that particular shoot. But if you look early in the video, one of the group of two is speaking off-camera to another group of two. That's interesting!
FUCK UH DUCK
There are people that eat things so spicy it hurts them just to prove they can do it.  If there are people that'll buy it, someone will sell it.
Try Peruvian food!!!
wth happened to John Sharpson?
I FORMALLY REQUEST A TRY CHANNEL/FIRST WE FEAST MASHUP TO TRY HOT SAUCES. You're welcome just send my check in the mail.
Mayyn, none of these punks are OG. John has let the Sharpson team down.
who the hell beat the hell out of my dude? or no means no bro
Well someone got headbutted
Don't fear the Reaper
I like the Reaper jerky, BUT that is because I've been eating spicy food for so many years that I have a tolerance built up. For people who don't have that tolerance, it can be pretty overwhelming. For me the reaper is one of the best tasting peppers I've had in years. I still find myself surprised at how good of a pepper it is when so many hybrids are bitter and terrible.
More Lolsy and Niamh! The chemistry!
Why does this channel only feature Irish men trying food? It's so misogynistic.
How funny my rectum is reacting to it lmao great quote
3:12 Jeff's Jerk Jerky Not as good as Kirk Berkley's Turkey Jerky from Corner Gas.
What happened to the mans nose?!?!
Ryan Cullen fistfights a monkey.
BURPS FIRE
Best way to get a girl to drop her skirt and get her anus to "do things"? Just give em some carolina reaper. Not Carolina Raper. Thats something TOTALLY different.
So, the jerky I eat is more like meat chips. Homemade stuff wrapped in paper. Once you try that you don't typically go back to bagged stuff.
Since i saw Tumbleton on a drunk vid, and i noticed she does have the legs and the booty...she is my favorite...
Yay! Spicy jerky is bae.
"now whenever I think of you my anus will contract" "Alright, Jeff!" LOL
Eadaoin: "It's not the kick we were looking for. I want to start having the sweats here." Me: (wincing) Ooooh! She's gonna regret saying that!
Bring on Satan's toe...they want hot, give it to them.
You guys have to try American chewing Tabasco or snuff!!!!????
Lol's to lolsy on the sweet Thai jerky
John's subtly and unintentionally cosplaying Hawke from Dragon Age II, lol
Gettin jerkey with it ??
Saw Blaithin in Primark tonight.....nice to then see this in my inbox & 'nice to know' about her bloody rectum & contracting anus! Was good vid ??
I love anything Carolina Reaper related... couldn't wait to see your guys' reactions. Everyone's asses were involved in some way with that jerky hahaha!
Glad somebody thought to have dairy on hand for the Carolina Reaper jerky.
"I'm the spicy boy, I'm the one who jerks" -Colin Love the Game Grumps reference lol
sfter the last one Lolsy's Hair and face matched!!!
Who busted up Sharpson's face?
Never in the history of forevers have I ever seen a White person not bust out with a horrible fake accent the nanosecond they read "Jamaica" #bigfacts
Looks like Leather Jacket Guy finally landed a punch on John. lol..or was the culprit Levi???
Did my man fight a khabib fan last weekend?
Tastes like burning. I like jerky on the tougher side.
Hottest curries next !!!
Love it , hope the guy with the stitches is ok love you guys . From ohio
what has happened to my darling Jon
The Spanish have an expression "Caca Fuego". That is what you can expect after eating Carolina Reaper jerky.
Just harvested a lot of Carolina Reapers yesterday. Good timing ??
Good job JEFF ????????
Wtf was she doing eating in the bath? Although I've literally drank alcohol in the shower before haha
All the best in this one Wit, pain, passion, and another belch take from Lolsyb
Lol..."no wonder dragons are so angry"
Laura- "Oh fuck a duck!" When the reaper bag came out ?????? you're becoming one of my favorites ??
I wish I knew their names but what's his face looks like he got in a bar fight (or would they call it a pub fight?) xD Hopefully it doesn't hurt too much
One of the best vids so far as the Try channel.
Praising!
He did ask for some really spicy jerky.
Irish men try make up, you guys should so do that video! Please.
There's something really charming about an Irish woman's burp, I must admit
Looks like Jon was talkin’ when he should’ve been listenin’...
I love you guys!!!
Try Biltong. South African Jerky, much better.
Thanks for another fine video - I rate it 2.5 million Scoville Heat Units!
WTF Happened to John?
wait, what happened to John?
“ I am the spicy boy, I’m the one who jerks”, did you just make a Game Grumps reference?
I want to try carolina reaper jerky...but they dont sell it here. That looked amazing...ly hot!
I'm a man, but I'd totally lose to Lolsy in a burp contest. Period.
Rectum? Damn near killed ‘em
It’s a miracle they didn’t burst into flames by eating the last one. I will forever love this channel. You guys are awesome.
I want to send you some stuff from Barbados. Tell me how.
Got to get me a Irish woman!
He watches game grump.
Thumbs are almost invisible with the speed i press the try channel videos, cunts catch with the Jamaican jerk deserves applause
They are saying John had a Hurling accident, I think that's a cover, Leather Jacket Guy gave him a thrashing. c'mon. come clean.
"hurling accident" ;)
The fuck happened to johns nose.
I can see why dragon's are so angry. Loved it.
Yoo wat happend to dudes face lol
You ate Carolina Reaper Jerky...on purpose? That stuff is chewable fire!
why did levi and leather beat up on johnny bullshit
I don't normally comment, but when i do, i can just say i love you.
Hi to everyone at the Try Channel, I've been a subscriber to your YouTube channel for about 6 months now. I really enjoy watching your videos. I have 2 chronic lower back pain conditions, Lumbar Spinal Stenosis and Degenerative Disc Disease and Osteoarthritis in both of my knees and in my hips. I can't sleep most nights because of my chronic pain so I binge watch your videos. Binge watching your videos helps me get through the sleepless nights and helps me forget about my pain. Thank you for making your videos, I really appreciate it.
My swearing vocabulary has greatly increased since watching the channel. You English speaking Europeans sure do know how to make some amazing swear combinations
"I'm the Spicy Boy! I'm The One Who Jerks!" Glad to see Colin is a Game Grumps fan!
Watching you kids suffer is SOOO entertaining, for some reason!
This was amazing!
This is my favorite video in a while. From Lolsy's burp at 6:00 to the end of the video, I couldn't breathe from laughing!
Looks like someone got khabib'd ????
Colin did ask for it. That hot spicy meat. He just shoved it in his mouth. It made him gasp for air. He then had white stuff on his tongue to take away the pain of the seed.
I was looking thru the comments as I had a hell of a time trying to view this video. You tube was saying I needed to sign in , video was private but I’d been on You Tube all afternoon without issue. Even rewatched Wednesday episode & viewed perfectly. My instructions stated to sign into goggle & put in a code. Disclaimer said if don’t feel comfortable having information used cancel which I did. I was able 10 minutes later able to sign in thru google with typical email & password. Very odd! Once I finally got to view the video, it was good for a laugh & get rid of frustration of trying to watch it. Enjoy your weekend!
Colin isn't old enough to know or remember Tetris!
The redheaded lass that had her tits almost falling out whilst eating pies can jerk my meat any day! I would fly out to Ireland to let her!!!!
My boyfriend is the one who eats the Carolina reaper. Jerky, Asian food, etc. The spicier the better for him. #FlammingButthole
Well he did ask for the heat. He got what he wanted.
Irish people watch John Mulaney?
"Now every time I think of you, my anus will contract" - Best Video Quote Winner
You should do "Irish people try american casseroles." Tater tot casserole, tuna casserole, tamale pie, chicken casserole, baked mac and cheese with ham casserole, etc
4:17 He suddenly got flashbacks of that one episode
Thank you thank you for the taste tests. This is why we are moving up in the subs!!!!  Nadia said John was in a hurling accident. Sorry not sure what that is. Is it where you move that heavy puck like thing on the ice ???? Thank you for answering
What’s that saying again? Be careful what you ask for, because you just might get it....
Her making the jerk off motion was everything! ??????????????
Bláithín at 5:58 is the most gif-able moment in the video. "Jeff, whenever I think of you my anus will contract." Cheers Bláithín!!! And everyone, so many sexual innuendos; even more than I expected!!! You make me so proud.??????
Looks like John was so excited for the jerky he put his face into a door...
Yay necklace girl!
ÉADAOIN did ya sweat? ??
Yay, Jeff! Treat 'em right! Red hot medium hot colored me confused, but y'all will be red in a minute.
Watch Demolition Ranch, Off The Ranch, and Zebra Corner.
Il give bandaid the sweats. By golly miss molly
I don't envy y'all one bit! ?? As always, great video, lads! ??
Polished off that entire tub of ice cream trying to cool my lil tongue down after that Carolina Reaper jerky ????
Put some cold jerky on yer schnoz
Johnny WTF happen to you lad?
I loooves me some jerkey!! Also, how bout my catch at 2:56 right?? ????
Notice that nobody who made the “Irish people eat the worlds hottest wings” for Facts made a return for this. Seeing Nicole O’Connor’s face go all red was pretty awful.
Colin ?? "I'm the spicy boy" I'm the one who jerks " And I put the whole thing in my mouth". I'm dead I'm laughing so hard?????? Poor John I could see the fear in your eyes at the reaper.????
6:12 ??????????????
I think the girls took the heat better than the guys
Now i want to try the spicy jerk
What happen to Johns face? Geezus Dude
Carolina Reaper is only bad if you wanna eat it raw,it's perfect in curry
Carolina Reaper Jerky?? Oh hell yeah, that sounds good. Except when you have braces, tongue piercings or any other type of open wounds. lol
I gotta try that. I hope Jeff sells on Amazon.
the black packaging means you guys are officially Jeff’s guinea pigs! ??
OMG, John, what happened to that gorgeous face of yours?????
Irish people watch power
Why was this pirvate?
Nodines jerky is awesome
I wonder if you'd be okay if you ate a Carolina reaper piece of jerky, immediately followed by a Krispy Kreme donut? Maybe try that? Or don't, because F the reaper.
"Previously on Try" please do more of this, it's hilarious!
Please stop subjecting these nice Irish people to our worst stuff and give them the good things from around the US.
Was that a game grumps reference?? “I’m the spicy boy I’m the one who jerks” lmfao
John's poor face was from hurling, but Laura's face took the spicy hit on today's vid I think.
Put a link guys! I will happily pay for like four of those bags
And here I was thinking America had nothing left to offer.... Spicy Jerky will save us.
Niamh ?????
I'm going to have to send some of our West Michigan jerky... Many flavors and types of animals
Love watching you guys try some hot things, but you really need to try some of our hot sauces and then we'll see..
Finally unset private mode. Yay! Blaithin was a bit over the top today, wow! I like it.
Sounds like Niamh said “UDDER flavors”! Ha, ha! Beef! Udders! (I know what you’re thinking: “How ‘dairy’ make bad puns!”)
John! What the hell man?
Is there a link where I can get some of this jerky?
Eaodin is awesome.
I’d hate to see what the other guy looks like! Jk jk hope it heals up quickly darlin!
Éadaoin got what the FUCK she asked for. xD
What happened to Johns nose?
Johnny B.S what happened, who did this to you, Éadaoin?!
You're really pumping the vids out lads, loving it
I would have bet the rent money that Bláithín would have cracked the first meat/jerk joke but alas I was proven wrong!
Do you expect to just sit here and pretend there’s nothing wrong with John’s face?
Irish People watch Classic Doctor Who (1963-1989, 1996)!
Awh poor John with his hurling accident, so glad you're all healed up now! ?????? you poor people being forced to eat more Carolina reaper products! ?? On another note, for those of you interested there's an official fan group on fb where you can interact with other fans and the TRY crew themselves! As well as being kept up to date on any new announcements and fan meet ups when the TRYers visit your location! Just look up "the official TRY channel fans," read the rules,  answer the questions and you'll be approved! ??
Ask for the spice... get the spice!!! #JeffOurHero
"I'm the Spicy Boy. I'm the one who jerks." Spot the Game Grumps fan. https://youtu.be/UkVMNRm7LGA
Nothing Is Hotter Than Johnathon's Mother!!??
Top video, guys. What happened to John??
Do the Paqui one Chip challenge if you haven't already.
john kid, you ok? but seriously though, its not cool for someone to look that hot even with a stitch on their nose, seriously you not human >.> love ya
wtf happened to yer face man? Hope ya heal up soon.
? Private
You ok, John?
Damm what happen to Jonny bullshit? His face is looking rough
Irish People React to Community!
Why is this video private???
It's always time to jerk off!