Harley is a damn national treasure!!
Big doinks KIDDDD
Maybe the pain was so overwhelming that someone was rushed to a hospital so maybe they didn't think of money and recording their shame
You should have topped the burger with Carolina reaper cheddar.
You guys are nuts
Sorce
That slap ya moma the best seasoning out I swear I could put that in anything
Bro that bleach quote !!! Doppeee
But. Does ramsay approve??
Anyone else notice they used American instead of PEPPER jack cheese
Next time, we eat napalm and a match made out of bacon!
I can handle so much spice with my mouth but my butt hole, oh hell no
"I came from the dark realm to hadle the spice" little further we seen all of them fucked up. Nice training! Id get back to the one who trained you
That bird at the till didnt give 2 shits about what you was doing lmao
Make it as hot as you want and I’m fine... but please stop using extract... it has no taste, no flavor (other than just metallic tasting), and adds nothing but heat. Rather than doing that, why not just add more jalapeño, more Habanero Peppers, more Ghost Chili, more Carolina Reaper, more Pepper X, and more of any kind to increase the heat AND keep the flavor. You can make it unbearably spicy while actually tasting good and not metallic-like, it is possible. And if you’re lazy, just go to a specialty shop with hot sauce and get some pre-made purées, sauces, marinades, etc. Just make sure the ingredients list things like “Carolina reapers” and NOT “extract of some chemical” Why would anyone want to take the flavor out of the heat source? The idea is for it to be spicy enough that you might not want to take another bite, but tastes so great that you can’t help but go in for more even though your tongue is burning ????
There toilet is gonna be on fire
guy in camo i so want your pink sperm lol god i love him he's my spirit animal
Despite the heat the burger looks so delicious
Drooooooooooooooooooooool!!! ????
You show the head captain’s bankai,because of that i subscribe to you
3:48 don't scare us like that
Wait he watches/watched Bleach?
Lmfao instead of putting sesame seeds like a BITCH I'm dead
Was your culinary qwetht worth it 7 million thscoville
My memes are more spicy
Smokin big doinks out here
They've switched to a new unit of measurement.
I like how we made a Zelda reference that's funny because that game is such a piece of f**** s*** that it's funny
are you from greec?
Carolina reaper + Dragon's breath
that bleach reference tho, subed right away.
Bleach reference? Spicy food? Subbed.
Muscles glasses
I subscribed because of the bleach reference ??
Brahhhhh, this looks soo good i fucking love spice and this makes my mouth hole water ??
Yama is 15mil
Should have used hot pepper/ ghost pepper cheese
That’s the principal out of video game high school
Boy ive been training for this SH(quack) my whole life! That had me dying!
The spiciest ekstrack is 13 m schovil
This channel is dead
Lmfao that Bleach reference
plain greek yoghurt is best for the burn and safe to shove into any and all orifices if needed lol
U guyZ R an Sum Feggits
Stay with the duck-quack guys! Works better than the real thing! :O)
Just fuckin eat it and shut up
Hes gonna regret being born cause of this xD
You wear the gloves yet you shove it in your furry hole face
Watching someone eat spicy food is kinda pointless without an aftermath video.
Ain't no Big Mac if it ain't from McD... Jus' sayin'.
bleach... goddamn normies. make a burger hotter then Seikon no qwaser. ( ?° ?? ?°)
It’ll take your fuckin life!
That shit looks dryer than Oprah Whinfrey.
toilets were hurt in the making of this video
DUDE!!! YOU GUYS COULD DIE!!!!
?????????? You absolutely nailed that Legend of Zelda reference!! The Hero of Time doesn't have enough Heart(s) to slay one of these Big Macs! ??
Should've used this cheese with it: http://www.vepocheese.com/en/products/cheese/cheese-with-sambal/11
B*tch boys ... wtf? How was it ?.... I jus saw that dude talking shit and running to the ice cream ... b*tch move dude ... show us when you guys cry ...
OMG Bleach reference foryou normies!!! wowowowowowow thats awesome well done
Iets 300000 scoville because iets mixed without tuingereedschap
Awsome video guys
But didnt use spicy cheese
Welp,Good luck for the toilet
Kiss me on the lips. Alrighty
Good effort ???? but the nuff would have finished that burger and had a 5min after burn with no relief ????
Make the cheese spicy.
That bleach reference hit my harder then chris brown hit rhianna I was so shook
Oh the dragon shits that come after burns just as badly coming out haha
Spicy cheese?
Big OL DOINKS
When I want a hot burger I just mix my ghost pepper powder and my scorpion pepper powder into the meat. It looks normal but is anything but normal. I have had friends raid my fridge not knowing what I had done. They instantly regretted not asking permission. Lol.
Spiceaayyy
Yessssssss!!! When you make the spicy stuff, I'll give it a try. Scotch Bonnet is usually as hot as I go but I'm in for anything. Spicy Mac N Cheese on a Quarter Pounder followed by airsoft is my diet.
2 month late happy birthday Harley
Why do you guys not use pepper jack cheese instead of that crappy craft which isn't spicy at all
What about the cheese does that have pepper in it
Love all the anime and video game references Harley makes. That's why I stay, not for the food but for the people.
I love it how he took a bit out of the pepper and the other guy like nope put it back lol
Yamamoto would eat that without sweat. But still feel sorry for you guys in the next John meeting. ??
how on earth do so many people subscribe to this chanel?
The fact that you watch Bleach is awesome
Thats' the first time I've seen them make regular sized meals.
“Fuck your self, eh? I’m soary.” We love Canadians.
I understand the point of this, but really couldn’t you have just done up the patty itself and still had the same effect on your mouth without making every inch of the thing insanely spicy?
wtf is this weak ass crew he is with now??
Cheese was normal. You could have used pepperjack. lol hats off to you for still being alive after that.
lololol
Cheese wasn’t spicy tho
man up dont cry like a bitchez
love that reference from bleach though it's genryusai shigekuni yamamoto.
That guy has lost quite a bit of weight and his English is sharper. Very nice.
7m scoville ain't shit! A ghost carries 850,000 scoville points over 1 mill ( Shu ) MAKE SOMETHING ACTUALLY HOT YOU PUSSY'S!
its Satans vomit kid you not bro
where the hell is Sean Evans in this production? lol
Another hot sauce video great, now we have 2000&1 to choose from and the climax a burning mouth
Really sucks this channel is pretty much dead??
Hey this is my first time seeing ur video wht is y'all thinking that is a lots of spicy good luck y'all insides r going to be on ??. Mo power to u.
Proud of my boi harley pulling that bleach refrence
Should a used habenaro jack cheese
Kiss me on the lips... alrighty lmao!!
I really wish I knew what that piano instrumental was at 1:50
Should've gotten pepper jack cheese
these burgers do not look good
Going to drop a like for that bleach reference.
The cheese wasn't spicy... guess you're gonna have to redo it.
What an analogy. Zelda - A Link to the Past. I just fell in love.
2:36 You guys uploaded this the day after my birthday!
Hope to see you hot gamer coz i wanna extract native smalliest chilli's in the world whos the wanna eat eat them first 90 native wanted to serve and we eat both
Lmao wash your mouth with dish washing detergent
God damn Harley you are the s**my ninja brought up leader of the 13 Court guards happy birthday bro you're the s**
A yo shout out to Dat project Prometheus!!!??....F%@$ dat nigga Krammer
Did he squirt dishwashing soap into his mouth?
Need the old crew back
Looks chunky dude...could have added balonyvin there
What happened to the bearded idiot?
Eating too much GAY BACON! MAKING YOU GIRLS KISS NOW!! Go back to manly food bros!
was the cheese spicy?
Epic Waste of my time.
No pepper jack cheese, I’m disappointed
Wow that is going to be one hot ** after that
What happened to the women, the pizzazz, the excitement?
RIP OLD YAMA
No peperjack cheese
Bearded twats
Harley caught me off guard with the Bleach reference
Aizen & Ywach disliked
Fake
This channel is dead face it.
Holy shit a Bleach reference. Sick!
Why ain't y'all use Pepper Jack Cheese instead of wEAk cheddAR???
To mix the death liquid better, make the mayo from scratch. Put eggs in a blender [you have to make it proportional, so it depends on how much you want]. Put a tiny drop of liquid death in there, per egg. Then close, open that little hole most blenders have at the top, and run the blender while /slowly/ adding oil. I recommend a flavorless oil. Add salt and pepper when it's done. If you're not sure, check out Gordon Ramsay's video on mayo. It's about as perfect as it gets. Best part of doing it this way is that the result should be more stable. Also, for big mac sauce, you shouldn't just make spicy mayo. Mix 3 parts mayo to 2 parts ketchup [make one of these a spicy variant for your goal], and also add onions, relish, white vinegar. Blend all that. That's the closest I imagine you'll get. Mac sauce is basically adulterated fry sauce. To replace the lettuce, maybe consider spicy kimchi. You can make that yourself, replacing the pepper ingredient with something like a ghost pepper flake. I bet you can get spicy pickles, too.
Knock off harley. Lame as shit
I liked this for the Bleach reference alone ??
More pepper doesn't make ensure more heat..the body goes in shock...cannot register. It's no good...it is just pain
Y you no use pepperjack? Amateur hour over here
Left a like just for the bleach reference ??????????
These hot sauce vids are really great
A drippin that devil saaaauuuuuceee
These dudes suck. I miss the old epic meal time
Yo.... He just used like..Almost a "1/4" of that Source extract...
You didn't even show the real result, real spice doesn't kick in until about 5 - 10 minutes after.
7:00 video actually happens ;)
Looks uglier with less hair
Where's muscles glasses ?
Dude.. 6:12.. How can you NOT put Monterey Jack Cheese with Ghost Peppers and Habaneros?
Yall trippin
how much food did you make and how much food did you eat? you guys suck, nothing personal. all you do is clickbait, clickbait clickbait. waste food waste food and puss out every show? Finish a challenge, any challenge. Stop being clickbait big mouth no show.
How's your asshole buddy
... The cheese wasn't spicy ...
why no spicy cheese?
Love your Prometheus shirt! Entertaining video also!
That bleach reference made me nostalgic :')
Gay alert
That is not 7.1m scoville 0.0, look at the concentration of the sauce vs the patty, it might be 5 m maybe..., but definitely not 7.1m. OR maybe you can actually do 7.1m scoville ;D by just tasting the sauce.
unbearable and fake ass bitches lmao
Bleach Reference is amazing
a Burger to vaporize even Ryujin Jakka itself
you guys are insane
Sean Evans doesn't listen, but maybe you will. Do. not. throw. up. after eating spicy food...unless you like the feeling of being pepper-sprayed from behind your eyes, and there's no mitigation for that. You guys appear to believe that tired old myth about your butts burning after eating spicy food then defecating. If that was reality, it means that your entire gastrointestinal system has failed. The heat in your stomach is perception, not reality, as your stomach actually has no sensory receptors. Apparently something sweet will mitigate the heat.(Ha. See what I did there. Still, it's true.) Finally, the perceived heat does not compound. No matter how much of the 7.1 million Scoville sauce you add, it stays at 7.1 million.
Cooking on a propane grill....? Fail.
Who else could smell the spice through the screen?
Only liked the vid for the bleach reference Wish they showed a lot more! Bring back the old crew
BANKAI!!!
I'm VERY disappointed you used pussy cheese instead of pepperjack
Man I miss the bacon N beer battered entree’s EMT !!!
Uh does dexter Morgan your double
HAVE THE LA BEAST ON YOUR SHOW AND GIVE HIM SPICEY SHIT!!
Bitch is sexist, you should use the gender neutral term Th-itch :P
You guys really need to extend these episodes. Especially your pot brownie one. The BEST part is watching you all after the fact.
Hahaha bleach
Anyone need me
Haven’t watched this but liking anyways this looks good
you know you're canadian when mans goes to sobeys (you know when youre from toronto when you say mans)
wtf that video ended abruptly. EMT isn't the same these days
this is bankai big mac
HOW ARE YOU NOT GOING TO USE PEPPER JACK CHEESE
Brilliant idea to replace the sesame seeds with jally seeds!
That bankai reference you sir are a legend
Had to like once you mentioned Captian Yamamoto
The cheese wasn't spicy.
Was it testrd by the science people to be proven 7m?
Ahhh... the bleach reference
You guys rock!
why aren't the aftermath reactions longer?
That shit was spicy as fuck ??????
They should've used pepper jack cheese... lol
And then they croaked, end of story
You used regular cheese instead of pepper jack? What happened to replacing every ingredient to make it spicy?
Maybe your quest shouldn't involve cashing in on the spicy food trend. How fucked is it that Harley appears on Hot Ones and now you guys are making spicy food videos with clickbait scoville titles. You guys know the scoville scale is bullshit right? Your channel has completely disintegrated, what a shame.
The cheese wasn't spicy
PepperjackMAC
Damn hotter than a bankai that burns his enemies and can bring them back to life as zombies? Damn that’s hot
"Someone's going to the hospital today." Likes video.
"It's hot eh" "I'm sorry man" True Canadian speech right there.
Why is this 99% build up?? PEOPLE WANNA SEE THE HURT
Boo ducks go sharks
y'all forgot the pepper Jack cheese??
RIP
So this is why i stopped watching this channel...
Bleach and Yu Gi Oh reference they already in 2020
the yamamoto captain of the 13 gote got me undescribable... and the shadow realm?
disappointing overhyped misleading waste of time.
Looks good
How is this Epic Meal Time? The video quality is shit and they went straight extract. "Look at me! I'm going to make something spicy by adding pure spicy to a crappy recipe" What happened? Where did the love go?
Must be in Canada, u can tell that cause there ain't no WHITE People.. ultimate fail Canada...
Yea for sure show the aftermath!!! Wtf no one wants to see a 9 min clip of making a fucking burger
agree with @ LoL Coffeemelt , I watch alot of pepperhead videos and really the most important parts of the actual eating the heat, describing the taste, experiencing the heat, possibly giving into the milk or champing it out with some sharp rapid breathing, theres none of that here in this video. So essentially people are just skipping every 30 seconds just to get to 15 seconds of actual entertainment only to be cut off from the substance of all your hard work gentlemen.
whats to say they didnt make a burger without all that spice and just ate that one on camera i highly doubt they ate the actual burger they made in the video
he should replace the cheddar cheese with spicy montary jack
Did you just Yamamoto?!
You lost me at the weeaboo stuff
You’re ass’s ain’t ever forgiving you guys
pepper jack cheese cmon
Where's muscles?
Yo these jokes are shit.
Next time buy milk lolly's first lol and make the buns thinner so can eat faster????????
Pffff ha ha watched bleach all eps. 2 times,. So Freaking Awesome,. Just like Epic????
He hears better now lol
R.I.P Butthole
What a bunch of losers!!!
Harley is a fucken beast DID YOU SEE THE EPIC BITES COMPARED TO EVERYONE ELSE ??
It's not that hot
The whole purpose of a video about eating spicy foods is to show the aftermath ??
Don't fuck with the source. Procedes to fuck with the source.
Epic!
Really surprised this has 7mil subs most of which must have come from the original crew. This sucks balls.
Its not a big mac unless you get it from fucking mcdonalds.WTF
Bleach reference ftw
Did you really kiss? Grizzly much?
Make 7 mil Scoville lube
sick bleach reference
next try caroline ripper
I mean hell, I'd eat it... Sounds pretty good actually.
I want to kill myself LOL
He forgot the pepper jack cheese
You do cut up stuff micky d’s just a few things
OR A-HOLES!!!1
BEARDS HAVE MORE E-COLI FROM EATING YOUR PUSSIES!
BEARDS DON'T MAKE YOU TUFF YOU PUSSIES!
SO GAY!
Dead channel
I want to eat it so bad
Give the rest of the food to the poor pls
Didn't even have spicy cheese, smh gtfo epic meal, fake spicers
Can't believe this shitty diaper still exist
The Sauce Boss can spit Bleach, but can he drink it?
im sad you didnt use spicy cheese. pepper jack at least
I didn't get any references because my laptop is broken has no sound and I haven't seen bleach yet
I’m trying to watch this lame fucking video but I can’t lmao
Lol thought these guys were a thing of the past
bites pepper is it hot enough? No put it back. ??????
Those buns look awful
Korea difficult
"let's take one of the best burgers ever and ruin it!" Good job guys!
Why do you guys end the videos 30 seconds after you eat the spicy food???? We're here for the aftermath, not to watch you guys chop up peppers!!!!!!
SG YAMAMOTO FOREVER!!!!!! RYUJINJAKA
Harley is on a Coke ????
I want this burger
Wait till you get use to the heat and really enjoy the taste
Everyone mentioning bleach reference, what about young king dave smoking some big doinks in amish heaven?
That actually looked good
lol it doesn't get hotter than 7.1 mil
Horrible Lisps
Pink sparm thats not normal
big doinks all day out in amish
Dont play with peppers then pick your nose
No chilli cheese? Let down
These guys are fuggin corny
Could have done some ghost pepper cheese or something
I’m disappointed they didn’t use pepper jack cheese
RIP Yamamoto :(
Hahaha pink sperm! You guys are awesome! ,????????????????????
Just over reacting
Nice job , now you know the feeling of a volcano when shot out of under the earth ??
Does making everything hot give you more views? Do some neeewwww stuffff already
Cameraman is getting all old and shaky or is it someone's girlfriend or mom
That bleach reference only the real recognize
Welcome to the Shadow Realm.
I love how this channel has stuck to its roots after all these years, but has upgraded its culinary game to people who can appreciate how to cook. Not suggesting you actually make these items, but is is great seeing as in relative to their early videos, these are close in proximity to actual proportions. It gives creative cooks a fun way to try cooking, but at a more normal level. People who love to cook, I'm sure you know what I'm trying to say here. Love your never more "sophisticated" menus lol. ?? BUT,we needed way more after shots in this video after all that buildup. Other that, great video.
.........The Cheese Wasn't Spicy
Videos that end too soon ?
That other dude with a bear Is a wannabe Harvey
This channel is still going?!
Pussy where is the pepper jack cheese
Looks like over cooked shit to me. Fuck me ... You can't even cook a burger?
Dyed beards looks so fucking weird
Why is the camera all overt the place? Jiggle, wiggle...christ. Horrible to watch. Watch your content back guys!
This whole spicy shit content is boring AF already. Just let the cow die.....
No pepper jack cheese/habanero jack........
just put a blow torch in your mouth and press the switch
for a Mexican this is nothing b*itch ??
THE AFTERMATH FOOLS.......
Beardo is homo 100
No bacon
Welcomee backkk
im so glad yall threw a bleach reference in here
Not a big mac... Wake up light up bang love Sosa go back to the astral realm
McWarning
You guys even infused the buns themselves with that stuff, way to take it to the extreme. From someone who loves spicy food, you guys are awesome.
So yall gonna act like bro eye dont look like he got hit with a sack of nickles.
Who r these guys what happened to epic meal time people
The cheese should have been a cheddar with habanero!
Cringe intro....
Thats not roosh v is it?
Extracts are CGI where real are Real. Gone With the Wind or Avatar. Both have merits, but real Spicelords know what is best.
...can you even consider this to be a big mac when you change everything? Like the bun is a good idea, the meat is fine as well, spicy cheese? Yes sir. Spicy mac sauce? If you want this editable probably not but for the video, sure. But thats it, keep the lettuce. Onions, and pickles. Maybe infuse spice into them but you gotta keep them in
Show finish burger or it did'nt happen!
I'm pretty sure there all stoners ..... dab it
I like that Bleach reference??????
Is it spicy enough No put it back
You know the worst part is that Americans use wipes to clean their butthole I once ate the spiciest pepper soup, and spent literally the whole day sitting on the water fountain splash thing that cleans the butthole whatever its name is
spot the hijab man canada is pathetic
My sperm was pink for 2 days LUL xD
Forgot to use habanero cheese
Well did he fucking die
that hot sauce is $150 wtf
you have not made the cheese hot. fail.
That bleach name drop though
I've had the source. It's hard to describe how hot it is in words. It made my whole face numb for hours.
Yo, we need more Bleach man
Use cooking oil to wash your hands of the pepper oil then wash the cooking oil/pepper oil off your hands with dawn
Why does dude have black eye? Lol
stop calling burgers you make yourself "big macs" you're not fucking mcds.
dude I fucking hate how hard that piece of shit w the lisp tries to be funny! bro not only are you not fucking funny but your voice is fucking annoying!, I was so glad to see u w a black eye TBFH
????????????????
Forgot these guys were still going
Spiciest Big Mac ????
I just noticed they didn't use peper jack cheese, but they have that pussy cheese
Tell spicy so much
The reaction needs to be longer
Oh EMT how how I miss you these new vids are just.....a lot blander then the OG ones. The passion isn't the same...hard to watch. get these bland ass millennials off and bring back the crew!!
The whole video is them prepping to eat the burgers. As soon as they take a bite the video ends? What gives?
What you used cheddar cheese i thought everything was spicy you should have used a good pepper jack.
I love your new videos more I just miss muscles glasses
They gonna have jet pack asses
Had to pause the video at the Bleach shout out I never expected from you guys. God damn. Could you get any better? (Also happy birthday. Hope you had fun on the toilet.)
Why does everyone in this video have a major lisp?
Krammer is a racist
that bleach reference tho
My mouth and throat hurts just by watching this video; that Big Mac is 7 times spicier than a ghost pepper!
what big mac. has cheese. i dont think ive ever had cheese on one
LA beast would just eat this like it's nothing
how many times are you going to make the same video? once something gets that hot, the reaction is always the same, and you've done what, like 50 of these now? Jesus H Christ, move on guys.
can someone tell me whats up with amirs eye?
All I have to say is WHY ??
???????????????
Thumbs down.. I can see that none of the burgers were completed.
So how's genryusai doin?? You meet him right??
nah this is nothing for mexican
overfed mofo ??
Who is this knockoff Harley?
These Guys shldve dental dams b4 eating this
7:41 how come the buns went from looking homemade to perfectly round. im guess they didnt show a reaction because it was faked
I'm with LoL coffeemate. Where's the aftermath takes man!!
Fake and gay
where the fucking pepper jack cheese?
Is that makeup in Ameers beard? ( ?° ?? ?°)
Just a drop will do.
AMIR IS FARLESS SERIOUS SINCE HE MET HIS WOMAN...COOL AMIR!!!
NO HE DID NOT SENRYUS BONKIA AS A REFFERANCE!!!
You guys don't over do it. You fucking MUTUALLY ASSURED DESTRUCTION DO IT!
I wonder how many ulcers you guys got
Anime reference tho
The worst part is when you have to take a shit the next day ??????
You didnt execute the mustard and ketchup cool down method properly. Call Jim Carrey and Jeff Daniels for details
how did you not use pepper jack?
Plutonium number 9 Burger. Do it like a man
Captain of squad 1 but ok
Best reference @ 2:50 ?? #BleachLove
Why not habanero pepper jack cheese?
What camera do you guys use?
Shout outs to the Gotei 13!! Love it!
That Bearded man snapping?????
didn't make the cheese pepperjack. you missed a spice opportunity
You sexy beasts...Keep burnin"
Is nobody picking up the fact that 7 million scoville units is a lie? It's fake hot sauce, google it. Click bait cunts.
You messed up, you supposed to put Jack Pepper Cheese
I miss the old crew. ??
I came across the source around 7 years ago. Bought a bottle of it and still have some left
Harley hates his stomach.
Holy shit that random ass bleach reference lmao. Right back to 2008
make a video with mike tyson ahaha
Hot water works the BEST
Harley is still hilarious...even with zero views. Maybe the lack of views is due to ligma??
275k views in 3 days with over 7 million subs.....Holy shit, what happened???
Dia org ni nak mati ke?
try to hard to be funny
Wait Harley watches bleach?!?! Is it possible to subscribe 5 more times?
you could've atleast melted the cheese
N e x t l e v e l W E E B s h i t
It's a burger. Not a big Mac
The aftermath is that they shit demons
Skip The Bullshit 7:00
Is this the guy from VGHS? Lol
Ohhhh boy “kiss me on the lips” aaaaaaalrighty
where's the real epic mealtime guy?
So you guys decided on the crackhead cameraman look to the video at the start? get a fucking stabilizer idiots
Anyone notice the guys black eye
Can someone fucking please help bring me back
Tell the guy with the lisp you don't need to be fucking talking I cannot watch all the videos anymore because of that guy he's like 30 get fucking speech therapy. Thpithy big Mac millionth sthcovillthhhhhhhhsssshhhsss.
bullshit...fake on montage...damn..u're a damn
i wnt to eat that XD
WHERE IS THE BACON?
Jesus wept this channel has gone to shit. Not a single atom of comedic value.
This guy be talking to some much lol
harley should be an amazing commentator for esports or regular sports :D
I miss muscles glasses
pongan subtitulos en español
Overreacting??
Video starts at 0:00
Video starts at 0:00
"Every component of the burger is spicy " except for the bitch cheese you used...even pepper jack would have entered the slightest realm of spicy.
Liked for the bleach reference XD
I swear they did this before
Best Epic Meal Time Ever
Yamamoto Genryuusai will be proud of your big mac...
Amir got punched in the face? hahaha
Ok, so who forgot to wash their hands before going to the bathroom?
Remember when epic meal time was good?
Jesus....
Any new comers to this channel have noooo clue how good it used to be. Pounding beverages w muscle glasses and making family get together sized food. Miss the old school material. They’ve done very well though. Not knocking Harley. I’d be stupid not to trade my job for his.
The real question is, do you build up a tolerance when eating normal, spicy food, due to all the extremely spicy things you crazy MFs have consumed over the years?
U pussies didn't finish them
LIKED FOR BLEACH REFERENCE!
Good luck when it comes out
Brian ambs challenge
Happy birthday Harley!
What you know about bleach doe
the best beverage to control spiceness is Ades light Apple flavor
Fuckin casuals
I thought the meat would explode in the barbecue cause of the spices??????????
3:53 WTF where are the real men these days! We all know Harvey sold out and now likes it in the ass! I always knew Harvey was a faggot!
The intro was cringy as fuck, but the rest was alright.
Muscles Glasses must return
There still making money from these rehashed vids... clever basterds
I want that Kramer/eraserhead shirt
Who the hell are these guys? What happened to the original guys?
FAKE
Ass more wrecked than a gay porn star in a prison shower
BLEACH GANG WHOLE LOTTA BANKAI SHIT????????
more of eating it you bitches
I didn’t see spicy cheese!!
At this level of heat, I don't know if it's make a difference, but when you have something spicy and you're mouth's burning, it feels a lot better if you breathe in through your mouth and breathe out through your nose. Rather than just breathing through your mouth.
The bleach reference though
F**k i Miss sobeys !
The bleach REF was sick. Nice
Who’s the noob
Hey where can i get a superman batman mario shirt?
They missed the perfect opportunity to use pepper jack cheese
Knowing that Harley watches Bleach makes me happy.
You should to sign some documents , before to eating this BURGER LOL !
should have used spicy cheese too ;)
Those buns looked undercooked
BLEACH!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
This channel isn’t funny anymore without Harley it’s just really awkward to watch with a guy who probably isn’t allowed around kids .
Should've used paper jack cheese
Bleach reference my day is made thank you for the first squad OG captian reference ????????????????
WTFFF making a Bleach reference?! God damn it I’m subscribing.
Get Mad Dog 357 Plutonium or pure capsaicin IMO. The Source is hot but it's not on the level, also shout out to Smokin' Ed Curry! Find yourself some fresh Reaper Peppers for onions... scotch bonnets are soft. That being said I do enjoy your spicy vids! *like
But you didn't finish it what a waste
Wow..... he is really phoning it in nowadays. Cant even be arsed to go shopping
Now you have to redo the whole video because you didn’t use pepper jack cheese
BAN KAAAAAAAAAAAIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIII
harvey, you should be the next actor in cinema from 2020 to 2030, replacing dwayne johnson
The genryu comment made me more of a fan forever. Y'all aren't just jocks. You are my brothers.
cuts hot pepper for hottest burger but takes out the seeds, which is the heat...
B I G D O I N K S I N A M I S H
The cheese was changed also? Jajajajajajajajajajajaja
Lemon juice stops the burn of chilli
What??? Wait no no no no no... EVERYTHING IS WRONG THIS VIDEO IS WRONG! Where the bacon strips at?
Does amire(misspelled) have a black eye?
For the love of god guys please use gloves when you’re handling this kind of heat ????
It's all about those "pain points."
Wow) The murderous burger)
It was funny few years ago. Now its just patethic.
happy bday
Y’all running out of ideas
Shoutout to Harvey for the bleach reference
You could of used kimchi for a lettuce substitute
the guy with the lisp is so annoying and not funny. he thinks hes funny but he made this show boring . no wonder u guys are losing viewers and subscribers . boot the lisp boy
This account is dead months ago... for a account that has 7m subscriber, hundred thousand views indicates that this account is dead.
Yall werent supposed to put lines of it in though. You did it for the meat mix and the sauce. Probably used a quarter bottle and now its rest in peace to your rectum.
My anus hurts just by watching you eating these monsters big mac
See why didnt u get any Mexicans or indians to tell you this was a bad idea
This spartan vlog really suprise me . . Nc internet
It's EXTREMELY weird to see Harley now that I have fully watched Video Game High School. Calhoun rules!
Bleach reference lol, i love that show
Matt Stonie fucked yall hahahahaha I mean hahhahahaha
The bleach reference made my fucking night
I paused the video when bleach was mentioned just so I called comment bleach is AWESOME
guys what the background music at 1:42
what is the backround music at the ending?
honestly he should set something up with vice
Happy birthday Harley.
Im sorry bros, but you must need a mexican guy to try to test spicy food, werever you cook
You guys should get the cast of Letterkenny on the show now that it’s getting more popular.
"spicy big mac" gets more clicks than "spicy hamburger". u not fooling anyone lol
Guys it's time to just die with honor. It's hard seeing you guys scrape by with roughly only half a million views in average now. Just do the right thing and nobably retire.
Bleach
Love the bleach reference
Those aren’t Big Macs. You used real meat!
I hate the new guys, bring back muscles. This feels so fake.
Show used to be much better.
Matt stonie try talk shit, and he failed. What a gimp
Forget about what that does to your mouth then asshole. What the fuck does that do to your internals. And blowing loads?! Talk about hot burning love.
such a waste of food for literally nothing
Yo y the fuxk u didn't show the burn action that's the best park where they are in pain and suffering??????
Why isn't the cheese spicy? Could've gotten habanero pepper cheddar
this shit is not epic anymore
Gay
Scoville levels don't add you idiots!
I noticed some sauce got into the beards. That's gonna be interesting.
Since the video first began, I couldn't stop laughing
who the fuck are these dudes?
This channel is f***ing dead
Should have used pepper jack cheese...
WTF it's not even the real guys, wtf is this hustle s*it?
"(7 million scoville)" you used like such a little dip of it for all 4 big burgers and act like its super crazy. PUSSYS
fuckin rights
Prince Atari with a beard for the win!
No spicy cheese tho
The grocery store they went to looks like Sobeys @ Main/Danforth in Toronto
What the hell? You guys are still making shitty videos? I thought you all died after ur heads got huge and exploded because of that terrible TV show that only ur moms watched. I’m going to watch til the end and I won’t be surprised if it sucks
a little bit triggered that they say that the actual burger is over 7 million scoville, cause scoville unites represent the concetration of capsaicin in somthing, meaning that if you mix it with somthing else, it drops. so the burger itself is probably much lower than 7 mill
Fuck yeah bro Love the Bleach reference!!!
I JUST TOOK A TINIEST BITCH BITE IT FUCKKKKKKKKKK FUCKING FUCKS UR TONGUE LIKE A LITTLE MANS MAN BITCHES. (Spits it at camera) U HAVE NO CHANCEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE. Jokes.
Weres the last dab ??
I LOVE THE BLEACH REFERENCE
you forgot the pepperjack cheese
Even the cheese was spicy?
Lol
you should add pepper jack cheese
I’m surprised you never used Mexicana Cheese Slices instead of regular cheese.
big mac and dropping bleach knowledge holy moly love these guys
yakno this channels only alive for fun but ill watch any1 eat a 7 mil scoville big mac.
Y'all used to be funny now you fags are eating nothing but hot food and acting like canadian internet douchebags your not epic meal time anymore
Why does those pattys look like jerky? ?? forgot them on the grill?
Shoulda used pepperjack cheese
My asshole hurt just watching this!
hey guys please less talk more video
When he drank the soap i fucking died.
More reaction please.
HOLY SHIT REBORN EPICMEAL TIME FAN I JUST WAS REBIRTHED WHEN HARLEY MADE A Yamamoto reference, fucccckkkinnn Love you guys.
pretty sure they were on victoria park and danforth lol i recognize that neighborhood
RESPECT FOR SHOUTING OUT THE GREAT OLD MAN YAMAMOTO
I think this is your best video so far. A little note. Why you dont show the reaction after eat that spicy mcdy
Is that a black eye ? ??
Ameer got hotter but this show got less 'epic'....but cool in a different way, good job guys! Happy to see you guys srill having fun!
Lol they went through all the trouble to make a spicy burger but didn't use pepperjack cheese oh well good vid
3:51 Battered Wife Syndrome.
4:43 --- "Here Lloyd, this helps"
I love how I had a Wendys commercial on this video.
So I made a big mac sundae, I got ice cream and put big mac sauce on it. I changed a few things, but its pretty much still a big mac. Video coming soon.
Who´s the new guy? Thoose burgers looked delicious my man!
Great. Another spicy video.
R.I.P KING DAVE!!!
Cheese UNDER the burger?! What the fuck is going on I'm loosing my God damn mind
Grease sucks and so does John revolting ????
No pepper jack cheese?
THAT BLEACH REFRENCE LMAO
Itsh looksh sho shpicey!
It's an explosion of spicy and Epic Meal Time oh yes give me more give me more give me more I wouldn't eat it because I be on the toilet for a week and my butthole will be on fire I love you Epic Meal Time
Man this show has gone to hell.
Who are these guys? What - it's like a low quality Harvey wanna be copy
RIP glasses
Worst part is the hot bread, I'd hate that shit in the most intense manner possible
Damn, guy at the end there without gloves too
Did anybody else realize there was no bacon?
02:50 actually im very impressed
It's fucking hilarious that I know EXACTLY where they filmed this (Danforth Village represent!!) Hell I can see my apartment building in the background at: 2:46
That is how big a Mac Big should be.
I feelbad for their toilet
Man...one dance with death was enough for me. Worst toilet experience ever.
I own the Prue Evil 13 , Prue Evil 9.6, Mad Dog 357 Plutonium, and The Source.
https://www.amazon.com/Pure-Evil-13-Capsaicin-Drops/dp/B01K3FEF02/ref=pd_lpo_vtph_325_tr_t_2?_encoding=UTF8&psc=1&refRID=22Q37E699NPR2QNM25W8
https://www.amazon.com/Mad-Dog-357-Plutonium-Scoville/dp/B00IIUEOEW
“We’re changing every SINGLE ingredient” as the put on the unchanged cheese. Lol love you guys
Kramer is a racist and the video was shit, you showed barely anything
He uses gloves to put the hot sauce into the patty/mix of spices but he doesnt use gloves to put the meat onto the grill. Big mistake? lmao
Lol I fux with this??
This is like, dumb smart. Idk how that works but I love this shit.
Just put hot water and it gose away!! Stupid white people
This has more bird noises than a hunting channel ??
Legit forgot about these guys. Can't believe they're still trying to milk the channel
Brah make a video of you guzzling your ass shake after you drip and explode into a bag with your stomach coming outtah your assshole
Quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack
You guys get a like from me for that bleach reference also that burger like good as fuck
Did anyone else get the hungry jacks ad before the video started
7million scoville bigmac, 7 million subscribers
I lost it when he started pouring dish soap in his mouth. That dude is like muscles glasses. But dumber, weaker, and completely opposite of muscles glasses. I love him.
Ploox make better bread already lol
got a boner from the Bleach reference xD
That Bleach reference though ahaha!
I was about to go to sleep but....fuck it...
I want to know who introduced y'all to slap ya mama seasoning lol
When can we get your beef jerky up here in canada
got daym.love yall.madd props 2yall.yall need 2patien that b4 mickey d wants the rights.
trash cooks
The Vasto Lorde of the Big Mac.
Harley is good at one thing and that's slurpin' on big ol' ding dongs
RIP- Insides(stomach&anus)
That bleach reference made me laugh so hard I almost dropped my grinder
I haven't seen you guys in a Loooooooooooong Time...
#deadchannel
Harley must’ve been a few shots of JD in because he went in on that Big Mac
Happy B day big hoss
where's the jack dagnels?
The Bleach and Yugioh shout outs lol
why is there never any BACON on epic meal time anymore I'm so sad
Muscles glasses only complaint would have been that it wasn't hot enough.
YouTube has made ya'll soft! Still funny.....kinda!!
Yo Calhoun have you kept in touch with Bryan, ted, Jenna, and ki
Dumb and Dumber tribute @4:43! You want some Ketchup and Mustard? That helped us.....LMAO!!!
My man mentioned the all time greatest leader of the Seretei, Genryusai Yamamoto!! Holy shit my life is complete. Spice on Bacon Lords!! Your bankai is bacon!
Monoray jack?
IS THAT LEMME KNOS SON??
You guys should have used pepper jack cheese
???Bleach Shout out! Harvey you the fucking man!????????
Bruhhhhhhhh we got a new captain commander don and he’s loves the bitches
OMG 2:25 YOU DONT LITE ALL THE BURNERS AT THE SAME TIME THE IS SOOOO BASIC
You guys need new content, you cant do the same stuff for 8 years.
I had to like thisnsuper hard for the bleach name drop
What won’t you do for views? Damn
Fam how y'all not go show the after mathstho lol
Happy bladdah to sauce Bruce and props for the bleach reference even tho I know u no rook in the game..MYNINJA!!!
5:02 .....oh yeah, BECAUSE DISH SOAP MAKES IT BETTER! WHY!? I know it works for hands, but, not the mouth D: edit: also, late happy bday harley.
Epic as fuck for that legend of Zelda reference ????
Lmao wasnt ready for the Bleach reference ??????
Yo!!!! I love these fuckin guys!!!! This nigga said “I just came back from the shadow realm.” Lmfao!!!!!!!! ??????????????????
7 million subs, barely 100k. Please just stop, you haven't been relevant in years. Just end on a low note.
kiss me on the lips. (without hesitation) alrighty.
majestic, beautiful, now im hungry
Happy birthday Harley
Again I dont get it, why no mad dog 357 plutonium? ...
Why take the seeds out
You guys are desperate eh
How far from the light you have strayed.
They've hijacked your show, Harley. You've failed us... all is doom.
Am I the only one that can't deal with buddys lisp? Ive watched so many of their videos and I still cant get over it
You could of used jalepinio pepper jack cheese
No me and him got the same brithday
So how long did u spend in the washroom
He pulled that bleach reference out his ass lol
You want the source to mix well... mix it with your wet ingredients before adding it to the dry for the bun...
Hello
Is the man with the black beared Muslim or from a eastern area cause his name is islamic
the bleach reference :level 1000 dope
"Kiss me on the lips." "Alrighty." Lmao
How'd you guys manage to make the mac sauce? I'm never able to quite nail it
Lol
Fuck that my nig. That's retarded hot. I took a bite of a cayenne pepper today and got the hiccups for 2 minutes
Does Amir have a black eye? Lefty? What happened yo?
You forgot the cheese
Ratings, ratings for the Bleach reference.
BANKAI!
I was first to put the comment about the source quite some time ago when they went onto the spice YouTube channel where and tried several hot sauces upto 1 million scolvilles now I will the first to suggest the spicer hot sauce of plutonium made by mad dog which is 9 million Scoville
I was so proud of my self when I beat link to the past ?? I was like 10 or so
This shit is scary
Those views are low asf.. Dead Channel much ?
Y'all didn't use pepper jack cheese...just sayin'
why didnt you show the kiss tho bro?
Kiss me on the lips
The bleach ref blew my mind.
Fire in the hole! ??
I used to watch this channel everyday but now it's shit the channel was good when josh was around but now that josh is gone this channel has went from really good to dog shit. I'm unsubscribing this channel is about to die. And Matt stonie just beat you at the KFC whole menu he just put the last screw on the coffin
R.I.P Genryusai Yamamoto
someone in canada didn't get the momo about Kramer
I like how all the peppers are pointless when you break out "The Source".
MY ONLY QUESTION IS WHERE THE FUCK IS MUSCLES AND GLASSES????
This episode is brought to you by "Cashmere" Toilet Paper
Well that was anticlimactic
Skinny stauches!!! Should be the new name , in ode to muscles glasses! You’re welcome.
Alrighty lmaooooo
I actually want to try this
I would eat all the big mac and all the guys in few bites ???????????????????
I fuckin shop at that grocery store! Shout out Main and Danforth.
What happened to Muscles Glasses. Who are these clowns?
Bankai! Love the bleach reference <3
What’s up with the shaky camera hands
hold up...the Yu-Gi-Oh reference too... ??dude you the goat
This channel has gone so crap now I miss the old squad when they had muscle glasses and Dave
#ilovegrease
I love this because you guys show me what I shouldnt ever do lol great video!
I used to love these videos, now they're so cringe I can't finish one
harley are you okay are you okay are you okay harley
How ya ganna put the dude with the hardest lisp ever in front of the camera... ITS SPITHY
gay
Y’all need to fire Amir
I LOVE GREASE
Can you learn to the the letter "s" correctly? Your shitty half fucked retard "s" makes me a little angry that you take yourself seriously. It's pronounced "eh-s" not "ethhhhh"
Where’s muscle glasses
Happy Birthday!
DAMN HARLEY DROPPING BLEACH KNOWLEDGE
where was the pepper jack cheese ?
Someone got their hands on a transition pack ??????
This channel needs more Harley....not the try hard gang.
That looks delicious ?? but, I wouldn't dare.
I need a montage of Ymir acknowledging the camera with arab music in the background
harley's burning ring of fire, it went down down down and the flames went higher, the ring of fire, the ring of fire.
Usually Gavin McInnis is focused on political stuff. Good to see him eating burgers.
Harley once again going "Jack Bauer" on his prostate.
Bacon????????????!!!!
Shouldve went with pepper jack cheese
Happy Birthday yesterday Harley!!!!!!!!!!!!! :D
Your videos just keep getting more boring and staged with over acting like in this vid when he tasted the mac sauce. I have watched you guys from the beginning and it just went to shit when MG's left. You PUSSIES need to watch this video (especially the flamer who tasted the mac sauce) and get back to your roots, rather having 5 min of shit on an 7 min video. Only Haley got through just half of his burger and others barely touched. ALL you should have sat down like men and finished everything there. Time to un-sub after all these years. Bye EMT https://youtu.be/q0i9pZnq29Y
Where you been drunk man,m haha you have been MIA in KOTD..
Rip doinks, yungkingdave is dead
Didn’t use pepper jack cheese? Maybe because it’s not the Big Mac cheese but STILL
Do a Bacon King like this!
And happy birthday harley, hope youre not too hungover on that Jack mc_Dagnals
where is the kramer shirt from? my girlfriend needs the eraserhead/seinfeld mashup
@4:44 The beginning of HARLey losing his sauce boss name......
Scotch bonnets are not that hot
Big Mac Sauce = Mayo, Mustard, Relish, Vinegar, Garlic Powder, Onion Powder and Paprika. Try it. Fuck French Dressing.
Gross guy is groooosssss
R.I.P. YKD
some old school epic meal time hellll yeahhhh
Reduce all creation to ash, Ryujin Jakka
Those spicy Big Macs Look like they would make your body hurt for a very long time insane heat wow what a spicy YouTube video nice very nice guys
Gotta get some aftermath in there man we need to see more of you guys!!
Happy birthday Harley hope your ass is fine I’m sorry bro
A bleach reference???? Hell freaking yeah.
Your knowledge of Bleach is respectable.???
Damn I love spicy foods and would love to try this
Y'all it's 2018, get some reusable grocery bags pls
7:37 you are welcome
Spicy KFC
I want more bleach episodes.
Says changing every part of it to make it more spicy...puts regular American cheese on...smh
Id call it the BBC cuz ur inside r gonna get rekt
If this show has taught me one thing it's you don't hitler in an airport.
Shout out to 'KRAMER a character by Larry David' t-shirt!
No spicy cheese? smh....lol
'Spicy'
Some bleach love again? I always knew that EMT still had it!
I honestly forgot this channel was a thing
why didnt you use pepper jack cheese?
Petition to get Dan and Adam to act out their favorite scene from Grease.
Kiss me on the lips
This is not cool. Food should be yummy, not painful.
after enough of these spicy videos.. you would think they would learn that there is NO heat in seeds.. SMH one of the stupidest myths out there
2:11 are you saying that every time you touch it... you get... this feeling?
So the best is yet to come and right then you end the episode. It's like showing an intro and the intro is the end - fucking smart!
im casual shit
Did ya die thoe
RIP old man Yama.
weebs
Squad 1 gang weebs unite
emt is dead
Big Like! for the Bleach references.
I need to try this at home fr fr
So this is what a dead channel looks like
Shaguk!
why is the cheese not spicy?
Missed you boys!!!
that Bleach reference <3
that Bleach reference though ????
Happy birthday Harley!!
B I G D O I N K
EMT never disappoints with the CONTENT!!
66k in 12 hours. You guys fell off. Should’ve saved some of your YouTube money instead of spending it all on food that you don’t finish.
Damn, you guys hate your toilets!
Well it looks like you might want to go home early today hahahaha amir is effin funny
Omfg so sand don't get a reward for that acting at the store line??? I died laughing
Why tf did they leave the chesse uncooked
I cant think of something more dumb than making a huge deal about how spicey something is then showing how spicy u made it then not showing the results
omg the bleach reference was amazing <3 love seeing you guys eat spicy food haha
You should collab with Shaun Evans again and cook with the Pepper X that would be amazing :)
Uuuuu loved the bleach reference
"Alrighty....."
That bleach reference tho ????
Breathe! Lol
i luv ur food challange bRRRRROOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZ
since i rewatched some old episodes from back in the day the new ones seem so fucking lame, just like the sauseboss, that turned into a cunt
This video would be okay if you guys didn’t act like such a bitch, seriously? I’ve ate elderly women’s pussy more spicy than that smh. Pussy ass bitches !
show the poop
You guys are nuts! You couldn't pay me enough money to even eat that spicy Burger there's no way!
I love the Bleach reference.
Happy Birthday to the Boss!!! Love those gamer/lore moments Harley lays down.
#RIPYOURBUTTHOLE
Now I am hungry for McDonalds. Thanks guys!
Why not pepper jack cheese?
RIP your everything as it comes out.
Love it when he dropped the Bleach reference
2:54 lol pure awesomeness. ??Bleach
I see their moving off of bacon and onto hot shot... Very original.
EPIC SAUCE BOSS! WHAT DO YOU COMAND!
Let's see some Pure Evil capsaicin drops at 13 million SHU on the next vid. It's the next logical(?) step.
So that's why I keep finding peppers with bites in them!
A Bleach reference, huh? Your waifu must be Orihime, seeing as she does the same things with food you do :3
Happy birthday!!
BINGO....EPIC MEAL TIME SHOPPING BAGS, faces and all, couple versions, cheers!
These channel still exists???
HEY, drop the plastic bags, WTF?
Shitting fire bois
Best belated birthday beard bro. Brutal beasts break bitches, boiii.
Why didn't you use chilli cheese?
WHERE THE FUCK IS THE BACON!!?????
WHERE THE FUCK IS THE BACON!!?????
Bleach reference game level on 100
link to the past and bleach references, that's tight
love you boiz, BONKAI
We wanna see the milk chugging or death
' i just split lip and it went into my lip ' wow ameer holdin up if thats true i woulda expect a little run around the house shit must b painfulll!!
Im curious: in so many “spicy challenges” about the only ingredient they never pour on is the “pure spice extract”, is it eating The Source in large amounts will legit send you to the morgue?
Shout out to Bleach!
The Bleach reference made this video for me
Old epic meal time was better where they made crazy stuff.
The only og that is left is ameer. I won’t be surprised if he was next the leave.
Change the epic to spicy in your channel name. The meals are no longer epic
Yamamoto <3
???????. ????
"Gimmie a kiss on the lips, alrighty" lmfao gold!
that's what i'm fuckin talkin about !!!
Shoutout to bankai.
Harley like spicy.
I loved the Kevin Connolly cameo
Wait, no spicy cheese? Not even pepper jack?
Always makes my morning, another great episode guys!
Why does this video start in the vegetation section? Epic Meal Time has hit a new low.
So fucking upset no peper jack cheese? You boys to pussy?
Why was the lettuce not replaced with Kimchi...
bacon kings.... sauce boss... and now turning into the spice your ass needs ice
Bleach reference!!!
U try too hard to be funny but u aren’t
Is it too spicy for your dad !?!?
why does every youtuber have to be so fucking cringe
Didnt use peperjack. Im offended
was the lil guy your son harley?
Where's the ads on this video? You guys deserve it!
We're both handsome guys.... Kiss me on the lips.
talk about an early death jeez louse, taking on 7ml scoville unit for us much respect guys :)
Great reference to Shigenuki!!!. I personally prefer Yosube Ichibei
Really really really thpicy bigmac. The thpithiest
I was here years ago. So was MusclesGlasses. Now I'm back, and I miss MusclesGlasses.
i dont want , i prefer to beat my dick lol
This shit looks so good
Is that a Kramer as Eraserhead shirt?
Happy Birthday, Harley
I’m so glad you guys didn’t let this channel die when it started losing heat. Not as much heat as in that Big Mac though!
Good episode...but gotta call'em out on more or less recycling an old episode (Feb 12 2018 - World's Spiciest Burger (Valentine's Day Episode) - Epic Meal Time). Only real difference it's a big mac build.
Harley you made a bleach reference so now you are in my book of youtubers who will be godsend to meet along with markiplier, jackseptieye, and the game grumps bottom of the top 5 or 6 is Freddie wong for creating vghs which you were in like a boss
Hot ones ain’t got shit on the boys??????
Thanks for another great vid
Dead channel tbh
7m subs -7m scoville
Looks dry as fuck!??
Acually lime and dishsoap help with the pain
That bankai tho ??????
What the fuck, where is Harley. Why was he not buying the ingredients, this is bs... Youtube died when epicmealtime lost its fuego flava
Spicy everything and then regular cheese... HOW DARE YOU!
that's my Sobeys!
Shoutout to Harley for the Bleach reference! This is the Zanka No Tachi Big Mac!
ur gonna fuckin die
So good to see you guys coming back with new ideas
He need some milk ????
Happy birthday Harley! (A bit late, but still)
Am I the only person who salivated exceptionally more whilst watching this
did you have to look up his name for this?
thumbs down just because of that peice of shit. i dont know his name but hes so annoying... when hes not in the video ill give you thumbs up. but when hes in the video you will get thumbs down. im talking about the dude with the fro
Is Harley gay
Great job boys!
#supportbleach
It's all fun and games till your f*#%ing a gallon of milk... Never risk ya special place wear gloves...
Bro that bleach knowledge tho...you a real one.
If you guys eat crackers or bread really helps get the spice out your mouth. I know this because coworkers and i tried mark of the beast.
Happy birthday
The meat is heeling his eye fast (as it's so compact with nutrients)
So strange to see Harley not drunk xd
ily
You should make another extremely hot burger and have L.A. Beast eat it for a crossover video.
Happy birthday Harley !!! <3
The spicy shit is over done! Go back to your roots of giant obsurd food!!!!! Oh, I almost forgot, Amir loves B====D
I love the Bleach reference.. Gotta say.. I'm a Kisuke guy myself
Says every ingredient is replaced with spicy, puts regular cheddar cheese on burger.
It's not that bad... French kisses ice cream for relief.
Where's Santos?
You'd be shittin blood after eating the whole burger ??
Your shits must be the worst after something like that
Lmao shout-out CPT.Yamamoto. A Legend???
Goddamn I want that
The references on this episode are on point
But no pepper jack cheese?
DAT SHYT CRAY
I see a Bleach reference, I put a like. SIMPLE.
Y'all fuckin crazy. But that is y I keep watching.
So many anime references....i absolutely love it
I am a simple weeb, I see animu I leave like.
Hello
Sauce boss saved the video
"kiss me on the lips." "alrighty" lol *sadly cries inside." the most beautiful bromance I've ever seen
Yo that Bleach Reference caught me so off guard !! Amazing video as usual boys <3
My mouth hurts just by watching
Did you sign a waiver before you ate it?
Did realize y'all were bleach fans, did y'all see the live action film yet?
- Kiss me on the lips. - Alrighty. Straight up killed me.
I also like bleach
Why don’t y’all use the hot ones pepper x hot sauce
Bro them dark circles under your eyes.
Booogie Woogie !
its time for a new outtro my dude
I am 80% sire i an down that burger in under 1 minute
For that bleach reference you earned that like boy
I would love for Harley to squat over me and explode the aftermath from his charred hairy bunghole all over my face.
Yoooo, that Bleach shout out!!
Damn this channel used to be the shit back in the day
Why would you mess with this??? It would be so miserable eating this
I promise to watch every episode for the rest of my life if u shout out my left boob
Hot Ones is quaking.
anyone else notice the marvel and dc figures in the cupboards in the background such as spiderman one over from the oven. Cool :)
Is Harleys birthday really 7-30? Don't fuck around with birthday buddy's. 7-30-93.
A Link To The Past, best Zelda game ever! FIGHT ME!!!
Noice! Harvey's back.. enjoyed this one! Good stuff! ????
2:50 A few moments later i simply had to like this video
Oh my fucking god . The bleach reference. Did not expect that shit hahahahahah
That Bleach reference was dope af
Shouldn't they have replaced the cheese with Pepper Jack?
How long did it take gross guy to recover????????
Do you feel the PainTrain?
Happy birthday Harley .. smoking one for you souse bouse
I loved the ending with the heavy panting
I live in California so I haven't seen plastic bags like that in a while, now i gotta pay 10 cents if i want a bag, and the worst part is I remember voting for this to happen. Wtf was I thinking?!?!?
Yo cashmere toilet paper lol
Homemade edible pepper spray. That'll be awesome.
I saw boring cheese..
Dying channel BTW.
When adding scovilles, dont you find a mean, not just adding them together?
I want one
could have used jalapeno cheddar tho
With no hesitation Amer says Alllrighty. Hilarious!
Oh shit they shop at my sobeys. Im schleeeeeeep boi.
Do you still have a stomach after eating so much spicy food? I'm concerned about your health.
How can I do this
Juste pour la référence à bleach j'adore !!
You guys alive?
3 men were sent to the ICU for extreme burns to bring us this episode
Those buns are ass
Harley gives Prince Walla an apology kiss for giving him a blackeye
Hey Harley and the rest Of The crew could you do an Irish themed pizza on Tuesday 14 of August to celebrate my little brothers sweet 16th birthday. It would be awsome
No Pepper Jack Cheese?
Dude, Harley with the random Bleach AND Legend of Zelda knowledge. Heyo! I see you! I hope the Dark World Big Mac didn't kill anyone.
they must take hour long shits that go from trying to do something important to instantly almost shitting themselves
EMT is riding product placement pretty hard and long and fast all night
UR ass.. going to be.. on ??
Yung King Dave
No bacon?
And not one of the bitches ate even half a burger
Theven million thcoville uniths
But Yamamoto is kill...
May I ask why you guys needed batteries for a spicy big Mac?
“Sorey”
It s my birthday to I turn 11 on July 30 2018 ?????????? ???????? .
Alrighty
1:57-2:04 That’s what she said!
True Heroes, :) /best regards from Scandinavia :)
Lovin it
Hello!!! hot ones rip off!!! ?????????
You fucking animals! I love you guys, don't die please
RIP all of the Epic Tongues
My anus began itching looking at those patties.
Try this after getting oc sprayed
GIVE ME SOME GNGEEEEESCH!
Wait...couldn't do pepper jack cheese at least?!
Why does it have regular ass cheese though pussies.
ITS REVOLUTIONARY GAME CHANGING DAY FOR PREMO CANADIAN GANJA HARLEY..LETS DO IT UP!!!! EPICMEALTIME LIVE STYLE BRO....HOW COULD U DENY A GOOD CANADIAN BOY FROM BRITISH COLUMBIA THE CHANCE TO WELCOME IN FREEDOM!!!! BLLLLLLLLAAAAAAAAZZZZZZEEEEEEE UUUUUUPPPPPP
This video instantly got a like for the bleach reference I love bleach sooooooo much. By far my favorite anime of all time.
This channel is not dead until Harley says it's dead ! It is immortal !
ever heard of video stabilisation
HARLEY..420 EPICMEALTIME LIVE SHOW ON ..OCTOBER 17TH..1ST DAY OF LEGALIZATION...CO HOSTED BY 2 JOINTS???
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7e1hnzNf4zk
3:54
at least sand didn't almost die,,,,like the hottest taco show,,poor fooker got smoked out by grilln the hot stuff
TP?! Step yalls fuckin game up and get wet wipes. Trust me, your assholes will thank you for it.
Happy birthday Harley
happy birthday sauce bosssss!
It’s so damn cute when grossguy fucks himself up
The ALTTP reference was amazing
The bankai burger or the soul society.
thats nice and hot
should've named Big Bang Big Mac
There is mad dog 357 plutonium which is 9 million Scoville Here’s the amazon link: https://www.amazon.ca/Plutonium-Million-Scoville-Extract-Ounce/dp/B00IIUEOEW/ref=sr_1_2?ie=UTF8&qid=1533014689&sr=8-2&keywords=mad+dog+357+plutonium
'Changing up every single ingredient'..... except the cheese. Haha
When you think” Why didn’t EMT use Pepperjack Cheese?”
Shoulda put pepper jack cheese
Happy birthday, Harley.
no pepperjack cheese?
Burgers look like birdshit mashed together into a patty
We got some HEAT!lol love you guyz??
I would eat that, it looks delicious
Yo dog were the fuck is the sauce boss .... Oh shit nvm??
The cheese wasn’t spicy
I inhaled piece of chocolate and died for 3 minutes when Harley said shikuhhhh
It’s my birthday to but happy birthday Harley
I feel bad for your asshole
Tf yall know abt Captain Commander Genryusai!
Harley is going to war for the fam!!!!??
Aw man happy belated Harley
Why the buns look so dry lol
You done f**ked up. You used regular cheese instead of pepper jack cheese.
Love the video like always but... What happened to amir's eye though???
When your channel is dead you gotta eat food that could physically hurt you or worse. But now you said bankai and brought up the bleach reference you deserve your millions of views you guys use to get.
Only
Whatever happened to Lemme Kno?
Holy fuck out of all the characters atari you and Harley Morenstein r the ones lol ok well hair net beard was whatever any ways but where is muscles glasses I hope his wife and children are as beautiful as u all r God bless
Happy birthday Harley
I was afraid to touch my own face watching this. Great episode.
im amazed they never used bacon
you just went bankai
harming yourself for views, a major way to suceed on YouTube
you make this shit look so bad and sure it is but i watch people do this and they handle it a hell of a lot better than your pussy asses. you guys are weak making your 5-10 minute fucking videos... grow some fucking balls and eat something like this on camera with out edits you fucking pussy bitches.
Wallek went straight in for that kiss. No fucks given!
RIP Young King Dave #BigDoinks
I love your chance but non of u r sweeting in last scene rly hope it’s not fake no hate guys love every fkin bacon vid just that many scovles in the last min or so and not beeding sweat is kinda off love u no hate keep up bacon vids!!!!!
Thank you for making old man Yama proud.
Where is the Slash's lost brother from the spicy tacos vid?
Lovin the spicy vids
All these cry babies in the comments reminiscing the past ??
Subscribed just for the love shown for my mans Yamamoto
But the cheese wasnt spicy......
Absolutley amazing. I've been loving the videos lately
#RIPSauceBossButthole
Holy shit a bleach reference
??????? ??? ?????????? ????? ? ???? ????????
Love it!
Stupid connected Earlobes
harley on that bleach level...squad zero anyone :D
These are some good samaritan boys at the grocery store! Also happy birthday Harley!
“...it turned my sperm pink for two days.” lol....next time you should find a vineyard that grows cubed grapes like those inedible watermelons, except edible and pointy delicious. Do a show on it. I’ll help, I got a grape tree. And little glass boxes, lots of them. Bring on the pane meats bring on the the plain. The rain in plain falls mainly on the grape, meter fuckers!
Nice bleach reference boi
Was he the principal on vghs
Happy belated Harvey! Mine past a week ago today coincidentally
first....wait
That was entertaining. Thanks for punishing yourselves. And ditch the Kramer shirt guy.
Weird, I was just thinking about that old dude from bleach
Harley has officially been bitten by the spice she is a cruel mistress
EMT is GOAT status
WHITE PEOPLE ARE CRAZY
Liked just for the Captain Commander reference.
Rip Yamamoto
So much fuzz about eating the spicy hamburger and you show only like one minute you're eating. Skip the video I would say!
6:09 'We are changing up every ingredient in here!' That looks like normal cheese sir. I feel lied to.
Wtf nobody Evan ate any?
Oh shit it's my birthday today too
I HATE, HAAAATE how you guys don't show the aftermath of these 'heat' related videos. You would get so many more views! C'mon EMT!
Where's muscles glasses
happy crow sound birthday Harley
i shidded and farded and camed my pants
You know everyone loves watching that spicy shit, keep it up haha
https://open.spotify.com/user/gzkaatt/playlist/0ntMnoZfmmRhEm2jLDhjyk?si=Hx8nVtVySU6WgnGfQL7g8g
That bleach reference though!!
I'm disappointed...They didn't make the slice of cheese spicy
Where's muscle glasses????
I call BS! that cheese slice looked like regular american! :P
Pouring The Source!?! Man you are crazy!!
Yeah I burned myself twice with stupid jalapeños!!! Even after washing my hands 3 times I wear gloves too now haha my dick was on fire
vous êtes des grands malades ! you are so crazy !! omg !!!
I just looked it up and I had no idea The Source costs a fucking hundred dollars. I expected it to be kinda pricey, but Jesus. Also I want that god damn burger.
this was at main and danforth
You boys are so well behaved in the grocery store Cheers to you!
I see you with that Bleach reference
getting sick of the clown, wheres the red head? or dont you boys like girls?
Can you do spiciest chocolate roulette?
Ive eaten Mad Dog 357 Plutonium # 9 and I felt there pain instantly... PS. Don’t do it EVER..... EVER!
MEAT !
Happy Birthday you piece of shit motherfucker! I fucking love you man!
that has to fucking hurt!!!!
holy shit i paused and liked the video when harvey referenced gen ryusai+bleach SO HARD
Looks like the sauce boss got beat by the sauce
The Spice aint Nice.
Bleach Greatness!
Fuck yeah
Your ulcers will have ulcers that develop ulcers.
Love this shit. Miss muscles glasses, but this crew is good.
I guess they won't be eating anything next time
Seriously these always come out at midnight when I'm getting stoned and drunk
I said God damn
Great video! Would you eat a porg with szechuan sauce? ??
Bleach reference i love it
Should have used jalapeno flavored cheese
Need bonus footage!!!!
Eating it isn't even the hard part.
Omg you guys are still around.. MUSCLE GLASSES!!
7:55 who the fuckin FUCK is this wanker?!? Gross guys new boyfriend?!?
Holy fuck id never expect them to reference bleach
I'd eat that. But I have pure extract crystals so the source ain't shit.
Looked fucking delicious but also very gay.
Why Sauceboss... why...? Oh yeah, cause it's EPIC!
Gonna like just for old man yama
1:35 bacon grease? ??
Everything spicy except for the cheese! Time to redo this episode!
Happy birthday Harley, late of course, but I hope you had a great birthday
Yo the love for Bleach
Kiss me on the lips ????
"My sperm was pink for 2 days" -EMT 2018
B A C O N S T R I P S
A Big Mac that burns any of the calories it originally had.. brilliant!
Harley panting like a dog at the end haha Happy birthday Jewish warrior
Wow. This tops the spicy taco video with the scolville scale. Will they respect the hot sauces this time?
A Big Mac that burns any of the calories it originally had.. Brilliant!
should have got the stuff from blairs sauce they have a thing that is 16 million scoville
Ily
You guys are a little crazy
HARLEY YOU ARE A LEGEND.
Yeeaa gross guy baaaby
Happy burfday Harley ?????? you are the man!
bring the old crew back
If you think it’s bad now wait till you have to use the Bathroom ?? LOL ??
Wouldnt even do this for Donald Trumps whole bank account
Cacaw motherfucker early gang
Never get too lost in the sauce
I truly feel bad for you guys. You along with other OG youtubers have followed into the new 2018 trash content trends and now you're struggling to get out (or you're not even trying?). OG's can't just copy what's "HOT", you need to be original AND new again. Even though it works for these newer youtubers that gain millions a month.. that content is still trash. But it's the only thing kids nowadays will find on their feeds. Older people, your OG subscribers, just move on... how many years can they repeat watching the same thing? People have reason to complain. It means they want change. I respect that you still make videos but what's the point if you're just doing it for the money and not the entertainment of your subscribers?
Your pain and suffering on camera bring me great joy.
BANKAI
Uh? Anime reference in this channel? That was unexpected.
Nice video
This channel went to shit when muscles glasses left. These dudes aren’t good actors.
Feel the burn
Mamma Mia that's a spicy burger
HEY EPIC MEAL BOYSSSSSSS
Nice
Much love for old man Yama!
Sponsored by mcdonalds
8th!
what do you do when the big mac attacks you?
About to be so many comments no one will notice that I like traps
So spicy it might blind you
Epic Meal Time needs more epic videos like this. Not 100lb burgers
The bleach reference had my sides in orbit.
30 views and the 13th comment Julian was here !!
Shaboop!!!
I love spicy food??????
Dang
Yeet o my bonito
Big Mac is my go to burger. Why am I still awake it's 5am ??
First
Gang Gang
THATS HOT ASF
Epic
Hot... Literally
Nut
4th
first!
ligma Edit: I was first lick my taint