Steph it’s okay (I’m gonna get attacked for this) I’ve never even seen lalaland
Woot congrats on the 500k getting up there.... ??
On the 14 can you say happy birthday Emma because that is when my birthday is ??
Kid mukbangs are kinda weird
I think it's because she changed the future.
Wow. Typical. She goes for big white dicks instead of small Asian dicks.
Yummy share some
The only people I think of when she talks about small kids doing Mukbangs is the little girl from “The candoo’s” or maybe even Aubrey London
Steph taking forever to get to the story reminds me of jknews trailing off and Tiffany introduces the story hella late into the video then the video ends.. anyway I LOVE YOU STEPH HOPE TO SEE YOU MORE ON JKNEWS
please do more with asmr
“wait there’s cheese inside” “um it is a mozzarella stick” DEADDDD????
I miss blockbuster!!!!
i hate lalaland too lmao
She has pregnancy brain Yall ??????
I agree with the kid mukbang think
You should watch The Candoos, they put two year old Beatrix in front of the camera.
what’s the movie name bih
Stephanie you need to watch Game of Thrones! You will be shook.
I feel so happy whenever I watch Steph eat and her energetic personality it makes me feel good????
This reminds me of the Truman Show. Maybe she was recorded since she was born and it could be possible that people watch her tapes/life like how people watched the Truman Show on TV. Since she disrupted that, she ends up going crazy and in jail?
Omg you are wearing Zara kids top bitchhh
or maybe you’re just asian ..??
stephanie soo is cancelled
BISSSSSS I COMMENTED HOW TO DO IT LAST TIME AND NOW STEPHIANCÈ TOLD YOU ***** TYPE SOMETHING ***** BOLD
Where is the story from
Kids ASMR are not good to watch... sorry is it only me?
Omg which place did u get this from? It looks so good!!!!
whats the name of the movie can anybody find ittt
I deadass think this is the best channel:)I love you and your stories.
You are theeeee best story teller! ???? I love it!
STEPHANIEE WHAT IS THE MOVIE
What's the movie? I'm dieing
You need some chopstick holding lessons from your boyfriend
yeets
“i’ll have him practice the downward dog.......” it’s also a sex position ??
I hate Lala land too ??
Stephanie, your not the only one who didn't like la la land, but for different reasons
PERIODT
the ending to this video is so cute hahah
Did anyone hear her friend say oh my god on the low as she Yelled?
Wow your Korean pronounciation is perfect
Please start listing where you get your food.
*I freaking love your videos
illuminati confirmed hahaha
PLEASE! I WANNA KNOW THE NAME OF THE MOVIE
You should do more mukbangs without your fiance. Seems like your fiance is there to help you with the food. You don't eat much.
Hell yeah I remember Blockbuster bisss!
Kid mukbangs are so cuteee but u do u boo
Me too, i hate LA-LA LAND !! ?
Movie title pls! ??
what restaurant did she buy this from? i want to try this when i’m back in ktown ??
Somebody tell me the movies name
Until then
I would rather when how I die...so I can live positively and happily
I think it's because she altered her destiny, that's why she got that ending. That's the reason why human can't and shouldn't know their future ahead of time, I think. And yes, I will return the dvd right away. I won't fight destiny lol.
Where did you get this food?! Craving it soo bad I live in LA ??????????
I didn’t like La La Land either ??
We all really want to know the name of the movie it would be great if you could tell us all lol
What’s the movie called ?!?
biss what’s the movie’s name D:
What I learn from all these stephi’s mukbang vids is that stephiance is able to counteract stephi’s craziness so well and that’s why I ship them so hard ?????? LOVE U GUYS!
Which place in ktown?
What movie is that
this story is so good than lalaland LOL jk
Where is it from?
So Loki?...hehe
OH YEAH AND what’s the title of the that story called??????
You’re a good story teller that I was getting so paranoid that someone was watching me that I had to turn my back to the wall of my bedroom????????????
I love her personality
Xx
I really wanna know the story behind your husband always hiding his face ... ps in New here in case you have already explained it lol
Omg, my favourite lines. “She’s got bags under her eyes and their not designer.” “Oooo you theifing ass b****” And “all I got from this was...don’t skip episodes!” ??????????????
whats the place called?
JSJJDNDEJDJDBDBDBDN WHAT'S THIS MOVIE CALLED PLEASE I NEED TO KNOW??WHAT IT AHHHHH WE'VE GOT ANOTHER FAN GIRL/BOY but really I need this movie
why has all the mukbang have the coldest water bottle
This story felt like a black mirror episode ??
I really want her to make got7 marks recipe it always looks so good
I'm with you bisss and your unpopular opinion on movies, I getchuuu
The ramen packs are 2 servings. The cup is 1 serving. i was confused too until i looked haha.
Lmao, Captain America is actually going to die.... ??????????
hi (edit: thx to stephanie’s fiancé for teaching me how to comment in bold!!)
Omg!!! It looks DELICIOUS GIRLFRIEND!!! You should definitely invite me over ??????????
OMG THAT STORY BLEW MY MIND.....you tell it soooooo good. I think if I had the choice i would watch the first couple tapes and maybe just maybe watch the first future tape. but after that i won?t because then it would change my view on life and the experiences with it so yah. lol GREAT VIDEO BTW IM SOOO SUBSCRIBING !!!
Blockbuster was the shit, I miss is :(
The guy in your yoga class may have been practicing lions breath
I remember always trynna sneak into the 18+ area in Blockbuster because a friend told me there was games and candy inside
THIS IS PERTINENT TO THE STORY
Cancelled
going into blockbuster was paradise ?? having an endless selection or movies and games
Conspiracy theory idea, Dude who survived Las Vegas shooting died in the California bar shooting. Fate?
yess bisss blockbuster was my hobby. hahah I used to spent hours there but it was funn I guess now you spent hours in your bed waiting to see which Netflix series or movie you'll watch. But that's boring. hahaha I didn't like Lalaland either I have tried watching it several times and I have fallen sleep.
I freaking love banana milk. Being on JK must be fueling distractions from the main topic lol. You belong there
You’re such a good storyteller. I’ll be getting ready for work listening to your channel lol I love it!
also, i hated la la land. it was the worst.
Subscribe and watch my recent and I’ll do the exact same to you!! ??
CAN YOU PLEASE TEACH THIS WHITE GIRL HOW TO USE FUCKING CHOPSTICKS?!?!?!? :'( :'( (lol)
PPUUURRRRRFECT~~~~~~~
what is the name of the movie?
you need more subscribers people should know about Stephanie Soo
Yaaasss BISSHHH
Stephanie you're a great actor love my comment please ??
But what about Mama Mia??
N.E LETS EAT
Lala land was soooo boring
?????? ??????? yes I know blockbuster ??
I don't like la la land either. The visuals are great but I don't like musicals either. Like I love frozen and animated things like that but I agree that it's so cringe when they just go back to talking after they just burst out singing.
I would stop from dvd nr1 cuz I would be so creeped out!! Am too careful
FUCK
THE
i agree with you lalaland rant ?? love the soundtrack but not the movie
Omg i also hate Lala land I hated the ending ugh
who else find her annoying ??
I can't take it anymore!! Every comercial that plays on your videos is a tai lopez 17minute one!!! I dont know if I love you enough to watch and not skip them biss :D
Ya I think blockbuster and redbox are the same thing it always in front of like Walgreens also love u steph
So is blockbuster like Redbox
Bissssss What’s the name of the movie?? Somebody help!!
The tempura ring box ??????????
its oke i dont like la la land either
love this biss
i just tried the bold thing for the first time too sis lmao
Where’s the Stefiancé marriage proposal storytime at though?
I hav Cancer.......
Damn that's like a goosebumps story this was such a good video lmao
If you want to see what he looks like go to her other channel miss mangbutt
What the name of the movie you were talking about were all looking for it
Don't EVER skip episodes!
#Stephanie soo where did you buy your water bottle??
please omg can someone tell me the name of the movie she was talkin abt
what’s the movie called tho?
I hate lala land too
This is more of a talkshow than a mukhang. Shes done more talk than eat.
This is a test for commenting in bold Edit 1: This doesn't work Edit 2: Oh nevermind I just came back from a YouTube tutorial on this
OMG I THOUGHT IM THE ONLY ONE THAT HATES LA LA LAND
DONT MISS ANY EPISODES
Good story.xx :-)
Nothing good ever comes with messing with that bc then you want things to happen that way so bad or you work towards it not happening so bad it happens bc you already know it’s gonna happen it’s messing with bad karma that’s why you live every second as it comes
1000000000% agree about kid mukbangs
yess I finally learned how to comment in bold HAHAHA thank you!!
My dream is to eat with you tbh
wow
Only true fans use the word biss, lol myself included
I enjoy the videos but I really can’t take your chopstick skills lol ?? it bothers me so much. Idk why
I would've never even watched those movies ??
lala land sucks
The company releasing those tapes would be for profit prisons ??
Lmfao the perfect rectangle
Is this video making you Hungry? 0.0
have you guys ever wanted to right a comment but didn't know what to say so you just didn't say anything
Was this a real story?
I do like cup ramen lmao!
Can you mention where exactly you get these dishes so a sis can go and buy some for herself??
I love the little noise Stephanie makes when she stuffs her face, and it’s really good ????
WHAT IS THE NAME OF THE MOVIEEEEE
Blockbuster??
What is the movie called?? I'm going crazy looking for it :(
i think the lady died because she got too curious and obsessed about watching the tapes, because she was so obsessed about watching #9, THAT led her to her doom. If she just let it go and shrug not being able to watching #9 she would've been fine and wouldn't end up going to jail. Like they always say; "curiosity killed the cat".
the fire breathing dragon guy from yoga bit made me nearly spit out my milk tea all over my keyboard
What movie is this I’m so interested !!! Love your videos steph !!!
Tanggang!!??????
35:55 VW anyone? No? Haha sorry
I think number 9 was the current time for the women and that she was living through number 9, so mabye it was rented because she's in it
I ended up making dukbokki and pork belly for dinner just because I watched your video from yesterday and this one. Satisfied! :)
?? hi
Honestly, you’re the only mukbang channel I watch ??
I HAVENT EVEN SEEN LA LA LAND BISSH ??
Love how your fiancee is so open to eating with you with anything.
Am I the only person going crazy because I can’t find the film she’s talking about???
Bruuhhhh I just realized that you don’t even need music to make your videos exciting because your personality is so entertaining lol
Girl where in k town ?? ????????
Does anyone know what the film is? Thank you’ also love you biss, your stories and mukbangs are my favorite ??
I don’t like cup ramen because of the taste of the cup lol
testing
Can we seeee stephiance when u hit 500k:):):)
seriously spicy rice cakes are my fav and that looks sooooo good!!
Been googling the name of the movie T_T Can't find it. Help!
Where do you get this at!! I live in cali and i really want to try this!
what movie???!!!!
* says that Captain America is gonna survive * Gurllll you about to be shook..
girls singing doesn't happen in real life but when animals sing it's somehow realistic ????????????
just wanted to watch infinity war for the first time after this vid like i love you but pls put a spoil disclaimer before you gonna spoil something bihhhh
“she got bags under her eyes and they are not designer”????DEAD
lol
Lol the beginning tho she is so funnnny i love this challenge
what was the movie called?
*fav
Fan mukbanger
I’m crying... when you rolled your eyes so hard to your fiancé at the end. LITERALLY ME when my boyfriend doesn’t agree with me ...??
She could have just asked them to hold it,
Elon musk stepped down
I tasted it before and It was so spicy lol
But what is the movie tho?
I also wen to Yupdduk LA but girl the mild for me was way too spicy and I actually do spicy.
I really want to try some!!! But I don’t know anywhere near where I live where I can buy some.????
I KNOW WHAT BANANA MILK SONG YOU'RE TALKING ABOUT. and honestly the story kinda spooked me but that's also bc I'm a scaredy cat asdfgh.
i love the lights in the background stephanie! ??
that looks really freaking good. i mostly wanna try the fried veggies ??
I'm not on board with kid Mukbangs because they're so awkward to watch. Also, there are some channels where you can clearly see which child is their parent's favorite. It makes me feel so bad. Especially when they're all together and one kid just sits there silently because the other is the center of attention. ??
Kid asmr is a bit iffy but mukbang is just eating
omg this creeped me tf out
biss the lights are so beautifuuul im tellin you biss you are so good at this
Actually I did not like it too. I could not watch it till the end.
Omg where did you get the poor tuna rice bowl? That’s everything I want now.
You should travel to korea and have a food tour
When I'm reading a book. I always read the last page. I have to know if it ends happy before I actually read it.
please what is the name of this movie???
bold strikethrough underscore
Loving the twinkles in the back ground Biss! Xoxo
No think because she changed her future, destiny self corrected itself and put her in a no future scenario!
Am i the only one thats says the intro with her ?????? i love you bishhh
I'm convinced that mr mango butt is really marshmellow that's why we cant kno him
Queen of slut nation
Omg Steph you're so close to 500k????
Are those raw tuna or like canned tuna?
shrek the musical is an undefeated musical
I hate lalaland too you're not alone
I love this!
i’ve been wanting to try rice cakes but there are no places to get it around where i live :( and i live an hour away from LA so no one will go with me that far lol
I've always wanted to know 2 things from her: 1. Whats her lip product?! The color is so pretty also it stays on the lip forever istg 2. Whats that pink donut thingy at the back seriously tell me?!!!
How is she not at 1 million subscribers yet all you bisses need to subscribe
Funniest yoga story! ?????? I would have died laughing ??????
That was a crazy story omg ??
???? ???? ?? ?? ????
I study in a film academy and trust me la la land is real shit
Without watching the video go to 12:28 ?????????????? I'M GONNA DIE ????
Next March design “THIS IS PERTINENT TO THE STORY” ????
I love that the milk says low fat milk meanwhile this biss is eating pure carbs ??????
ive never watched lalaland ??
This was a creepy story ugh! Glad BlockBuster is closed lol I used luv that place, they had a lot of weird video's.
Stephanie you’re so dramatic when telling a story .. I love it ????????????????
I would not want to know at all when or how I die. Butttttttttt gun to head I'd choose how bc knowing when I die would give me a heart attack bc then it's like I'm just waiting for the day. If i know how then at least I can dodge the paranoia of it. I would be upset if i knew when i was gna die and it was like within a year or something.
LMAO I hated la la Land too. ??
I also hate when they start prancing around singing!????
This looks so good! Which restaurant is this from?
Bisssssss! You gotta film a Persian food mukbang!!
Lol, i never comment but I have to this time. Anybody realize that Stephiance had 1st egg then he asked Steph if she wanted the 2nd egg, Steph said it was still steaming so “can you put it outside” then continue with her story. Stephinace end up picking up the 2-half of the 2nd egg. ?????? i just think that is so cute!!!! :))))))
She always laughs at his broken English lol You're gonna born
Imagine if Stephanie’s fiancée turned out to be dong from keemi
What do you put in your counter to make it sparkle like that?
YES!!!! I love when steph speaks Korean!!! ????
I didn't like La La Land either, it was boring af. Most overrated movie of the past decade tbh
Is it weird that am 17 and I used to go blockbuster like all the time lol??????
By the way Capitan America can die in the next movie, because Chris didnt sign the contract
wait omg i'm the same tho i cannot go watch a movie at the theatre if i hate the ending kjabsdfkjbagkbja
bisss, what is the film?
Takes me almost an entire day to finish your video when you upload ??
Yeah lala land sucked
this was such a good storytime bissss
And im sitting here eating a hit pocket???? it’s still kinda fire tho??
HOW IS SHE SO THIN JAKCKSSK skfkskakak
hi
I think this all happened because she watched the tapes and couldn't let go :-|
??? ?? ??? ??????!!!???
i used to go to blockbuster ALL the time and i’d never actually rent anything i’d just walk around looking at all the DVDs
What’s better,that guy who eats with you or food?
Hi I love your videos! There I comment in bold ;)
I just noticed the pretty lights on your right background I love them ??
BISH OMG!!!! I hate La La Land too!! I love you even more ????
She was gonna end that way or another. She did not altered the future or what, it was her future to skip the episodes. It was her future to do all that so that the video can come true. Love your video, sm.
The whole situation would have been solved if Chloe had told the people working at the Blockbuster to call her when the ninth DVD comes in and put it on hold for her, without ever watching the later DVDs
Gorilla sound and rectangle mouth ?????????? man im crackin up like siiiit
Girl you need to refer to another successful person other than Elon Musk??????
????LMFAOOOOO ”Don’t skip episodes”
Hey Stephanie! I have recently just started watching you and I can’t stop!! Your stories are always so interesting and your food always looks so great!! I’m glad I found your channel!!! Keep up your amazing work!!! Thank you <3
What's this movie?
I think everyone’s destiny is death and I would know rather know when I die that how I die
like disssss
Steph... What date is your birthday date this month?
You are sooo underrated???
PLEASE DO A UNDER COVER FAN PAGE ??
either she would hv to deal with her fiance walking out on her if not a bigger problem came her way....it only got worse
I didn't like LaLa Land either. It was so dang slow haha.
gurl same! i thought la la land was mediocre. i went to see it with a friend whom i thought was enjoying it but as it turned out he hated it more than i did lmao we could’ve just seen another movie then
Peed myself laughing at the yoga story
Your videos always manage to put a smile on my face even when I'm the crankiest. I'm currently busy with my finals... so i may or may not have been watching your videos EVERYDAY now... ??
YES, I WILL MARRY YOU
I'mma trigger some people.... Our BISS is CANCELLED ????
The way you are describing the man's breathing it seems like he was doing "dragon breathing." We teach kids to do it to get out excess energy and to "breathe out bad emotions."
I dislike kid mukbangs/Asmr channels, I hate them so much honestly, they’re too young and it’s dangerous on the internet. I honestly think you shouldn’t be able to post videos if you’re under 15.
I miss blockbuster
I think some kid mukbangs are cute but I kind of feel like a perv watching some little kid that's not mine
please do your fiance's face reveal!
I have a feeling I know who Steph doesn’t Stan. That particular mukbang family ??????
but how come the girls that she overheard in the bus that also watched it didnt die????!!?!! so many questionsssss
Tbh I think more of the people watching kids mukbangs more than the kid doing it.
When she started telling the yoga story about the guy making noises when he breathed out, THIS is all I could thing about ... https://youtu.be/HsvyjePPFRs
Tbh I didn't like La La Land either :/
I hate musicals too. And I hated La La Land. ??
12:53 creepiness
I'm actually not a fan of little children mukbangs... not even because of the parent and business relationship but because adults can consent to eating such large amounts of food and accept the consequences but its so unhealthy for children to do so... In other news... THOSE RICE CAKES LOOK BOMB AF
Can I Call You Stephie
STEPHANIE
steph: I am a full blown korean mukbanger stephiancé: but you are a- korean mukbanger nervous laugh
"Anytime o drink it with white People" bisj you mean Americans. Stop acting like all white people speak only English. I swear, Americans are all about that casual racism...
I HATE kid mukbangs.
I have the same opinion on musicals ??
that don't you leave me moment almost killed me ??????
after hearing stephiance speak chinese im suddenly curious about how stephs intros would sound in chinese xDD
PleaSssseeeeeeeeeeeee keep ur distance drom the camera like this foreve
Oh my god I haven't watched mommytang in a while
"don't skip episodes." I felt that
that banana flavor in the milk comes from isoamyl acetate. i just did the experiment to make that last week lol
im pretty sure i know which one you dont like, it must be Mak, that red head girl, i find her extremely uncomfortable, i feel like alot of her subscribers are pedos and it creeps me out
i believe in destiny so yaaa all ways takes you to that last point or if your destiny is to be in that place you will be either youre a murderer or a police officer for example?
A mukbang video with David So and just speaking Korean to each other would be awesome ??
IM SO PISSED IM NOT EATING THAT RIGHT NOW
lmao theres so many ppl in the comments asking what the movie is ugh i wanna know too
this is pertinent to the story that should be a T-shirt ????
I think it’s because she altered it
did she just spoiler me black panthers death
"Gorilla Noises" ????
when she said the milk reminds her of a song, I thought she would sing Power Up by RedVelvet.........
LOVE YOU
i remember blockbuster... my mom used to work there and once brought me home a hello kitty vhs movie, and i loved that movie so much i hid that shit in my bed LOL
I fucking hated Lala land it was SO BORING! I usually stick a film out to the end, but I had to turn it off lol.
BISHH WE NEED MORE RICECAKE MUKBANG
I thought I was the only one who didn't like La La Land!
Right after infinity wars ended, I checked IMDb to see who was listed in the cast for the next movie. Everyone is back. Worst. Kept. Secret. Ever ??
Bisss I was born in 2002 and I remember those vhs players
I absolutely agree with you about kids mukbangs, those videos really piss me off. They simply are not capable to give an informed consent because they don't know what it really means to them and the possible outcomes. They are not doing it for money, I highly doubt that they do it for pleasure, they're just doing what their parents ask them to do. Those parents really need to think twice before putting their young kids on social media, especially mukbangs, it's feeding into pedophile culture.
i missed stephiance!!
"Don't skip the episode" omg so true Stephiance. once i skip even only one episode of every dramas i watched, im just gonna stop. i don't even finish them until i get to watch the episode im supposed to watch ??
I love you queeeeen ??
Gosh the cheese looks so good!
Is that a movie she talked about? And if yes does someone know it’s name ?
Lala land sucks honestly
I dont know have you seen yummybitesTV, not just having they kids (teen) to do mukbang regularly, but it really bother me when I saw they try to get their 7yr artistic kid to do mukbang... not cool
what is the movies name?
sameeee...i'm not a fan of Lalaland!!!
The whole time I was just staring at Stephanie's big ass chopsticks. ????
For my sanity can someone give me the name of the movie she was describing??
WHERE DO YOU FIND SUCH GOOD STORIES STEPH?!?!
I’ve noticed that Stephanie doesn’t know how to hold chopsticks properly
how is stephanie talking with all of that yummy food in front of her.... is she crazy? my mouth is watering.
I love your videos Steph! but the crime and horror stories are almost in every video, maybe sharing some different stories? ??
Great start, sis??????????
I Hate lalaland xDxDxD
I need those lights on your counter , it’s so mesmerizing
Omggg what’s the movies name? I want to watch it
I like the lights on the counter
Kids mukbangs is good for kids... Cause a lot of kids don't like to eat or don't want to because a lot of reasons... Not good ones. And i think when kids see other kids eat it makes them wanna eat
Cancelled
too much talking tsssss
500k all the way soon???
i don’t like it when humans are singing HAHAHAHAHAHAHA
I haven't watch the greatest showman
Don't worry I don't like la la land and high school musical
Im 15 btw love your video's though you always have me dying in laughter
Steph should do a mukbang entirely in Korean and add subtitles for us bisses who don't understand. Just a kdrama and kpoplover speaking ??
what.. Chloe in Japan? I'm scared :(
Did anyone realise she changed the thumbnail
Can anyone link the story to me about the woman
I agree with your hubby if she would have waited for nine and not skipped then she would have been okay but since she skipped it she fucked her life up.
*what I commented this hearing stephiance said on how to type in bold and it does not work. I am too dumb for internet
Is this from YuppDuk ? I think that’s what it’s called
I so agry with you on lala land... I couldn't go through the half of it... I even thought about giving it a second chance but I just don't like "musical" (unless it's a thriller)... Maybe it's one of those movies where you either love it or hate it
Thought she was going to sing 'Power Up' by Red Velvet
bitch are you those kind of people who watch the endings first and skip all the plots and suspense? CANCELLED UNSTAN ssksjdksjds
lol that movie you were talking about reminds me of the Truman show
The tapes altered her future. The missing episode was on purpose and thus her end was inevitable. That's my thought. Honestly though, I thought she was in jail cuz she killed the boyfriend or something.
I hate Lalaland too, it's so boring. But I love High School Musical still.
I hate Harry Potter
Love yah steph!!
I didn't like la la land either... dont understand the hype
I’m dying to try this dish !! ?? but I live in South Africa and can’t seem to find anything similar. I even tried to make my own from one of your videos but don’t think i got it right because of the ingredients ?? But a bisss makes me hungry x
hey, I recently saw a spicy challenge called the Culley's hottest ramen challenge, it is supposed to be the spiciest in the world. they said it was hotter than the 2x. maybe check out the videos to see if that is something that you would try???
Hi Stephanie, I've never really commented before, but just wanted to say thank you for everything you post on both of your channels. Your videos are the best part of my day, I turn them on when I need to smile or just to feel less alone. You're always there. Keep making great videos, and making people smile. Love ya bisss ??
oh mai watching ur vids everyday has actually made me a happier person!!!
Soooo trueee about the musicals!! hahaha
Your intro lol ??????
I think the number nine DVD with her waiting outside the store for the DVD to come to the store but since she never saw it she didn’t understand in the moment that she was living out DVD number nine
LMAOOOOOOO THE GUY BREATHING OUT LIKE THAT HAS ME DEAD
I THOUGHT I was the only one who hated lalaland holy shit , and the thing is I LOVE musicals but Lalaland was the most boring musical/movie I’ve EVER SEEN I NOW FEEL MORE CONNECTED TO U BISSSS
She said ..umm I'm busy right now and looked like..ummm TF!! ????
Bis you need to cook more then mukbang I miss those
I also didn't like la la land!! Definitely unpopular opinion
lmaoo am i the only one that notices steph switching her chopsticks
like if you want me to email her a story of my mother's plus my 2 brothers and i life, she had passed when I was 16 tho so this is just memories of what ive been told plus grandmas memorization 0n it but it's how me and my 3 brothers all have weird father stories oldest who father had died and been adopted never met, one who had died and who got murdered while my brother was their and finally one who was a physco abusive stalking kidnapping father.
You're so pretty and funny ? new subscriber here!
The story is from japanese ???????? xD
Since you like xiaolongbao so much. Here is how to make a giant dumpling! https://youtu.be/dA2MzbrXcAQ
Him: Does your mom tell you not to play with your food? LMFAOO I ALMOST DIED AT THAT QUESTION LOL ??
I have so much love for you guys. Wish I could fly my ass over there and eat with you. Completely agree with you about kids doing mukbang. Lost my mind laughing about the yoga guy! ??????
"The bigs black blox." ~quote by Stephanie Soo, describing a vhs player (2k18) @ 13:59 like what is english ??????
What's the movie though?
Stephanie Soo is that BISS ???? for the best mukbangs with BOMB ASS storytimes
Steph's goal in life is to get the perfect cheese-pull! LOL
<3
You're right about the ramen. Cup ramen is only 1 serving. The packages are usually 2 servings worth.
You should try Turkisch food! Its SO GOODD!!??
Was it just me that was staring at that one mozzarella stick that looked like a pimple?
Where can I buy myself this dish?!?
Omg mommy tang I miss her. I never knew what happened to her.
You made me laugh with the yoga story
@40:38 Stephanie - "Well you know me, I gotta make this boy's dreams come through" LMAOOO????
Stephanie is my favourite mukbanger of all time ?
This story was so interesting ??????
I dnt like it either!!!
I dnt like it either!!!
I heard u said potato milk I think????
id just watch the last DVD episode to know the ending then leave the rest of the episodes out and just watch how my life progresses to get to that final episode
Yoga in America is incredibly Americanized lol Most classes make people think yoga is an exercise, but its not. Flexibility and strength is just a benefit of doing yoga, its meant for you to access a deeper part of the self.
PLS STOP SAYING BANANA SO MANY TIMES HAHAHAHAHAH, I cannot help it but think about Power Up, Red velvet's song and sing it myself... It's 6:35 in the morning, my mom is going to kill me HAHAHAHAHAH
Omgosh bisss this looks damn yummy!! Great video!! Much love ?????
She shouldn't have followed that lady clearly that will land you in jail. He's right don't watch the ending without seeing everything else.
TESTING
I don't like lala land too....
I know which kid mukbanger you hate lol bc I’ve seen her and i think exactly the same thing
Stephanie is me while trying to tell a story ?? I tell like 6 unrelated stories before I actually tell the one that I'm suppose to tell ???????
IVE NEVER SEEN STEPHANIE SO CLOSE TO THE CAMERA WITH HER FOOD LOL BISSSS YASSSSS FLAWLESSS!! <333
???????? Stephanie's reaction to the man who was breathing like a gorilla in yoga had me weak ??
I don’t like la la land either!
Breathe in through the nose, breathe out through the mouth Stephanie: AHHHRRRRRR
*just trying to type in bold
whats the name of the show/movie
What movie is that?
The yoga guy sounds like a vaccum cleaner ????
YAAAAS BIIIIIIISSSSSSSS this was the video I needed. I am taking those lil rice cakes outta my freezer as soon as I get home from this trip and spicing them right up!
Love u????????
Banana milk sounds so bomb and I love your videos ??
Does anyone know the name of this movie?
yo i feel the same about the kid mukbangs, it makes me feel weird
She was living episode 9
you should totally do a mukbang in korean!
the zoom-ins BISS IM DEAD ??
I agree.did not lke lala land i miss blockbuster and rogers videos love all ur videos and stories
WOAHHHHHH BISSSSSHHHH! New lights in the back?! Didn’t even notice it til 20 mins in, but hella cute??
What movie is dis?????
I would’ve watched the next tape before confronting the boyfriend to see if it gets better first before changing everything tbh
Bissss!!! can you please start listing in the description what restaurant(s) you get that good good from? bc I live in LA and I want some too ?????
I feel the same about children mukbangs and never watch them. I don't feel comfortable with children overeating especially :S
Today I saw Stephiance in my dream but now I can’t recall his face ??
The little kid mukbangs are cringey AF. I’m a mother of two little girls who are 4 and almost 3 and I would NEVER exploit them like that. Don’t get me wrong some kids just have IT* That star factor; born to entertain or whatever but idk. I just feel like it’s more the parent forcing them, taking advantage of the child’s innocence and liking of YouTube.
Steph where is this from in ktown??????
ripped the front of the container off to get the shot _
I hate kids doing mukbangs or asmr. I think it's too weird specially since the internet is a weird place and everyone who thinks it's okay is just blind. Like have you seen the cop asmr lifewithmak made? That shit is so wrong, I would never allow that sort of stuff with my kids in it be out there if I were a parent
Anyone knw the movie title
“Captain America is gonna live” Ugh probably not and it’s fucking depressing T^T
YAAASSSS BISS. Currently eating samyang carbo fire noodles, rice cakes, w/cheese watching this video.
She should have rewatched tape 8
that "oi" when she dropped the ddeok in the beginning LOL
Omfg I went to a hot yoga session one time and there was a guy who literally did the same exact thing as your yoga guy LOL I’m still shook afff
Please do the Chiong Sisters and Paco Larranaga story in the Philippines
Omg when you mentioned Mommy Tang I got so sad since she hasn't posted a video in like 2 years
Bisss you look on fleek
Giiirrrlll! I love musicals/Broadway and I hated La La Land hahaha it was too hyped tbh so you good we all can be cancelled! Lol jk
Stephanie you should do a video topic on the comfort women back in World War 2!
I usually dislike coming of age movies too, except for John Hughes movies
I DIDN'T KNOW BLACK PANTHER DIED
The kid channels are for kids to watch lol my niece is not allowed to watch adults because you never know what an adult is gonna say
pertinent.. drink upppp :D
Blockbuster was amazing! Do you remember Hollywood Studios? Same concept if you have never heard of it. They're all closed down; it made me so sad! :(
Could u start putting where u get the food lol?
I feel a Kpop Superstar coming from you, the Mukbang/ Story telling/ drama/ superstar.... THAT IS SO UNIQUE, JUST LIKE YOU....
Stephiance's voice at the end is ??
HEYY BISSSS ?? you should do a cook with Stephanie
Idk if any one else does this but my family slices bananas and put them literally in milk and sugar. That's how I imagine that taste like. Sounds delicious!!!!
I love the ending you guys are so cute
Am I the only one who wonders of her fiance gets turned on realizing how much food she can fit in jer mouth!!???
Guys it is not a good idea to watch when ur fussing starving????????
I think it was fate all along. because why would she just one-day stubble upon her own life story. Obviously, she was meant to find it and watch. Why else would the 9th video be missing? It was not was supposed to be found if jail was her fate. ??
“Cheese mozzarella sticks” bis really lol
I like the way she say banana ??
you're my nightly get in bed and watch you ritual.. that sounds creepy but i like it like dat.. hahahaha <3 bissssss i love ya.. you gotta say banana milk like a korean "panana..." lol
Don't worry, i couldnt even finish lala land and fell asleep throughout the movie. I don't get the hype with that movie and i heard the most popular song from the movie and it sucked..haha
I miss blockbusters! Ahhhhh...miss those days lol <3
haha I didn’t know to comment in bold either
The food looks so good ?? Also I agree with the kid mukbang thing ?? Love you Steph! ?? ??
Stephanie, you're so good at story telling
I love how Stephiance said “You’re cancelled” ????
Where do you get banana milk?!????!
I'm so jealous of all of the delicious food you get to eat!!!
Where did you get this??!! I need to know?!?
What does your fiancé mean with “vhs is before my time”? Dude I’m almost 20 and I still have my favorite cartoons in vhs tapes...
I hate la la land too
no veggie no rolled LOL
Love your videos hugs
Cow would only be holy if jesus was a cow????
Stephhhhh pleaseeeee, I really am going to ask again. If you can please list the restaurant where you get thee dishes from. Pleeaasseeeee lmao ??
Y'all got me laughing throughout this whole mukbang the ending tho "Can I live my daydream life?"??
How old is Mrmangobutt??????
I always feel a little weirded out whenever I see little kids doing mukbang lol
so stephiance lasted doing the whole dun dun mukbang wooh intro for like, 1 episode :(
Ive been craving spicy rice cakes ??
Am I the only one who used to slipping the movies in those metal slots? When I was a little kid I would love doing that for my mom. Another fun fact I was scared of those Joker posters, and I remember my brother used to tease me about it.. XD
You look like a zombie eating intestines bis
this is fr my new favorite video from stephanie “aAHhHhHh” ??????????? LOL had me dying not even half way into the video
So what's the movie called?
TRUE LOVE IS WHEN HE GIVES YOU THE EGG ???
Omg you're so cute! I love youuu also hahahah ur obsession with cheese is life
Love ya bissss????
The intro steph ?? ?? ?? Luv u ?? ?
I bet my story of my life would be a time lapse of me sitting in front of my computer ??
Dat some crazy story yo. You know what I talking
*Hi *i *love *you *videos
???????
Stephanie make a podcastttttttttttttttt
i kinda really like how you start off with a story time that you were involved in then a conspiracy
2:00-2:06 I can't stop replaying??
Lol anybody else felt like she was dissing Veronia Wang when she said wannabe Korean mukbangers or just me?
Yes!! I love this!! Looks so good!! Your a queen!!
Did
What the fffffff
I love your videos! You're just so chill and outgoing, but were exactly do you get your stories from? They're so interesting always leave me thinking.... Please let me know thanks in advance ????
If i live in Houston, where can i get Korean food??? Watching you makes me want to try spicy rice cakes sooo bad
Been watching you for a few weeks now and love your videos. Love the stories and I literally look forward to watching your videos at the end of the day. You make me crave korean food so bad. I don’t get to eat it as much since I don’t live near my mom anymore ??
is the story true story?
She’s asian but she can’t use her chopsticks right????
Maybe thats how yoga is.... AHHHHH
WAIT WHAT!!!
What brand of banana milk are you drinking?
????????????????????????
I love you Stephanie, but there is 2.5 servings in a ramen package and the cup noodles are supposed to be one serving. ;)
I understand what you are saying about the kids mukbangs. I just think it’s weird to put kids to eat on camera? Like you said they don’t know what’s going on. But if some parents get profit out of it they don’t mind exploiting they’re children to creeps on the internet. Anyways I love you bisssss
I love how you act like you're not a real Korean mukbanger?? you are though
who else wants to know what movie this is ??
anyone know the name of the movie she's talking about?
What movie is this ?
Omg she is iPhone she skips number 9 lol
whats the title of the jap movie pls
I don’t like Aubrey the little girl when she mukbang I feel like she is being forced sorta
WHEEEERE in ktown can i GET THIS ??
food looks so good
LALA LAND IS NOT THAT GREAT
WHERE IN KTOWN IS THE TTEOK FROM ??
Biss
what is the title of the story
She was so going to end up in jail, she probably would have killed her fiancé and his baby mamma
PLEASE what movie is the story about
Kid
I don’t like them but I thought you were a ??
choosing stephanie over my homework ??
Can you do a Japanese food mukbang? ??
WHAT MOVIE
I’m hungry after eating so much I should not be watching this
The lights in the back look so cute!!!?
testing out bold print Edit: It works! ??
Hey bis ! You should do chinese food sometime
Lmfao I don’t think I could ever get my hubby to do yoga with me
Hey Stephanie are you going to do a part to the story you told a few days ago about the girl who ran away from home
This story was soooo good! ! ! ! ! ! !
What restaurant is the tteobokki from??
*bold lol
Hey bis ! You should do chinese food sometime
Does anyone know what movie she is talking about???
Omgggggg am I so old that I didn't need an explanation of what blockbuster was???? And it was during my time! Lol
only asians would know the struggle of trying to pick up a rice cake with chopsticks
Where in LA did you get the food at?
Steph you are a Korean mukbanger you’re the best bb ??
FINALLY!!!! LALALAND SUCKS SO HARD!!!!
I knoww you talkin bout the candoosLOL
WHAT STORY IS THAT HUHUHU I NEED TO READ IT TOO
The twinkle lights in the background are super adorable
oohhh bisss thanks stephfiance for telling me how to bold wordsss
when he says "banana milk?" she just said "yea" and just continued on XD dead
Why am I late? Sleep ??
What's the name of the movie?
I've never had rice cakes before. looks so good!
Omg young kids doing mukbangs are weird! I think I know which girl your talking about! It totally creeped me out when I saw her eating those rice cakes! Like come on! Gross and totally exploitative!!!
BA BANANA BA BA BA NA NA NA BA BANANA BA BA BA NA NA NA
*bisss
Im looking for the story everywhere! Stephanie please tell me what its called !!!
Stephiance! You do you boo! Do your “dun dunnn “ “ woo!” HEHE dont change for anyone else ! ???? i love you both , always??
I loved thiiiissss ??
I used to love going to Blockbuster! ???
Isn't it cause that worker guy's action told her it was the 9th dvd? Or it was the 9th episode to whatever that murdered lady got and She just wasn't specific in when she asked if that lady just rented it out? But I mean if she was waiting there for days after returning hers, wouldn't the employees know what she wanted and be able to give a clear answer if that was the DVD she was waiting for? That part threw me off!
omg im hungry, those rice cakes look amazing! ??????
I dare you to love this comment
Finally someone who dislikes la la land
Bisss i don't wanna know how i die or when i die????
Mommytang is Coming Backkkkk! ??
Lala land SUCKED. I really didn’t enjoy it either.
AAHH I NEED TO KNOW WHAT MOVIE THIS IS
I wanna watch that movie so bad now wtf
Like I love NE Let's Eat and her kids cause they seem to actually enjoy eating and talking in front of a camera. While like channels that have toddlers or babies eat normal adult food, it concerns me since I'm a nutrition major and like the little toddlers or kids should not be eating spicy ramen and high carb foods that have such strong flavors, since they're growing they should be introduced to neutral healthy foods. Since they're so young and it can develop into bad eating habits for when they become older. Like at times you can tell the parents are kinda forcing them to try trendy foods, but it's really harmful to the kid's diet
Biss please
ooohhh a bis got faNCY LIGHTS
YOU SHULD DO A MEGA MUKBAG 2x THE AMOUNT YOU NORMALLY EAT
Block buster and family video we’re my life as a child
YESSS IVE BEEN WAITING FOR THIS MUKBANG I LOVE YOUUUUU??
I definitely think she altered her future when she broke up with her boyfriend.
Why didn’t she just rent all of them at the same time like boom ya gotta catch em all
I got these weird sweet potato infused rice cakes with mozzarella cheese inside...I feel like i should make them now...
I don't like kid asmr is just weird even at 13
Come for the Mukbang, stay for the Conspiracy
* Your videos are literally in my night time routine????
I wish I could do a mukbang with her and remember when your scared ?? just breathe like a gorilla
Omg I hate musicals so much! Everyone always gives me crap about hating musicals but I find them so boring.
wait why didnt she rewatch dvd 8 since she altered her future that tape would have been different
Nice!! I never knew how to do this!! ??
Where can I watch the movie you are talking about? I am so interested to watch the movie:D
I just want to know, WAS SHE WATCHING THIS SERIES WHEN BLOCKBUSTERS ALLOWED YOU TO HOLD DVD'S!!?! CAUSE THEN BISS WHY DIDN'T SHE JUST HOLD IT THEN WAIT TO GET THE PHONE CALL THAT ITS BACK IN!!?!
That’s why there’s no more blockbuster. The doctor shut them down before madness descended upon us all.
I mean... how can you say it’s the best spicy rice cakes and not share where you got it from! haha I’m drooling
I always love your intros becuz my parents always look at me like I’m crazy when they hear your intros
I was thinking the same about the films than stephfiance!
Lol I hope that we both hate the same girl mukbanger ??????
Ugh I'm salivating ??????
I have made it my goal in life to try cheesy rice cakes.
If it were possible to know the future, I wouldn't want to know
As soon as she said “she’s too young to consent” I already knew who she was talking about
I don’t like la la land either.... I also don’t like the greatest showmen??
Where did you get all of this? Like what store bc this looks hella bombbbb
I had such a bad day at school with a teacher today but seeing ur upload makes me happy
yaaassss LUV U STEPHANIEEEEE!!
you're cancelled jkk i love you steph <3
Why... am I ALWAYS LATEEEEE
Yummy!!!!!!
Where did you get those bomb looking tteokbokki? My ass is about to drive to K-town and devour them!!!
i guess her ending is in the jail.if she not change her future she might kill her fiance or that pregnant women. thats my opinion. lol. btw love your videos stephanie. i wantch it every time i want to eat.????????
okay i didn't like La La Land either BUT i FREAKING LOVED The Greatest Showman!
I love your story time steph
I hate kid mukbangers, specially when they're too young to know what they're doing because there are some weird people out there...
I live in La too, I WANNA MEET YOUU
You know jeffree star omgggg
def not into kid mukbangs
You are so funny I love you ??????????
Lol I absolutely loved this
Muita fome !
I want to try that place!????
canceled
I love your vids but is it just me or does she always has a story from japan china or a place like that?
I don't care for Lala Land either, but love the actors and actresses
I literally watch you everyday! You get me thru the week ??
omg rice cakes it’s been so long
did she get this from yupdduk?
i’m here!!!! miss me cause i missed your dun dun mukbang ????
Did she already decorate for Christmas cause I Stan
Omg yasssss i love spicy rice cake !! Love your daily uploads !
Oh my gawd!! My brother invited me to yoga and that was my first and last class! He was a mouth breather and I COULD NOT TAKE IT lol
she’s so pretty ????
I love your channel it's the best thing I discovered in a while! ????
All he got out of it is don't skip episodes. Lol!!!
hah
omg you watch mommytang too?!
I wish we were irl friends, we would have soooooo many food dates!!! ??
i hate kids mukbang and asmr omg...
This is pertinent to the story!!!
Kinda reminds me of Soumatou Kabushiki Gaisha
Stick too this shistar steph you tell good scary stories
Haha I know why she went to jail !!
ME TOO SIS * Gets Cancelled*
“Don’t you ever leave me”??????
Where’d you buy this? I’ve been looking for a place in la to buy it!
Where did you buy that tteokbokki???
Would you consider having Mango and Tiger do a mukbang? I like dogs mukbang. Only if they agree obviously.
K, Stephiance has ASMR worthy voice, it's like deep and sounds manly. I also really love his Chinese. :)
What movie is this
I really wanna be friends with stephanie so i can get good food :p
Who else thought steph was gonna sing ba banana ba ba banananana from red velvet power up?
i love you sooooo much
I feel so close
I think she changed her fate when she broke up with him.
damn that ICONIC performance in the beginning of the video.. grammy worthy
How does Stephanie eat the messiest food ever and not get her makeup dirty or her clothes. But I’m over here eating a damn chicken nugget and after one bite I have grease all over my face and my shirt ??
bisssss, u always eating good. aspiring to be like u.
A bisss be so classy
Omggggg! I love Emma Stone and Ryan Gosling so much, but I didn’t like La La Land at all! I found it so boring and I still don’t understand the hype behind it.
?
I hate lala land and musicals too! My best friend made me watch lala land and during it she was like "it's sooo good, right?!" I was like..."NO ??" lolol.
hey
I am new subscriber, and love how often you post. ????????????
I can never find good Korean food bc I live in a fricking VILLAGE in OHIO, I need to move
aw i never got the notif for this??
Good morning from the PH!!!
I hate lalaland SO MUCH
My sister and I say “biss” all the time cus of you lol and Stephiance did the “dun dun...woo” lol we were spoiled yesterday with him saying the whole thing
Oh my... I heard yupdduk is 5000 calories...
Unless you’re also a kid watching a kid do a mukbang I don’t really see why you’d want to watch a kid doing a mukbang in the first place.
Omg yammmmm ??????
Girl u need to give me the address where u get ur food cuz I love me some rice cake and I’m coming to LA soon so please tell me where u getting these food! Love u!
Please tell me where did u get the lights on your counter. I've been looking for light like these
I swear my day got better omg i loveee youuuuuui want to eat theis food too
I actually LOVE your Korean, you sound so pretty. Haha, love you bisss.
is this from Yup Duk? Looks delicious~~
I want stephiance in my tteokbokki Ahahaha (fully clothed for a handshake)
Biiiiiiiissss yeeeeess omg!!??
Steph always makes me sooo hungry omg
One day I will get to try this!!
I was just thinking about fried veggies
9:49 - 9:54 BISSS ????
I want to eat that. Also, LMFAOOO YOU'RE SO FUNNY STEPH. :'))
U know the food is good when stefiance can’t stop his chopsticks from getting the food every 3 seconds
BANANA MILK MY LOVE AHHH
I heard “??” from my favorite mukbanger’s channel ,so nice??
Bissssss I really want to try this ????????
YOUR CANCELED But yet again I never saw La La Land so...??????
Chloe was definitely going to jail one way or the other. If her man ran off with his side hoe. Maybe she would’ve went to jail doing something to them instead. I don’t want to know how I die or when. But I’d rather know when I’ll die. But what if you live your life knowing you’ll die on this day and you die doing something you would never do but did because you knew you were going to die that day? Like knowing all this is what got you killed? You feel me? Lol
I rather know when I die
You should do Jamaican foods ??
It happened because she changed the future ??
I’m hungry tbh .... I want pineapple BUT I LOVE UR STORY TIMES!!!!!!
I feel like some people enjoy mukbang in a sexual kind of way and a child mukbang makes me worried for the child’s life. I’m a parent and I wouldn’t allow it
I’m late ... but I made it haha
Notif on! ??
I just moved from Korean town to the valley and I miss hMart so much ??
Stephiance' is right. Never ever skip an episode.
HAHAHA BISSS WHEN YOU TALKED ABOUT RECTANGLE MOUTH YOGA GUY I DIED OMG HAHAHAHA
i it sooo rare for me to notice stephanie starts a sentence and not finish it.. “ that sound is tiger ?? itching himself and hitting the...” i don’t know why but i dying for some strange out of this world crazy ??
Ahh I missed you ty for posting????
Don't worry steph I also hate Lalaland... a couple minutes in I got bored already. I love the actors I just dont like the storyline. It was a DRAG.
That moment “dum dum” and you hear the fiancé’s voice and you know it will be a great video ????
Hii I'm a big fan
Is it just me or do they say so good SO MUCH still ly
I love Stephanie Soo BISSSSS?? love from N.C.
I literally want to sit and eat with you every day! I always watch your videos when I’m eating! ??????
I hate lalala land
Ooo I’m craving Korean rice cakes!!!??
This biss is slowly losing her mind. I love her.
Does anyone know what the story/movie about the girl who rents the DVD’s about her life is called?? Really interested in seeing/reading it
Oh shitttttttt yaaaaaaaaz
Yes queen
Youtube needs to step up their game because I never get any notifications anymore??
I love you biss
Same a few of these kiddie mukbangers set me off. ???
cutting the container... smart. <3 mukbang hacks
Hey biss my notifications have been off and I’m not living for it??
I think I saw the yoga man in your Instagram stories! I remember one in the back while you were drinking ??
????????
IM HERE BEFORE 1 HOUR AYUOIDFEAGHUOADHFUIHADF
Plot Twist : the DVDs were a social experiment ??
also the countertop behind is sparkling
sssss
I neeed to mf try spicy rice cakes smh
Ramen always tastes better in a cup #fact ??
Yas bish
My favorite people ??????
OMFG YES!!! BA NANANA BA NANANA WOOYOUUU!!! I KNOW WHAT YOU ARE TALKING ABOUT!!!!!
Can you do a story time about bad breakups ????
Hi
This is going to be good!!!
I also hate lalaland, I fell asleep watching it. It was so cringy and boring
Even when I have a horrible cold, you still make me laugh my badonkadonk off
OMFG YAS
i think im earlyyy yes
????
why does her food always look so good!!! Makes my cereal look like...well cereal XD (When you're a struggling college student)
OH MY FREAKING GOSH!!!! WE LOVE YOUR VIDEOS!!!! We get so into your stories we start talking about how we feel about them in our own mukbangs! Such a great YouTuber!!!
Im 38mins late huhu
Bissss your chopstick about to poke me thru the screen ????
That movie you talked about kind of gives me black mirror vibes
I freaaaaking love this bisssssss, she’s the reason why i try new foods! ??????
WHERE DID U GET THE BANANAS MILK
yessssssssssssssssssss RICEEE CAKESSSSSSSSSSS
34:18 you can hear someone stomach
Just got out of college and I see this, I’m happy
Kid mukbangs are cringey
i freakin love your videos now
The chipmunks voice suits her so much! And her adorable face ????????
I have a question WHY CANT I FIND ANOTHER MUKBANGER JUST AS EPIC AS YOU?!? Like your seriously the best mukbanger ever??
*het
The home of procrastination itself biss
Just wanted to take a second to recommend a case to look into... it’s the case of Lisanne Froon and Kris Kremers. It's such a bizarre and interesting unsolved case! ?? I very rarely comment on videos but I'm so intrigued by this case and just really curious on what you think about ??
Your my favorite mukbang biss
???? sound goes to a 100 from 10 then its 20 then a 80 then a 20 then a 120... My ears ???? #earphone user??. ????????I'm still here ily!
your bis is upgrading with the twinkle lights!! iloveit.
Hi love where did you get the food in Ktown? Would be nice if you could include the location of where you get your food in the description like Thien. Thanks again !
I love you Stephanie?????? also I was watching one of your mukbangs in class AND I WAS SO SCARED SOMEONE WAS GONNA SEE MY PHONE SCREEN OF YOU JUST SLURPING ON SOME NOODLES ??
blockbusterrrrrrrr...i loved that place. now its a gym :/
I like how Stephiance did all 3 (dun dun Mukbang woo) last time but he's back to two again (dun dun ... WOO) XD
Love your Mukbangsss
I LOVE YOUR VIDEOS??
I love you guys so much yo guys make me so happy ????????
I'm not a lalaland fan either
????????
LOVE YOU BISHHHHH
Me too i agree too young for doing youtube i dont like it..
Hey stephanie
wAtSoN sCoTt TeSt
I remember Blockbuster and Hollywood videos and I was old enough to rent one so that kind of tells my age.
wAtSoN sCoTt TeSt
Love watching you every morning ??
Today was a bad day but at least I could watch you????
Bisssss I love YOUUU!!!????
Biissshhh next time squeeze a little bit of lemon juice to the tuna rice and oh my worddd it’s truly life changing!!
I hate lalaland 2
honestly. like i said before, i wish other mukbangers would eat as quiet as you. MUCH LOVE ????
no homework and a new mukbang from Stephanie , can this day get any better ???? ?
one week ago i put on braces and since then i’ve been missing real food and the taste of it since i consume only mashed stuff and purée :(
Bisssssssssss I’m loving this dayummm video ??????
Bissssss giving me food and VISUALS!!!!!!
WE LOVE U
"Oh my god you lil robbing ass biss" ??
Where did she get all of that food from ???? I really want some. Someone tell me please. Lol
Stephanie wat happened to the Halloween mukbang????
ahhh OMg craving rice cakes now!!
Yoo I have been commenting on every video and I never get likes?? Bish can you please like my comment it would make my day??
Hello Stephanie, I watch your channel all the time and I never comment. But today I have to... First of all I love your channel and I enjoy your story time. Now there's one thing that you talked about that I totally totally agree with and I've been waiting for someone to say something about it. The Young mukbangers...I have seen kids under the age of 8 and I'm like really...to me it's sad and bad parenting! Especially once they start getting up in subscribers and the checks start rolling in I don't think that it is no longer what the kid wants to do is just oh we can make a living off this let's go. And I agree with you if they're 13 or 14 and under ish I just don't watch it I don't think that they fully understand what they're doing.
Yesss you’re the best! I always watch your videos while eating lunch, I love what you do! ??????
Did you make it because it looks like it
I think kid mukbangs are inappropriate
I love how you literally ripped off some of the container so we can see ??????
can I have some of that? im salivating T^T
??!!!! ?????? been craaaaaving!! omg I'm good with spicy but even the mildest spicy level had me dyiiiing. Still so good tho ??????
You two have that ACCENT so cute??????
Today is the day that marks my birthday
Yesss!!??
Ooo this biss here is close to half a million
OMG I DID NOT KNOW YOU CAN WRITE IN BOLD WOWWWWWW
YESS love you stepphh????
STEPHIANCÉ HAS TO SHOW HIS FACE FOR 500K SUBS BISS!
How do u do the bold letters????????im dumb srry
Eating with the candoos are a mukbang channel that i personally think they put their kids in infront of the camera for the $$$$$
Can u do a prank on ur fiancé I can’t be with u anymore prank????
pineapple is finally gone lol
I feel like it would be so fun if you did a mukbang in Korean!
SO CLOSE UP TODAY
I love the pretty, blinking lights on the counter in the background!!!
Trying to bold rn
Uhhh I die for ur story’s????
HELL YES ID MARRY YOU
Watching this on Break and my Boss goes: "In China." Lol. Boss is a biss for knowing the Queen Biss.
I don’t like little kid mukbang either. EXPLOITATION
I love you and Im 13 and i personally dont like kid mukbangs either srry????????
Steph is the best and the food look so good
A biss is early todaaaay ???????????? love you Steph!!!
Rice cakes are sooooo goood
Did you get original or mild spicy level from yupdduck
MY FAVV
??Love you!!! continue!!??
I didn't get la la land
Your mukbang is giving me life today , literally almost choked laughing so hard when you told the story about the guy who was in your yoga class
Woah..just realised I’m older than both you and stephiance when he said that vhs was before his time. I remember watching vhs tapes together with the big laserdiscs during my childhood
You should use vegan cheese instead
I swear if stephiance doesn't look like what I imagined him to be, I would feel lost.
Look forward to this everyday
Im soooooo happy I've been wanting u to do this since forever!!!!
So you’re telling me that people are literally watching the video only to not like Steph?? Why watch if you don’t like her? So salty ?? love you guys ??
Dun dun _ woo! Betting its gonna be _ Mukbang woo! next vid
13:38 I'm a little to young I think-
I’m Mexican and tried this for the first time in the Bay Area last week - bomb!! Thanks for making me a little more diverse lol love your videos!
I have recently become OBSESSED with your videos ?? the stories are SOOO goooooood??????
Biiisss*
I’m here early for the first time
omggg that looks like ?????!! I can never get anything spicier than their mild option LOL
Bissss, that looks so good!!!! Xoxoxo
Bisss will you marry meeee please
RV Power up?! ????????????
I know blockbuster??????????
So delicious
yay bissssssss ya girl form london again
LOL: But you are a korean mukbanger. 0:34
Wonder what she does after she hearts our comments ?? it's just 7am in the PH, woke up early for ths ??
BISSS. You got me saying biss a lot now ??
IM HERE
I love youu?? notif squaadd????
LOOKS SO GOOD!!!! Luv ya steph!
I have a research paper due in 5 hours and I took a break just to watch this ??
Love the video your the best
When LalaLand came out, I think it was Samuel L Jackson. He walked out at the beginning of it and said he didn’t like it and apparently it was only the start where they’re singing out in the road. I never watched it because of him ?????????? I trust him lmao Ps. You’re not cancelled ??
This is legit the most Korean mukbanger that it could get ????
Gotta get a daily dose of Stephane bish, Korean mukbanger who?
Love your ramen or korean mukbangs so much!
yaaass bisss! Do a greek mukbang pleaaase ????
You sing tooo?! Is there anything you can’t do bisss ????Stephiancé is one lucky man
Your food always looks so good. Nothing i eat can compare
Looks soooo soooo delicious ??????
Thought I was early turns out there’s 300+ comments BISSSSSSS
yessss
I want to try so much of the food you eat but I’m hella scared of spicy food ???? I want to try kimchi (is that how it’s spelt ?) the most ??
Yassss bissss bissss I love both of u ?????????? and when Steph said will u marry me I dropped my phone ????????????????
I dont really care for kid mukbang. My daughter wants a YouTube channel so bad. She is only 6. I have to keep telling her no.
ooh biss your food noises be soundin THICC!!!! loves it
??
????????
Bis few more korean fried chicken and youll hit 500k!!!
Notification squad BISSSS
yay you uploaded just in time for me to fold laundry
14 mins and 300 odd comments, damn.
bitch the phanie pack is almost at half a mil woooooooooooo dun dun we poppin
Everything looks so good!!! Still trying to find a place that has this in Houston!
Wow biss could be in showtunes and shit ?? ily but I’m so distracted by those lights ??
Bissss hey!
The only Mukbanger I watch is you soo...
And like always : i never get the notification on time!!!! Uuuyghhh
I got 3 cute guys snapchats and my favorite power couple uploaded a mukbang today's a great day ?
My favvvve couple ???? love you guys
Stephanie i am addicted?
How do you handle so much spicy food? I’m African and I can’t handle some of the food ???? love you ????
I hate that I have to prepare for work right now ugh bis ca sick where lol
yoga guy was straight up nutting
Looks good
a biss is looking good
Who else likes their own comment because no-one else does.......?????????????????????
oh my, i would have fucking dieddd with laughter if i heard someone make those noises in yoga class ??????
i’m waiting to go out to dinner rn and i’m watching this and i’m SO HUNGRY!
Omg you should do a whole mukbang in Korean it would be so cool to watch ??????????
Off topic, but waiting for Tiff from JKF to be in your Mukbang and @leendadproductions as well I think her personality will fit with you Stephanie. Make it happen!
OMG BISS YOUR A QUEEN ????????
10:06 i thought you said diaper ??????
Banana ...milk ?? I've never really thought of those two together oh god I don't like bananas but I'd like to try what it taste like. Great work on your videos! ??
Early after long long time ??????????
Love you
Lol I'm actually early ps. Also love that you post alot??????
It's never boring with you ???
oof i’ve never been THIS early ??
my idol
??????
Your openings alone have always drawn me in. You're fecking hilarious biss!! ??????
I LOVE YOUR MUKBANGS STEPHANIE!!! ??????
Where u get those fairy lights in the bg from??????
Ily
Bisss
Your intros just keep getting better and better bisss I’m living through you right now ????????????
LOVE YOU STEPH! FROM AUUUS
You always make my day Stephanie!
Drip drip drippin yassss ?
i get excited every time your fiancé is in your videos!
YAAAAASSS BISS SPICY RICE CAKES AFTER SO LONG! and im finally here on time after 5 days coz i'm done with my finals woop woop!!
Stephanie..r u doing a lot of sport..? ..cause ur so thin..even if u eat a lot of mukbang...
Another Korean spread w/The Biss & Mister Mangobutt!?? Can’t get enough of you two??
One hater :O get outa here ?? Love you Girlllll ????????
A bisss is now a professional Korean mukbanger
I have the same exact too as you are wearing ??
HEH making my korean bb oppa q t watch every single mukbang you have with me
Yessss i got my cold homemade spagetti at work and I’m ready to tune in!
Today the video is so zoomed in I'm so use to this
It's like 12am in Germany and tomorrow is school but whatever. I need to watch this.
I wanna try this! & love love cup ramen but totally agree that you get wayyyyyy less !
My favvv
Mariah Carey who? I only know Stephanie biss! ????
#NotificationSquad Bissss?????
You truly are a legend <3
Hey bis
Lmao bissssss i loveeeee this and i havent even finished watching yetttt
This looks so good!??
Iloveyou and your mukbangs!! Can’t stop watching ?? love from PH??
Ehhmygerdddd you’re the best hooman ever bis. Thank you??????
You always make me sooooo hungry!!!
My life goal is to eat this , i know i will never eat it though ??
I feel like everyone needs a friend like Stephanie ????
The cup ramen is better then the regular one
I've been wanting to get tteokbokki for so long but I don't wanna drive to K town through LA traffic to get some I'm super conflicted
I love your videos! ????
Iloveyou and your mukbangs!! Can’t stop watching ?? love from PH??
The intro??????
So close to 500k !! Love u ??
Sooo close to 500k
It there anyone else who thought this girl talk to much then started watching more of her videos then began to like her
I love your videos!!! I hsve wachted all of them! You are so fun! And i love your conspiracy stories ????
Early
I love you Stephanie ??????????????
LOVE UR VID
As much as I would love to see how Stephiance looks like, I’m so used to seeing him as a floating hand in front of the camera so if one day I were to see him in his human form sitting beside Steph, Idk how to feel tbh. ?? #justarandomthought
Omg I’m early
why did I just get the notification now
Stephanieeeeeeeeeee! Hey bissss what's good!? Love yall!!!! ????????
girl it’s been 5 minutes what hating ass bish already disliked ??
Naww missed u bishh
241st!
????
I'm here bissssssssss ????
HI BIIIIS! here's a kiss from Portugal ????
Anybody else really want to meet her ?? Like if you do ????
LOVE YOU STEPH YOUR SO FUNNY YOU LIFT MY SPIRITS AND I WATCH YA EVERYDAY ????
??????????
Yasssss bish I've been so busy lately but just waned to say I love you! ??
Yasssssssss XD love from Mexico Steph
Excited for another dun dun mukbang
Ahhhhh!!! I' ve been waiting for this??
Love the lights in the background
Biss Mariah Carey who?
hahaha also i was waitin to hear about yoga w stephiance i am readyyy
OH BISS wow this looks sooo good we love a bouncy rice cake
Love your videos ????
"Oh My God You Little Robin Ass Biss! "????????????
YAY HI
That container thingy kinda looks like a paper sauce thingy you get at McDonald’s ??
?highlight of my day?
Love your Mukbangs!!! keep going
SOO CLOSE TO 500K!!!! KEEP IT UP STEPH!!
DONT YOU EVER LEAVE ME
I really want to try rice cakes properly ? I’ve tried Chinese ones before with nuclear hot sauce and it was so gooodddd ??
Looks yummy
Early! Hii bisses! Sorry lol excuse me ?? love you biss ????
Ughhhh my stupid WiFi ??
What a filling way to celebrate your anniversary! That cheese pull thoooo ??????
can i have some
Yasss queeen????????????
Bish your crazy af
Love that biss love that
I loveee rice cakes omg
BISS i love you !!!!! ?? and i want spicy rice cakes now omg
?????? I also got bored watching Lalaland, I think I didn't finish it
Yass Biss ??
Korean mukbangers work hard but stephanie work harder
UGH MY FAVE FOOD ?????? YAS BIS
yasss
I'm here for this content biss!! <3
SINGGGG
Love you Stephanie! ??
I wish I could meet you ????
Omg you robbing ass biss ?????
Tteokbokki yessss! Btw you are literally the only YouTuber that I have notification turned on for. ;)
One thing I noticed is that every time she takes a bite she says MMMM then looks at him and he either says is it good? Or it’s sooo good!
Korea Day ??????????
??
steph has officially passed the korean mukbang-er ritual by eating tteokbokki out of a white tub HAHA
Heyyy bishhhhh ??????
Hii Steph ???? I wish i was eating tteokbokki with you ??
Omg that looks so good I want that!!!
Howdy
AMEN
Daily dose of stephaaaanniiieeee
Ilysm bisss
love u bissss???????
Hey steph, love every video you post ?? have an amazing day ??
DUN DUUUNNN MUKBANG ??
OMG IM SO EARLY ILY BISS UR LITERALLY GOALS
Bishhh ????????
HIII I LOVE YOUU ??????????
Bissssss yesss. Ily????Once again liked before watched. Can please please please get a shoutout in the next video ????????.
guess who’s currently not asleep bc of their fucking period cramp, yup love you tho lmao, oh & you should check out “the runaway/missing princess of dubai” aightt gonna go watch the vid
:( school and work have literally been kicking my ass so i’m glad to be back for now! it’s time to binge watch until it’s time to get back to reality. love you steph ??
I’m so obsessed with you and your videos biss. I find myself talking about you and your stories to my friends all the time. I need them bissss’s to watch you toooo. They’re missing out and I’m annoyed I can’t talk to them about how mf awesome you are! We all need a biss like you to watch everyday ??????
It’s 12:00 in Germany who cares if I’m tired tomorrow school who ?
stephfiance sounds like the guy kpop junkee, he does kpop music video theories
Literally committed to watching this without earphones & OMFG my mom jus asked me from the kitchen if i was watching a Stephanie mukbang instead of studying...I said yes like a proud biss!
My notification was late...again
I'm Always, always notified late! But anyhoo, another daily dose of Stephanie Soo, YAAAAS!
I literally just posted on my foodstagram about wanting to have tteokbokki ??
i thought the mozarella sticks were hot dog sausages lol
The QUEEN HAS PISTED ONCE AGAIN
Babe will you marry me? What stephfinace says Honeyyyyy ??
Clicked so fast!!! Love you Stephanie!! I would say Stephiance too but he’s already loved by you! ???? Saranghe!!!
i need to pack for a trip but yknow it can wait
EARLY ??
Your videos are the best. Keep it up Stephanie we love you ???
?????
YESSSSS IM SO HUNGRY OMG
Main biss is about to hit 500K ????
yesssss ugh i am ready i jus wanna eat some yummy tteokbeokki w uuuu <3
Haha I love your signing in the intro!
Can you do an H Mart mukbang ...but yess bisss??????
Steph with the bangers ??????
every mukbang gets better and better
bis notified me but it wasn’t there like tf but here i am boo ily??
SO GLAD I STAYED AWAKE FOR THIS ????
Stephanie: this is the time where I'm gonna b a Korean mukbanger! Stephiance: u r a Korean mukbanger...
That looks so good ????
My fav food and Stephanie! Best combo!! ??????
NOTIFICATIONS ON!! ILYSMM
Am I late?! Nooooo??????????????
I also love the fairy lights in the background ??
Hi hi
i clicked so fast lmaoo?? but girlllll i want you to pleaseee watch “forgotten” it’s a korean psychologically movie that will leave you shook! please watch it and give your opinion cos i know your creepy ass will love it ????
Hey BISH
I love you
Yesssss finally bisss, my day doesnt start happening until i watch your video
We love a true mukbang sis???????
Omg you little Ramen ass BISS
Stopped one of your year old videos to watch
I'm here I love your videos
not first.
Wassup bis????I’m feeling special today??
Banana milk??
YASS TTEOKBOKKI ?????? LOVE YA STEPHANIE
Early Squad????
The moment you think you're first to comment but then notice the other comments ??
Love you Stephanie you are soo funny and beautiful ??????
WE LOVE YOU BOTH
Love you ??
Steph has to have the best intro's am I right lol ?? Love you Biss ???????
Imma wait till i’m eating before i watch your video hehehe
So happy to get this notif at 12 am when I have to wake up at 3 to study for my exam... (I live in the Netherlands) Still gonna watch it though ????
Yassssss bisssssssss
Hiiii
we love a talented queen ??
When I saw your video pop-up I clicked on it immediately I love you so much????
i never clicked a video so fast in my life than i do with steph's videos
?notification squad biss?
yayy am earlly love youuuu??????
Her food looking good as always????
Love it good job
I love when you rice cake!!!!!????
I’m loving all the korean food steph
Havent been here in a while.
for real I’m craving ttaekbokki sooo bad because of you!
Hey bisssssss ??
YASSS FINALLY IM EARLY FOR THE FIRST TIME!!!
stephanie soo video to cure a shitty day thank the LORD
Today we are back ????????
Just finished your video with Geo. Love binging your videos ??
I was literally was looking for a mukbang and then this came up in my notifications btw i love your vids
??????
omg is that banana milk??
My favorite mukbanger???? Love ya bisss??
love you biss
Wooo!! Notification Squaa
Oh my god I feeel like I saw this every episode because I always mean it but like omg I can’t wait for this one I always wanna see people eat this????
dun dun!!! just in time for lunch
DONT YOU EVER LEAVE MEEEEE ????
Yesssss we got a singing bisssss ????
Im early siss??
Steeeeeph! The best yey
Hi
Yesssssssssss, luks alwaz yummy ?? ?? ??
I just got out of dance class I’m hUngry and ready for this mukbang
I don’t know who is hotter, Stephanie or that tteokbokki
?? Been waiting for you to upload today
Stephanie getting distracted for 12 minutes before actually starting her story is me when I try to do my homework
Bisss I’m on break right now at work NOTIFICATION SQUAD ????
I needed this so badly
Hi love u so much
Early squad whip whip
Yay biss
YASSSSSSS so happy right now i love u stephanie ?????? DUN DUNNNNN
Ily bishhh my fave mukbanger love u so much bishhhhhh
Stephanie should win a Grammy for her singing!! ??????
UHH BISH U R NOT GOING TO SHARE UR FOOD WITH MEE haha ????
THE INTRO GETS ME EXCITED, THE FOOD LOOKS AMAZING AS ALWAYS! ????
This time I wasn't in the middle of a family dinner ?? bc I just finished
YES BISS
yyaasss!!!! queen, ive been waiting
tan tan..mukbang^^
I HAVE NEVER BEEN THIS EARLY!!! ???? . That looks sooooo niceee
first ??
Yasssssss my bis STEPHANIE UPLOADED AND Riverdale is coming on later tonight?! Life is good...!??
NOT ONE DAY CAN I BE FIRST ??
Finally early ????????
Yasss queen ??
YESSSSSSS ANOTHER UPLOAD! ONE OF MY FAVORITE YOUTUBER?????????????????????????? Love you steph ????????
My fave posted! ??
Bissssssss I’m first , da da mukbang WOoOoo0
dont you ever leAVE MEEEEEE
Lov ya bissss ??
Low key was just watching your latest video
Heeyyy biss. I'm early asfff??????
Back with the rice cakesssssss bissss
i see rice cakes i click like
The best!!!!
Just in time!??
That intro!!!! Yaaaas hahaha
Early bissss!!!????
Love u so much ????
I was just waiting
Omg I love you haha
Yay! These videos are crazy! So spicy! ???? love you! OMG YOU LITTLE RAMEN ASS BISS ?? Lost it!
ILY BIS??
Yayyyyyy??????
Hey BISSSSHHHHH....ilysm
Love you so muchh
LOVE YA BISSSSS??????????
Oo biss perfect timing
early today bizzz ????????????
My biss is back.. ????
Stephanie in almost every video: mmmm mhmmm
Early love you biss????
Ditching homework i found the answers online anyway
I love you
#First
Soooo mucho
love this intro ????
ayee
Love your videos
OMG PERFECT TIMING TY BIG BIY ;)))))
????????????
?? queen
Hi girl ??
Who ready for this biiiissssss
Okay I’m hungry now ????
LOVE YA BISSS YOOYOYOYOYOOYOYOYOT
I CLICKED THIS VID SO FAST OMG ?????? I doubt that anyone will actually take the time to read this.....but started Youtube not long ago and my goal is to reach 10K before my Birthday , just liking this comment so more people can notice me would help...god bless?????
HEY BISSSSS
LOVE U STEPH
Theirs is soooo funny??????
When you click so fast and it’s still private ????
My crush replied to my email!!!
I love you
Love your videos
Ily :)
Earrrlyyyyyy
Love you
HI ILY STEPH <3
FIRST ????????
First
YAY ILYSM
Hiiiiiii
I was so early the video was private????????
Early??
Love you
Hey gurl
Hi
!!!!!!!!! I just ate tteokbokki
HEY BOO
Love you smmm??
Hi steohanie
ILYYY BIIIISH
HI BISS LIKE IF YOU HAVE THE NOTIFICATION BELL ON!!!!!!
L??VE Y??U BISS