Did they beat the spread?
We beat are biggest rival today ( battle of the highway) 52-6
You're a GENIUS
Cumberland practices sound like sarcastiball
I bet you the Cumberland team could still beat the Jayhawks.
I don't know what this is, what it's about, or if I even care - but I think YouTube is to blame for showing me this.
Cumberland got a football ball team
What’s even crazier is that Cumberland beat LSU 41-0, Alabama 44-0, Tulane 28-0, and Vanderbilt 6-0 IN A FIVE DAY SPAN!! Yes 5 total days they played 4 teams. 3 of which are SEC teams and dominated. So yes Alabama and LSU have a losing record again a team that lost 222-0.
Where did u get the foot ball figures from
No no no. the best fact about this is that after threatening Cumberland with the $3000 reimbursement, Heisman offered Cumberland $500 and to pay for the trip to atlanta for the team. Like Heisman was hellbent on proving his point to cumberlands coach and the sportswriters
your intro creeped me out lol
I can't believe all this happened in one game! That was only 55 mins.
Can you make a list of states who had the most college teams to win a championship. Also which states had the most top 25 teams within a season. I believe central Florida, Miami, south Florida,  the Gators and, also Florida state all where in the top 25 this season if I'm not mistaken. So that's 5 teams in 1 season and, state right there. Also most in top 10 they auburn and, Alabama and. Also gatotors and, ucf this year.
I'd pay good money to watch a team of law school frat boys get destroyed by a pro football team
the end reminded me of DHMIS
Show this guys videos to any person who doesnt like sports, and they'll kinda have to like sports...at least a little.
"0:00 ""It's now been 100 years since the worst....""
Me: Alright I got my explanation."
Im surprised this unholy beatdown hasnt been made into a movie.
This has to be fake
Who the hell was that asshole center who snapped the ball directly at Peewee or whoever? Was he actually a good snapper and wanted a laugh? Was Peewee standing in the wrong place?
So what were the 27% of yards they didn’t get
"Alabama fan here

This game is possibly the only thing that could make Nick Saban happy"
This was pretty good.
Imagine going back in time and seeing this game
Why does this game remind me of that episode of family Guy where Peter plays football for the London Sillie Nannies?
13:00 it said they wrapped their arms around each other's shoulders. Not tied their legs together. If all the rest of this is true I would totally believe that too.
What an interesting documentary about Nebraska’s football team
Not a fan of either team. So no bias. But from the title and intro (paused at 0:51) this will probably be the most enjoyable sports video I've seen or, will ever see. And this is coming from a Lsu, and Saints fan. So I'm pretty much wired to dislike any Georgia team.
If I go back in time I’m going to this game
This is totally insane. Never knew about this game. Thanks
People talk about running up the score. THAT was running up the score.
15:06 don’t hug me I’m scared
I thought GT had like 931 rushing yards pr something. Ik they didn't throw a pass. You 400 something amd yet that had over 1100 yards? Where did the other 600 come from?
What a great video
My god this soundtrack sounds like a horror movie
If you had Cumberland and 200 points, you lost!
I was gonna thumbs up this vid until I got to 15 mins and my ear drums got blown up...….wtf is wrong with u disliked. in the future don't put loud annoying sounds for no reasons.
Good video until the end...my God the sound editing is atrocious
Start at 1:12
Legs tied together? Was that Reggie Ray?
Im 5 hours deep in a shroom trip and then i get to the end of this video... Thanks Jon.
Because we are all equal in today’s society I think both teams should get half of the total score, so it should have been 111-111
Heisman seems like a bitch made man after this video
As far as I can tell, St. Viator playing against Lane College a week later is the closest anyone got, with St. Viator winning 205-0.
Loved the video man, keep it up!!!
I read a book that had this story in it, it's called the giant book of strange (but true) sports stories
The end of the video about the "climb the ladder" play made no sense. Doesn't tell why his face was so busted. Kinda dumb ending to a good video.
Outstanding story!  Would love to have known the sizes of the players involved
they should bring the cumberland team back just to replay this game
I can't imagine the pain that the toy football players faced in the creation of this video.
Jesus Christ on the cross bc you might as well consider this game a crucifixion
6 1st downs😂 oh my god
Damn I live in Cumberland, RI. I thought my hometown was fucked.
It is sooo distressing at the end, D:
Today marks the 100 year anniversary of this massacre
15:05 to 16:03 was one of the creepiest things I've ever witnessed and then it makes a complete turnaround in mood at 16:05
They couldn’t have an actual quarterback but they have 2 guys who could throw another guy over a fence
"Oh brother, you win you win! That was freakin hilarious!

Great video and true story."
Are you gay and single or curious and unhappy in a relationship? Because I love you for this video.
We want Jon Bois back
I can’t breath I’m laughing too hard
After 15:00 is insane. I’m gonna have nightmares
14:53 I cannot stand the music so much that I disliked the video
I’m horrified this is like saw but a football game
The end just turned into how to basic
"Cumberland College has a football team today and they have won games as an... I dont know D4 team?
Just as a tribute to this game Georgia Tech and Cumberland College should play one game a year just to see if this record can be broken"
does anyone now what the song is in the intro
"222 points with only 6 first downs

nice."
Wow.
If I was the Cumberland head coach losing 140-0 and John Heisman refused to end the game at halftime, I would've just went back to my locker room and told my team to get on the bus. We're leaving. Now.
Lmao I lost it at a dog chasing one of the players
15:10 this sequence is unholy
"@Jon Bois
Did you used old Starting Lineup football figures for your video?
I don't know if you'll ever read this, but I'm a big fan, and am hoping you do more of your 'Pretty Good' series. I really enjoy sports writers that grew up in the same Era as me and watching/reading there opinions on things. Later Jon."
Is that an almond
whats with the annoying music
This needs to be made into a movie.
The University of Alabama has a 0-1 record against Cumberland ;-;
sports writing meets german expressionism.
Go Jackets!
Hey, I’m dying to know what the last song is. I love it. Anyone know?
What was the last part
Jon bois that book is 300 dollars are you a millionaire???
16:22 wait a second. GT scores 222 points... but doesn’t throw the ball once
SOMEBODY MAKE THIS A FUCKIN MOVIE.
This is gayest historical football fact in history.   Tech fans like to bring it up as if it matters.  They were complete pricks to Cumberland for beating them in baseball earlier that year.  Cumberland disbanded its football program.
This is some of the most creative, well written, and entertaining content on youtube. Thank you for the hard work. This vid is incredible.
It truly was a game of Blood Bowl.
"Why 55 minuets?
Edit: guess I should have watched first lol"
15:38 “BAH GAWD! HE KILLED HIM!”
Football practices are now trending towards the Cumberland model.
Are You dead or something
amazing video quality, keep it up
15:17-15:55 wtf just happened? XD
Just a piece of advice work on special effects audio the final climb the ladder sequence had a painful sound reminiscent of nails on a chalk board and wasn't helped by the fact that you raised the volume to the max
This is like an old school horror movie. It's horrifying but it's hilarious.
That record is proudly held at CC
It’s funny because any d1 team now could go back in time and beat the ever living shit out of that Georgia tech team
I thought I was looking at a cricket score.
I have now born witness to the wrath that only a true God would reap upon those who sully his realm.
If I had a time machine and could only go back in time 1 time to do anything I would 100% watch this “game”
I go to Georgia Tech.  I was on the wrong side of an 84-0 intramural football loss by the GT Wesley Foundation to SHPE.  The halfs are 15 minutes and the only time the clock stops is at halftime.  SHPE scored on over half of all plays (offense and defense).
Football was a joke sport back in the day. No wonder baseball was way more popular.
You could choose to kick or receive after every score? What kind of assy rule is that??
Instant classic
Did the music scare anyone else?
Doesn’t really count considering they didn’t have a team
This one was boring
This video is why I laugh when people bring up great athletes of the early 1900's.  The rules and balance of competition in high end collegiate and pro sports was a joke compared to now.  UConn clowning everyone by 50 in WNCAA basketball is like the status quo for athletics back then.
This music is making me wanna scream
Moral of the story is don't cheat, and dont fuck with John Heisman.
“He grinds your bones for bread”😂😂
If every Armenian were to throat-stomp every Turk at this exact moment there wouldn't even be close to enough malice to match what Heisman drew out from this miserable game.
Sports writers are right remember the Phillies had a terrible season in the 18-19 season and then the destroyed the marlins 20-1 and now they have a winning season actually never mind this was posted when they did
I love your videos but can you REGULATE YOUR FUCKING VOLUME PLEASE.   DAMN.  The narration is quiet AF the whole time, then you play the cut music at like 250% volume.    NOT COOL
JON BOIS the legend!!!!
8:48 “his teammate was looking for his glasses” XD 😂
I was there. It was fucking bananas
...grey duck.
This is such a shit sport.
This needs to be a movie. Fucking hilarious.
this is art
opening titles song please??
This was fucking terrifying thanks jon
You're a smart dude, but can't mix audio to save your life!
I’m legit scared
10:50did he get a steak
if you score three runs off bunting im beaning the next batter because i might be trash but im trash with self respect
My brothers football team beat this one team 50 to nothing in the first half and the team had to forfeit because they didn’t have enough players because they had been injured
3:29 - Top 10 Anime Plot Twists
Heisman was petty AF
Does he purposely use a bad camera when filming himself?
Stop-motion, Jon? You are amazing. I love your creativity. These videos seriously have me wondering what took me so long to find them.
Please tell me there are music credits somewhere. The avant garde during some of your animation segments is incredible and I need more of it in my life.
Soundtrack name at 3:31?
Lol they make students today pay more than cumberland would have had to pay if they didn't arrive at a football game. lmao
Hey Jon, what’s the song at the end?
Jon. I say this honestly. You are headed for great things.
"Heisman made them play a 30 minute scrimmage after the 222-0 win"
This is like a Jan Svankmajer film.
Notre Dame would booty-blast both these teams
"My two cents:

1. This is why I absolutely refuse to give a thousandth of a rip about any stats or results below the semipro level. When you have future pros and those barely a step above junior varsity competing on the same field, there will always be huge massacres. And they count jack squat toward anyone's ability to do this for a living. You ran for 200 yards and 3 touchdowns against the Southeast Idaho Spudflingers? Big whoop. Do it against the Baltimore Ravens and maybe I'll be impressed.

2. Whatever contributions John Heisman may have made to football, he was absolute garbage as a human being. G.E. Allen pulls a douchenozzle move on him, and his response is to be an even bigger douchenozzle. Not calling him out, not demanding a public apology, not taking the issue public and getting a serious discussion going on chicanery in college sports, he is going to get his petty, pitiful, stupid, meaningless revenge. And he did it by getting men who had NOTHING, NOTHING AT ALL to do with the sham baseball game SERIOUSLY INJURED, many almost certainly FOR LIFE, and then making the most token effort to mitigate the carnage long after he'd made his snivelling little point. ""God"" my flabby, blotchy BUTT.

(P.S. To anyone who wants to give me that ""It was completely acceptable at the time!"" line: Save it. If you can't figure out on your own that getting numerous innocent men badly maimed is an automatic ""no"" regardless of what society says, you're scum, period.)"
The story behind this game is so utterly bizarre I can barely believe it actually happened.
"His name...was John Heisman

chorus of death plays"
"If you are talking about massacres, you should mention the biggest flogging in first-class cricket history, when Pakistan Railways defeated Dera Ismail Khan by an innings and 851 runs back in 1964-65. After scoring 912, Railways dismissed Dera Ismail Khan for just 32 and 27 runs respectively in their two innings:

http://www.cricketcountry.com/articles/pakistan-railways-register-biggest-win-in-first-class-history-by-beating-dera-ismail-khan-by-innings-and-851-runs-71761"
Georgia Tech are assholes
Jesus! Not even the Browns are that bad! The Browns would have at least scored one touchdown out of that, or at the very least reduce the number of points they were beaten by.
shiver me timbers, bitch
Not Another Teen Movie did it with the Reggie Ray "Concussions To Go" counter. Also little Timmy, who "shouldn't have been on the field in the first place" and got decapitated.
Revenge is a dish best served cold.
I'm pretty sure there were no first downs by either team in this game.
Downright Lynchian
Please make more of this series!
The fact that a man ruined his face to block an extra point in the biggest blowout ever is really sad to me
How are you able to take football, a fun game that people like to play and watch, and make it deeply upsetting.
I love how some of the Cumberland players ran away and hid
Wow, what a story! Thank you for posting this.
16:06-17:19 What is that song?
I wish I could have seen the play that he described starting at 6:14
Nah this shit is scary as fuck man
I’m scared
these lawyers..well..all lawyers deserved it...but how cruel was Heisman making his team scrimmage after the game...wtf..was he a SEAL?
This is simply the best video in the history of Youtube!
My god it's been a year and a half since this came out
This was the funniest football story ever.
@Jon Bois Tell me you smoke weed every day, because I smoked before and while watching this video and it was PERFECT.
This video gave me nightmares.
It's not that I want to know where this music came from; I just want to know why someone would write something this offputting
This is sad.
Ehh if they lied about tapeing 2 players together, then they could of lied about most of what actually happened during game..a player jumping over fence to hide from other team, but 2 people were already hiding there, so they throw him back on the field so they dont give up their hiding spot?
Even the one good Cumberland play, the blocked kick, ended up working out terribly for the blocker.
"This was an actual nightmare.

but at least the ball was an almond :P"
"This should be a movie.

A horror movie."
"NOTE: Because Georgia Tech never passed, and Cumberland actually completed one pass play for a gain, this means that, despite losing 222-0...

... Cumberland had more passing yards than Georgia Tech in this game. Yes, that's an actual, legitimate statistical victory for Cumberland in this 222-0 game."
They angered a God 😂
"All of this because some dude over at Cumberland had to be a dick and thought embarrassing another team would be a good thing....


Talk about karma"
Wonder what the score would have been if they played the last 5 minutes
A TEN YARD PUNT??? The fuck...?
As a soccer announcer would say: "Not much football being played today"... lol
After this vid I’m genuinely terrified of our lord and savior John Heisman.
It is still a rule in HS that the team who was scored upon can choose to kick or receive.  A coach took the option to kick one time after he was scored upon since he was winning by so much.
Anyone know the song at 16:30?
You and captain disillusion are the two most deserving of a robust patreon. I hope you’re still at it. I’ve been binging you for about a week now. I very much look forward to whatever you do next. #NextLevel
oh my god I'm drunk watching this and now I'm terrified of Heisman's face
Pretty guud
Not really equivalent, what happened between the baseball team and what happened to the football team. The baseball players for Georgia Tech may have been less capable than the players ringed in for Cumberland, but at least they had some experience. Cumberland's football team wasn't even that. It was a bunch of random law students. It isn't that impressive that they scored 222 points against what was effectively thin air.
i find it EXTREMELY hard to believe that someone got knocked out by a football hike to the head
I have a newfound hatred for Heisman now. Thanks Jon.
Go dawgs
Why isn’t this a movie yet, I am dying over here!🤣😂🤣🤣
This may be the saddest thing I've ever seen
Song at 5:01?
Wtf happened to Edwards? Did he suffer from a skull fracture?
That's not difficult all you need to do is put the game on rookie and play against the browns. You could get some crazy scores. Don't forget to have the 15 min quarters.
I like how the football is an almond
"His teammate was looking for his glasses" i cant not laugh. XD
My God, I love the fact that this has a soundtrack like There Will Be Blood -- what a perfect parallel; the time period, the setting, the grind-your-teeth determination to become a man-god... Heisman needs to be played by DDL, I'm now convinced it'd be his magnum opus simply based on that photo of Heisman
as a Georgia tech fan this is actually pretty good
"That was pretty 
                       good"
2:05 Award a blue ribbon to a supernova?, how can it receive it its too big, unless we have a "grow ray" to make the ribbon about the size of the milky way galaxy.
I fucking love you Jon
Can someone please  tell me if this type of music in the intro is a certain type of jazz or it It just someone’s jazz in general
Love how an almond was the football
11:48 I only just now realized that you were making this in an office while other people were also working
Speaking of the architects of football, the penalty flag was invented by the first head coach of my university's football team :D
The football is nut
"Legit channel...
Subscriber"
Fantastic storytelling!
What's the music for this video?
Hey jon, I’m not sure if you already answered this, but what music did you use?
And then Georgia Tech lost their winning streak to the Muddogs all because of The Waterboy.
Just found this channel. Been binging all morning! #snowday
Just finished the dumbest boy one  and now onto this one. Its now 11:13
This sounds like a cartoon. Looney tunes football would have similar events
The almond is the best
The biggest blowout I was ever a part of was 103-0 the first quarter we scored 45 points with our first team, the second quarter the coach put the second string in and they scored 36 (with 3 defensive touchdowns), third quarter was our jv team and they scored twice. And the freshman team, who didn't even dress for the start of the game but at halftime the varsity team changed into street clothes and the freshman put on pads, got a touchdown, but they did block the 2 point conversion
The biggest blowout I was ever a part of was 103-0 the first quarter we scored 45 points with our first team, the second quarter the coach put the second string in and they scored 36 (with 3 defensive touchdowns), third quarter was our jv team and they scored twice. And the freshman team, who didn't even dress for the start of the game but at halftime the varsity team changed into street clothes and the freshman put on pads, got a touchdown, but they did block the 2 point conversion
Jesus Christ
Is anyone else horrified with this story or is that just me
that took a real dark turn lmao
Are you okay?
The option of receiving or kicking after scoring a touchdown was an old rugby rule....
It's a good thing that the game was shortened by 5 minutes. else the result could have gotten embarrassing for Cumberland
What's with all the crazy sport stories out of early century Atlanta?
Dude!!! Great soundtrack!
This is a lot scarier than it should be
IIRC, in the John S. Bowman-Joel Zoss recap of this game for their Football Hall of Shame series, some writer actually asked Morris Gouger after the game if the outcome would have been different if that kickoff returner hadn't have tripped over his own player. "Yeah, it would've been different. It would've been 222-7." Great recap, Jon (P.T. Anderson envies you this depiction!)
According to one source I read, the third quarter was cut to ten minutes and the fourth quarter to seven-and-a-half minutes.
Holy shit work on your audio game
Good vid
RIP Edwards, the man was absolutely obliterated
those law students probably had PTSD
I don't think Monty Python could even come up with so many odd and ridiculous things to happen
I love your videos, but 10:35 never happened. That’s completely impossible.
There’s no way that 10:35 happened in real life. That’s impossible. Use your head, Jon.
😂
Love the video, and I get you're trying to convey the grim tone of the game, but, by God, the music and sound balance are ATROCIOUS.
I’ll be honest I have watched all of the chart parties and pretty good videos at least 3 or 4 times... these videos are so good... hopefully another one comes out soon
first foward pass was 1895 UNC vs georgia 70 yard score.. not notre dame like a "movie".. john heisman gives credit to the unc play but it happened 20 years before the next pass in major college football would be attempted .. some small college attempted a pass i think in 1906.
Christ almighty, whata score
Wow
I live near Cumberland so this kind off saddens me
"I'm a wramblin' wreck from Georgia Tech AND I SHOW NO MERCY!"
How does this keep turning into surreal horror!
You should make a video on Utah Utes football team, how they’ve performed vs their recruits and how far they’ve had to grind
GT still didn't beat the spread. Maybe next time.
This is the greatest analytical American football video in the history of YouTube. No question, no answers. Full stop.
Stop making your videos scary
That was a mammoth beat-down
Aaaaahhhhhhhhhhhhh
This is scary
"I don’t know why but this creeps me out because it was way back then and shudder
It’s creepy"
Why did they keep trying? Why would you sacrifice your own face on something as desperate as a ladder play when the score is 221-0?
its ok i guess
Why doesn't he post
My god... its full of s̶t̶a̶r̶s̶ scores.
Is that an old Van Houtte coffee cup?
Frau HEISMAN <thunder crashes>
11:17
fun fact this video was uploaded on my 21st birthday? does this mean i was born on the 79th anniversary of this game?
You can actually STILL choose to kick the ball off after being scored on lol
What in the name of fuck was that minute near the end
15:10 so did he break his nose by jumping to high and crashing into a UFO ? the fuck is happening here, is this the strychnine kickin in ?
Actually the reason why the 1940 Chicago Bears won in such dominating fashion was because their head coach invented the T-formation that everyone uses now in that game. Before the game started the Washington Redskins were actually the favorites to win that game.
John Heismann was clearly a monomaniacal dick. The Cumberland players should've simply laid down for every play. The Tech players might've shown them more mercy. Still, that's what Cumberland gets for cheating at baseball.
This is ridiculous that this really happened lol
His name was John Heisman.......cue dramatic horror music
"I like how you say GT players got bored....
They didn't have any remorse literally tearing those guys to pieces? I mean damn. QB got 3 concussions?! 
Thank god I didn't grow up in the good ol days...."
This video is one of the greatest works of art ever created by man
They should make this story into a movie
The ONE TEAM worse than even The Cleveland Browns.
It's like the end of WW2 on the eastern front
Jon, make one about the ball that bounced over a pebble TWICE in the same game, giving the 1924 Washington Senators the city's only-ever World Series title!
So many things went wrong I wish I could have seen that
HOBBES?!?!?!
make a new video please
Receiving the kick after scoring iscthe norm in Rugby, but not in sevens,
That music from 16:05 to 17:18 is simply the best.
And they still can’t beat Bama
Shout out to Marigoata.
You need to really equalize your volume. What the fuck was that shit, no one wants to be constantly adjusting their volume
Jesus a damn headphones warning would have been nice. But besides that awesome video.
I always wondered how this happened awesome video
Wut
after watching that I'm hoping that there was some big time karma for Heisman.
15:00 is where you lost me.  It was excessive, and unnecessary. We're on youtube watching about football, not a cryptic murder mystery.
Wtf happened to his face
The football is an almond lol
This channel is kinda creepy but I like it
Wait wait wait, is George E Allen related to George Herbert Allen, the Hall of Fame Rams coach? Huh.
Anyone else watch this at 4 AM on the toilet before going to sleep?
...that is one hell of a grudge..
How is 222 to 0 even possible... I mean seriously. Just by myself 1 person if I do nothing but let them walk over at a brisk pace for a touchdown with 0 resistance, and then take a knee every single time to burn the clock they still would not get 222 points in 4 quarters...
Heisman seems like a fun guy
I've watched this video a couple of times and literally just realized that in the stop-motion intro with the green figurines, you were using an almond as the football...
they should make a movie of this game
He will grind your bones to make his bread... I love this series
"I don't even like football
Damn that was a good vid"
Prettyyyyy Pretttty Good....
This guy managed to execute a trippy dream sequence with toy figurines. Nice.
What is the name of the book?
Trying to sit through this hipsters narration caused more pain than any of those cumberland players could have endured that day.
Do you have it written in the language of your contract that you get to include at least one ear rape per video?
stolen video
I bet the Cumberland team could still beat the browns
The part about the climb the ladder play was kinda horrifying. What the hell happened?
Sounds like bullshit. I mean I don’t doubt that they lost so bad but really the story sound s fake as shit lol.
Pee wees could play better than this
DAMN  I HAD THEM BY 269🙄
Heisman Sounds like a dick...
"15:04
Did that scare anybody else? lol"
This is a great video great presentation on this game with some comedy thrown in I love it
"The obscure jazz music is AMAZING. It’s ironic use is comedy gold. This stuff could be studied in film school. I’m serious and i love it.

I’m probably late to figure this out but Jon Bois is a genius."
"Reading about this game.  Some stuff is exaggerated here.  Like Preas catching his own kickoff for a TD.  The Cumberland player he kicked off to actually returned the kick for 10 yards..... but then in Cumberland fashion, fumbled (one of NINE fumbles Cumberland lost this game).  Preas just recovered the fumble and ran it in 10 yards for the TD.  I'd hardly call that ""catching/returning"" his own kick for a TD.  

Also, I'm reading Heisman agreed to shorten the quarters in the 2nd half to 12 minutes a piece.... not the usual 15.  That would be him agreeing to shorten the game by 6 minutes, not 5 like you keep saying.  Yeah I'm being nit picky here, but I'm a stickler for accuracy.  

Finally..... to call this a true feat is a bit misleading if not BS.  The Cumberland team disbanded its football team prior to the season but due to an agreement had to play GT otherwise they'd have to pay GT $3,000 due to lost gate receipts for GT.  So Cumberland grabbed 12-14 dudes from a fraternity to play against GT who at the time was the best team in college football.  It would be like Alabama today playing against a bunch of random students from another school.  Sports in their infancy stages in the early 1900s were a joke compared to what we see today.  That goes for every sport..... at both the amateur and professional level."
15:04 I bet you have beautiful nightmares
Your video is awesome! What a crazy story, first I'd ever heard of it, insanely interesting.
"I'm gonna destroy your football team" but Mr Heisman, we don't have a football team "well then get one so I can pummel it" but "I'll financially cripple you if you don't" yes sir sorry sir
Cumberland University is actually my hometown's school. It's as shitty as that score
After all the silly crap in this “game” why wouldn’t you believe they tied two players together as one lol
This should be a movie.
Law students should’ve sued
Terrible narration.  Uninteresting.  Goofy accounts of 21 men falling down or overrunning the play & the ball carrier trips over a teammate whose looking for his glasses?  Just stop it, already!  A complete waste of time.
My dad was offered to play at Cumberland when he went 2 college their because they where desperate 4 players and my dad had never played football before but he played soccer but he turned them down
13:00 omg im dying. That's too funny.
If you team give up 222 points, you don't even need to be playing football. Throw the whole football program away. 🚮
one time in 7th grade or football tea held a team to -26 yards
gt were 221 point favorites
If you have Apple turn on classic invert at 1:00
i wish this would have been on film
Why do they float up into the ceiling
Poor Edward...
He trips over team mate
How long did it take to make this?
Lol I went to Cumberland my freshman year.
What do you use to create and edit the animations in these?
I really wish there were cameras to video this game
how is this even possible??
4:07 did you see September 30 They beat Mercer 61 to nothing. Pretty high, but nothing compared to their next game...
Why was the football an almond?
Who knew John Heisan could be so scary
this is so god damn beautiful
How is it even possible to be this bad
they should totally be a movie
i laughed so hard at this
Not gonna lie, that music at the end scares the shit out of me
This kinda reminds of the London silly nanies vs the patriots in family guy
32 touchdowns, 6 first downs, 0 passes lmao
This is horror
Heisman is the moron who invented the forward pass? Screw that guy for ruining football!
It's Duck Duck Greyduck not Duck Duck Goose.
JESUS FUCKING CRIST! THATS SOOO DAM BAD IT MAKES THE BROWNS A SUPER BOWL CONTENDER!
maybe they gave you the choice of kicking or receiving if the offense is extremely tired and you know that the defense could stop them. Still an odd rule though.
Where do you work to be able to do this?
It's an almond
Heisman... that photo screams respect me or be smithen. He's been dead a long time but if he were alive and gave me that look in the photo.. shivers
Still better than the Browns.
I believe the reason you would have an option to kick or receive at this time is that there was no rule that the ball must travel 10 yards to be recovered by the kicking team. It wasn't until the early 1920s that the NFL established that rule. So I imagine a team would opt to kick gambling that they could recover the ball in better field position, knowing that if they choose to receive anyway the other team has the choice of attempting to pin them deep, or gamble on field position and attempt to recover the kick themselves
Really nice video, good job
I would've liked to watch the game
Why all the obnoxious sound effects at 15 minutes?
This is the worst editor of videos ever
Is this a football game or a horror movie
Watching this while watching the patriots game
15:35 did the world end
This must have been weird to referee
I never knew a football game could be so weird and creepy
Was edwords the one the only SCOTTTT STEARLLLLING
31 touchdowns and six first downs.
I don't understand the graphic at 10:15.  What does "yards left on field" mean?
Dude you need to manage your audio levels better, sound effect were waaayyyyyy too loud.  Had to turn volume down then your mic was so low I couldn’t hear so had to turn it back up
worst d3 team vs alabama and the record would be broken
It was a farce.
This is a good scoreigami
I wish there was a vid of this game
Well Cumberland did have more passing yards?
Stop the sounds
Why the creepy ass music
I was crying for most of the video
The Musique Concrete at 14:53 gave me an anxiety attack.
Dude that music at the end like 10 times louder than everything else
Nice video but the sound difference between music and talk is far to big I love to keep my ears in one piece
The lesson is: Never Anger A Football God
I'd like a full reenactment with real actors of this game :D
this has me in fucking stitches
"I could see it in future if rules were changed a bit. 
CUMBERLAND 2







BROWNS 0"
tomorrow is 111 years! Half the score
i know this video is over a year old, but who the hell thought putting that annoying ass music in this video and then said "lets make that shitty music 4× louder than everything else in the video"? this video wasnt made so far back that there was no equalizers. one rewatching of ur own video could have made this an excellent video, but no u just edited it and said "fuck it, everything is fine". went from a like and a favorite from me for the good content, to just me leaving this shitty comment about how u can edit correctly.
The moral of the story: do NOT piss off John Heisman.
g
John Heisman be like "Bill Belichick? Never heard of her".
11:51 imagine ur just going about your business at SB studios and Jon Bois has set up a huge mini football field in his cubicle.
I disagree with this being the worst beatdown ever. They won 222-0 in football, there was a 108-3 beatdown in baseball once. I think that's even more extreme, considering the modern equivalent is 30-3 for baseball and for football it's 73-0. The Cincinnati Red Stockings won 108-3 against the Union Club of Urbana on May 25, 1870.
AKINATOR!!!! FOR THE LAST TIME, IM NOT LOOKING FOR SECRETARIAT IM LOOKING FOR A MONITER!!!!!
How about a Pretty Good episode about Centralia PA.
That was on old picture of GT stadium with the old ACC logo
this is depressing.
The music is so creepy.
What programs do you use to make your videos? They're super well-made!
That's what you call a schlacking!!!!!! It's so unbelievable you have to say it like Sean Connery!!!!! lol
The kick off caught for td doesn't seem possible, either he ran 80 yards in 3 seconds, or he kicked the ball 300 meters high. So some of the recounting of this must be inaccurate. I mean after 100 points would the official scorer even care anymore.
Lol they kinda deserved it tbh. It was such a shitty thing to do in the first place so it figures he'd want his revenge.
It would have been 222 - 7 if the teammate wasn't there
This was one weird game
That's fucked up
Somewhere I read that the 2nd half of this game was shortened to 17:30.
I would have loved to watch this game tbh. It sounds so damn entertaining😂😂😂
So this is why Georgia college football iswhat it is now, karma
Can we get rid of the hardware store music
Of all the weird crap that happened in the game why don't you believe two injured players weren't tied together and sent in? Are their other weird accounts you don't think actually happened?
I bet the lawyers could beat the Browns
Hey, 35 yards is a pretty good punt for Cumberland
0:00
Is this real
Absolutely brilliant using a steam engine losing traction at 1:52 as an audio metaphor for the football game being a ridiculous blowout.
"My question is
Why r they playing football while every other male (old enough) where fighting in WW1. Weren't they drafted. And an entire male generation and almost 2 was lost in the war. 
I salute those true men (rest in peace to all men that died in the war and in WW2)"
This isn't impressive
Go Dawgs
lol I live in Lebanon and I go to Cumberland all the time also my mom went to Cumberland
Wtf I was unsubbed from jon for no reason
Nice profile picture.
This turned into a how to basic video
imagine if they made a movie about this game?
Fishy woods is the fucking goat
Speak up ur way to quiet
i like the horror music 👍
Is Cumberland College still a school? Do they still have a football team?
I wish there was footage of this game😂💯
Imagine getting your face fucked up like that in a game as pointless as this one... it makes my soul cringe
This video made me hate Georgia Tech
Yeah this video is a fake. Not a single clip of the game. You are pathetic and it's no wonder you are such a loser. I'd kill myself if I had to be you.
Thanks for the constant ear rape
I would love to see this game todau
What the fuck was 3:31
Lmao wtf. I would just walk off after the first play save urself from injuries , embarrassment , etc
first video of yours i've seen, absolutely love it, great editting and i love the little details you put in like the stop motion
How come CUMberland couldn't score 444 points??
Dang I had Cumberland as my fantasy defense
Jesus the LSD trip at 15:08 is fking insane.
He runs and hides behind a fence, and two players also hiding being the fence throw him back over the fence.
Love the context but I can barely hear you. Turned up as loud as I can I can hear everything else but the voice.
Disliked because that music was so fucking loud, fuck you
This one game is not a football game, this is a genocide emerged from leather and fear. They could have at least tried to comeback with 1/4 of what they had.
Uploaded under brutal to porn hub
F O O T B A L L
This is art
"They only got six first downs from scoring 222 points.
Six.  
ROFL"
how about a decent mix on one of these videos?
That was the most annoying minute (15:00 to 16:00). Most annoyingly frustrating noises ever.
I dont know how i got here. I don't even know much of American Football. But this videos is glorious. It's like a fever nightmare that combines one of the wierdest statistical sport event in history with the aesthetics of a Kubrick movie. I love this.
Hey it's not Cumberland College it's Cumberland University
What does it mean by yards left on the field ?
How can they associate prestige with this assholes name?!?!
Falcons could still figure out way to lose
Just a reminder that the figures seen in the video are playing with an almond
Who else is here from FivePoints Vids?
I had no idea my Madden game needed a step up.
You make fucking great videos
I remember telling my friends older brother about this game and they laughed at me for a solid hour.  This was years before the internet so I couldn't prove it.
Back then rankings were by how many points you scored. There is a great book "You Dropped It You Pick It Up" about the game.
I am born and raised Lebanese living in Lebanon TN most my life. Cumberland is my hometown college. This lost and home to Cracker Barrel is our claim to fame. The UT Volunteers avenged us last Saturday.
Can I have that almond
my schools god damn junior team could do better
These videos are awesome
Wild dogs still exist in Detroit
The whole "kicker catches their own kick-off for a touchdown" has happened several times in the Arena League because of the nets behind each endzone
Whoa.
15:12 How did Wood manage to fly into the sun?
after hearing the two players tied together part it sorta wrecked it for me. made the whole story sound bullshit.
6:53 I just finished the video, and I'm still laughing about this play 😂
If you had Cumberland with 200 points, YOU LOST!
I got a pretty good story you can do. It's about a highschool basketball team that played a majority of a game 2 vs 5 and even went to 1 vs 5 and still managed to win. I don't remember the specifics of the story but it was really interesting. I think it would make a pretty good story. I heard it on a NPR segment
Man cumberland almost won it was tight!
"""sometimes a weak expression of pity is the deepest act of cruelty""

I kinda want to get that as a tattoo..."
Score machine 🅱️roke
I feel like he made this so he can play with his toys
Can someone PLEASE tell me what song is playing at 00:34 or who the artist that is playing the saxophone is? Please? It is gorgeous!
Was this supposed to be a horror movie
15:02 this is where shit becomes "oh hell no"
Can someone please explain to me what happened to woods face on the last play
Jesus chill with the scary music its 3am
Wish there was footage on this game
A sound warning please? That ending almost made me deaf
Anyone else here from procrastinators?
You should start uploading these again I love these
When the 2016 Cowboys offense faces the 2013 Cowboys defense
stumbles at knees finally I have found the heaven of good content
This was just really sad... and horrifying at times.
Actually Tom Landry invented the shotgun snap
They threw him over the fence
It can happen but a Division 1 FBS has to play a D2-NAIA
7:22–7:32 I don't know about college or NFL, but kicking off after you got scored on is still a rule in the NFHS (High School) rule book.
2:25 thus began the lob pass
What an absolutely phenomenal video.
This scared ne a bit
When c'mon man goes too far
What happened to his face
Oh my ears what a sound
In madden once I did that but controlled both teams the losers would endlessly do safety's and winners would throw Hail Marys vs kick block plays (Max points=256) but I counted points to 300
What exactly happened on the climb the ladder play?
3:31 JOHN CENA
Gosh men are stupid
The Ball was a walnut LMFAO
that "ladder play" was hysterical 😂
I know literally nothing about american football, but it doesn't matter because this was hilarious
I'm not a football fan, and watching this video has left me traumatised.
Hopefully no one bet on Cumberland to win this game
osu scored 128 in a game
The one where they sit in a circle -- is that game 4397? What year did it start, 12469?
oh my god!!!!! i lost it when it was 77-0 and they had a chance to score on the kickoff with no opponent near him. but then he runs over his teammate and is down. the player was looking for his glasses!!!! I WAS LEGIT CRYING IN TEARS !!!!!!!!
The music is retarted
Hey, Jon when is season 3 coming my man, i love your show even though you're a chiefs fan
ur videos r cool man
"it was great until the 15 minute mark. 
then you went all ""art project"" and ruined it."
"""WHERE'S YOUR GOD NOW??!!""
–John Heisman, that day, probably"
I know the coaches there
I live in Lebanon
Anyone else get a creepy vibe from this vid?
EmpLemon Shouted you out bro! He also shouted out Urinatingtree
Damn Hiesman invented the forward pass and didn't even pass the ball once.
if I ever get a time machine I have to see this
Can I get a roast beef hoagie on wheat?
This is just cruel.
This is the most absolutely horrifying thing I have ever witnessed in relation to professional sports. The sheer number of circumstances that existed to make this happen is nothing short of absolutely insane. I love it so damn much. You do not fuck with John Heisman. He will extract vengeance on you and your entire school and their sanity and their very souls. Attempting to use human language to sum up this event is an insult to it's magnificence. You're better off making an assortment of horrifying mouth noises to describe it.
anyone from emplemon
15:09 Special guest appearance by HowToBasic
This is pretty good
3:34 WHO BROKE THE VIOLIN!
Is this real?
The music at 15:20 reminds me of when SpongeBob goes to the future
Holy shit Jon keep doing what you're doing.
Omg 222-0 I almost fainted
"I'm pretty sure the ""elect to kickoff after the opponent scored"" rule is a vestige from rugby. In Rugby union, the scoring team always receives after a score. This is because field position can be more important than possession. In rugby the ball is turned over way more: A fumble if the ball goes forward is a turnover regardless of who recovers it; running out of bounds is a turnover; a forward pass is a turnover; and play doesn't stop at a tackle, so the ball can be ""poached"" by the defense at any time. 

This means that the scoring team receiving the ball deep in their own end of the field is a gain for the team that was just scored on.

100 years ago, American football was still working this all out. Fumbles were more common, and the ball moved much more slowly than today. So if your team got scored on, it might be a good strategy to elect to kickoff again in hopes of making the opposing team punt from deep in their own territory."
"i've never heard sound work that made me say 'that guy should make a full-length film'
you should make a film. i'm guessing you have. you've certainly wanted to. link it. do it. link it.
i'm also a guy you've probably heard of, so you should do what i say."
your intros are pretty good, m8
My grandad went to Cumberland 😂
I'm watching with 222k views
Hey, I love your stuff. You are a terrific storyteller and narrator.  Please though work on the audio. I am specifically referring to the section where you had the agonizing music playing to symbolize the agony that the game was, but the levels for the music made it unpleasant to watch. On some level, that choice makes complete sense since it is supposed to make it hard to watch for the viewer, but it comes out of nowhere which hurts the listener and makes them want to turn the video or audio off. I still love your variety of story telling using facts and narrative in a cooperative manner.
this video was a work of beauty
So they scored 222 points w/o a forward pass? Lololol
Hey! That's pretty good.
I just witnessed a massacre. A stop-motion, plastic man massacre.
15:10 - 16:00 looks like a how to basic video
Hey Jon, I don't know if you still read the comments on this one, but if you do, I have a story. I first saw this video in December, maybe January. Just a few weeks later, my grandpa was dying in the hospital, and my mom was pretty absent from my life for a little bit, spending basically every spare moment with him. I was putting off going to visit him, because I was scared. When I finally did go, I told him this story. It was the last conversation we ever had. Thank you for making this video. Thank you for giving me one last great memory with the man who passed his love of sports, storytelling and oddity on to me.
Vishe woods part made me die of laughter I'm crying😂😂😂😂😂
I believe this is what you would call a Scorigami.
GT didn't even pass
great videos but your musics are far too loud compared to your voice
Probably what would happen if I tried to play football
"Pretty good.

A series made up of videos that are pretty good."
where can we buy this book
the time the Cumberland player just layed down with his "dead" teammates at the ten was oddly depressing to me
did anyone else notice that he used an almond for the ball
when you set madden to rookie
Rookie mode on Madden.
this is the fakes thing ever lmao
what is it with the ear rape
This was lit
yes, well done!!!
My god imagine the Georgia tech defense fantasy points
Do a pretty good for the Michigan v Appalachian State game
Please make more of these
i cant imagine any organized sporting event at any level where the players choose to lay down on the field instead of play the game. like i don't think 6 year olds would do that
Wow that game really went down to the wire I thought Cumberland had it at the end there
This needs to be a fucking movie
"A lot of people try to give advice on how and why you should change.
Keep doing exactly what you're doing"
Just guessing, I'm pretty sure kicking after being scored one was a rule for 2 reasons. 1, a holdover fro Rugby. and 2nd, because offense was far less prevalent at the time, it could be advantageous in the field-position game if you were confident enough in your defense.
No. Way. This is impossible literally!
Is there any footage to this game
Still a better love story than Twilight
Literally you couldn't make this stuff up 😂
This is amazing content. Needs to be recognized! Keep up the good work man!
I've watched this video like 6 times in a row because it's so entertaining!
The Cleveland legend heisman
His name was.... Robert Paulson.
The music at the end was horrific
Guess what?!?  I live in the city with the worst beat down in history!! Lebanon TN!! lol I live 5 minutes away!
this was kind of creepy
This was sickening.
They punted on third-and-one!?!?!?
How the fuck did he catch his own kick. That sounds impossible
On the team bus or train back to Cumberland, it could not have been pleasant for the 2 guys who spent most of the game hiding in the bushes.
Well, if you put a D1 college football team against a group of law students who have never played football in today's time, the result would be pretty similar.
somebody make this into a movie!!!!
This is by far one of the most entertaining sports "documentaries" I've ever seen. The Heisman pictures had me in tears!
lol it's shocking this really happened . Amazing fucking video my friend. The time put into it is noticed and appreciated. New Sub
15:25 turn your volume way down
The amount of shit that happened in that game is just stupid. A kicker caught his own kick
Make more videos?  Please?
I am a Georgia Tech graduate and even I feel sorry for Cumberland College after knowing the full story thanks to you.
Vichy Woods is SCOTT STERLING!!!!
I used to play with those football figured
this dude needs more subs
I wish there was a video of this. It sounds ridiculous 😂😂😂
All of these rules changes and shit would never have happened either.
This shit was sooo funny 😂😂😂😂😂
Anyone know the song at 16:33?
You should do a pretty good on the 1908 National League Pennant Race.
15:28 earrape
Man your channel is probably if not the best the best sports channel on YouTube
In my opinion this is the biggest L in history
200th comment
I remember this game,  feels like it was just yesterday
and people only talk about how "no one will ever beat wilt chamberlain's 100 point game" um that seem more possible compared to this, even if they tried to on purpose just to make history it would still not be possible to do this
Holy shit this game is like a collection of amazing short stories tolled into one game
Does anybody know if or when he'll do more of these?
Great vid. Inspired by 2001? lol
"JUST LET THEM DIE JOHN
PLEASE"
Nice video
This scared me
When your team sucks in call of duty.
13:10 LOL
"Grown men" they were college kids btw. Not grown men.
Um, wasn't Cumberland opting to kick rather than receive after scoring the sensible thing? They clearly weren't going to advance the football far, so they get better field position by kicking off rather than punting (or fumbling) from scrimmage.
lol
These stories are always fascinating because they are so at odds with the way we usually idealize the past.  We tend to think modern sportsmanship among many other things has gotten a lot worse over the years.
Great job! Very entertaining and surprisingly informational.
Did anybody realise that they misspelled Tulane on the program at 6:06?  They spelled it Tulan; not Tulane.
15:00-16:00 I was so close to just jumping out my window. Holy shit.
"15:00 - 16:00 was honestly hard to watch and the audio was badddd

great vid otherwise"
first good laugh in a long time
I love how they use an almond as a football
this wasn't a video... it was a work of art... good job...
did How To Basic take over at the end?
As crazy as it seems, I don't think it's necessarily completely unbreakable. Some insane shit happens between those Division III schools. Hell, half of them barely take some sports programs seriously, like the Caltech Mens' Basketball team who lost like 3 hundreds of games in a row for like a decade before finally snapping the longest losing streak I've ever seen in any organized sport.
There gave been literal WARS with less malice.
it's sad your in such a fancy looking recording booth, but the volume of this video is so low.
THE FEELINNG WHEN YOUR A RAMBLING WRECK FROM GEORGIA TECH, BUT A HELL OF AN ENGINEER!!! God I wish we were still this dominant XD
Worst ass whooping ever
I actually live in the town where Cumberland University is. I can check to see if they have any records of this.
Do you have a list of the music played in the background? It was a very beautiful soundscape and I'd like to look more into it!
Disclaimer: Don't watch while high
I wish we had video of it
that violin music toward the end was overbearing and went on for way too long. However, I like this channel and this video!
This was terrifying
Hey, that's pretty good
This took a dark turn at the end
Heeeey that's pretty goood
imagine how much the band had to play the fight song lol
I've never laughed so hard in my life lol
what happened to his face
gods way of karma in sports
Put a seizure warning here dear God
Wow great video dude ! I really enjoyed these lovely practical effects.
sounds like most of that book is fiction
What happened to his face
I really shouldn't have watched this before going to bed...
I respect you for the amount of time you put into this masterpiece. Thank you!
why do i find this creepy
What was that montage starting at 15:11
This video gave me nightmares
this video is lowkey super creepy
when you have 0 pass yards ans win by 222
one time Vanderbilt scored 340
Georgia Tech was playing chess while Cumberland was playing candyland
CALVIN AND HOBES!!!!!
Lol at least Cumberland can boast more passing yards
John Madden: The only reason Georgia Tech won is because they scored more points.....lots of it
"This should be a scenario in NCAA 17. 
(Is there an NCAA 17? I don't have a console. Maybe that's why everyone is saying ""Madden"" despite these not being fucking NFL teams!)"
down vote just for the obnoxious music at 15 mins insane and no need for it
This is the most fantastic video I have ever watched
Man... Heisman is a straight up savage
so did vichy woods receive permanent facial injuries, or was that just temporary swelling?
I think most of us would be in the same position those Cumberland "players" were tbh...
Yeah! I'm a gt fan!
I had Cumberland +221 in this one...bad luck.
A part of the story that I don't think is true is the guy catching his own kickoff. Not even the fastest player of today could run 70 yards downfield while a kicked ball remained in the air.
This is hilarious! Totally cheered my son up after WMU lost earlier! Thank you! <3
you know practice had to suck that next day
11:53 who's that in the back??! 😱
As a tech player this makes me smile
why wouldnt they just kneel it and run the clock lol
I've never been interested in sports, but the particular subject matter that you cover and the way you tell (and reenact) the stories you choose to tell are immensely entertaining and informative.  I feel like this video did an excellent job of, in a matter of just under 35 seconds, imposing how important Heisman was to modern-day football to someone who has never actually watched a full game of the sport in his life.
I want to see the box score so I can see the fantasy scores! This is crazy!!!
This story is amazing! love it man! I laughed so damn hard lol
are the things you said at 0:05 real things that happened?? or did you make them up?
AWESOME AWESOME AWESOME !!!  Well done.
omg lol this is crazy!!
I wish all historical sports blowout analysis devolved into a Lynchian nightmare.
I wish you or someone though would do something on that time the Washington Generals won cause I've always been curious about it
your show is the best show about sports
as always, amazing video
This took a real "Don't Hug Me, I'm Scared" turn at the end
8:35 HOW CAN YOU BE THAT BAD?????
pretty good Jon
So something like 7-1 when translated to football/soccer?
Damm now I want almonds.
There are about 5 things I don't believe a word of.
I mean I can't let no one score that much while I'm on the field I would have to fight someone before that happens
They fucked with Heisman!?!?!  That's like angering Lombardi, what the fuck XD.  They angered a God.
and i thought i was being mean for wanting washington to put up 80 on oregon
Finally you're getting the views you deserve
Damn, that was like in Jackass 3(?) when Preston took a kicked ball to the face.
It's poetry that on the day after you uploaded this, Michigan annihilated Rutgers 78-0.
"Jon, wheres breaking madden?


And also, this is a true work of art. I've been looking for an accurate account of this game for months, so i ordered Heismans First Trophy: The Game That Launched Football in the South by Sam Hatcher. Maybe you should give it a look at."
You're pretty good.
What is the intro song?
gg no re
That isn't a beating, that's a war crime.
As someone with little interest in football, I think this video's great. The animation, editing, narration and use of music are on point, great job man/
Belichek would be proud
I died
This feels like a real life version Breaking Madden.
Is that Stockhausen at the end there?
I love your videos but please work on your sound balancing.
Heisman and Tywin Lannister would have gotten along well.
Step up your webcam game. You got a good mic.
unsubbed... too many ads
Please turn up your audio level.
Please keep videos like this coming! We love it!
Jon, this is amazing. Well done.
as. one. man.
Wait what happened to Vichy?
Jon is this series just secretly a way to justify to your boss why you're playing with plastic football figures all day
Interesting video!. What allowed Heisman to threaten to fine cumberland?
"Pretty Good" is a terribly presumptuous title. These are "so very tremendously fucking good."
Awesome video! Love the stop motion re-enactments. Can I ask how you did the motion graphics in the stadium? Like what programs you used to get the 3D stadium and track in graphics?
Song at 5:00 Anyone?
I am in love with your style of stop-motion animation. It's uncanny how you make faceless, motionless plastic figures convey so much emotion.
Pretty good
how do you find these amazing stories?
You should do one of these on soccer games. Like when Australia beat American Samoa 31-0 or when AS Adema scored 149 own goals against SO l'Emyrne
ever heard of audio levelling jon?
Your channel is absolutely amazing.
You talk quietly and then play loud sound effects.  I hate you.
A little bit of HowToBasic at the end?
These are seriously amazing I die laughing every time
Reminds me if a Texas highschool basketball team that got beat like 110-0. I can at least see a team never scoring a touchdown or a field goal (though allowing 222 pts. worth of them through your defense is obscene), but how the hell do you never score a single basket?
What did your co-workers think of you playing with football toys and recording it with stop motion for hours
Wow, that 1916 Georgia Tech football team was pretty good.
Where did you get the information about Vichy Woods?
Best video I have seen in a long time. Thanks jon
Real life Breaking Madden.
YES, I've been waiting for a month, I love your series man!
Halloween theme perfection. This is horror.
Am I the only one that doesn't understand anything? Did the bad team lose on purpose?
"just like to say that these are so good, whenever they get uploaded I stop what I'm doing/watching, and start casting YouTube to my TV... and I have next to zero interest in American sports.

favourites so far are the marathon, and the drug addled baseball player."
"Jon, recreate this game in Madden. 

It's your destiny."
this is so good
Since you are on a streak about horrifically inept teams, consider doing a video about Andrea Moda, the single worst team in any motorsports ever. https://web.archive.org/web/20080509074334/http://f1rejects.com/teams/andreamoda/index.html
that was pretty good
Pretty good but the sound quality is not great when you're narrating
jon this is amazing
Awesome!
Love the original format of this show
The only way I could have imagined that score if it was some sort of exhibition, Harlem Globetrotters situation. The truth was way more interesting.
great work jon! it's a shame more people don't see these
"Greatest match of any sport ever! (at least for someone who doesn't watch sports)
I wonder how is this not a movie"
Seeing this in my inbox made me so happy
That editing really brought out the brutality that poor Cumberland had to deal with. You're a great story teller Jon. Keep it up.
I wonder what iDubbbz would say about his series?
The title totally killed that joke in the beginning
These stories are insane to me because it shows how "wild West" sports were back then. Can you imagine a team dressing a minor league team for a college game today?
As always Jon...this was pretty good. Keep up the pretty good work!!
First!
