“He got perm banned hehehe”
That outtro tho
ur hair looks rank
this is just saw on low graphics ( pg ) he takes bad people and gives them a chance for life aka saw.
Me seeing hacker in my server Banned from server or Punish Y/N Y/N Punish Auto generating Obsidian prison (if break it come back again)
jonathan wasn't even hacking
very entertaining
That’s not the same Jonathan you killed both Jonathan’s (the one hacking and the legit one) good job jack
Why is Jack humping a hoe
Perm ban a random player
That Jonathan was noe star.
I love your dressing gown. #NewZealand
“Aw he’s just set himself on lava...” Yep, wonderful.
Do you even know what perma ban means? Its when you ban someone for a lifetime (permanent) not few days
Why is this in my recommended? I dont even watch minecraft videos.
how did i end up on a fucking minecraft video sksksksk
ok now this is epic
i think some hackers just hack because they want to get trolled
this channel is absolute cancer, why the fuck is this getting recommended to me, fuck off yt algorythms
Everyone stop hating if you are going to hate stop watching you are literally giving him money because you clicked the video
seeing this makes me kinda want to hack, but i still wont. i promise
1:52 Can't you just tape down M1?
"he landed on the pink pokeball" me being triggered: "excuse me sir but that is a masterball"
I trusted Jonathan too, but I got a little suspicious when about one interaction sooner. Funny stuff
people still play this
there was a 1:30 ad and no skip button
What is this even doing in my recommendations, I have never even seen or watched content like this. Did youtube get dropped on its head or something?
Why is he humping a hoe in his outro one like = 1 hoe saved
lmao little kids getting triggered over this guy being shit talked
ur an opp. no cap
bro this is cringe why is it recommended to me
perma ban for not playing a shit game cool, not to mention epilepsy -_- man child alert
So you’re saying if I hack on your server, you’ll send me to the dropper map. Cool, I am horrible at servers so I probably wouldn’t be able to figure out how to get to the dropper ??
armor doesnt affect drop damage by the way lol
why do you even care if someone farms mobs
Ooh his perm ban is scary, who even hacks on Minecraft are you seirous
Fuck this
1.2M views man.. Jack, you're doing it son!
Yo Jack some guy named Amascut at 5:52 is apparently "Back" and being a racist D-bag to jews and black people you should probably perm-ban him
Shouldn’t you of perm banned prisoner, he didn’t play along did he?
Not hackers, cheaters. Entirely different concept. Also, jesus christ breathe for a change.
...the outro...
Its just minecraft you fucking loser. Let those guys do whatever. Is this some sort of superiority complex. Fucking jackass loser.
Wow, you're a bit of a dick
pathetic
It’s Ringo!
Did that just say "You got Diddled"? XD
I really don't understand why this is appearing in my recommend video thing.
I watched gay porn and this came up in my recommendations, everything seems to be working fine here.
skinny nerd cunt
Not a subscriber, not a fan and definitely don't know who you are. This was recommended to me... for some unknown reason. But you get a like for your sense of humour and your accent.
dosent seem legal
Should’ve set their spawn points at the dropper, and let them go on for a bit. That would’ve been more fun
Its my first time watching one of your videos
Why do sound like a Severus snape and squidward had a love child?
I don't have hacks. I have a Texture Pack that has only ores enabled to see. Is that hacks?
How the fuck did I end up on some gay ass minecraft video
what the fuck did i just watch...
Who the fuck uploads minecraft anymore
how do i install powertool?
When will your server be on nintendo switch
new generation dantdm?
From unspeakablegaming worlds longest rainbow dropper vid
Stolen thumbnail
I mean, they could just leave...
"Since he played along, he will get banned for only 28 days" Instantly in chat he gets banned for 30
Unban Jonathan! He was using creeper eggs as self defense! And it’s also jacks fault for not clearing his inventory! Played Like so jack can see!
what the fuck is this fetus of a human doing on my recommendations
okay so this doesn’t make any since, but i thought he was hacking computers that belonged to computer hackers, and somehow got them stuck in a shitty 3rd party version of a minecraft dropper map
Check chat at 5:53 lol
Why is this in my recommended
You’re such a prick.
best outro I’ve ever seen
You're so pathetic
What is this cancer?
13:57 we all know what happened last time he did this... nO LøNg t3rM DaMAgE!
first video ive seen of yours. it was recommended on the side. holy shit i love your voice
You look up dropper mods for Fallout 4 one time and you get Minecraft shoveled into your dash for 3 months... Of course, now I want to play this dropper map...
ok please get out of my recommended now
5:08 WHERE DID YOU FIND THAT COFFEE MUG!? I want one!
Johnathan: the betrayer
I love what you do to hackers! Its so funny to see them read the signs and watch them fall.
Wow so many butt hurt hackers disliking the video. If you cant play fair, dont play.
how do you get colors onto sign text ? is it a server plugin
I almost puked due to the ugly old headphones
i thought u died from ligma?
So much dislikes?
You should do this but give the hacker levitation halfway through them falling
If prisoner ran away, why did he get 30d?
You harassed a few 10 year olds and then bribed them with 2 days off a 30 day ban in order to make a couple thousand dollars? Wow, Minecraft really is entertaining.
DID YOU JUST CALL THE MASTER BALL A PINK POKEBALL
QUICK EVERYBODY TELL ME THE AD YOU GOT IN THE VIDEO!!!!
I love your vids
I lobe tour vids
Tbh, if I were handling these bans, I'd just not give them a free pass out if they've done the dropper. Hacking is a conscious act of ruining the game for others, the least they can do is provide some amusement to entertain the community they tried to destroy.
TOP OF THE MORNIN TO YOU LADDIES, MY NAME IS JACKSUCKSATLIFE
Pure cancer is what you are
Piss off with this recommended minecraft bullshit
you got diddled
Jack its a Master ball not a pink pokeball
For every minute you spend watching this video. One girl in your contacts will automatically be deleted.
force hackers to build a 6x6 piston door
Your a dick jacksucksatlife
'30 day perm ban'
i honestly hope you will die minefag
love the outro btw
Hacker PVP tournament, the survivor gets a ban reduction.
WC_Wolf is a known hacker 8:55
It’s 1:01 AM NOW... I’ve been binging your videos
Also this is a good idea more sever admins should do it
oh God ive found a portal back in time to 2012 NO STAY BACK YOU FIEND
Who tf is this guy banning people, he needs to be banned in my opinion
I wanna play your server buttttttttttt I dont know how to join
nyan cat
the first one has some crazy reaction time lol hahah
That outro ??
What texture pack does jack use?
poppin zits and jerking off the dog.... minecraft players
RIP DropThatCombo, got 30 days, not 28. Jack’s a liar.
5:09 Lemme have a quick sip pulls out a Sonic mug;)
The last ban, Johnathan wasn’t even hacking... Ya cunt.
None of them deserved this punishment what the hell bloody broke my hand thanks to you! Disliked and reported
should have broke the bedrock below him lol
7:36 pause and read all chat
I like how when you die it says "You got diddled"
you look like xQc
do a one where they play 30 mini games if they beat all 30 games no ban if they hack permban if they loose they get however many games they beat tooken off there ban
5:52 omfg lmao
why did he ban prisoner?
I didn;t watched that shit, but they are cheaters, not hackers...
forcing girls to have sex with you
I am SICK and TIRED of minecraft hackers >:(
0:05 Oh boy, I wonder why nobody has done this before
Im pretty sure alot of people are now hacking to get into your video's
I hate Minecraft,but I like your content
Jack how do u log inn and play on the server plz tell me
No ban hack
Fiverr Jesus should praise them praise be!
Fake af
'First time a hacker didn't get banned in 116 episodes' Episode 115. HMMMMMM
thats actually massive
Just spent about 2 hours cheating on this guys server, mods had no clue. Full killaura, fightbot etc
Good script
Jonathan is an animal
You hit three Hackers with 1 bolder
It’s 2018 who still uploads Minecraft
If ur an hacker on minecraft it means ur life got to be low
Jack You Banned Prisoner He Was Innocent He Wasn't Hacking!
Theres a reason you get so many dislikes.
this vid sux Did you see why I crossed it because it doesn’t suck
5:15 He set him self on lava?
D i d d l e d
Your wearing a NZ shirt I’m from NZ and I’m so proud lel
doesn't everyone suck at life
Power trip
i get it he is humping a hoe
“Pink pokeball” that’s a goddamm master ball
I died when he broke the map ??????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????
I suck at life to.
11:33 that shirt said New Zealand
This is why I don't play online. Got a bunch of little kids hacking and it's annoying af
4:15 I love how you can actually tell how confused he gets LMAO
0:10 biTcH haaHahA
That actually is impossible to pass, someone has to be VERY lucky or have hacks to do it
Wait wait he said he was banished... wha?
1 MILLION VIEWS AY
1 million views!
L I T T L E P I N K P O K E B A L L
1,000,000th view!
Here before 1 mill views
Lol 999k views
Millionth view
10/10 jack..10/10
999,991 views
YO YO YO
1:50 Killaura* He just sets it to attack mobs
forcing u to stop being cool
WHERES YOUR FORE HEAD! AHHHHHH
Why so many dislikes
comments 25% WHY IS THIS IN MY RECOMMENDED fuck off why did you click the video to comment you could just ignore it
Why does this remind me of saw
Whos here from jack's "Dont DO IT" video?
I’m gonna subscribe cause I like your name
lil scumbag
what were you doing with that HOE ? 14:36
Do staff picks how long a hacker gets banned
Why does he like a choking rat
10k likes 5k dislikes
Your funny as hell
gets banned welp time for roblox banned screen shows FORTNITE
Ur such a cunt
This is hilarious
Who plays Minecraft
Jack if they log out after getting caught I would perm band them ??
Should've add lives, like you get 3 attempts or something.. xD
All the dislike are all the people who got banned for the year
Why does this have so many dislikes?
Johnathan I trusted you!
You hated my to this game. Fuck off.
And what’s the port
Is this server on Minecraft pe/ Mobile?
Jack I’ve hacked, but I could Help you catch hackers by knowing how they are seeing things, and how the GUI looks
5k dislikes
is it a perm banned from Minecraft or from that server
Doni bones has
The pink pokeball?? ITS A MASTERBALL!!
Why didn’t he. Get a perm ban for logging out?
I x-rayed a dropper once. Facepalm.
#robloxisbetterthanminecraft
Jack you should’ve done every single time the Hakka dies he has one day to his ban. Like if you agree.
Umm your perm banning people who should have a 30-60 day ban
5000th dislike :P
PICK POKEBALL is a master ball
You should be banned bitch you ass hole. All you do is ban people
Where are u from
nice
I didnt know there were hack police...
Can't they just make a new access and hack on that acc?
Actual adults playing fucking Minecraft....... I've seen it all
wheres jeff goldblum
what texture pack do you use?
I feel bad for Jonathan, I believe he only started using hacks because he was fighting two hackers so he gave them a taste of their own medicine, but in the end he got the worst punishment #PrayForJonathan
Want to know why there are so many dislikes? That outro...
Says 28 days, bans for 30.
Map download?
Is it even possible to land in the water. You should check that lol
This is inhumane trash.
This is a horrible knock off of rga gameings the hacker games you even said the rules in the same voice
read chat at 5:53 lol
Ran into this video by accident but im really glad I did, nice vid!
This video got recommended to me on some super unrelated video, and it's the first I'm seen from you and it was really fun! I enjoyed it a lot.
why the dislikes?
He's wearing nz top
lol
*me sitting her watching hoping none of the hackers fall in the water*
Calm ur tutors it minecraft hackers
OMFG xD I love tha caht at 5:52
u NZ? You seem to have an NZ shirt
New Zealand jumper! Kiwis, where you at?
Anybody else see the blue swirl emoji in the thumbnail?
14:04 Jack: oh I think I found Jonathan Me: dies of laughter Jack: dies of laughter
Ahhhhhh justice.
Doni has done this to shotgunraids
You should reduce it by more. 28 days is a long time, people get the idea after a few days/a week
Wait U got an NZ T-shirt Yay Also I subbed
YOU ARE CRUEL
LMAO 5:53 CHECK THE CHAT
dislike bot?
only do on you first time jack that is what was on it
10:58 wtf. maybe he is just good. he hacked he heacked becouse he beat you lol. thats how god react
feeling like god? lets play game! permban hackers if you not want them come back. you get them change to come back hacking. perm ban !!! and 1 rule dont make video about it. more hackers come to get in your videos
14:38 is nice
Why tf don’t your headphones fit
0:00 thanks me!
Virgin
if you had xray you could just see the water so i would say perm ban
You would doom any one in a court room
Nofall? Slowfall? Flight? This tickles my pickle. Buuuuut, what if it is sneaky?
Hey jack, Use worldedit to select a region and do /rg create (any name) then do /rg flag (the name you used to create) t and then use the one wich blocks commands :)
Everyone even the “perma ban” got a 30 day ban in chat...
wearing a new zealand shirt I live their
Is he new zealander
Cube never does things like this i wouldnt have been salty about my ban he he did this or something similar
Holy shit I was staff on his old server EvoPVP. I have this guy on Skype (I know discord is the new thing, this was before discord). Crazy how far you've come, Jack.
Hacking xd I guess you don’t know what hacking means
When u do it ur self
Ur a dick head for doing that to people
Arnt u a hacker
U seem like the kid who would tell the teacher everything, & then everyone hated u... now ur doin dis
7:13 thats an ultraball
lol you're wearing a New Zealand jersey.. crack up
show the 1st person view when they jump next time dud3e
So far you are my fav youtuber
I’m loving that New Zealand jersey
I think people are hacking because of your games.
By far, my favorite Minecraft youtuber! Also, a guy named ‘wolfie’ I think, you tp-ed him, and he was on a floating block.
What a dick you are
You sound like dantdm
Ok YouTube I'll fucking watch it
Thanks for clarifying. Thanks
omg i luv minecraft #mcgang
I'm subscribing! :D
oh he landed on the little pink pokeball lmfao
Why do people never dislike comments??
Hey Jack! I got an idea! what about creating an arena for the hackers 1v1? No KA or knockback Only with no hacks? if you heart this you accepted this.
someone please explain what they are getting banned from?
So basically you can fly around and shit and probably hack as well but nobody else is allowed
I don't know why I thought was not good
You should let them at least know where to aim for
during this amazazaing vid i was feeding my car leftover pizza
There not hackers there moders you retard ands it's just minecraft it's stupid
What's that song at the end of your video I MUST KNOW!
Why was this suggested
Wtf is this. Can someone explain? Isn't mine craft just sitting in a fuckin house hiding from zombies?
He has nothing else better to do with his life but ban people in a game that barley anybody cares about plus most people who play it are little kids so congrats you idiot
tbh you ban you only players that give you content so hackers are actually you friend they make you money
Im gonna go on your server just to purposely hack to see what happens one day.
Sorry bursted out laughing at the cow humping the hoe xD
What is the outro song?? cant find it anywhere :c
If I was banned for more than like 5 days I would never come back ??
This youtuber is so f gay
My nigga prisoner did no harm #FreeMyNiggaPrisoner
imagine needing to hack in minecraft
SNITCH
who tf is this nerd? the developer or just some wack ass Minecraft police? someone should ban you for being a bitch
you're a fucking loser kid
fuuck this guy
Hmmm I don’t get it
this isnt hacking, its called flicks. DUMBASS
random guy:what do you for a living? Jack:i play minecraft for bloody squeakers
... I have sunk to new levels...watching minecraft videos. What the fuck is wrong with me fml
Nice new Zealand t_ shirt
No JackSucksAtLife Did This first
ur fukin retrd
Nice zits. Have your balls dropped yet?
this kid is kind of annoying to be dealing with hackers.
This guys a jerk I don’t even hack but this is messed up to do on “MINECRAFT”
Does this make you feel like a real man?
Omg ur dantdm
Jack just to say that I was watching your videos and on around 10 to 12 of the videos have a notice on them saying it's inappropriate and offensive to some viewers.
I'm not interested in mine craft but watching you ban people was interesting
Why is this trashcan in my recommended ?
how can this video get 4K dislikes ????? OMG everyone kepp liking His Videos !!!!!!!!!!! i did :D
It is actually my first time and hell yeah I'll sub to a channel that trolls hackers
A D M I N H E D O I N I T S I D E W A Y S
nice abuse of power for views
Your nose doesnt seem to work m8. You got a very nasally voice, dislike.
Jesus you need too practice speach my friend. Articulate. All I heard here was EHEHEHEAMKNMASKLNGMLKANLEKNLEJANVBEAÖKFJEAÖKFNEAÖKFNEAÖKFNEAÖFNA
I just paused the video.. and god that was a relief.
doni bodes did the dropper for hackers months ago
JOHNATHON HOW COULD YOU??? ??
Power trip
Isn’t he hacking though
Why am I watching some cringe white guy play Minecraft y tf is it on my recommended ???????
:/ what??????
using x-ray yeah that's op, but that auto hit? i mean it's painful to stand and constantly hit mobs, I would consider this as making it less painful to seat through, why ban for that?
Minecraft still exists?!?!?!
ayy whats with the new zealand hoodie
he sound like DanTDM...
"Minecraft Hacker" I just cringed so hard
Wow he looks just like I imagine Minecraft Youtubers. Incredible.
You got diddled :3
now this is a fun way of handling hackers XD
7:21 Suffer yes Sufffer Muahahahah
they probably just bought the game then get banned lol
Af ter the player get ban he gets a gun and kills himself
freaking jonathan man lol
This is how kid depression Happens
Who else now wants to go on his server and just start hacking
2 out of 30 gone? Really?
C R I N G E
frik you (Sorry idk who u r my friend made me do this)
Niggas really ban people for cheating on Minecraft that’s toughhhhh
Why are you in my recommendations.
Hey, if I join, could you tp me to one of these minigames? Not for the ban, I just wanna try it. IGN is TARDISCrafterPJ
MAkes me a little uncomfortable when you say someone got diddled.
You look like you say i will perm ban you in a real life fight
this is cancer lmao
die
U should not decide if someone gets banned its not right let people have fun you retard
Kys
and not a single person actually hacked, they used something someone figured out and as little script kiddies they copied and used software instead of actually doing it themselves. Hacking is information, cracks is games and data. People seem to get these confused.
how the hell did i end up here?
sorry for being mean for that il subscribe :)
no youtubers have done this because its stupid
who cares about a dropper its not a bad thing its not like u are banning them "corect me if im wrong"
mine my sister
I love minectraft i wanna smash jack in his soft prostate
My first impression of you, and I like your content man! Keep it up! subscribe
Why are kids still watching this
ITS A MASTER BALL NOT A PINK POKEBALL IDIOT!!!!!!!!!!
most of these hackers are kid because they not patients
You're a piece of shit
you gay
why the fuck is this in my recommended
Should of at least game them three tries.... how are they supposed to know where the water is
get a life
Saw without the gore
Oh no guys someone’s hacking in my minecraft server reeeeeeeeee
Y u copying Doni bobes
Fucking bitch
You can't ban me because I don't fuck with those type of games ??????
douchey video
ARE YOU NZ
Friend: I help Microsoft work out the kinks I their latest software. What do you do, Jack? Jack: I watch people die in Minecraft and laugh for money.
"Yes master" lololololololo ??????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????
Are you an admin if so that's cool bro it's cool bc I play mc and there is so many hackers
me map on fire
That was my brother we had to throw away the Xbox
ew
Stop banning people you ugly bitch
All the salt on that dislike button from the hackers. Mm.
I’m confused.
Why am i watching this i don't even like minecraft
The little pink pokeball is the master ball
This was in my recommend
They just could use freecam to try multiple times, lol.
OH NO MINECRAFT HACKERS /s.
Cool video, your talking is the worst part.
What a horrible accent you got mate
I’m gonna make it my mission to hack the fuck out of this server and destroy everything. And myself the server owner. This guy is stupid. Using higher power to fuck with people
HOLY MOLY hes WEarING a NEW ZEALAND top Im Shook ™
New Zealand! Happy Waitangi Day everybody
Why do all minecraft channels have this sound like an irritatingly voiced British douche with a Penis in their throat.
couldn’t jack get banned temporarily for trolling and griefing?
I love this video
No idea why this has so many dislikes, I`m not even a minecraft person but that vid was hilarious, I think I`m gonna stay here longer :) Have a good one
So this guy basically grasses on people, then forces them to play a stupid map? Fucking hilarious ??
THIS IS WHY I WATCH HIS VIDS
Why is this bullshit on my recommended?
Why am i watching a Minecraft video in 2018
Wait so he himself has hacks but punishes other for having bans and goes power crazy? Seems legit?
Gay
Honestly just perma ban. They always come back hacking like nothing ever happened. I would know.
Aim alexxx is that you wtf
Nonce vibe?
Why do you take away their items? I mean, just save them for when they log on.
You copied doni bobes
what kind of saw shit is this?
You don't have the authority to ban them and teleporting is hacking so you are hacking and souls be ban
Omd Minecraft snitching???????
Are u from new Zealand
Hackers disliked this xD
Lmao
come on this is too cruel
Why are there so many hackers...
Stop telling hackers to do that
Is he British or Australian,his accent is rather an odd one
You are homosexual.
Dickhead
So hard listening to this screecher commentator, voice goes so high pitched. Fuck up.
why is this maniac playing god in my suggestions ??
Can you put names on chest names Otherwise can you stop accusing people of xray without thurther and accurate evidence
so gay
People still play Minecraft?
Welp....I have seen a minecraft youtuber
Harsh
DID YOU JUST CALL THAT A PINK POKEBALL
WHy is this in my recommended
“I’ll reduce it by one day” what a legend. So generous. Much charity
Who's mans is this?
ringo starr?
RGA has been doing it for years.
You have a really weird nose... ??
Emo kid
Why even use hacks in mine craft lmao
blue kiwiz and wc were fighting eachother as you caught kiwiz
I lov u
Ayyyyyyy I live in NZ )felt like pointing that out because of your shirt=
U don’t have the right to ban little kids the game was made for kids go play some cod and try to banned someone I dare u u won’t u can only banned little kids try banning a real hacker on bo2
One question. How is X-ray (doing a map glitch to see things) a hack? I thought a hack would be something like killing a player far distance or afk killing.
I’m surprised people are still making Minecraft videos. I like this :)
hi  i am jack
hhehujjdhtsh7hh10000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000ckx
10000
Waffles
Minecraft police?
made it to 6 seconds, i tried
DONI BOBES DID THE DROPPER SO YEAH
I just wanna hack on your server for mini games lol
why can a person that isnt oart o the development group ban hackers. And why even ban them. Maybe if they purposfuly mess with your character or something. But cant you save your game and go back to a point where youd still have what they took or undo the damage they did
edit/cut at 6:18???
30days is retarded
minecraft is shit the people who play it are even more so
The fak is that outro ? XD
573 players or 574...?
Wait... Minecraft is still a relevant game?
"They bloody knew that they got diddled" is quite possibly the greatest thing I have ever heard.
Your message could not be delivered because you don't share a server with the recipient or you disabled direct messages on your shared server, recipient is only accepting direct messages from friends, or you were blocked by the recipient.
get a life dude minecraft is 8 years old smh
Get a fucking haircut. Geezuz.
Why was this recommended? God what did I do to deserve this torment?
wait does he in prem ban them cuz he might get banned him self if he does that ! (btw im only saying this cause it can happen if the creator comes on and you do it to him)
Subscribed ??
The people are confused because they think the dark blue wool were water
You make players life bad
Jonathan was lagging
U banned me u idiot
Next time show yourself finishing the dropper so we know it is possible pls
What a troll
LMAO i love the way u talk "me map" xD
Protip. You can paste without air by using //paste -a. So that your sign that you've written wouldn't have disappeared but areas that you've lost would've restored if pasted on the right spot.
tbh i dislike minecraft YouTubers n all their cringe content but at least this was pretty entertaining i enjoyed it and i just don't understand the like dislike ratio. why lol. the only thing i woulda liked better is permbans all around. if u hack u deserve a perm ban.
you are so cruel
and i thought spinbots only exist on cs:go lol
:'p don't bully hackers
You do understand, your giving them just what they want. Not that the server you play on is the only one.... By all means, please read too much into that.
7:18 "You were just mining your own business" eyyyyyy :D
this seems mean. why. what if they are doing it for the fun of it. you're hacking and are banning hackers for hacking. makes no sense. tp is essentially hacking. so what different are you to them.
this is my first episode watching and I love it! I subscribed I liked and even went as far as to hit post notifications and I urge you people to do the as well
This seems just a bit extreme, mainly the permanent ban punishments
why the fuck is this in my recommended
Haha, Minecraft is lame lmao
I don't even play Minecraft so much anymore, but this is so entertaining!
You should get a permban for how many times your stupid ass swipes your hair out of your face
This is fucking stupid
Not particularly into these kinda vids but this was cool
how did you get the you got diddled 2:27 2:28
Tempted to join your server and cheat on it just to see if I get on youtube! \o/
Really, ban ppl for skipping the boring grind on minecraft? Stick your server up ya AR##.
not sure how i got here but im glad i did
You're all scum
Why don't you just spectate them as they fall instead of fallow them? That would make it easier to find them
Why not make them participate in a Danganronpa style death game? You could even call it Hackanronpa.
This is the first minecraft video I’ve seen in years and it was pretty entertaining! Will definitely be watching more :)
My favorite “video game” ????
500k Views that makes me so happy
every time he laughs i hear "i'm dead inside"
Every time i try to join it says this gistrations have been disabled due to excessive spam. If you would like to register yourself on the forums you'l have to run the command /register in-game. But i can not figure it out can u help me out please?
I mean... yeah they use xray... but what is your problem with that... dont you have anything better to do then troll people... IN FUCKING MINECRAFT
I mean... he is just grinding mobs... why do you ban him? He is just killing mobs
Yeah you do suck at life
You look a lot like Ringo
This is wack????
this was not my proudest fap
You look like the type of guy that shoots up a school because some one stole your caprsun
Wolf banned for 30days lol
twenty eeet dees
can u even make it?
Why the fuck has this video been in my recommended for the last two weeks
“The little pink pokeball”....you make me sick....
Rather than ban the hackers, just allow them to play the dropper and nothing else.
You're annoyingly enthusiastic, but nice troll
Up the mighty all blacks
Dude you should place diamond block to see if they are xraying
Dude you suck your not control over people dumb ass I hate what you do quit youtube :) from: me To: stupid ass Canadian
Why does this keep showing up in my recommend
your teeth are weird
I do t like mine raft but this is cool trolling so
This guy looks like he doesn't have friends.
Lol
I hate to say this, but TheHive stole your idea with the game Gravity...about 3 years ago.
check out my channel i do funny videos n shit
kys
Unedited?....yea for like first 3 minutes
You sound a lot like Dan TDM
Why the fuck is this in my recommend. My little brother watches this type of shit
Minecraft still has a fandom?
jack lad you’re the beat
"There'd be an absolute nightmare if hackers turned on their no-fall hacks and didn't take any fall damage" You mean you?
STOP TOUCHING YOUR GREASY HAIR. Do you take showers?
youre a very annoying youtuber, could you try and be less cringy
7:17 im surprised no one noticed this pun: ''MINING your own business''
this guy is laughing on the same joke for the millionth time. i envy simple ppl <3
Justice trolling Troll Cops
meh, hacker games is not something new
Permanent bans are not for a short time. PermBan is a shortened term for Permanent Ban.
#LatestSquad
mciscringe
Dude ur tooth larger than my toe
lol you really have no idea what your doing cause you're referring to or i may not but i have never seen X-ray as a client its a texture pack
I don't fancy Minecraft youtubers but God damn I love the cut of your jib
wow.. this game is still stupid.
...subtitles?
the first second legit did not sound like english. wtf
Its pretty imposible to land in the water without knowing where it is. Should have done more.
This is so sadistic
Hacking is illegal. I don't think they are actually hacking. ( I love making smart ass comments)
People still play this shitty fucking game?
Anyone else didn't know it was Minecraft
I don’t think two days less ban on a 30 day is worth it . Maybe atleast a week on a 30 day. Who cares about two days . Maybe two days if it’s only a week ban
i don’t even play minecraft or watch anything related to it why is this being recommended to me
dont know why this was in my suggested but it was amusing for a minecraft video so good job M8
i will come on ur server just to troll to give u content :DDD
Wtf? X-ray and you get fucking banned for a month?!? Wtf that's retarded
autistic minecraft youtubers grow up
Why did I click this crap wtf, Minecraft sucks and this guy is a complete tool. Or in British terms his a complete prick are you not a bit old Minecraft son
so much autism
dick
No idea why this was in my suggestions...but hey i like this kid's sense of humour. Subbed.
You guys need better anti cheat
Why are you still playing mine craft it’s 2018
You really have no life waiting for people to hack so you can hack them out of the game
Funny but tbh its minecraft nobody should care unless the hacking gives an advantage to others
"Do you prefer.... pain?... or death?" "Death...." "Torture him." turns to another prisioner "You. Pain, or death?" "Pain." "Torture him." turns to another one "See? it makes no difference."
Only 2 off bans for playing along??? Should be atleast half off
But my question is how do YOU find the hackers are you hacking to find the hackers
theres better graphics outside IRL
This is terrible yt content
“yes master” LMAO
You have no idea what a hacker even is. Most don't use mods but rather resource packs (x ray). The more intelligent people use cracked clients and mods (not hard really and getting away with these is easy unless you abuse it). Hacking is something completely different.
...you know I kinda want to xray hack on a dropper map. I mean think of the challenge.
Minecraft sux
I think you should have given then 2 attempts because you can not see the water
This nigga a straight up bum for that shit???? but still funny af?? good shit man
I wanna see a hacker make himself the server owner. Like a true hacker. Then perma band you. That would be true humor.
wow same thumbnail as presteon
Why would you ban someone from something as temporary as a minecraft server for 28 days?
I think donni did this first when shotgunraids was hacking in his server
trying to be like RGAgaming, huh?
Not to bring light to hackers but the whole if they dont want to play along it's perm banned thats kind of fucked up. People have the right to their privacy even if they hacked on a game for fucking 10 year olds they still have the right to stay no and not end up on youtube.
Why would one cheat in minecraft? It's already bad that they are playing the game in the first place?
Minecraft is still a thing?
Wait... Are you New Zealand??(My first time watching his vids)
this is so scummy even for the first one that was just afk farming
It’s not a perma ban lol it’s a 30 day ban
MINECRAFT IS CANCER
Cheaters .... people CHEAT in Games .. Hacking is something different you dumb little shits. WHEN WILL YOU UNDERSTAND THE DIFFERENCE???? but you cant really clickbait with it and unessecary stretch videos above the 10 minute mark i guess. kys idiot.
Imagine if they had fly hacks.
this is so fuckin lame why am i here
T H E P I N K P O K E B A L L...??
hackers want to hack so they can have as much fun as you have being able to do anything
i wanna hack just to try that
lol silver fern hoodie ah the days of minecraft i miss 1.4 :/
Rip, Wolf. Scumbag.
Yo why the fuck this in my recommended
Haha “hacker” ????????????????????????????????????????????????????
banning people is just nother form of internet censorship
Howd you give that one dude 26 days but a dude who landed 2 blocks away you gave him 28 days. Not very consistent in fairness i get theyre cheaters but still defeats the purpose of the game
SUBSCRIBE TO MEE PLEASE
How tf do yall laugh at this smh this mad boring
Having power in minecraft... what a meme
I'm subscribing just because your accent is heckin awesome.
whats the point of a standard ban times if you are just going to perm ban them or (like your other videos) ban than for longer times than the standard first offence ban time. This honestly pisses me off, you really should not be owning/admining/moderating a server, Its just stupid and all these kids think its funny. Get some real content.
why the fuck am i being suggested a minecraft video in 2018?
You should make them go through a maze
I was gonna make a comment on how Fucking stupid this is but like, ya getting paid for this regardless and I'm not gonna bash you for making B a n k
574*
When you're 20 something years old and still playing Minecraft
Oh gosh...Minecraft has gotten too far
This is the definition of cyber bullying
me map is on fire
All of these guys are complete idiots, just turn on betterair! You deserve that ban if you don't turn it on.
Thanks for banning me
Okay yeah, you're honestly the biggest loser I've ever seen. Banning someone for 30 days because of that and justifying a 2 day decrease is just the stupidest thing I've ever witnessed lol. Just the whole thing is hilariously dumb
Honestly though, who the hell cares if someone is using an attack command hack? Just saves someone time. Petty as hell to be angry at someone for that lmfao
Are you Welsh?
HOW THE FUCK DID I GET HERE? WHY IS THIS SUGGESTED YOUTUBE????
Minecraft in 2018
When is minecraft fianally going to die?!
Don’t perm ban people that don’t wanna play your game , it’s not part of the rules to play your game
Mod abuse worse than discord
"princess likes signs way too much and doesn't know how to shut the fuck up about it"
Wow banning people on minecraft Must play roblox
Is he a new Zealand
Your cancer
Tú eres muy feo
"Jonathan I trusted yew!!" Hahaha.
Why am I here?
Bit of a hypocrite aren’t you??
Minecraft's gay.
I would hack for this.
This guy shouldn’t be allowed a server he’s a dick
I used to be staff on Timelesspvp and WC_Wulf used hacks on that one as well
are u even making ur presence known and talking to them as a gm and telling them that they been hacking cuz if ur not some might think that they glitched out or they were hacked lol which could be why some ppl don't play ur game and get permanent banned
5 MINECRAFT YOUTUBERS WHO HAVE SWORN
Who still plays Minecraft? Fucking queers.
DO YOU NO DAE WAE!!!!
its just a fucking minecraft
FFS Minecraft.
ha gey
Wait, lemme get this straight. You force hackers to play an amazing adventure map... as a punishment? :|
why is this fucking everywhere not even in my recommended but just in the sidebar wtf
5:53 nice message in chat
Who dafuq hacks minecraft?
Well, you're not very nice.
10:17 chat hahaha
0:17 ROCKING THAT NEW ZEALAND T-SHIRT!
This is fun to watch.
I don't even like Minecraft anymore but this made me happy for some reason lol
but what if they were an elytra master, what do you do then
F-ing Jonathan!!!
why do little kid videos get in my recommended...and why the hell do I click on it
This is a cool Smart admin
Cant you just turn off your computer
HAHAHAHAHAHA! 30 DAYS? Might as fucking we'll be a perm
I looked up extra thicc wth
Nice video bro????
power trip much?
Seriously dude..take a breather. I liked the vid but had to stop watching bcuz you never stopped talking for more than a second...
JackSucksAtLife what headset do you have?
That’s not a perm ban that’s a temp ban
I dont think you should go right ahead and ban them! Its my opinion but does anyone else agree
Wow, do people keep playing after they get banned for 30 days? I think I'd rather switch servers at that point. Would take less time, yeah?
This seems cool and all but its not really fair. I mean i get it nobody likes a cheater but its impossible to see where the water is from the top unless u know where it is. He knows where it is and still couldnt do it
I wish I owned a server, would be so fun
Ew y r u so ugly wtf
thats edgy
I’m going to hack on your server just to see that Nyan cat!
How sad do you have to be to hack in minecraft out of all games
Why are you banning people for this long? This is kind of cruel. I don't play Minecraft, so I don't know what type of competitive attitude there is with these. I still don't think that people should get banned permanentally or even for a month because they wanted to have fun in a game. IT'S FUCKING MINECRAFT! If it was ESports, that would be a whole different topic. BUT IT'S FUCKING MINECRAFT!
This is terrible.
Tno waffles... Sounds familiar... WAIT
Might wanna check your chat at 5:53 m8... I know he got banned, but still might wanna censor that.
I'm no hacker but I'd play the Dropper just for fun.
Cool idea on allowing the hacker to regain their dignity.
Nice cup
26 days for making it aaaaall the way to the bottom? lol, at least 15 days for making it to the bottom and 20 days for participating
7:34 look at chat
i know feel like hacking just to do this
Jesus christ its only minecraft
i imagine the guy who died surrounded in lava was just like, “o shit bois the hacker’s being hacked”
Boii you aint from New Zealand
this just makes me want to hack so I can play the awesome challenges.
I’m a hacker my nam is mikeynator 2000 plz.ban me
J O N A T H A N
why did i get the "free gift card giveaway" vibe the first 3 seconds
I don’t see a problem for the first guy, some people have better things to do than grind. I would know GTA has become like that.
I feel bad because it's a old ass dieing game and they just wanna try to have fun lol
Your accent is satisfying
Are you informing these people they are being recorded?
Why am i watching this?
Okay, after seeing this I am not sure if just trolling or admin abuse. What if someone actually can do it? Will you perm ban him anyway, because "he cheated on the dropper" - which you can't verify if he really cheated. Your system of "retribution" is a bit flawed. Why not get proper anti-hack mods instead?
You sound like dantdm
Normally, I don't like Minecraft youtubers, especially channels like these where just about everything looks like some sort of clickbait. However, this video was fucking hilarious! This guy is really charming and I couldn't find myself to leave the video!
I have the same headphones on right now
When Bad Boy Halo doesn't release a video in in several weeks.
He looks like just somebody that I used to know
Is this just account ban or ip ban?
i am new alreay love ur channel <3
By this video I just realized the difference between cheater and hacker...
I think you mean
Cut your hair
@jacksucksatlife do the same thing but with 3 levels, every death adds 1-2 days per death if you use this please give me a shoutout
You look like Dawko lol
Fucking retard
Kys
I don’t like Minecraft anymore but I like watching your banning hackers videos a lot
Ramsay Bolton, is that you?
I'm calling the cops this is breaking the ammenment that we are not to use crul and unusual punishments
I subbed
sotodaywehavealilsomethin
How are you banning them?
sadistic and just an unlikable guy but I liked the vid bro
ouuu perm ban nerds
My opinion... Why can't all the hackers just use NoFall??? xD
The best admin
There I watched it youtube, new keep this video the fuck away from me.
To force a hacker to play doesnt tht mean u hacked so you should play it ur self.
This looks really fun
I just going to say that this shit is really cringy and pointless for 1 they should be called Cheaters or scripters because that's what they are, not hackers, if they where hackers you'd fuckin know it cause there would be nothing you could do about it calling them hackers is just cringy 2 its extremely easy to get a new alt account 3 Even if you ip ban them a they could have a vpn and just get a new alt and join again 4 that's what I do anyway
Get out of my recommended
what the fuck is that intro it's him humping a hoe an actual gardening hoe
Only person to have done this before is Doni Bobes...
hey jack I love your content. its always special. but sometimes I j=would just like a standard jackleberry episode. like the stuff at hacker trolling 1-80. I loved them then you started to get a bit different and now your doing forcing hackers and deciding when hackers and I just miss the old episode. plz bring back hacker troiklling. I love you
I actually wanna hack just so I can get featured in these trolls
did any one see that jack had a NZ jersey on OMG
There is something wrong with his server if theres that many hackers
Why do you call them hackers in minecraft. They're script kiddies.
This is why god left us
Don't did it he had a part of a challenge that was a dropper Edit: Also you said that a first offence of malicious hacks is 30ds. I got a first offence and I got a perm. Ign: RouqhNiqhts
are you not attracting hacker because everyone wants to get trolled by jack xD Btw Love the vids! <3
hahaha i loved this
woah you’re a really cool sever owner! that’s a great way to deal with hacks XD
Are you a rapist aswell
every pc game cheating nearly
Not if you're Neo and decide that the Dropper and the Ban Hammer DOES NOT EXIST mhuhahaha!
Getting publically humiliated to get less punishment. Its like the middle ages. I bet some people now go ahead and intentionally "hack" the game in order to get features in these shitty videos. I wouldnt be surprised if this was all setup in the first place. The ways people go for attention... 115 episodes... says everything... no wonder Minecraft is being looked down nowadays. Yeah its the first video i ever watched of you. Will be the last too.
You just earned a sub
New Zealand ??
Whats the mic?
9:55 jacksucksatlife XD
i kinda wanna hack just to do this lol jk
that first hack (mob aura is basically like using an autoclicker, what's so bad about it? Who wants to sit around and left click?
Jack, I just started watching you, I love your videos, I subbed and turned on the bell ??
oh no im banned from like 1 of 700 servers, ive really learned my lesson.
Poor Jonathan, he didn't know...
sterf
Wait so do you own this server?
FUCK YOU!
nice outro
Wow you're such a badass
i love watching myself get banned!!! (i purposely hack on servers like this to test their security lol)
Jonathan
Watching them read the signs was really cute. BTW I was cheering for Waffles to make it
Is this new skydoesminecraft.
so I have an autohotkey script that holds my mouse button down, does that count as "hacking" if it's not a modified client? (I've not been on the server and don't know anything about it, I'm just wondering if that counts or not)
I feel a bit bad for that afk person.
Is pocket edition allowed lol
omg i was in this video :o
why do you care so much about hacking? I get it if it is pvp hacking, but xray/farming isnt a problem.
Lol 5_blue_kiwiz is in my fac on another server
Old people do Minecraft xD
Top 10 Anime Betrayals.
28 days ban >chat says 30 day ban sure that hackerkid's mad now :^D
hahahhahahahahahahahahha pin me comment cough cough
JACK I FOUND SCOTT'S CORDS FOR HIS SECRET BASE!!! HE JUST SHOWED IT IN HIS STREAM HAPPENING ATM!! THE CORDS ARE x - 587 y - 283 z 39 PEOPLE PLEASE LIKE SO HE CAN SEE IT
I'm tempted to cheat just to do one of these
.
your videos are so cool i'd hack on purpose xD
Guys I just got $5246on my paypal from this tool without paying anything:(just go to) ~> freepplmoney.win/?T4pabG
You destroyed your map
damn that dropper was totally possible i swear
900
hey Jack! when i feel down or feel anxious i watch your videos, and you cheer me up! i just wanted to say i love your videos, their hilarious. PS, im British too ;)
Ayy classic rainbow dropper thumbnail
900th comment
you desperately need a haircut
If i was an hacker i would fail on my first time lol Im SnarkyArcher and im probably the biggest noob on Skycade ( I only get kills with God Gear xDDDD)
Why don't you just hire someone to reverse engineer the most popular hacks into a detection system. A custom anticheat for your server
I love your videos! Keep up the great work! I really like playing on yout server its so fun!
Why must we play god
Good vid man and a punishment for hackers should me 1v1 against another hacker!
I would like to be an admin but I know I would abuse it lol
Lol the hacker at 10:17 is also at 8:55.
who fuckin cares man
Exuse me jack. I remember when i was 9 i had played a minecraft server and we had a base underground... I was offline and when i joined we had no more base because of of a hacker using X-ray vision and i think the server was called lifeboat network... But if you find any hackers pls band them perm. Because i do NOT like hackers
me maps on foyah
The droppers should be a mini game in the server
#peaceonharmonyhollowplz
Ok other Banning hacker youtubers do like 30 days as a max ban.. Jack over here starts at 30 and permbans a lot.. I like
i kinda wanna join your server and hack now just to be forced into cruel and unusual punishment like the dropper
You should make hackers do a really hard parkour and if they fail you have to perma ban them.
jack you suck at life
This sad pedo is making minecraft vids at age 20 on da fucking kids there is no way he has ever seen a vigina
/watchdogreport JackSucksAtLife reason:posting too funny vids
You forgot to remove the particle effect from the thumbnail you got online in google from Mr.Woofless.????
12:00 JONATHAN IS USING THE SKIN I MAdE
I still miss the old evopvp
hacking in mc is so easy lmao
I'd like to clarify, DropThatCombo_YT was botting, not hacking theres a difference. But both are equally bad. Please don't confuse the two. Automation is different than outright exploiting the game.
DonI bobes did that months back
Accuse random people of hacking next timw
Ahh macane its jonathan again
I’m considering buying minecraft just to play on Jacks server. If you see someone called CherryEmi144 anytime soon then hello that shall be me on my first day of minecraft.
If you ever catch another mod/admin/ helper hacking and you plan on perma banning them you should make them publicly ban themselves.
U sound so much like dantdm
I wish Mineplex would ban hackers fast??
i hacker dropped in to the dropper just like the mr nofall WTF LOL what am i doing LOL
I TRUSTED YOU JONNY
U know that they can go on a different account
Look at the chat at 5:54
Is it even possible?
Yes Jack people have catched hackers in your server before... oh the dropper well..
Zucca_Zack's fac name was NotXRay
I wouldve given them 3 attempts, give them a chance
u suck at life
We have the same headphones!
if i would get put in a dropper i would probably not get banned and now im probably gonna do terrible cause i jinxed it so yeah have fun banning me liT dont read this rest pls stop stop stop stop stop stop stop stop stop stopstopstop S T O P as you can see i got sidetrackted and now im just gonna leave now bye bye bye bye it took me a while to maek this so appreciate it
I dropped a like jack keep up the good work. By the way if your schedule is free can you make harmony hollow more common I love count JACKULA
hey guess what FunkyPickle3 is my account and I'm a mooshroom Wboys3 is my brother and he's a mooshroom so it's like we're the same species cool cool
I had an idea for an April Fools Day prank. You could announce the X-Ray enchantment, which would make so nobody would have to x-ray.
Kinda wanna turn on hacks to do this..
Diddle
fuckn nerds
Stop dropping dislikes on the video pun intended
Oh man terrible terrible admin. I am definitely never going on this server.
Trick hackers into deciding their own ban length
Do entity clear
This would make me want to hack.
I love your accent!
Do you know da wae to the like button?
Actally. It wasnt Jonathan. Kinda looked like it was an admin
Does perm band mean permanent band
5:52 LOL LOOK AT CHAT
you should add this to the server for everyone lol
Make 2 hackers a plot and make them build a theme same for each, whoever has the best build gets most days reduced off their ban
My name is jonathan ;(
No fair you make money for confronting hackers
The good old zucca Zack my best friend he is such a retard
Hey I’m Zucca_Zack I feel honored
look at that sweet chat at 5:51
0:13 excuseme m8 774
I am the true Jonathan, He is a disgrace to the Jonathan regime!
who hacks just to get in a video from jack?
at 12:47 he sound like the kid who who said "you guys have officially made me lose my marbles"
Every time I go on high pixel the anti cheat just bans hackers or, I see like 80 flying guys hacking and ruining the game
PUBLIC SHAME-SHOUT-OUT TO CHRISTO2365 for ADDING PEOPLE TO THEIR FACTION AND REMOVING THEM FROM THE FAC & KILLING THEM ONCE THEY WENT TO THE F BASE
They're not hackers. They're more like Script-Kiddies.
i am the thousand comment! give me likes!
You are a fucking normie my friend
You mom gay nigga
my question is WHY WOULD YOU HACK ON A SERVER THAT IS OWNED BY A PERSON WHO DOES HACKER CATCHING?!
Who are you Why am I subscribed to you
So cool!!! :)
spam 1:41 for 'stew'
Hey Jack, Your vids are outstanding and your server is one of a kind and the best! I really love your Hacker Videos :)
you kill the players and remove their items and xp then troll them then ban then?? WTF this is so unfair
You stole the thumbnail from Z_nac
rename ur channel to JackSucksAtUhc for a week
Press read more Jack. Read more
New Zealand Promo Tho
Love your shirt bro! NZ REPRESENT!
Helouu my boii i hate my life pls kill meee
haha cool New Zealand hoodie
nice outro
Why am I being reccomended this shit
WC_Wolf was fighting against 5_Blue_kiwi 8:57
7:11 this line made me want to hang myself
This guy is how old playing minecraft? Lmaooooo this guy is a fucking police on a minecraft server LMAAOOOOO
how the fuck did i end up here
When did you go to New Zealand?
Am i the only one who feels bad when someone gets perm banned then realise they deserve it and stop feeling bad..?
Wowwie that's lot of people
You idiot... your making it fun for people to hack your server, they are probably just using a alt account to get banned.
if you haven't realized even if you banned them if they didn't do it they will use alt. accounts
The second guy was not necessarily hacking. He could have placed the chest specificly in that area
Donibobes has done this, so you aren't the first. RIP
you look like tofuu :P you guys should collab or somethn
Do a hacker vid, where u shuffle cards and u have to pull 2 out to pick ban days. If you get king, 90 days. Queen 60 days. Joker 30 days. Ace is perm. Id love to see this after i saw the dice!
Ur outro is interesting xD
I subscribed bell on dropped a like :D
Fyi Doni Bobes did this
I hit the like button with my eye, should I be worried??
Donibobes done this first i think
New Zealand shirt :o
These hacker videos are always great
OMG I HAVE A TWIN!!!!!
He had armouron
u should do a random tp (non hacker ) challenge where you'll tp people to funny locations
4=3 ERROR ERROR ERROR ERROR ERROR ERROR ERROR ERROR ERROR ERROR ERROR ERROR ERROR ERROR ERROR ERROR ERROR ERROR ERROR ERROR ERROR ERROR ERROR ERROR ERROR ERROR ERROR ERROR ERROR ERROR ERROR ERROR ERROR ERROR ERROR ERROR ERROR ERROR ERROR ERROR ERROR ERROR ERROR ERROR ERROR ERROR ERROR ERROR ERROR
best plot twist lol
Ban those scum bag hackers!
Johnathan Top 10 Anime Betrayals
this is quality content
Instead of trolling you should do a video where you take innocent players and make them do something like the dropper and if they win they get a free mystery key or a potato or something
The people that say why are you banning kids for really high bans or whatever It's his server in case you did not know...
Dude is blowing up like crazy
Fun fact: JackSucksAtLife has banned himself 5 times - 3 bans and 2 mutes.
next you should force hackers to spell words you say on a sign
doritos
New Zealand All Blacks? You Support Rugby
@jack try doing /tpall at the dropper
Jack I want to join skycade but I dont know how pls help
Love how far you have come. #BuyTheWangSuffix
Jack, My Friend dropped his 8 mystery keys. He is giving up playing on your server. His name is ManDemJJ. Please give him his keys back. He lost around 2 mil on factions. You may not see this but... PLEASE! <3
I just joined your server yesterday and I went onto the one with a shovel and now up can't find my house D:
JACK! DANG BROKE INTO THE FANG HQ BASE YOU SHOULD SUE HIM FOR BREAKING IN!!!!
Pink pokeball? IT'S A FREAKING MASTERBALL JACK!!!!!!!!! Sorry...
JACK, SCOTT BROKE INTO THE VAMPIRE BASE AND STOLE SOME STUFF!!!!!
Do a rock paper scissors to decide who how long someone gets banned. If you win 30 days tie 15 days and if he wins 5 days
What about prisoner getting perm banned he didnt play the dropper he just went to spawn
rn my brother is on ur server :D
Make a (YA Little scumbag) merchandise plz
Jack I love your vids and you make me happy when I’m sad keep up the good work??
Jack u should do hacker trolling video where you take hackers with different hacks then make them pvp and see which hack is better
9:00 WC_Wolf is hacking too lmao he's hitting with his gapples
Notice meeeeeee ??
im listening to you swing me right round
prisoner needs perm ban
hi I bet this has a line threw it
You will sho us da wae
9:13 Wo Wey Wo what does that mean !!! Server: You are banned from Sky cade for 28 days for Kill Aura Hacker: Wo Wey Wo Wey
"-573-" Ummmmm I might be incorrect since I cant count that high but I think thats 574. Not sure though.
Masterball = Little Pink Pokerball (British Accent)
i think the nether portal arent working on the server factions
My name is Jack I do not suck I hate mooshrooms (we have a bad history...) you do not deserve a valentine or a mother you little migget go die a hate you for life my friend showed me this channel I hate your vids do me a favor and kill yourself
Next one: Inverz Dropper. (Levitation)
Can you troll my brother on sky cade his name is TakaMakaPvp TROLL HIM SO BAD PLEASE hahaha he is going to hate me for this ;)
Do replace near 200 air fire.
Im gonna hack ur server. Make me do the dropper please. Also nice video
Jack perm ban is harsh maybe give them like 90 or 60 days
Dis was done by donibobes before
I accidently dropped a like on the floor
Can you do a second dropper one at some point but how many times they fail is their ban?
5_Blue_Kiwiz was banned back in November for Kill aura and speed hacks, isn't it a perm ban if they do it again
You should add plushies to your store, like mooshroom ones
When you start trolling them you should mute them so it doesn't look like anything untoward is happening in chat.
the jumper your wearing that has new zealand on it im from the new zealand
Amazing I love this I have an idea spin a wheel to decide how long a a hacker will be banned for
I have an idea for the next hacker trolling: Go to a random word generator. and the number of letters you get for a word is a week/day/month (if you are that savage) Example. Scumbag = 7 letters = 7 days/months/weeks
F.A.N.G HQ security breach dang has broke in the F.A.N.G
Maybe make a system that people aren't able to see your bans.
Finished it with a triple ban, nice XD
Wait, has Jack been to New Zealand? Look at his clothes!
you should of let the players watch them drop
I was literally screaming when you didn't see the wolf guy hacking but i'm so glad he was permed xD
On harmony hollow Scott changed his name back and put barrier blocks do you just need to break the wool under the sign. After you have changed it you need to use your wand of illusion do he can't change it back.
Live stream catching hackers and we get to decide how long to ban the s-cums
Jack please make a setup video! I really want to know what brand your mic is and stuff.
5:52 check the chat omg he needs a ban
I Smashed a Like
Amazing video
Copying my thumbnail eh? Jk lol
Hi jack someone has xrayed my base and their name is something like lionlyke but if in some way u could contact me that would be great ??
Jaackkk Scot broke into the vampire base and took stuff and also gave you tasks you should get him back and sue himmmmmmmmmm x
make a /setspawn command in a filled water cell so they drown if they do /spawn LOLOLOL
I'm in the bloody video aye C:
He put sum of you stuff in Sabras shop
actually please don't click on #food
And he's destroying it
it annoys me that your headset is not fully on, on one of your ears
or the eggplant decides how long to ban hackers /food do #food
Scott got in your vampire base!!
i think next video you should do animals choose how long to ban hackers
is it too late for the notification gang ? By the way jack I DROPPED a like and I love your videos{you make me laugh every time}
Set up a pen which has 4 chickens in it, all with hoppers under it, and which ever one lays an egg first is the ban length. First is 15 days then 30 days then 45 days then perm
I dropped a like. Also what time Australian do you go on your server? Plz answer!
Is auto clicker allowed when farming the a blaze farm or any mob farm?
Nice video LIIIIKEEEEE
Best vid yet ... a log out should of been a perm ban ??
I hope you have a wonderful holiday with Becky! ??
is using a texture pack that makes the edges of the block the same colour as the ore allowed considering I cant see through blocks or would that not be allowed either considering it gives the block more visibility?
All of this guys “hackers” are fake, like do you seriously think that the guy at the start of the video came back just the time he wanted. #FAKEASWWE
didnt prisoner tp away? Wouldnt that be considered not partaking and result in a permban?
---¦( ?° ??+--- HEY KIDS DO YOU WANT SOME DANK MEMES?
Thanks jack for recording me in the video, if you pause at the start of the video, you can see me in the tab menu (Harrington3rd)
7:19 you're just mining your own business. BA DUM TSS
I couldn’t win the dropper for my life
Jack be stealing some thumbnails eh?
DO A PLAYTHROUGH OF THE GAME UR IN!!!
He didn't pban prisoner and he tpd away
9:02 fly hacks
I saw 574 YOU SAID 583
y o u g o t d i d d l e d
I gotta good troll get a afk mob aura guy then place a rabbit under the dirt so he can’t kill it xD plz like it so he sees it
Jack when you pasted the base on the 3 hackers and Jonathan and them were there you can see another player flying out ??
BRUH I LUV UR VOICE AND IM THE 666 COMMENT LEL ITS 3 AM IM PROVING TO MY FREINDS THAT NOTHING HAPPENS
Prisoner didnt play along and he didnt get perm banned
Zac stone my skin lil scum bag
Jack is that the Saint Basil’s cathedral in your lobby??? This made me want to join your sever 5 times as much when I get a PC
JACK JACK YOUR WEARING A NEW ZEALAND TOP. IM FROM NEW ZEALAND WHEN DID YA HOP THE DITCH BRO
I can imagine zacks confusion
Y hack? Like you KNOW Jack is gonna find you...and kill you for days ._.
I dropped a like while eating me sandwich
It's never gay, if it is in Zimbabwe
Why so long for ban geeze
The end was kinda messy but I loved the vid!!
Everyone watching pls don't forget to drop a like :)
I love your vids I liked and subbed thanks for making awesome videos for me to watch
Your face is bright orange
pink pokeball
Wait... When you died, did it say you got diddled? XD
You know what Jonathan is??.......... a little scumbag!
Hey Jack, I play on your server and I was hacking haha yet to find me. Good luck finding me! If you do then you get the prize of a comment! Probably won't see this lmao.
Liked ?
great vid! enjoyed it a ton
Do a hacker length video where the hacker decides their own ban length (but doesn’t know that it’s about them)
AWSOME vid like.
0:10 top 10 anime lies For people who don't get it He said that 543 ppl were playing when ACTUALLY there was 574
Yo, this is random, but why do you look like young Ringo Starr?
Why are there so many hackers? XD
Find two hackers and make them race or fight for ban or not or something like that
Me when i'm drunk BILL NYE THE SCIENCE GUY,BILL NYE...THE SCIENCE GUY....BILL BILL BILL
lol my freind is in the vid jonathin was in my bloody fac and the worst part was hes bro was banned to destroyer1v1
Do yu kno da wae?
Read chat at 5:53
Hi sucker umm I mean you know jacksucksatlife so sucker…… pls don’t roast me
I found you about a week ago and now I have a new favourite youtuber and I have been watching your vids over and over because I just love your content
You should convert that to the new version so everyone can play on skycade I'm just saying it's up yo you not me btw great vid I ???????????????? it
reddit.com/r/howlongshouldiban
Jack ma boi Getting savage up in here :O
Some of these people could be playing the game fair and your just banning them
WE WANT SKYCADE BACK BRING BACK SKYCADE
Bring skycade back
BRING BACK SKYCADE WE WANT SKYCADE BACK
Your server is down
Your server is down
I swear when I first found ur channel my first fought was yep hes on that good kush
If you read chat when Zucca_Zack was teleported to the dropper area, you can see where he said “I got trolled xD” . That’s why he stopped
I dropped my like and it cracked
I dropped a Like also Sub to jack And Buy his March!
Why did you do that to me :(
jack i dare you to call 666
Nice idea i love your vid keep it up
Jack the person who diddnt take fall damage could have just had max acrobatics mcmmo
Remember DntGoBaconMyHrt He actualy Is A Little Scumbag DntGoBaconMyHrt Is a big Fat Hacking Scumbag
Doni made hackers do dropper before
You should have done // to stop the fire Jack. // for extinguish
Okkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkœ
Wow, that ending though! WE TRUSTED YOU JOHNATHAN. WE THOUGHT YOU WERE A GOOD MAN. JOHNATHAN WHY But really, can you believe THREE HACKERS were all in the same area fighting each other? AND CAN YOU BELIEVE WE TRUSTED JOHNATHAN AT FIRST?! Johnathan why. WE TRUSTED YOU JOHNATHAN, WHYYYYYYYYYY?!?! Also what do you call 3 hackers? Like for 2 its double trouble, but for 3, what it is it?
So funny love u jack ??
WOW YOU SHOULD HAVE GIVON BLUE LIKW A 7 DAY BAN BRUH, HE WAS SOO CLOSE :(
Not that I don't love this serese but can you do a different vid in between each one
Is it just me or does jack remind me of James from the Tv show "The End of the F***ing world?"
Jonathan got to the water.....
DONY LOUGH AT ME but what is per band???
I jack
Scott fond the base
Wolf ban wolf weres the pack trust
:( I’m so late sorry Jack
You should make hackers play tic tac toe against you!!! Just an idea! Love the video!!!
Sees hackers hacking SCUMBAG Sees hacker reading sign aww so cute
Why does your spawn look different than mine?
That transition really doesn't ever get old.
Top 10 Anime Betrayals
Doni done this
Drop a like
Good
You should let the hackers choose how many days they get banned
Lmao when he died it said he got diddled
I dropped a dislike...jk
5wolf was the closest he should have gotten a lesser ban than the other guy
You just earned yourself an- looks at sub count smashes face with like button As I was saying.... -other subscriber! '^ U ^
Jack what happened to troll pack or whatever it was called??
It's not a pink or purple pokeball it's a master ball
Can you please do tp trapper trolling
it was 2am when i got the notification and now it's 10am
I can barely drop down 10 blocks without dying
Hey Jack! You should do more PVP events on OP Factions and participate + feature it in videos!
Jack.... That's the old lobby... How old are these videos?
Bring back the wang
bro you stole this idea from the amazing, the one and only, mooshroom that's named jack that sucks at life
Jack and Becky are the cutest couple ever tho!!
we have the same headphones
Subscribe to me and ill make Guinea Pig videos
Scott broke into the vampire base!! He took stuff and put it all in Sabra's shop!!
i play ur server and som times i see hackers i hate them
Lol, nice! Could you continue Tokyo School Life? I've been waiting
Revisit the 'parkour to hacker's base' troll PLS
(if u know this meme you will get this) jonathan you did NOT KNOW DE WAI
Jack Scott stole ur stuff in thw F.a.n.g HQ moved some and put some in Sabras shop <3 Your Welcome
Is that a New Zealand Marino sweatshirt jack. Made in my country?
568th
k
Hey Dan I turned 14 on January 9th and I have been watching you ever since 2013 when I got out of placement and I have been better ever since I found you.
I clicked because the thumbnail was pretty
Joined you server for the first time jack..opfactions..First time on a factions server even though i have seen hours of factions vids i sort of have no clue what to do.
Scott broke in to the vampire base and stole a bunch of stuff and he put it in sabras shop
Nice YT name xD
I love your videos you lil scumbag :D Keep it up'
Dang (Scott) went into Fang HQ on Harmony Hallow
how do you make a minecraft server???
If Jack hearts this comment , I will make a video writing little scum bag 100 times.
Hey Jack Scott broke into the vamp base on HH and took a few items! bye
Pink pokéball? It's balled a master ball jack :P
Doni has made a hacker video on the dropper
Wow, The Dropper. That brings back some memories.
This video was so good that I dropped a like!
SCOTT BROKE INTO THE VAMPIRE BASE ON HARMONY HOLLOW JACK!!!
I have had my yt channel for three or four months and I watched u way before my first username was charamander gaming but then no one could find the channel so u inspired me by ur name
Jack are you going to marry Becky and if you are when will you propose?
Wheres HH Jack
Plot twist Jonathan hax
Forcing hacker to let mods banned them if they didn't.. PERMMMM BANNED
sb suggestion jack _ Welsh Alex is a mean guy I made a new arena what people asked me too I got a 40 people pic and he blocked me ign dino_is_derp get a new arena or a new warp
PLEASE READ THIS JACK: In Harmony Hollow Scott did many bad things, 1. He changed his name 'permanently' to Scott which u can change back by deleting the block that the sign is on.2.He visited your vampire base and took some things (U should go sneak into his base and steal stuff too) and he put the washroom in the inn. He also added torches. 3.HE PUT A CHICKEN IN UR BASE. 4. HE PUT THE STUFF HE TOOK IN SABRA'S SHOP. Thanks for reading :3
Dang has broken into the vampire base
Jack , Scott got in you vampire base on HH
SCOTT WENT IN TO THE SECRET F.A.N.G. BASE
Your video ideas are so random but great to watch ?? I love it when a Jacksucksatlife video pops up in my recommendation box!
Ily and your videos ignore the haters x If u see this comment Diddlers xx
Doni dit it
Your videos are so addicting! I just get stuck watching every.. single... one...
(insert nice comment here)
JACK, SCOTT HAS BROKEN IN THE VAMPIRE BASE! Great video by the way.
Hi random person searching down the comments
How do you play on skycadde
Surprised you don't have more views on this lovely video you lil scumbag!
hey look im alive
There is more mini games for hackers than for normal players. (AWSOME VID BTW KEEP IT UP)
I have a question. this is not hate. isnt it obvious its you telling them to ban them for weird days so you not banning them doesnt change much!
ITS BEEN DONE 0:23 IM IN THE VIDEO SWIFTYSTEVE IN THE FACTION SPONGEBOOB REEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE YESSSSSSSSSSSSSS
lol sonic cup
I love these videos you do they’re so unique !!!!!!
Jack I THOUGHT that you were going to ban the one guy for 26 days but it said that he got banned for 35 days 6:26
so many hackers tho
Jack may I sing you a song Lava lava It will catch up to you java Buy Jack's merch cus it's awesome Play Skyyyyycaddde
Nice vid Jack ????
Why not more IP bans?
I m a like dropper I guess
If you catch a hacker tp him to bow arena and 1v1 him or let him 1v1 helpers
I love your videos so much! My mams currently in hospital, as she had a seizure on New Year’s Day, and it’s been your videos that have been cheering me up :) keep up the amazing work, and keep on cheering me up ??
I love baka *eggplants :3
im glad he DROPPED a new vid im sorry
Awesome video thanks for the new video Jack! I don't even play minecraft anymore however i cant get over how much fun your videos are to watch :D.
Doni bobs
My mincraft no work heart=Bigger chance of getting it to work like=Just a tiny chance of getting it to work sub to me=ur cool
u Luke Skywalker USE THE FORCE!
I wanna kill some hacking scum sometime. I would hit them so hard they would DROP dead in one hit. I also Dropped A like. XD
force
I tried to call you on Snapchat.
Do the chat decides how much a hacker gets banned for
I wanted to be a member of staff but do u have to be a certain age
I’ve always wondered this, how did you start this server
I smashed the like button so hard my screen cracked :,)) luv ya jack <3 !!
Yes Im Early #EarlySquad Love You Jack Best Youtuber Ever I Love All Your Vids And This Series
Did you get permission from me to use the map?
“You got diddled”
what were the two last songs btw man ur vids are awesome you deserve more veiws
How could this happen to me
New video idea: The amount of obstacles hackers get past determines how long they are banned for I know, completely original??
They do mini games in Minecraft all the time check them out
Prisoner should get perm, he didn't play along
Jen and Pat play this all the time you're not the first to go subscribe to them
Force the hackers to do bedwars!
I wanna hack now
lol
Why didn't you just click into the hacker and you can watch from their prospective
Can’t wait to play on the server Sunday
Find 2 Hackers and make them fight each other whoever wins gets a shorter ban
Do finding where hackers live and smashing their pc
Jack! i have a great idea for a video you have to catch the hacker and screenshare them on ds/ ts or something like that! hope it helps!
You should have made it to where when the land, there should be a sign to show how long they get banned
Just tweeted you some fan art ;)
Idea for a new troll. Find someone legitimately strip mining and paste a base in front of where they are heading. And then troll them/shame them for finding it even though they are legit xD
you’re the best jack
Cats are cute to everyone but for jack its cute watching hackers reading signs ??
Wow, love that Russia themed spawn <3
Wc_wolf was fighting 5blue with hacks when you checked out 5blue
Nice vid! Next time, you should force hackers to Hunger Games eachother :)
I don't know how I found this channel, I don't even play Minecraft. However, I somehow found myself watching these trolling hackers videos and have spent the last 3 days of my life watching Jack's entire trolling hackers playlist. I never had a desire to play Minecraft, and never once have, however, I have found myself with an increasing urge to play on Skycade and purposely hack, just because I think it'd be a funny experience. So, that's something. xD
Jack, for your next hacker trolling video, you should teleport a hacker to a room that says, "Hello User, You have been teleported here to help me ban a hacker, their name is ___ and they used _________. Please use a sign in the chest ahead to say how many days to ban them for. Thanks Jack" Then you ban them for how long they say and if they leave give them a perm ban
Doni Bobes did this
do a yt sub comments decide how long to ban hackers
Jack on the next how to be a dick episode please troll the staff by pretending that you hacked the store :)
"no other youtubers have done this yet, but correct me if im wrong" "today we will be catching hackers..." jack youre wrong other yters are catching hackers lol jk ik wat u meant
I love how jack referred to the master ball as a little pink poke ball
I like your HyperX headphones ;) lookin slick.
I like every tweet you post!
for some reason i want to hack on this server to do this.What is wrong with me?
You're so awesome!!!
This is how everyone should troll. YouTube at its finest. ??
9:01 hacker v hacker
Stop catching hackers. You have Jackula things to do.
Ask strangers how long to ban
I AM A JUSTNOO FAN
ITS A MASTER BALL
i think doni did this?
Hi jack
Why just why are you such a good youtuber?
Doni bobes
You should make this a thing in your hub or something where you get like a temp kit or some blocks for SMP
3:49 Melissa banned the hacker for 30 days instead of 28 days
I love this series I’ve just binged watched a bunch
573 XDXD IM DEAD !'!!!!!!
I can't log on to my computer, much less minecraft
1 Like = 1 Hacker Jack sees
i cant join on your server because mc pe doesnt let me :-:
You should do more of these videos!
Jack I love your videos but I joined your “server” and it looked nothing like the one in the video. Have I been cat-fished?
My finger is playing the dropper and he has to land on the like button. He landed.
BTW the dropper map is 4 or more years old it celebrated his birthday not a long time ago
I subscribed a couple days ago because your awesome
Jack your my FAVORITE Youtuber and i recently got a laptop and started playing on your server (on smp) And i met SOCIETY! (Probably spelled that wrong) i hope you read this! Keep up the Good Work!!!
Jack can you explain the stick figure that was in factions spawn last week? ??
The cool wishy arrow transition thingy
Do something like chris hansen to catch a predator where you find a base and get a x raying personto raid it with you, then come out and watch them dispair
I have an idea: Send the hackers to court
JustHAveFunnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnn
I found your channel less than 3 weeks ago, but freaking love it. I love this series, and pretty much all your videos are absolutely amazing. My favorite video is the one where you trolled 2 mods who were fake x-raying, and I want to live by the quote 'YOU CANT DIDDLE A DIDDLE BOI!!!' JOHNATHAN, YOU TRAITOR!
"jacksucksatlife is 10/10 easily betrayed," said Jonathan ~ hacked January 13, 2018 - banned January 13, 2018
Hey Jack. What texture pack are you using? I love it and i want it! Also, ive been a sub for like a month. First night i saw you, i binge watched your hacker videos. SOOOO much fun to watch!
Donibobes did it a while back. It was like a marathon of trials though with a set time and no lives.
I just DROPPED a like xD
Perhaps you should do This again,but every time the hacker dies there are 10 days added to hi's ban ??! Good vid, but siriusly Don't you have caves to get killed in ?
Liked this video?? no wait I LOVED IT!???
jack look how far you have gone on your channel! I love your vids so much!
My name is WafflesRGreat my friends are WafflesRGood and KITTYSIX Long live tnoWaffles
Yeab should’ve had a perm ban, he didn’t play along
OMGGGGGGGGG YOUR SO FUNNY XD
Loved the video jack also the hh series is AMAZING!! KEEP DOING IT!
U kicked me 4 no head hack
Nice nz shirt! ;)
U kicked me
Doni has kind of done that
doni did it already
Open the dropper to the servers¡
People should drøp a like
On ur server for the 1st time rn. User: TortoiseDude1
hello!!!!!!
Amazing video!
But having a reduced sentence would be just a giveaway as you banning them
I logged on to skycade a few hours ago on op factions and factions my factions base was raided and it had all my stuff in it and on op factions peopl towered up to my base (there was nothing up that) but I'm so sad but oh well guess that's what happens :p
jack can u sign 3paths base? PLEASE IT WILL SPARE MY EARS
Donni kinda did it but it was super small and a part of an obstacle course
Actually. .. Doni did a dropper as well.
I love your video's Fam
Doni Bobes did a mini dropper....
xD I like roblox
THIS IS AMAZING!!!! One of the best Hacker Trolling Videos so far!!
Prisoner didnt play along either?
If I was a hacker and I had to do parkour, I’d probably beat it. (Jk i suck my m8s)
9:29 the guy tried to use fly but the anticheat kicked in.
I love this idea!
cool whishy arrow transition thingy
Johnathen!
Jack you should do something where you get 10 hackers and put them in a game of hunger games
Jack you need to play smp
Love this series!! This series is actually how I found your channel
I subscribed
Jack great vid and dont listen to the haters. Keep up the awsome work ??????
Best series along with harmony hollow
You should do a draw my life for 500k jack, i would like to see that :3
"oh he landed on the pink pokeball" All the pokefans got offended
You are by far the best Youtuber! #Youremumgayisalie
There should be a suffix that goes like this: [Name] The Diddler Another idea is... [Name] The Diddled
Good vid!!
How much does anyone wanna bet that jack didnt make that. ????????
I have been bingewatching your hacker troling series i have SUCCESSFULLY completed it 5 months well spent i say well i dont have Minecraft but i enjoy your content so much i laugh in every one i want to play on your server so much GL on you channel mate
2:25 that death message tho
Make a server that hackers can join and won’t get banned then right their names down that are hackers and if u see Them in other servers check the list and boom video easy
Haha spam four on your numpad xD
Loved the vid u make me laugh!
'The wooshy triangle transition thingy' - JackSucksAtLife Jan 13 2018
U are best youtuber jack
Why not do this for good players. Farther they get, they get a few keys
No likes from jack to me
oh lord glad this wasn't a fall.
Why are you still uploading videos Jack? Don't you have caves to get killed in?
Lmao they were forced
For the next hacker catching video, can you pretend to be new to skycade and ask the hackers for items. If they kill you, extend their ban length, if they ignore you, give them a standard ban, if they give you items decrease their ban depending on the rarity of the item.
Hey
I got tickled today ( ?° ?? ?°) he died
Ur idea's keep getting better jack :)
You should have made it so that for every attempt they get 1 day ban. So if they take 30 attempts they get a 30 day ban. If they complete on 3rd they get a 3 day ban
You should do a thing where each second you hold a note for,it's 5 days..Be a savage and make it 10!
Dis vid da bomb! Jack your my favourite YouTuber!
Do a video where it’s like hackers have to craft certain items in one minute and the more amount of items the craft = less days on the bans depending of the difficulty. For an example If a hacker crafts a cake that would be 4 days off the ban Hacker crafts a sword 1 day off the ban . Items would of course be provided.
I play on the server! Liked and subscribed
That is so funny, and cool
Jack have hackers do skywars
perfect.....
Daddy Jack Remember me after You hit 100,000,000 Yes one hundred mill 2nd edit You can’t diddle a diddleboi
A New Zealand jacket as an Aussie i am afended
Just wondering, because prisoner didn’t participate shouldn’t he also be perm banned?
boi
I liked luv u Jack
Jack you should do PvP to ban them. Like, they get a number amount of chances and how many kills they get within the chances is how many days they get off. (No hacking tho??) OR you could PvP them with hacks on urself with a certain maount of chances.
Jack you should do one where you troll X-rayers by putting a chest in the ground, but in the chest is a note saying "you have been caught hacking you scumbag" (or something like that).
Hi jack u have the best channel
Early..sort of
You should make it so hackers have to say each letter of the alphabet in chat one by one on a timer and when the timer ends each letter they had left to say =1 day extra ban (like if you agree)
Jack, is it true that Factions got hacked yesterday?
wolfie banned the first dude for 30 days
Really live your videos :D notice me senpai
yeet!
so basically parkour gods get off scot free? looks like i'm hacking today then
This was amazing! My mom yelled at me for laughing too hard ?? Great video jack. I dropped a like!
Hacker trolling YES!
Hey can you give marielitat back her trash chest she has not been able to speak because she has some kind of sickness and she had to rest her voice there for she has not been playing harmony hallow
Nice vid jack
i think doni made a hacker dropper game in a "Hacker games" video
This video dropped in my recommended
Next you should spawn any hackers into a giant eggplant theme park where in each roller coaster there’s lava at the end
I know who did this its YOU!!!!
Yay more hacker trolling I love it
Yay
Yes! Finally something different and new
Hello im a ad min
I love jacks vids
Love u jack u r my faverioute youtuber i love ur videos and channel
Sandwiches!
Hi
5:51 look in chat
Jack love ur vids ?? keep up the great work
You should use Siri to ban hackers????????
364
The dropper.... MORE LIKE THE HACKER im sorry
You could catch 4 hackers and then set them in a replica of The Walls mini game and depending on how far they get is their ban length Last place: Perm Third: 100 days Second: 30 First: 1 day
hey m8 good job good work you’re my favorite YouTube m8 you’re The best don’t stop keep up
Hi hi
Ace Video!!
lol!
I always leave a like before watching your videos are really good jack and your really funny
When your sick with the flu but u don't give a crap cuz u wanna watch yt
You should do an escape room for hackers
Johnathan! I trusted you! How could you! Im dissapointrd!
1 thousnth like :p
Hey i'm wondering if I can have a shout out...I subscribed and I turned on the bell,,,PS.im trying to type perfict but im don't in real life so i hope i get one BYE! Hello!
Subscribe and drop a like
Love the vids jack but do I did something similar
Jack says "well theres a public wesite that showes the bans so everyone will know im on" me "uh oh on me oh hes on to me"
I am 5_blue_kiwiz lol glad I got into the video though ??
The hackers will fall and fail and gracefully be banned by the one and onlyXD
Yee
prisoner tpd away and ho only got 30 days???
Very good Jack ! I love you!!!????????????
Hio guys
Yay trolling not ban lenght vids ;)
Hi
Pin me daddy
early squad!
Doni has
Hilarious as always!!
I love these kinds of videos. They're always so funny! ??
forcing hackers to draw
U lil scumbag, I liek u
Who remembers "roses are red coal is black skycade is fun and I hope this is Jack" ????
Jaaack? Wtf
Can you do another Discord one
It is not called a "pink pokeball" it is a Master Ball.
Every sick day is immediately made better by Mr SucksAtLife!!
We all trusted you Jonathan.. WHY YOU DO DIS TO US ??
first to lie about me being first
Moo
Hackers can't do the dropper! They aren't good enough to do things legit!
Hello
NOTIFICATION SQUAD!!!!!!
Ppl keep saying ur GF is too hot for u but I say YOUR TOO FOR YOUR GIRL FRIEND!!!!!
noot noot
*574
No
hi my lil scumbag
2 views?!??! lol
I dropped a like!
Same I really enjoy the red arrow thingy
First To like my own comment. I'm the 321st comment.
Jack Should Be the most popular Yt Because The is the Best Meme Channal!!!!
321st
“The pink pokeball” triggered
Love this channel
Jack is so funny
i love ur videos
Best ban series on youtube.
I love your vids Jack!!!! your amazing!!!
Love me
hey! I am the 5,018 view!!
I love your videos :'3 they always make me happy
hi jack could you do a draw my life video?
I GOT BANNED FOR NOTHING IGN:InfamousGem435 `contact me on discord ALmighty Seal
Love this! You come up with great ideas that keeps this series so entertaining!
I'd love to play on your server, unfortunately my connection is a step above dial-up and your mod Society is too ban happy. kill aura and anti knockback look the same as a bad connection apparently. :( I was unbanned but it ruines it man
im always early
missed notification GAH CURSE YOU SLEEP*
''He Just Set HimSelf On Lava'' -JackSucksAtLife 2018 Awesome video Jack keep up the good work I DROPPED a like on this video :D
Imagine if jack replied ??
I actually randomly thought of that once, lmao! Amazing idea and great video. ‘’Dropped’’ a like btw
#NotificationSquad + #MerchSquad
Bloody Jonathan griefed your map, what a fool. He literally could have been banned for only some amount of days, instead he griefed your map. Well he got what he deserved :)
“The little pink pokeball” I’m sorry but jack do you not know what a freaking masterball is?
Roses are red Violets are blue I play skycade And you should to!
Mornin jack
Can i play the dropper for fun, hit me up
This is amazing wow
#youlittlescumbag #youthinkyourafenixtree
FIRST :O
Jack why don't you make the hackers dance in minecraft. Joke : How do trees get online? – They just log in.
Insert Horrible pun " "
Yesss more hacker trolling!!
I love ur channel because ITS AWSOME
Troll normal players we want a peice of the fame cake too :D
Lol jack for the next video you should make them fight some kind of boss mob with low armor and depending on if they beat it without dying sees how long to ban them
I love your video Jack!!!!
Looks like there dropping to there’s ban.... sorry smash that like button
you should do a ban reset
Jack is the best hacker catcher!
Wow jack dropped tripple ban at the end
I LITERALLY WAS PLAYING DROPPER WHEN I GOT THE NOTIFICATION THAT THIS CAME OUT JACK WTF THIS IS WEIRDDD
7:10 "He landed on the pink little pokeball" TRIGGERED
Lel
Omg I wake up to a new video this is awesome, ????????????????????????
Anyone here before 1k views? C:
Droppers are my nightmare. I’m glad I don’t hack lol...
love ur vids
7:19 but he's not minding his own business, he's mining you're base!
16mins late shiaaattt
I WAS THE 473rd LIKER!! (btw love your videos)
crackin' you need more subs like right now aggghh
Wow im pretty early for the first time in forever
2 perm bans, and no anti-bans
Use the dropper more in videos
Ah, its been so long since I have seen a video involving the dropper. Clever thinking, using it to choose ban lengths.
256th!
Intresting*
Why are these videos so ingesting
Early
Hey Jack, where can I get some awesome merchandise?
This is a really good idea!
ILY JACKK ? ??
I’m early??
Jack pls no kill
Sorry, I'm late, notification squad :/
No other YouTuber has done this before but doni bobes will just copy it anyways
Your posting early u released on 3:01 in the uk your spoiling us
Wow I was 16 mins late
Yay before a thousand views
amazing vid jack!!
Oh cool I'm one of the 1000 views
Wooshy arrow transition thingy
Yay i wanted this
Wow yeah
D d d d d d drop the like!
you do such nice mini games for these hackers
Yes
I dropped a big fat like
Sexual assault on the moon
Do one where you force hackers to do parkour/ buy things like potatoes
CONGRATULATIONS Achievement unlocked "Reviving Your Channel"
YOU ARE LITERALLY THE BEST YOUTUBER EVER!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
<3 yay im somewhat early
LESS THEN 1k SQUAD
Great video jack
I know that there wasan't any in the video but what is freecam? The last vid I watched (it was like 52 or something) had it and I wasn't sure what it is.
Oooh the dropper ah you shouldn't hack it ruins the fun for others and yourself aswell
968TH viewer yay
I'm early.. Let me tell a joke Knock knock Who's there Hacker Who Delivery for Hacker Tracker
if you love jacks videos leave a like
Oooo fun
50 views 238 likes What the hell youtube
fricking heck this video is good
Jack Pls play harmony hollow
#EarlySquad
You should've dropped the challenge, hackers are scums and deserve to get banned.
Are you on factions if so my name is fisherman09
Early squad where u at???!
did you ever check it was possible to do the dropper
Geez jack for me its like 1:11am btw cool car ??
3:45 the staff bans him for 30 days anyways lol
221st coomenter lawl #notiigang love u jack
Not to be the person that corrects you but I think doni bobes done this too but carry on I still love your vids
Make this a game mode on skycade
When's next HH coming out
223RD!
573
Is Jack sponsored by Sega now? Cause in the past few videos he just loves that Sonic the Hedgehog™? mug. It's okay if you are Jack, a man's got to eat.
pin this if you love your fans!
Yay I love droppers!
Omg Jack U little scumbag
Good
You should do one with Scott and Callum ????????
nice vid keep up the gr8 work!
I never noticed when you die it says you got diddled ??
I swear that thumb nail is from MrWoofless or am i incorrect if iam sorry ANNNNNNNNNNNND notification squad
Here I am, tucked in my bed about to fall asleep And then jacksucksatlife uploads a “minecraft hacker trolling video...” FUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUU
Woo! New Videos and fun on Skycade! (best server!)
I love how it isn't a dropper its THE dropper
51 person to watch this HELL YEAH
“Cool whooshing arrow transition thing”
I am laugheng
I love your videos jack!!
first
FIRST ONE TO SAY FIRST
Anyone who disliked is a scum bag.
awesome!
7 mins in :3 keep up the good videos, Jack!
all of a sudden your videos became the only thing in my recommended. even your old ones eek
Pin this and I will show U DE WAE
Don’t let go jack
I38 comments - 50 views. Makes sense.
jack you should livestream sometime
Hacker:Yay im hacking and not getting caught Jack:Hi there Hacker:Who are you? Jack:kms
i got the notification Yay I never get it
201 likes 50 views Nice job YouTube ????
when a video has 50 views and 216 likes, makes sense
#earlysquad
Early! Love u Jack! I’ve been enjoying your content.
F.A.N.G vs what ever the hunters names are who will win AKA you guys should have a war!
These videos are so funny
WTF how did this come to my recomindation Anyhow ur channel is awesome
#LikedTheVideoBeforeWatchingIt #EarlySquad
ily
woke up to this video's notification lol. wasn't disappointed
<3
Yooo
Luv me jack
I'm having 2012 Minecraft video flashbacks..
anyway I realy liked this vid jack u are the best youtuber ever and are histerical
You should change Scott's name on the sign at the teleport hub to Dang and then make it invisible.
New Zealand hoodie? MY MAN. REPPING THAT KIWI HIWI APPAREL REEEEE. Ps; I found you like 4 weeks ago. You are the only minecraft youtuber who's content I enjoy rn. I haven't played Minecraft to have proper fun since I was like 6 (I'm 14 now.) but maybe I should come check out your server and see if I will enjoy Minecraft now. I've always been really critical of the "cringy" and "annoying" little kids that I've associated with the game, but seeing some of your content, I've actually seen that some minecraft youtubers can have enjoyable senses of humour for the older people whilst keeping it PG for the younger people that would obviously come with the game. You might not see this, but you are shedding a never light on how I view the game. (Btw your hacker trolling series is gold lmao, that's how I found you. Trusty recommended taberino.)
It is my 13th birthday ??
Lol u the best bwt lauren toke her animals back ??????u best dawg
Jack do a parents decide how long a hacker is banned
First
Jack, did you receive my little christmas card?
154th!!!!!b XD
I LOVE ALL OF YOUR SERIES JACK!!!!!
Hi
helloo
jack can you say my name in a vid plez
It's 4:05am right now were I live I'm tired
"If any of you scumbags out there wants to try that then they can face the wrath of my perm ban" - Most threatening sentence from JackSucksAtLife (13/01/2018)
Wtf 5 minut s ago and over 100 comments
50 views and 140 likes hmmmm seems legit.
Just made some spicy noodles, I'm ready to watch this at 2:10am... Also.. MERCH LINK IN THE DESCRIPTION!! It's amazing quality! Get your grubby little hands in it!! Update: MY MOUTH IS ON FIRE!! I knew I shouldn't have added the Dried red chilli!
4 am in the NZ morning. CHILLAXING AND MAXXING.
Love this video also please do more harmony hollow
Great video!
I wis I can go on your server can u do that on the Xbox 360 Xbox live
This is a great idea!
#NotificationSquad "Cool Wushy Arrow Transition Thingy"
I DROPED a like Get it Love the arrow flashy thing ur right it never gets old I loveee u and ur so funny ?? Do more funny harmony hollows and banning people
Hey Jack, love your vids, keep up the amazing work man!
50 views 128 likes ok
Why am i even trying to make a good comment to get on the top. DropThatCombo more like DropInDropper ;)
It is currently 2:03 am where I live and I had to watch Jake’s episode
I wish I had a fancy arrow thing transition where can I get one?
I had to make sure I did drop a big fat like!!
Hey jack
Every hacker you catch they shuts killer chickens
50 Views and 110 Likes, i got notified on twitter btw,i turned on notifications :^)
If I was a hacker and you made me so the dropper I would fail like 50 times. You'd just have to ban me ??
I rly love u vids Mr mushroom
100th comment!!!
First
Jack I love you vids
Hey
Awesome video jack . U should let Becky play HH with you . Or she should Join HH and have her own channel ??????
First 50 views
when you ban a hacker you drop them get it becuse you forced them to play the dropper??
Hahahaha what are the ods i was watching a dropper video by shubble cuz i was i was laughing so so hard????????????
Here before 100 <3 love ya jack
Jack Visit play.skycade.ney
Everyone's like haha I'm first! And I'm like haha I'm 79yh!!
Actually jack it is 574 not 573 players online 0:12
nice video, i just applied for staff on the server, i am really excited if i become staff :)
50 views, 111 likes and 77 comments? Makes sense youtube :)
Not only do the hackers drop. Their reputation drops tooo!!
omfg I'm early
notification squad be like <3
I love this server and u jack
Love you jack and the cool wooshy arrow transion
they’re still better than me i’m horrible at dropper
when are you gonna run out of idea's?
bloody amazing
Hi jack awesome vid
Jack you are one of my favorite YouTubers. You are the best!
Your man Doni Bobes done this thing fam. mans nice
??????
Yay new vid
Jack you are the best ?? your the only reason I haven’t killed myself
#notificationsquad! ????
I will keep posting jokes until you do another HH week. Day 1:You really DROPPED them hackers eyyyy
First?
Amazing vid xx
Ey
i was like in your Q&A like 2 years ago twice in one vid . lol i threw a spasm
Hii
50th VIEW!! hi jack its me, i made the diss track and was a helper. new one coming soon! i <3 your channel!
You should always upload this early
Am i late??
Theese hackers are gonna die so many times! xD
This is so cool
Great way to start off my morning.
Hiiiiiiii
Play the game you're in again!
50th
Amazing video jack!! Also to whoever is reading this, enjoy your day :)
53rd
Cool video!!
Jeepers creepers. wot a surprise upload jackaboy.
love ya
Ayy early squaddddddd
OMG #NotificationSquad
Plz pin me m8
In the early squad ??
Roses are red violets are blue, jacksucksatlife merch is awesome and so are you ;)
30!
Another Great Video ??
#NOTIFSQUAD!!
I like how people say first and I’m here like yes he finally finished editing ??
22'en Notification? Squad!!
Second
Hi jack, I love your video
PLEASE UPLOAD HARMONY HOLLOW
Next do: Asking random strangers how long to ban hackers
Hello Jack.
Dropper makes me dizzy Is it just me
Sure why no t
First
I watched this while eating
36 second squad :D :D
That’s rather strange
OMG YAAAY
Spent my first week on skycade grinding on factions and already got 1mil
Love the vids¬.¬
Haven’t even watched past the intro and I already love it!
Drop it like it's hot!
Um doni did hackers games which has a dropper, so it has been done
Not first, maybe last :)
Pin me I’m first ??
hey cutie
jackk
oi
brb gotta get popcorn
1
Hello #earlyYTsquad
I dropped a like!
use siri to ban hackers
Ur so hawt
First
forcing hackers to fall 120ft to their death more like...
I love Your vids Your the god ??????????????
Hi
4th!
Where my notification squad at?
3rd
So early jack I love this channel Also I was first like
1st
First
Second nice!
First View and like!