can i enchant them btw? just because they have bonuses when you make them
This mod is too complicated, like jesus christ.
Nice you should create server with mods . People will be want to play witch you at modded mincraft.
Ur lack of OCD is killing me...
Thanks I was really stuck! This helped so much :)
U
WHY THE FUCK IS THERE NO 2018 VERSION FOR ME THE STENCIL TABLE IS USELESS
THANK YOU OMG!
tysm wondering why it wouldn'y work
I'm in a newer version and theirs no brass and no aluminum ingot and no copper ingot
thank you
I got blood in the tank. Faucet doesn’t work in that case
love your vids helped me
This is useful since the lost pages of current 1.12.2 tinkers' construct. Or as I call them, "oh you want to do tinkers construct well good luck because all the building pages are gone so go look it up on youtube you newb" pages. Seriously, those are the most important pages in tinkers' construct and they leave those out........
man i tryed but in casting tabel doesent makes nothing wen i start the foucet doesent starts
Need a much money?
THANK YOU SO MUCH!!!
What mod displays the Saves on the left side?
why does every minecraft video have to be cringey
why does every minecraft video have to be cringey
You dont have to cook grout and stuff over and over. You can just cook some Cobble for Seared stone. It takes a while but does the same as Bricks do. You can also get a Stack of cobble, throw it through the top of the smeltry, And it will automatically add once it finishes cooking the previous things. You can put Seared Stone into your crafting station, and change how it looks, and even change it to Seared bricks.
Googles for some sort of help with Tinker's Construct Sees Chad and shouts HOLY CRAP THAT'S CHAD FROM ELU
thank
it wont let me move my ore to the bottom
OMG-Chad, thanks for your clear and concise reviews/tutorials! If I wanted to run as few mods as possible (w/ Milenaire), which ones would I use?
Whats the thing on top that tells you the block called
Ty for all the help <3
Thank you so much! I Just got the MAGE modpack, and I basically need this mod to get thru the Aether and other realms! Much Thanks to you ive subbed and liked :D.
also, i this supposed to have aluminum & brass ore? b/c mine does not.
How did he clear the nei interface?
Thanks Chad!
#noonelikesachad
this one is much better https://youtu.be/RrihRbgb4xY if you're an adult
great moooooooood
My ears????????
This is probably the most helpful video I’ve ever watched.
Also you can make temporary templates out of clay ( I might be wrong )
7:13 you literally made a backwards stone pickaxe
My tinker table isnt working
Doe s this mod come with ores or do you have to get a different mod? I really need to know
when i put ores i cant switch them ? why?
what was that other cheating mod that he was using that let you set your time to day and night
You could say it's a good THERMAL FOUNDATION. I'll pop out now. (Uses simplyjetpack)
What was the wood you had in your side bar because I want that mod
How do we download this mod
Wait, tinkers construct mod + cubic chunks mod = near infinitely tall furnace
How do you make large/heavy plates??? Plz I need help I’ve tried everything
modpack?
You forgot the seared furnace...
very interesting, thanks i understand a lot more now
So horribly made.....and way too obviously made for children....adults that arent autistic, play this shit too
no one likes you kill yourself
VEEEEEEEEEEEEEEERY helpful thanks very useful in this video is upgrading pixaxes
name of mod. When you looking an block and this show this name/item from mod ect
BTW u can use gold too.. 16:10 #HelpingThePast! xD
thx chad
OMGChad: we will start of by 3 by OMYgod blah me: what? 3 by OMYgod blah?
THEY CALL ME MISTER PIG!! lol
My Tinkers Construct 1.12.2 does not include things such as copper ore and aluminium ore. What do I do to resolve this?
cancer
nice shirt
What mod is dat currently harvestable thing
he has 50billion mods on it cant have that much pages 622
10:22 donald trump lol
lol what is the point of putting silk touch and auto smelt on the same pick XD
how do you get the whole inventory thing???
When I click on its it does not go to the bottom
and those incluld a uh a uh smelltery controller 10:38
nice shirt bro
Mm...can you make a mod..i challenge u
Tinker's Construct seems like a pain in the ass to learn. It uses new mechanics which I don't know, so it makes it even harder. How do I remove this mod from my modpack?
manyulin (man-uh-lin)
nostalga
awww they removed the lava crystal!!!
you can make unbreakable pickaxes
11:10 THAY ARE MINE I WEAR BLACK ALL THE TIME
my seared faucets wont work.
you help me a lot thanks dude :)
How do you get CrackPack
please make an updated version, this is so old and things dont work anymore
Ut dont work for servers
omg this mod gave me headache
If I click the ores it won't switch
havent seen this chanel in a while
Fyi, if you put a regular chest next to a crafting station, it will add a thing to it too
Very nice video! I enjoyed it a lot
lol look at his shirt
8:59 did you dead ass just make a reference to "they call me Mr. Tibbs" in a minecraft video made for kids who definitely haven't seen that movie?
The fact that I have to look up a guide for this mod just to GET STARTED with using it really bothers me...
Please realise that you can make casts out of glass
Can you use something else for casting? instead of brass?
<><>
thank you so much you helped me out a lot I kinda new to mods to I'm overwhelmed again thanks
I'm downloading the mod from curse, but it's say it could harm my computer, what should I do?
Manyullyn is pronounced "Man-uh-lin". 15:25
I always used to think "Oh Tinker's Construct mod sucksssss!!!" no im getting it now
This is YouTube, not the news central
yo that was so helpful i have been so confuzed about tinkers that i subscribed
I honestly thought I needed a refresher and now I know that I overly criticize everything Thanks world
chadtronic is the better chad but it's because this channel is a guide video and chadtronic is based on comedy so I guess it's ok
i cant make the next books
what if the controller doesn't work
For me it says "Tinkers' Construct is missing mods it depends on. Include the following mods or remove Tinkers' Construct. Mantle 1.10.2-1.1.4 or above See 'fml-client-latest.log' for technical information."
Love the video Chad but you don't need brass for the cast, you can just use gold if you want. ?
911 Like!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Please help there is no aluminum in my game.
that was the most cringeworthy intro.
omg chad how does this mod run with a laptop fast slow laggy
What's that mod you're using to see all the recipe? i'm kinda curious about it :D
Does anyone know what's going on with Skydaz? I've tried to download this mod on 5 different days and every time I try downloading the .Zip file it gives be the .exe file
The machine is called the smeltermatron 5000
Put a chest near the Crafting Station and you can open the Chest when you open the Crafting Station. Huge help when crafting a decent amount of items or for a guide like this.
If you didn't get anything a few tips to get started Make sure you All tables Make sure you have Not Enough Items And Too many items ASAP Make sure you are rich you need to have alot of materials Make every affordable table or tool in this mod Mess around because you can make stuff like a iron pickaxe with a diamond stick and a gold back ect I'll leave more tips if this get likes
this is the best mod ever OMG
Do you play on a MacBook
YES YES YES YES YES
What Does Vers can apply that mod (Tinker's Consturck) plss OmgChad
OMGChat Litters.....
what modpack are you playing please
tenx
16:20 learning to spell with Chad
You're such a fucking manchild. Talk normally please; I can't understand wtf you are saying.
i love these
The weaponry book kinda looks like the new Knowledge book in 1.12.
If u put a NORMAL chest behind the crafting station you get the chest GUI as well as the crafting station
Sorry Chad
Cheers chav
how to get the mod
I can't change the molten in the machine What can i do
I'm?subscribing because of that Lion King reference
Do the ones come with the mod
alright just started using this mod, me and my gf have been playing minecraft while she's at college to keep in touch (discord for voice of course) and have absolutely fallen in love with SkyFactory 3 (something i had gotten interested in because Achievement Hunter had a blast playing it and made minecraft fairly "serious" (player-adaptive) to me in general.), and it comes standard with tinker's construct. But it didn't have a player manual in the sense you'd think. It's got a more... "everything in one" book, and doesn't warn you of some items nor alloys. SkyFactory also has several other amazing mods that i've yet to grasp the entirety upon. This quick review of it has helped me get this bloody smelter of mine finally running! (didn't have a faucet. spent 4 days trying to alter the design to realize such a simple missed item was all i needed! x_x) so now i can start getting better tools for me and the lass :3 thank you so much.
nice shirt!!
can you please make a video how to install Tinkers' Construct
I suck at this mod like I didn't even know how to make a smeltery thx chad
Can you fucking not talk as if every viewer is 10 years old, seriously.... ~sigh~
????????!!! ????? ???? ????????
WOW! this is a coincidence i was just playing tinkerers construct
someone answer me pls, so if or when it gets updated to 1.11.2 it comes with more ores or do I need more ores mod? cause I have one and I might delete it then...
such a literal intro. Tinker's plus Emerald/Obsidian tools/armor is my first mod(S). I've never been able to mod before as I use Mineshafter, but I found a loophole and I'm really excited.
fun fact i did something for the lucky blocks mod and lined to how to download it i didn't work but wen i downloaded this mod it work also love u chad
CANT  GET THE ORES
WHAT VERSION OF TINKERS IS THAT
Shitty fucking guide that doesn't work
Shit guide
can you do more tutorials on the mod pack big dig please im stuck on it and i see videos with so much good stuff but idk how to get there?
thanks man your the best iv been looking for so long on youtube and no one ever tells me how to make a stencil, thank you so much, now living the dream with my epic sword.
so does it have to be 3x3
Does he have Lipstick on?? or is he Gay
Who is watching in 2017/2018?
even tho this vid is outdated it still helped me a lot, thank you
can you make a tutorial for tconstruct 1.10.2?
this tutorial blows. not thought out at all and he doesn't even know how to use this mod. ffs
Most of the things are removed or changed in 1.10 :C
What mod has the aluminium and copper ores
God damn stop fucking SCREAMING to EMPHASIZE words
I tried to put sharpness on my sword but nothing happened.
chad why does it sound like you been drinking beer
So now you are trump? XD
It won't let me make patterns, I put a blank pattern in and when I choose a pickaxe head, nothing else happens.
Ah um, ahhhhh. Ahhh, um, um, ahh, ummm.....yeah
how do i get this modpack?
You can use gold instead of brass
how do you get that thing on the side ?
Its pronounced "man ill in" Manyullyn
You know that mod that when you hover over a block it shows you everything about it on the top of your screen and adds extra info to items like swords and stuff? Yeah I kinda want that mod , If you know the name please tell me :) Much Appreciated ( 1.11 )
OMG I DONT CARE ABOUT ANY OF THAT PART MAKING STUFF I JUST WANT TO KNOW HOW TO BUILD A SIMPLE SMELTERY
So guys is this modpack good? Im Russian so if any mistakes please forgive! Industrial craft 2 Minimap Tree capitator Tinker's Some extras like reverse Craft Table or Pocket Craft Table Build craft Railcraft? Damage indicator Smart moving...... Sounds good? Thanks!
i cant find aluminum and copper?
It's 2016, 1.11 is already out, but for some reason mods use to work on my computer but now they don't. Not even O.F. Do you know why?
what all mod you playing this video?
10:23 donald trumps infection XD
its pronounced manyoulin
LOL you have 551360 subs
wow seriously manyullyn best thing in tinkers
He said manyullyn as Man you lying
You could use gold for the cast
i have that mod but it freezes for 2 second every 2 second i walk
Orospu çocugu senin anani sikerim amina kodum
When i downloaded Tinkers Construct. It didn't give me the ore's. Like Aluminum, copper, tin. etc But I have all the tools for them
-- -- l (_____)
where you can get that minecraft
is he playin hexit?
lol I'm not scared at all by tinkers' construct, iv seen it in many videos and it doesn't seem very complicated.
It IS SO AWEASOME THANK YOU CHAD BUT CAN YOU PUT A LINK FOR MOD AND MANTLE PLZ
it is more modifiers. a nether star will give you mor modifier slots
Why cant i make a Wooden Pickaxe Head?
is there tinkers construct for mcpe
How to see the stats and the mining level on your pickaxe? Pls help me!!
How to see the stats and the mining level on your pickaxe? Pls help me!!
How to see the stats and the mining level on your pickaxe? Pls help me!!
you can also cast stuff with gold
Ay, it's Ochocinco
what mod did you use to see the names of the blocks you looked at?
can u get it on the phone
manyullyn is the best ingot in the tinkers construct i think
I CANT POUR DOWN THE SMELT ORES TO THE CAST THING. IT WONT LET MEH PLS HALP!
omg chad how do to make it so yo can 1.10 forge tern in to 1.7 ???
Orespawn
Cancer
dude, you're pretty confusing and incoherent at times. you need to prep your vids better.
It doesn't work if u click on the molten to put it on the bottom
hi .... im playing on sky factory 2.5 ( modpack ) and i dont think i can get the actuall ore and i only have the ingots would putting this ingot work?
You can use any metal for casting a casting plate, iirc.
how to dowload it't. please give me link
I just loaded this mod in and it started me with the tinkers construct volume 2 no volume 1 8(
I'm getting tired of all the MCPE Master ads... I'm already using it.
You can use gold instead of aluminum brass
CrackPack? where can i download this modpack
"666 likes..." Hits the like button "I Fixed it!"
did anyone else think he sounded drunk
yeah 1.7 but now 50.of this is gone ;(
did anyone see stacks of 111?
What a shirt xD
do a tutorial about buildcraft
What's the mod that shows the crafting recipe
Hahahaha your t-shirt is funny
can you make a guide for the 1.10.2 version of tinkerer's construct?
OMG
I need a premium account free please contact me in Facebook : Ardit G Ejupi
and this is just 25% part of tinkers construct... there were more, like traveler's set of armor, knapsack, adding more modifier space,blue slime, projectile, projectile shooter, smeltery automation, bigger smeltery, slime tree, extra TiC addons mod, best ingot (which is manyullyn for vanilla TiC, and Pokefenium for Extra TiC), Tools XP (Extra TiC addons), and a double compressed diamond hammer modifier for TiC hammers (addons from Ex Compressum), Etc.
Dat T-Shirt Do
Tinkers construct was updated for Minecraft 1.10.2
What model laptop does OmgChad have? Smart people plz help me
TC is one of my favorite mods ever, but I miss the old ball of moss and more modifiers system... Still it's such a great mod!! :D
Love tinkers i understand it so well
Chad you need to make more stuff like this very helpful
omgcraft pls how to download minecraft in PC for free pls pls pls pls omgcraft you are the best pls
hi chad , I am a great fan of yours and I think you should have a give away of minecraft games ......:)
chad how do you make your own resource pack because i cant find one i like
Hey Chad how will i know if i won the givaway or not?
why can't I make a tool forge?? I've tried SO hard but i can't make it! can anyone help?
Sorry but bye to ur channel :/
omg chad can you tell us how to mod minecraft windows 10 edition pls
i love your videos OMGchad
and now you do this yesterday I was struggling soooooo hard with this on sky factory 2.5
It's silent "U" in the Manyullyn and that type of alloy is one of the useful for tools
Why would anyone play this? Why add a whole collection of more tedious crap to minecraft?
Nice video, it's helpful for those who play modded minecraft and still know nothing XD
make a video about it
where to downlaod it pls tell me
hey, are you planing to do a new CTM map with GOB someday ? :)
Please change your intro
"Than you are going to build a wall." OMGTrump
outdated, the newest version of tcon is in 1.10.2
What is the topaz-coloured thing?
please do top 10 MCPE Mods..
1 or 2?
what happen if you jump into melted metal?
i know this mod
please make a minecraft let's play with this mod
Dat shirt dow
Thank's Chad. Love the tutorial and the shirt. Looking forward to the next mod you look at.
haha your t shirt is riddicilous i want it
Please i would love if you do a Buildcraft mod tutorial.
hi chad plz help me how to open a book in minecraft PE plz if you see this plz make a video
Omg Chad do you use a Mac
This video is 25 minutes and its long welll goooood
hey omgchad I'm making a map and your in it!!! I just want to know what kind of item you want for you custom enchanted item :D love your vids!
you forgot to mention that smeltery doubles the output of ores than using a furnace and that there is a great tinkers add-on known as iguana tweaks which is awesome.
please change your intro
Great job Chad, I always love your videos! Btw, the tool station is for the basic tools such as pickaxe, axe, shovel, etc., and the tool forge is mostly there to make higher level items like the hammer, excavator and such. : )
Did you see his skin it looked weird
Who's starting modded minceraft with only tinker's construct
THX
OMGChad i love this serie!
What about gold? can't you use gold for a mold thing and clay?
Protip: you can also use gold instead of aluminum brass. It does take longer to find, but it's a good use for gold. You can also make the smeltery as big as... 9x9 I think? Might be 7x7. You can make it as tall as you want too.
Explain about elevators, please.
Your shirt????????
omg he uploaded this right after I downloaded this mod perfect
you are stupid... you can make casing using molten gold...
Chad, please make another video for this, but higher level
Nice to shirt where can I get one ??????
Idea. Add mods to SkyBlock.
What modpack were you using in this vid?
what version
This way to much
You messed up on your editing a bit.
How do you download mods
nice Chad thx
1326. Not too late ;)
also u can use gold instead of brass to make casings
Great video Chad <# tinkers can be super complicated, you did a great job touching on the topic.
41th
Nice video
show us how to make a wither cobble gen
One of the first
You should've made this in 1.10...
legends says if your early chad will reply and i think its fake soo"
I am 18th to like
I just noticed that this channel is focused on children
omg i really needed this, i suck at this mod, thank you Chad
can you show us how to download the mod
8th like and 118th view
Love from morocco
9th!!!
Do modded surviva'
TOTALY NOT FIRST
hello
I love being ON TIME
Hi chad
fuck you
2nd
first
first comment