Don't forget to mash that thumbs up button! :D https://www.youtube.com/WorstExtrasEver- https://twitch.tv/WorstPremadeEver - https://twitch.tv/JakersJackets - https://twitch.tv/CathBait - Thanks for watching and have a great day! :)
That duck looked like it was on cocaine and is wanting another fix but cant cause its broke
One last one because I'm still laughing at Cath and still feeling bad about it: "Now it's a house with all your family." "Yeah, the in-laws." (rimshot)
Housekeeping
this brings back some memory's
Are u guys going to do fallout 76 when it comes out
U good cath?
Made my day!
QUACK
U ok hon?
My cheeks are sore from laughing and smiling so much good job
oh hello there again
Yay you uploaded I love you guys
I will fucking kill you ... 2 sec later You ok hon?
Ellis my favourite type of salt
So glad I came back and watched the rest of this vid!
1:41 heres a Idea, Have it so on the Inside their's a Preasure Plate so when someone steps on it the Door Opens and Shuts automatically when they Leave, And when they open it to come in when they step on the Plate it will shut the door.
I feel like a failure missing one of your videos ._.
How did You make the server????? I need your help!
ALEX IM GOING TO MURDER YOU, CLOSE THE DOOR XD that had my in tears
Also, I love how Alex screams "CAAAAATH!!!" and runs outside, then Cath comes up from the basement like 'Is he gone?' XD
How to trigger Jake: Place or remove a torch. How to trigger Ellis: Leave the door open. How to trigger Matt: Harm his flowers. How to trigger Alex: Misplace his fences. How to trigger Cath: Lead an invasion of cows into her house. And that, Cath, is why everybody picks on you. Cath-rage is like shiny Pokemon; fundamentally just like all the others, but so rare that people go out of their way to find it and feel highly rewarded when they get it anyway.
PLEASE DO MORE MINECRAFT PLEASE
Have you guys played ARK: Evolved? If not then you guys really should. I think you'll make it 10X funnier.
Lol
I literally laughed when Jake always blaming on Ellis
7:44 = https://youtu.be/GKkDI7EIQrw?t=20
First video I have ever seen of you guys and it was amazing. Congrats on the new sub.
Cath’s rage was the best
CLOSE THE FUCKIN DOOR I relate to this quote
GIVE ME MA FUCKING 3 DOORS I CRAFTED YOU BELLEND!
Jawas shark doodoo doo
Y'all saying Ellis is your spirit animal ALEX IS MY FLIPPIN' SPIRIT GUARDIAN
mmmmmmmmmore ples!
U ok hon!?!?!?
Hang on, I think I've finally figured them all out. Jake = Cookie Monster Matt = Elmo Cath = UniKitty Alex = an actual sulky narwhal (sulky because he majored in business and now has piles of student loans and a job he hates) Ellis = Eric Trump How'd I do?
cath is the person who mood swings from scared to "wtf" matt is the person that is blamed for the creeper ellis is the person who laughs and goes back to WWII after the creeper and jake pickes the dead person remains and goes "are you dead" when they are dead.
EEEELLLLIIIIISSSS
Who are these guys?
jaw-was was here :) i bet you guys were not housekeeping but looting peoples chests :D
i cannot stop replaying the part where alex screams "CAAAATH" it just sounds so funny i'm in tears
Weeeeee neeeeeeeeed moreeeeeeeeeeee
Alright everyone, place your bets: What will be the next shirt in the WPE merch store: #1: Ellis's Precious Metal Club official member #2: Tactical Snake Placement #3: Tasty Wheat #4: I <3 Migraines #5: Coral in a Boral
thank god youre still upload video
MOAR MINECRAFT
I'm late af, but that was hilarious
You lot might just reinvent minecraft videos and you guys haven't even tried different mods yet!!!
I replayed the part where Alex and Ellis were yelling at each other about doors and fences so many time XD Def my favourite moment of the video
Oh gee, silent rage Ellis in this game is actually scarier because of that skin he has
I found your channel a week ago and I can’t get enough of it
Ahhh a normal game of minecraft with the wpe sniffff ah the smell of salt
The karma at the end xD and omg hon, the amount of effort put in the sub (especially the ENDEERRRRIIIII) (????)?*:·?? On a side note, Cath sounds raw with rage, :')
Did I just travel back in 2012 or something?
" U okay hon? Pm me" ?????? that killed my jaw
Cath, U K HON?!?, And also remember Jake preys on the weak, But why he no prey on himself???
MY LOVELY FLOWERS!
Subbed.
WTF
All the rage from cath to ellis so much love involving between those two xD
FINALLY someone hates the shark song 3:05
im half raging at what people are doing because i would HATE if someone ruined my house but i also love the banter so im laughing my ass off....
How do you only have 81k subscribers you deserve a million
you okay hon?
Awesome streams bro ????
Jake falling and dying and Cath's rage at all the cows invading her house killed me, this is great. Also that new intro with the channels is fuckin slick, I don't know why but I adore it
I love how nostalgic Minecraft is for me. I remember when I first got it and my sister and I were so excited. We came home and found it on our computers and it was amazing. I wanna buy it again, since the first copy I had of it was on my computer that I dont have access to anymore.
U OK HON?! ??
On another note, I'd like to point out the irony of someone who self-identifies as a "miserable maggot" being insulted by the insinuation that she is related to cows. To whose defense is everyone coming? Cath or the cows? Kind of calls to mind every time in prison that an ax murderer cusses out a sex offender.
Bruh the rage is REAL love you guys
6:54 It means there’s an imminent cave-in coming- UHHH!
JAKE STAHP LEAVEN DA DAMN DOOR OPEN!
WHY DID I NEVER GET THE NOTIFICATION
WHAT THE YOU FUCKING LUNATIC HOW THE FUCK CAN RAGE IN MINCARFT
I heard people shouting my name-
Jake, jake. What? You know I love you right? You DID take the torches didn’t y WAAAAAAAAAAAH! splat INSTANT RAGE!
Cath gets upset when cows invade her home. Technically that happens every day to her (not sorry ellis)
pushes friends off a tree 200 stories in the air and tells down UK HON
Now I just want to sub ya!
Jawas t-shirts lol
Could you do a last year the nightmare gameplay it's like dead by daylight but it's new and cool
Can anyone link me the texture pack that was in the first clip, all the ones I found were full of viruses
I like how Alex ran outside screaming "CAAAAAAAAATH" and then Cath came from downstairs.
Man a lot of rage inducing shit happened in this one
MOM THIS IS NOT A PHASE IT'S MINECRAFT! XD
4:10 the best rage ever ????????
Does anyone know jakes IGN?
i want more!!!
Minecraft 5 year old rage
This is my most favorite video so far. thx guys P.s also my favorite part of the video is where cath literally rage because of cows and complaining about how shitty you guys are 4:11
Make a Jawas shirt
poor cath xD
Confused me in the first bit, took me awhile to realize it was from Ellis' perspective
Awww poor Jake:( Migraines fucking suck. I hope it went away quickly! ?
This video made me laugh so much! Also in other videos it's always Ellis raging because of Jake and now it's Jake because of Ellis XD
9:35 my lil bro and me almost everyday. I'm Jake, he's Ellis ??
Keep posting ur video ur make my day and We Always Love Youuuuuuuahhhhhh
???? hilarious upload, thanks for sharing it!!!
Mmh I think I'm gonna add French subtitles on your videos
1:05 I was screaming at my screen "DON'T DO IT JAKE IT'S A TRAP!" lmfao
Leerooyyyyy!!!!love your vid guys keep it up
"We're playing Minecraft. This is supposed to be a calm and relaxing stream." Jake is saying this to the people that could start a shouting match during a funeral about what's the better stream meme: Housekeeping or anything that has to do with angry Cath.
HOUSEKEEPING!!! :D
This is so far the best episode
Its so nice to see you guys grow from 5K to 80K
I have a dirt home in mc or a hole
Who's lanky man?
I love these videos so much
I don't think you understand how much I love your videos. If you were to make a 72 hour compilation of you guys just playing random games. Welp there goes sleep and school. You are and always have been my favorite channel. Keep up the great work!
You guys should do this more often! :D
8:05 Matt remember when yo- (swipe) annnd Jake just killed one...AND MY FLOWAS YOU F*CKING INCONSIDERATE ARSEHOLE!
Lololololololololololololololol????????????????????
Dang how can you play during a migraine?? I can't even walk lol
Just amazing I genuinely could not stop laughing
#EELLLLIISSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSS
When I wish that I did this on Minecraft myself.
It said that Jake was killed by 'intentional game design'. I don't play Minecraft, well I tried once but couldn't really get into it, so what does that mean, 'killed by intentional game design'?
I will only ever tune in to Caths channel. Cath number 1 <3
FNAF scream at 5:25
My new favorite channel 1000% I'ma get all my friends to subscribe to you <3
4:20: Aww, Cath, you know they all love you. That's why they save all the really good, effort-extensive stunts for you. No, really, think about it: How many times has Cath been deliberately blown up by Matt or Ellis? Now compare those figures to Jake's. Also, I love how Cath chases out of her virtual house the man with whom she shares an actual physical house in real life. That's either great composure or great immersion on her part.
I've been having a really bad month and this just made everything so much better. Thank you guys!
Random block underground tHATS MY FOOKIN’ HOUSE YA BASTARD
6:30: Don't forget that time in The Forest when you caught him hoarding dead bodies. ;-D
Rip Alex’s Keyboard
Did Alex ever get his fences back?
I swear it’s the first time Cath has finally released her rage at everyone
Alex wants his fences ??????. He has so much rage ????????
I like when you saw hon, when someone died xD
You delayed my studying for 10 minutes. Thankyou
I WAS HOPING YOU GUYS WOULD PLAY MINECRAFT
I stopped watching adventure time to watch this. Do you have any idea how important you gotta be to stop me from watching my damn cartoons?! Lol thanks for another funny video.
Jake I love how you didn't believe Ellis when he said it was a part waiting to cave in and you just had to test it ??
I've found your channel yesterday and now I'm binge watching all of them You guys are really funny :D
I was here for one of the streams Edit: OMG MY SENPAI’S NOTICED MEH OMG OMG OMG OMG OMG (Sorry bout that)
:breaks through the roof: HOUSEKEEPING 3:09 OH GOD NO NOT BABY SHARK
XD I'm crying that was too funny
The original vids were so freakin hilarious xD This makes it better. Breaks into the underground house "Oh ffs!" Jake: "Hehe... housekeeping!"
More. Minecraft.
that scream made me laugh so much
You guys were such arseholes to Cath in this stream
I want More, K hon?
Yes Minecraft
you guys are the best i cant stop laughing like a maniac omg my head hurt from all this laughter..oh u guys make my day i love you all
No one else other than you guys can make me laugh every video ?? I can watch videos over and over, still being able to laugh ????
Caths salt littery made me cry lmao
You guys should do a sot vid where you sing the pirates of the Caribbean theme
Y’all are so noobs in minecraft
Hilarious
Good god all mighty and I think making a house is bad yeesh.
I loved watching ur live stream Yeeeeeeees
U k hon?
Is it just me or does Ellis sound like Chris Moyles when he gets angry??
i wanna see you playing Terraria, that will be fun :)
Hello, how much cost delivery from merch to Poland???
You guys managed to ruin Minecraft... When can I sign up!?
Ohhh yes the gang is back ! Love your video !
1:03 You fell for the oldest trick in the book. Come on, man!
Just one building trick from me (maybe a bunch) If you tale logs and place them so they are diagonal to the corners of the House it would look so much better, also in that underground base you’ve got. You are need to frame the staircase with some logs. For further building tips go to a Channel called Grian on yt. PS i cant remember if you had your area lighted up, but if you light up your entire area with some torches, leds mobs is gonna spawn. OKAY
Ok I want this freaking shirt! buys it Well....
Play UNO
Thank gods i thought it was another live stream
Miss playing minecraft
1 like to let Cath have something nice without it getting shat on Cath-Abuse is no laughing matter
i hate the weird splodgey bit
Another great film
<3
Fuck! I've missed so many of your guys videos since I've been working on my exhibtion for school
QUACK
YEEEES THE QUACK T-SHIRT :) I WAS WAITING FOR IT
That was hilarious!
quack
I love you guys so damn much, and once again... Ellis is my spirit animal
3:32 IT’S JAWAS
QUACK
I love the skins
poor cath
Gotta axe you an honest question : What is that gurgling noises in game? Also, I like cawfee
i fuking love this shit i swear you guys remind me of my mates and it freaking hilarious XDD
I once commented on a WorstExtrasEver video that there was more salt in the video than twitter the day after Trump got elected but this is like Trump election and Brexit all in one.
ELIS WHATS MY TING MADE OF
U K HON?!
Goddamnit, I literally just got that Baby Shark song out of my head yesterday!
Thanks for the laughs. ^^
Please do another dead by daylight video they're the best!! ??
Never thought Minecraft can be this funny... then again I am on this channel.
I dont think some of you had seen videos for new Minecraft players :P
I skipped class just to watch you guys slowly go insane worth it! :D lol jk I’m sick
Creeper say hi! And blow you up!
quack I can say whenever you guys are together someone goes insane and another rages until they lose their voice and mind ??
These are really underrated
Just because my profile picture is a hamster it does not make me a furry stop calling me that or go find the closest river and drown your self in it XD
Yay another rage video
You lot just made a trend where u need to piss off every friend online so much they make a peaceful game a fucking clusterfuck. Seems that what happens to your every gaming sessions.... Lol
U K Hon
Lol
Hahhah awesome vid bro :)
How do to guys not lose your voices when you scream IIIIII WILL ALWAAAYYYYYS LOVE YOUUUUAHHHHH
So, can we make Minecraft relevant again?
I really want "any day now!!" T-Shirt rn.. Also, did you die on 8:33 ? Cus there's a creeper there
Jake is an absolute sausage tickler!!!!! Cath is awesome. Matt is a wanker.
Lovely
Play terraria
Watching this video made me realize what me and my friends actually look like while playing minecraft xD
I just watched the twitch ver. of this vid....It is so funny!!!
Two words: Crazycraft Modpack. Have fun.
early xd
4:06 is litterally me shouting at my Friends when playing minecraft…. i feel ya there cath...
I dont like Minecraft but I like you Guys!I will look the Video anyway??(Sorry for my bad English I'm from Germany).
if you guys still plan do make another minecraft video, i recommend a mod called electroblob's wizardy, i think it would be fun seeing you guys exploring it
dies u ok hon?, *next falls and dies again*u ok hon? Ur dead now but u ok hon? ??
Love you dads( and mom)
Please more, fuck its sooo funny. Btw enjoy y'all videos, sooo entertaining
Drops in announced "Housekeeping!"
The whole WorstPremadeEver crew be like Subscriber: Hey, how you doin Whole WPE crew: Well I'm doin just fine I lied I'm dying inside
Last time I was this early..... I've actually never been this early
QAUCK!!
Stopped learning for this. Your Videos are Gold man
Not y'all too! Doo doo doodoo doodoo
I pity cath ?? the cows invaded her house ??
Love ya streams man
Notification squad where are you at
I stopped everything I was doing to watch this. Y’all don’t understand how much I love you????
Hahaha quack ahahaha I love it quack ??
Nice edit jake??
those skins are the best!
Merch