I died laughing at the acting ????????
God, this was great. The FUGUUUU
This was fucking incredible!!
God I would pay to see them do this again
Ryan went full Overhaul on Gavin at the end
PLEASE DO MOREEEEE
If I'm being honest,,,, that wasn't that interesting. Clue isn't the best game to play in Minecraft
Still don’t understand how to play this game ????
How many times was the Library suggested before Michael realized that he had the book?
wait, the final item that clue has is a gun< so why are't they using a bow and arrow
Ryan the "I don't like to be touched" guy.
I accuse Gavin, in the Lounge, with the Swedish Fish
So i rewatched part 1 and 2 up to the point where michael realized he does have the Library clue and kept notes from each person, and no. Michael did not screw up the game for not knowing he had the library clue. Up until that point when he realized he has the clue he did not have the opportunity to having to show it
I remeber the achievement hunters in Minecraft
Play it again
Wow I actually had it right last episode. I’m typically arse at this game
I mean it was Obvious FISHHHHHHHHH AND Gavins Love For MOONBALLS
Well, they've done a lot of work on their base off-camera. It looks all neat and tidy now, rather than chaos, chaos and more chaos.
Gerki, is that you?
It's pretty much the same thing every turn, but their roleplaying was so entertaining hahaha.
I think there are times Gavin wasn't paying attention when people announced suggestions with clues that HE had so... he... cheated? Accidentally? And won? Kinda?
Ryan accidentally opening the answer chest really ruined this for me. Eliminating an accusation from him left options on the table that could've changed the ending. Thanks Ryan
Best game of Cludo I've ever seen! ??????
Every board game that's turned into a variant in minecraft last about 3x longer than the classic games, but I'm not complaining
Animated?
Still have no clue on how this game works.
omg this was so fun, I'd love to see yall play the real game!
Cluedo*
I still don't know the rules of clue
does Geoff voice a character in red dead 2, a bloke that works in one of the stations sounds exactly like him
the sound gavin made at 10:54 had me in stitches edit: as did the series of events at 12:42 edit again: just gavin in general
Gavin must of used the Teleporter from Spaceballs...
is anybody else still confused on how this game works?
Galacticraft looks weird.
So glad I finally understand how the game works, during the last 2 minutes of the letsplays
37:15 I FUCKING CALLED IT!!!
The role playing makes this game so much more fun to watch
Michael not knowing he had the item was amazing, Ryan disqualifying himself made me laugh, but Gavin's book made him the star.
this is a late comment but i could have sworn i saw someone in the last video have green dye.
Little do they know, it was Ryan with an undercooked fish
I like that no viewers know how to play, and Gavin just uses his normal boring British voice ;)
I still don’t know how to play Clue, but from what I have seen, it does not look like fun...
This is the kinda shit that got me really watchin these guys in the first place! Would love to see more like this!
Ryan: "I died by snacking." LOLOLOLOL There's a reason I've been relaxing on Fridays with this show for disturbingly close to seven years now.
I don’t even know what the fuck is going on but it’s funny ????
GG guys
WHAT HOW
14:35 completely underrated moment
When Michael suggested Geoff, I and hesitated over the murder weapon I'd hoped he was going to say "...with a HERRING!"
The accents are so irritating in this gameplay series and I love it haha
Was really hoping Ryan was the killer
It took me half the video to realize that Michael and Jeremy don't have on the Halloween texture pack, and i'm sad they never realized that either
YES! back to galacticraft whoooo!!!!
Bless this series
I have a question I really really hope gets answered on ahwu, if a fan (maybe meee) made a map for you guys would you guys play it? Like if it was another board game map or if it was a story map designed specifically for you guys.
Geoff your in the Red Dead 2 credits as "Geoff Lazer Ramsey"
why cant they just roll a die on their desk? i feel like they've handicapped themselves with the dispensers
I GUESSED IT but I was way off in part 1
Has anyone noticed how different Michael laughs now?
Twice win and in a row. He is already doing so much better than in achievecity
Buff ass llama
10:48 if you rember the symbols and clues everyone got the clue Gavin got was that black mask thing not the chicken so Gavin messed up
Michael went this entire game without realizing he didn't have the Halloween graphics on
I know itd be repetiti e but id love to see a clue lets roll
I really couldn't ever understand any of it at all. I get that they were trying to figure out who had what items, but how does that make sense with the final items? Were they trying to match the items of the players colour, the room, and the murder weapon? Made absolutely no sense at all
Gavin was so brain dead during this whole video, lol.
if achievement city worked he would have to expand his trophy room of victory
YALL STILL WATCHING MINECRAFT!!?!?! I HAVENT CHECKED IN SINCE 2017...CAN ANYONE FILL ME IN ON THE WINS AND INTERESTING SHIT?!??
I know grand strategy isn't really your shtick, but I wish you guys could give a shot at Stellaris once 2.2 and the Megacorp DLC comes out.
These guys were high when they made this shit LMAO come on hahahahahaha I love this fucking episode. And yes i know they weren't actually high, but fuck. Hilarious
What the hell is a tower of pimps?
I wonder why micoo didn't have the texture pack enabled
It's like Battlefield Jousting Ryan times 6 with added chaos (Lindsey) and stupid (Matt).
hey last year the nightmare just released closed beta
I want an I'm addicted to parmesan cheese t-shirt.
You guys got to play this again and if Gavin already look then didn't jack win really?
I still don't understand
I MADE IT INTO A LETS PLAY
I still don't understand what is going on here
As they close in on the killer, Gavin begins to worry the worst about himself. He takes a moment to take note in his journal. He writes, "I think they are onto me. I think I'm the killer. I don't remember doing a killing, but they ain't call me Gave Slittie for nowt. Ennit. Please give all my minecraftly posessions to someone I care about. Maybe Turney and my cats. Turney don't really like minecraft, though. Maybe just the cat. She likes to swat at the cursor." He looks over his note one last time, and continues to try and clear his name. XD
lmao michael just screaming NAYETH put me in a laughing fit
By far the stupidest game of Clue I have ever seen. But Gav the Slittie was enjoyable.
28:38 Lindsay for savage lmao
Ryan's hunger was full so I don't buy the steak excuse...
ngl that was a bit of a shit ending :(
Hardcore Tabletop Season 2: Clue, but an actual murder has been committed
Knock Knock Yes Uh,, thats not how you answer that-(Unintelligible) Erm, Who's There? XD
Now we finally know who murdered Dirk...
I like that Ryan said library in French ?? that was nice lol
And in the actual cluedo game, I am almost certain you have to get to the basement stairs to accuse. It means you can try slow people down by dragging them into distant rooms with accusations.
26:32
Jack accusing people of murdering with a hoe... which was in his goddamn hand the whole time. Cmon
Still don't get the game
If the weapon was a fish I would’ve been amazed. That would’ve been 2 fish murder videos in 2 days
Ya'll playing minecraft still? Nice
Their reactions to everything was great ??????
I still have no clue how to play ??
They should make Murder in Minecraft
I watched the entirety of both parts (and loosely kept track of who had what) but I still do not understand how anyone figured out who did it and with what (let alone the room). HOW DO YOU FIGURE THAT STUFF OUT IN CLUE? I'm serious. How do you figure it out? I assume that I'm either over- or under-thinking it all.
Getting caught up on it's always sunny. Kinda teared up at the end of the gang escapes episode. Lovin the season so far.
Lol I love how this devolved by half way through the first part. Funny af
J"acc..... Je sugere!
Didn't jeremy say in ahwu that this was supposed to be galactacraft?
Can we please get Minecraft Clue LPs like once a month. New themes, new maps, new locations, ideas, weapons, expand on the idea of Clue Matt Bragg because these couple of Let's Plays we're absolutely phenomenal
How does the killer win
I still don’t understand but this was so enjoyable I didn’t mind.
40:37 "Why didn't someone tell me my ass was so big!"
Still don't know why you guys just don't rename the items
Spoilers Of course gav slittie would slit with fugu
Are we just gonna ignore that some of them aren't using the texture pack
Id love to see them do this game again with pre-scripted characters and face cams, the dramatic characters really made the episode.
Where the fuck is the next Galacticraft episode jesus christ release it already !
I'm still kinda lost how the game works, can someone explain?
Why is Lindsey still there...what happen to "i have work to do". Damn she really needs the attention.
Who else goes and reads the comments in the same voice that they do in the video.
I love how everyone caught on who the killer was but Michael...
Oh my goodness, Ryan eliminating himself was so sad but so funny lol
Episode two of trying to figure out how the game works. 10 minutes in and I still don't know.
Matt built the pool table pockets wrong.
"This is how most games of clue go" Maybe if no one's played the game ever...
Shouldn't Jack have technically won? Gavin opened the chest before Jack accused
I absolutely have ZERO idea on wtf is going on, like what the hell is this.
I was so enthralled by Gavin's open letter.
After two episodes I kinda still don't know how to play this
Kinda sucks that they separated these by a week. Had somewhat of an idea of what weapon was used or who it might be but a week later I’ve lost all recollection of the clues we saw in the first video. And not gonna rewatch an entire 40 minute video to refresh my memory.
I hate that they quit half way through
26:32 "MICHAEL SHOW HIM THE THING" EXCELLENT COMEDIC TIMING LIL J, I DIED
I'm about to look like such a fucking loser but here it goes, if Achievement Hunter had a class trial this is what who would be who. Geoff-Kaito: Claims to be the leader and will try to take charge in order to find the murderer but will often let other solve it for him and claim it was because of his good leadership skills. Jack-Gonta: Carries a lot of good qualities to succeed but is too good natured to really take it into effect when solving the mystery. Ryan-Rantaro: Shady motherfucker, he seems to have the feel of a murderer, mastermind, and victim all in one. Whether or not he's good or bad is up to anyone's guess. Jeremy-Ryoma: Short, somewhat deceiving appearance, but when motivated can be a truly dangerous force. Michael-Shuuichi: Emphatic yet pragmatic, will try to find a balance in order to reach the truth. Somewhat naive and unsure of himself and his abilities to perform well. Gavin-Kokichi: Manipulative Troll, will do everything in his power to ensure he's entertained and not bored. The person nobody likes but has to put up with due to just how crafty of a bastard he can be and to not want to be on his bad side.
we learned the negative effects of teleportation from space balls and yet they still do it
Michael ruins everything.
I still don't understand how this game works.
Ryan your food was full. You couldn't eat the steak even if you wanted to
i was with micheal the whole time lmao it was only till the end i understood how this game works
These videos suck ass.
I finally understand how Clue works now.
77k views in 7 hours? Ouch.
Can we get 1.14 appreciation?
I have no fucking idea why it was Gavin.
I was tracking who had shown what to whom without looking in inventories. I had the Ballroom marked as most probable from last episode because of how often it got called in the early game without a rebuttal. That wasn't definite, but I would have guessed it first.
Wait so what did Michael do
Okay, I just had like Nam flashbacks the way Michael said "Oof" around 5:36 because of you remember old minecraft that's the noise your character would make if he got hurt
of course it's Gavin who wins by default lol
Tis a pity this was filmed before the Hitman 2 livestream, so much fishing
I just realized they could have named all of the items to make this whole thing so much easier.......
Ryan was f word and he tried to eat a steak but he open the chest 32:22
Gotta love gavin
“they ain’t call me Gav Slittie for nowt. Ennit.” Never change, Gavin.
called it in the last video
I need a "SLITTIE GON SLIT" t-shirt
where is galactacraft
So why do Matt and Lindsay have a different texture pack on to everyone else? Is everyone supposed to have it or are they not supposed to have it? Or does it just not matter at all?
How long has it been since Gavin won the tower?
14:35 I was born
Ryan died as he lived: Snacking.
Whenever they play board games in Minecraft like this they should play them in real life first so everyone understands the rules and objectives??
40:35 inset spaceballs reference here
3:30 Gavin suggests Gavin-Noose-Library. Michael says he cannot disprove it. Michael has the book for the library in his hotbar as he says it. Michael is stupid.
So once again Gavin proves he can only win by luck. Good game but disappointing ending. To paraphrase a Michael quote "You gave the win to Gavin you morons." Had Ryan not fuck up and Michel not been an idiot and choose Jeremy Jack would have won because at the end it was down to 3 rooms. Ryan never picked one because of the steak incident and Michael threw his option out by accusing Jeremy when the murderer had already been identify and the weapon that was used. So Ryan and Michael gave Gavin a free win.
Wow Clue game is every bit as boring as I thought it was. Still wonder is what would have happened if Ryan didnt screw up and looked in the chest.
falls out of a spiderweb eugh.. I was born..
I thought I understood this in the first part, now I am 100% certain I have no idea what is going on.
Why haven't you guys played RDR 2 yet? Been wanting you guys to interact with the NPCs voiced by Geoff and Jack.
all cool but where is my moon adveture
14:34 “...I was born”
The AH Animated for this and the first part will definitely have monocles.
Gavin's little diary entry was so cute!
Anyone know what's going on with thier ark let's play and if they are going to play ark:extinction?
Matt should've made the Kitchen symbol uncooked chicken to avoid confusion
Remember when ahwu said it was gonna be galacticraft
By never playing clue I was so confused lol but I loved the overacting and gab writing his will. I hope they make another video in this since micoo and gav know how to play now!! P.S loved Gavin winning
yay gavin won!
Happy Halloween erryone
I guess we all knew who the killer was, it was quite obvious.
Ryan: the steaks are high
Ryan you are just not funny
Whoops, maybe should have used a bookshelf to represent the Library.
Michael back at it again getting drunk and ruining videos
Ryan: Great beasties! What's happened to his head? Jeremy: It's on Backwards! Gavin: Why didn't somebody tell me my ass was so big?
Think I understood the game at the same time as Michael.
Big Oof.
I teleported home last night with Ron and Sid and Meg Ron stole Meggy's heart away and I got Sidney's leg.
Aww! Jack should have known when he made a suggestion that no one had the clue to. I knew what room when no one could show him the room. Aww man! Good game. It was fun to watch. :3
God damn these guys are so fucking dumb
Gavin wins and gets hin in the fucking face, I love it.
Most confused let's plays
I find it hard to believe Ryan was trying to eat when he had full hunger
Honestly these Clue episodes, starting about halfway through the first part when they really started getting into it, have been some of my favorite episodes in a while
Wait so.. if Gavin accidentally opened the chest then Jack should’ve won cuz Gavin would’ve been out ????
"They don't call me Gav Slittie for nowt. Ennit." So British lol
Man, they're really busting on Jack Hughes this episode.
I'm writing this comment to push the spoilers down
23:23 Michel is funny
Honestly 38:00 Till the end of that sequence of events, had me gasping for air from laughter.
100% do again
Also I just realized they don't all have the same textrue pack Did t rreallize that was possible
Gavin never gets to suggest anyone because he keeps getting pulled to other rooms and they won't let him make suggestions in those rooms. That's wrong the rules say he can. You can make suggestions in rooms you're pulled to otherwise people could completely shut you down.
The flaw in the game tho is that that Gavin is getting teleported around and can't make suggestions in the room so of best trying to get to a specific room he fucked isn't he
Great video, I think Matt kinda screwed this up by giving everyone cooked fished, when that's a room
Huh it's funny how I only realize how Cluedo is played right after finishing this part. What really made it entertaining was everyone gasping, yelling and over-dramatizing every suggestion and accusation to the end.
I dunno whats going on in this after 2 parts still but its devolved into silly voices and I like it.
oh man I was really excited about a new galacticraft
Round 2???????????
Their over acting is so good. Made funnier by the fact that last episode at the beginning they weren't doing it and then Jeremy started to do the voice and everyone jumped on the wagon. Can't wait to see if there's an AH Animated about these two Clue episodes.
I have such a clue right now
Fucking Michael made this game take so much longer because he's a retard.
Spent the better part of two episodes wondering whether they would realize that they all aren't using the texture pack. Was disappointed.
“Guys, I think I’m addicted to Parmesan cheese...” okay, ME.
This was a really cool af minecraft game. They should make this a real mode somehow ?? or give it as a preset map creation. This is something gamers could play on party night
Micheal had the book
Ohh it appears to be aaaa torture chamber. Matt- "you can feed the zombies too if you want to" #TooFunny ??
But... Gavin admitted to cheating. He's a cheaty peek, just like Ryan. Jack won.
Isn't this the first victory by default, because that's just great if that's the case
I still have no idea how this game works.
I feel like Gavin is really bored at this game.
14:37 Gavin was born breathing fire! Gavin is a dragon! (0o0)
his trophy room continues to grow
And Number 1 on the list of Top 10 Anime Betrayals is, of course, Ryan’s Stomach!
I have no idea how to play Clue but I'm excited to see how this turns out
Michael coming ro the realization that he's the least competent Achievement Hunter is the sweetest music my ears have ever heard.
Watching this episode made me think of the secret tunnel song from avatar and if you read this you will too SECRET!!!!!TUNNEL!!!! SECRET TUNNEL
Shout out amazing build.
lindsay the camera people aren't allowed to talk or laugh
They must of all died on the moon. seems like no more Galactacraft
2 weeks of no galacticraft?!?! Are you crazy?
I thought this episode I would watch carefully since (I basically just put on part 1 and played AC odyssey) Thought I would keep notes and play along Then I realized it’s really easy when you can see their inventory....
Babyrage Yes, hello youtube? Babyrage this late halloween special minecraft episode Babyrage is interrupting my Galactacraft marathon Babyrage
35 minutes in multiple accusations made and I still have no idea how you're supposed to know who the murderer is.
LOOOOOOOOL cheating ass ryan opening the chest
"For nowt. Ennit." - Who else do you think, 2018 XD
26:32 Best exclamation in Clue
Man just go to the moon already and stop with the fillers..
I wish this one hadn't been split up into two parts. Would have been a long video, but that week long break in between was long enough for me to get bored and figure out who did it. Kind of ruined the ending of this one somewhat.
SPOILER wow another tower of pimps win for gavin!! weird.
Michael is me in every clue game ever
next week aquatic update video?
28:10 Jeremy decided he didn't want to become the second murderer.
Glad to hear good ol ryan from creeper soccer x xD
So, I say we all just, uh, kill Matt, yeah?
Gavin in the ballroom with the undercooked fish and he gets away with it. There, I saved you forty minutes of their horrendous accents.
Clue would make much more sense if it was like... the Murderer called the crime ahead of time, and gave out the clues, in a saw-madhouse kind of fashion, and instead you were searching for the victim. It would explain the whole... being the murderer the whole time, thing.
how many ppl know there is a master clue? i have it and its amazing, its bigger more
Does Ryan like Rick&Morty? I could see him doing the whole"Don't touch me" thing either way
Now we can get back to our regularly scheduled Galacticcraft
Anyone else feel it was blatantly obvious who would be the killer. Not that it takes away the actual game
Please make a red dead redemption 2 let's watch.
In which everyone is an idiot.
Gavin writing his will gave me life.
One of the best minecraft... Great job Matt..
I still have no idea how this game works.
29:56 Ryan the flub guy.
I WANNA GO TO SPACE!!!!!!
I accuse agent 47 in the ballroom with a fish!
14:34 The birth of Gav Slittie
When you don't know how to play so you pretty much copy what Jeremy suggested
32:26 I love that everybody crowds around Ryan in-game as well as yelling at him.
I wish one of them would have made a suggestion using all of the items they themselves held and the watched the madness ensue when none of the other players could disprove there suggestion.
Ryan "Ice Breaker" Haywood
The most undeserved Win ever lol
New shirt idea: a pot of green dye, a fish, and a snowball.
Every game of clue I’ve ever played has finished with the first accusation being correct
The first part was way better
I got that they were bored (as was i tbh) but that is not how you play Clue
This crap again >_>
@LetsPlay how often do you guys film while stoned. Who is the big stoner in LetsPlay?
I have a minecraft let's play idea Make all different colored ballons
I haven't seen that glitch in teleporters since Spaceballs!!
when is ark coming back?
I love that Gavin didn't win because he played the game or because he was smart... he won because everyone else lost
Based on the Hitman 2 stream my accusation would've been Ryan with the undercooked fish in the middle of street.
Why do they feel the need to ruin their videos with their terrible accents?
I still don't understand how to win Ok, it makes sense now, they just only went to like 3 rooms
This weird thing happened. Occasionally, my headphone wire gets pulled on while it's plugged in, and now occasionally audio cuts out. But the weirder part is that videos buffer and sometimes even go into a strange fast-motion mode...
After watching the hitman live stream, it is obviously Ryan with a fish in Columbia
Low-key was hoping Gavin would yell "Why didn't somebody tell me my ass was so big?!" when his head was on backwards
Unpopular opinion, prefer this over galactacraft.
Dammit I forgot my own accusation from the first episode...
Loved this love CLUE. Tho they should have named all the items as the confused everyone. Also outside pen and paper really do help.
They said in AHWU that it was supposed to be a Space Play
Ryan straight up Rick Sanchezed Gavin!
Gavin became Spaceballs’ President Scroob after the teleportation.
Watched a How to Play Clue video to try understand what was going on I still have no Clue....
Ryan stroking out (again) at 29:57 was pretty great
Best thing to do: If you start with a person, room, and weapon, try to use that combo as soon as possible and freak out the other players with your clairvoyance
I love this melodrama acting they’re doing. It seems like they’re really having fun.
ARE YOU READY NOW GAVIN FREE!!!
GALACTACRAFT!!!!!! Why you no here?!?!?!?
Michael: I will make an accusation! Me: Sees how long is left in the video Me: Yeah that's not gonna go well
I have no fucking idea what the fuck was happening or how to play Clue but this was great
It’s so hard to tell if Jack is drunk or is really committed to the bit this video.
Ryan died by eating steak... that’s how I want to go out
Risk in minecraft with mobs as the armies?
it pains me that matt didn't name the items after the things the represented. like the noose is just called "lead" etc
Honestly, this one was one of the more harder let's plays to sit through and not shake your head and groan in annoyance by the lack of competence. - Michael being the dumb shit and not understanding the game properly ruins a lot. - Them constantly mixing up accusations and suggestions got really annoying. - Their failure to listen when the suggestors are listing off the items is also very annoying, as is when they constantly forget the items of the room they're fucking walking into. - Too many accidental wrongdoings because they can't control themselves. i.e. Ryan opening the chest and disqualifying himself because he was hungry. Seriously though I love you guys, but would it kill you to do a Let's Play where you adhere to the rules and not act like a bunch of hyper children or idiots. Feel bad for Matt for all the time he puts into these builds only to have them just disregard everything.
The overdramatic acting is the best part of this.
The fact this place didn't burn down was a miracle in itself
Geoff blatantly cheats or miscounts and for some reason I'm triggered by that. Noticed it in the first one as well.
I have such a big clue right now
Their reactions really turned a boring game into something way much funnier.
This was funny as shit! The ending was so good, I hope they build more boardgames in Minecraft.
The only way for Gavin to win is by default.
3:31 Michael you have the Library book!!!
"Buff ass llama" That is all.
They do not have a CLUE how to play this! XD
Gavin at 40:35... "Why didn't somebody tell me my ass was so big?"
I love how in Ryan’s explanation to how he opened the chest to eat steak, he had a full food bar
Unless Haunter is on YouTube then I cannot watch it. Sorry ?????
Just realized Jeremy doesn’t have the Halloween pack activated. Everything looks vanilla on his footage
I like that they are role playing in this one. It really ups the comedic value.
I've only watched both parts, Because I have nothing better to do with my time away from work.
Gav Slittie.
Galacticcraft next week?
Only realized at the end of the episode that Michael wasn't using the texture pack.
This is a good series! A break from the modded minecraft
I've waited 2 weeks for the next galacticraft. What in the actual f is going on here. This is getting to be ridicules
The last 10 minutes was some of the funniest bit of Minecraft there has been for a while.
Geoff is awesome
29:58 Lauunge
Poor Ryan... Edgar’s fallen brethren finally claim their vengeance...
nice new Galacticraft. Kidding this is better than galacticraft
WHERE IS GALACTACRAFT
I low key want monopoly again but the original XD
Extra Life is Tomorrow so be prepared everyone.
You know, I really wished Gavin said, “And I would’ve gotten away with it too, if it weren’t for you meddling wankers.” But it’s ok
In the End the murderer was Ryan with the Typed commands in the Hallway
NONONO SUGGESTION SUGGESTION ?????? damnit jack
Even when he wins he gets his Diary read... Poor gavin
havent enjoyed a minecraft letsplay in a long time. might have to do with most of the og cast. but i am loving this
I would love to see a let's roll in good ole traditional clue
Sorry guys but im just not really feeling this for minecraft. I like it and its a little funny but its just to slow and repetitive for me.
Ah yes, Clue, also known as Gavin Learns Admin Commands
nooo gavin that was the Eating chicken not the Clue chicken.
Ryan: Guys I think I'm addicted to Parmesan cheese... Me: Isn't everybody?
Gavin writing his will is adorable. The cat shall have the Gay mansion
If you think I'm gonna watch part 1 to see if Michael's opps comes up, you'd be darn tootin right.
As someone who’s never played Clue before, this is fairly confusing and fairly entertaining
Don’t get me wrong, this clue let’s play is good, but I crave galacticraft.
Still not sure how clue works
I dunno why y'all moaning, i prefer this to galactacraft personally. But galactacraft isn't dead because they've taken a break
Not waited so anxiously for a mine craft lets play since a week ago
I can wait another week for Galacticraft for this if this ends up being as funny as it was last week, lol!
This channel is amazing I'm so glad I discovered achievement Hunter in 2011 been a fan ever since
I think they are onto me. I think I'm the killer. I don't remember doing a killing, but they ain't call me Gav Slittie for nowt. Ennit. Please give all my minecraftly possesions to someone I care about. Maybe turney and my cats. Turney don't really like minecraft, though. Maybe just the cat. She likes to swat at the cursor. But hey, maybe I didn't do the killing with the fugu. But also... SLITTIE GON SLIT, sincerely, Gavin the killer.
Wow. Never expected that Matt was the killer. That’s crazy
Man, as much as these guys build and play board games in Minecraft, they should just do videos where they play actual games in real life for content.
RIP galactacraft
#needGalactiCraftEpisode12
I just happened to refresh my subscription feed in case something showed up and wow I got it at just the right time
Ryan is the killer
The killer was Jeremy's Popplio all along
There series is amazing
Wish I could watch Achivement Haunter but I allready used that 30 day free trial... Fuck being poor ;-;
This is all just limbo, after crashing on the moon, the gang died. Only one can come back... only one can win.
Before the video ends I am going to guess Ryan is the killer. Even if I get it wrong he is still guilty of murdering something else.
9/10. Needs more Tim Curry.
Please try something like Crazy Craft once gilactacraft is done
to those who said they werent doing these in a row and said i was wrong go fuck yourself i was right cunts
10th
9th comment 30th like
Yes Clue part 2 Thumbs up!!
love this channel??
Ah
the age of spooks are over now its age of the no nuting festival
Fifth!!! Came from morder of bird livestream Go RWBY!!
This is the weirdest galactacraft ever!
6th!!!! woot
1
Ohhh yeaaaa