Beautiful.
LE EPIC
You can buy premade ones on amazon https://www.amazon.com/LaBrinx-Designs-Remote-Control-Portal/dp/B074NDLSSV/ref=sr_1_2?ie=UTF8&qid=1540455389&sr=8-2&keywords=portal+mirrors
Get a companion cube prop and cut it in half, glue each half to each side. Boom.
Looks so amazing ????
I WANT THIS, but im not rich, BUT I WANT THIS
I'm totally doing this! That was so cool!!!
Cool!
Awesome love from india
I love it. LED deck lights check here:https://www.amazon.com/dp/B07DL8QPQL
I love it
Really dope video and easy guide to create this look; what camera do you use?
Oh my gosh that is SOOOO TRIPPY!!!
????????????
But can i portal to orgrimmar ?
hey Matt Schaefer i noticed something how would LED LIGHTS look under Glass
you can also get some wild 3D picture effects if you know how to etch glass. etch part of a picture on front of regular mirror which is at the rear of the frame and on the inside of the two way mirror that is in front and on the front of the two way mirror and you will not believe the 3D effects it gives the picture unbelievable depth. Be safe
Dude check out infinity mirrors were you pair a two way mirror with a regular one and you put led lights in the frame between them so you get a similar effect in a more compact space Be safe.
1:43 when you realized the cake is a lie
marry me??
would it be possible to do this with screens instead of mirrors, and raspberry pi with cameras, so that the "portals" actually show from behind you, like in the game? (yes, the cameras and screens would need to be 4k or something for the proper effect...)
Thank u sir..i will definitely gonna try it????
it costs around 150 dollars any way you do it retard
Price really ain't that bad if you get small cheaper mirrors
Thats so sick
me at 3:30 : Pfft, those mirrors look so out of place and awful, there's no way it- LEDs turn on I spoKE TOO SOON I SPOKE TOO SOON
aekdb
very nice
That looks awesome and cool bravo to that both portal game mirror ideas
LOOKS LIKE REAL PORTALS WOW SO COOL
"So good" ??
Really annoying that if you look through them you see the pattern of orange blue orange blue, because in game you'd onl see one colour at a time because the other colour would be opposite.
COOL DUDE - BEST WISHES TO YOU
This would be great is I wasn't a broke high school student... Plus this build is more expensive then the actual, so it kinda ruins the DIY effect for me.. Buuuuuuuuut, it looks absolutely amazing, and you did a fantastic job!
Now that’s cool
Looks so real
I love it
OMG I want to do this ^_^
I'd fuck this builder boy
A-B
Wow
_ _
Probably coulda got cheaper mirrors somewhere else.
T H E P O R T A L G A M E
but you didn't even level the mounts
Ooh backlit mirrors. /s
They're not actually Portal Mirrors...read thay carefully
#portal
Where'd you get that hourglass on your desk?
That’s rockin
Your small speaker holders look cool, could you let us know where you got it
How to make your house more accessible to the unknown. Install portal mirrors perfectly symmetrical of eachother.
My dad had LED's like this!
(^?^)
$300.00 could also have bought a Masterbuilt Bluetooth Smoker; but this is probably better for your waistline...
i just realized, only vampires would feel the complete experience of the portal, no obstructions
What about building this and mixing it with the smart mirror concept. except use an HD camera and have the monitor behind the mirror show the HD cam feed in a different part in the house.
Actually it would be cheaper if you'd live in finland ( ?° ?? ?°)
i paid 5 dollars dorllars each glass so ya its cheaper
Super dope ????
DAISY!!!
but that sunset though!
lol..some damn expensive mirrors..! where I live, I can get'em for 8 bucks each
Yaaaaasssss!!!
Great! Now you can invest $3 for a couple of rgb extension cables and hide those ugly ir controllers.
Did you sub bot your channel cause damn.... 93k views and 518k subs...
6:17 2 knives from CSGO (Karambit-Bayonet)
I was just playing portal!!
hey i have that desk
Nice. First time I've seen an infinity mirror done that way. Although those mirrors seem a little pricey. loses usually has some cheap mirrors around $25.
No joke i'm gonna do this.
I will definitely take a huge mirror
Wow!
You almost sounded like Wheatley after a completed test when you saw the results
OMG this is freaking awesome!! You dude are my crush, you´r a genius
seen this done for a lot cheaper like around 100$ by using wood ovals and using a product called mirror in a can. check it out anyone thinking of doing this MUCH CHEAPER same effect
oh oh oh... There is no red portal, there is an orange portal :/ but good job anyway
The mounts came with the mirrors or did you but them separately?
portal 3
Its so clean, things up on this. Now I want to do this.
This is such a creative idea!!
You should flip the shotgun mic around when you are talking from behind the camera so your voice isn't muffled.
can someone just link me the online ones just going buy them but nice video dude!
Striped shirt on camera is trippy
Amazing DIY! Even though I'm glad that the 3rd mirror arrived in 1 piece, I was sort of anticipating/hoping for it to be broken... just to have a quick facepalm chuckle.
Wheres the cake
This is not DIY if it costs that much to make. DIY is supposed to be cheap.
woah 7:00 is trippy asfffffffff
Holy shit dude that's amazing, definitely doing it for my new room.
Bro what type of knife is that that's freaking awesome!!
the concepts for these are cool but real portal when looking in it you would see you back not your font, but portals dont exist yet so yeah still cool though, and can you touch you self in a portal by putting you leg out and trying to touch it with your hand?
i would only build it myself . if i saving money . lol . but cool anyway
( ?° ?? ?°) Heck yeahhhhhh
if i had this idea first i'd have a camera and oval displays so that way they'd transmit to the other display, making you be able to see yourself from behind, like a real portal mirror would
So Cool!
GLaDOS would be proud.
Damn ????
I sub because of this vid
Very nice...
wow, looks like you can jump right through xD
Cake anybody?
What song is that at 3:42? sounds great
SCHWEET.
New idea Have a screen the same shape of the mirrors and have a camera on top of each of them so the camera on the orange screen will project the image on the blue screen and vice versa so it will give it a more realistic effect
This deserves more views...
This is so sick!
Awesome work m8 , i think i gonna copy this :P . Greetings from Germany ;)
do more!!!!!!!!!
Dude that’s the coolest shit I’ve ever seen
VERY COOL!
this is freakin awesome!
Keep this type of content! ????
What is the name of the intro music? I've heard it everywhere and I'm desperate to hear more
This channels dead imo. To me and my friends at least, his personality is just bland, and seems forced. There isnt much originality and he hasnt founs a series that he wants to keep going concistantly. I am not saying he cant get better, but at this point he's annoying me. Plus hes always late to the hype train when it comes to tech.
This looked amazing and I'm definitely gonna try it. The only question is how to possibly make it cheaper, in the classic spirit of DIY...
how did he do the intro design
good????
This is the first video I've watched in months, I'm so glad I came back!
PLEASE MAKE MORE LIKE THIS, THIS IS EPIC! (Please excuse the caps, but it’s true)
I get Walter jr vibes from you ;)
Could you please do a reveiw of the Redragon usas mechanical keyboard?
dope af
Dang that's so cool
Amazing
nice Bowie Gamma Doppler
What LED Strip did you use? The link just searches Boomile on amazon but no LED Strips show up in there.
What's the first background song he uses for the first time lapse? :)
Waste of money
Some damn expensive mirrors xD Where I live I can get 'em for like 40 bucks each
Bootyfull
Well done. You are now in possession of the Amazon Science Handheld Mirror Device. With it, you can order your own mirrors. These multi-lightwave reflectors have been proven to be completely safe. The box however, has not. Do not thrown the box against a wall. Do not hold the box over your head. Do not submerge the box in liquid, even partially. Most importantly, under no circumstances should you sh4ud#fs1do)ifhoo*oo..
K. Now do this with them: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-5qptMYOMCg
Looks sick!
DAMN, best video of the week!
It annoys me that the mirror isnt perfectly in the middle of the two speakers
I’m actually going to try this
Sick ??
Today is my birthday, can i get like on comment
Now your thinking with portals
It would be cool to see a diy smart mirror
Would make it, but i don't have two parrallel walls ! ??
This is sick, love this. You should do more DIY videos! I'm really enjoying these
Aaaaand now I have to include portal mirrors in my room.
its great
MS Tech I love your video. It truely inspires me. Please reply me
Fun video to watch :)
AESTHETIC
goed
Oh my god this is genious
just realized you're called MS tech instead of ms. tech i'm so stupid
This is amazing!!!!!! ????????
Phenomenal
real nice
I came here for the real ones :(
thats dope.
And now take the Remote and make it into a portal gun.
You look so happy 5:25
Pretty sweet man make me one and I’ll pay you for it
This looks so cool, good job man
THAT LOOKS INSANE!!!
It looks so cool
Really nice actually
Now time to jump into the portal to see what happens
Dope :o
Great video man! Loved it :D
dope af
I Didn't Know Mirrors Were So Expensive. ;-;
Legitimately awesome ??
not as sick as dbs episodes 109+110
I am definitely getting this for my room ??
That looks..... AMAZING!!!
If you would have taken the time to straighten up and organize your studio this would have been impressive. Peace, John in Idaho :)
Absolutely amazing. I'm finding tons of inspiration for my dorm from you.
Love your video's keep up the good work
That is fuken littt, I think I might do something like that when I get my own apartment lol
It actually looks so dope
Looks amazing! Nice job! Also congrats on 500k subs, you deserve it!
"You can see the orange glow from that mirror in this mirror..." Gee thanks for telling us how mirrors work..... Woulda been lost without you...
Dope
I figured that he wasn't smart enough to figure out teleportation
I’m loving your videos lately. Keep up the good work! Stay classy ( ?°?????° )
The project style videos are great :) pretty sure we all love them
Still don't get why it was that damned expensive
Sweg...I spit all over myself...
can you link me the cable management clips
TECH SAVAGES WHERE YOU AT?!?
man this is so dope!! daaaamn
I’ve seen butter
This is.. This is amazing
God damm, even the mirror effect makes it look like it's a real portal
Holy heck that is cool
Dang it worked out really well!!!
This looks awesome! Might try it!
Not something I’m into personally but good video non the less
This concept is awesome, but I’d love to see you build a magic smart mirror. Not the crappy ones with tablets, but a cool high end one with voice control etc.
You probably could have got mirrors for a much cheaper price. Just saying.
But when you look in the mirror you see your face not like it is in portal
Get some heat shrink tubing and customize the power cord length.
what if we had to oval shaped monitors and had a life feed from one to the other. make it a true portal.
Film your family's reaction to seeing this plz
Cool
I love this! It’s a great idea!
This is so cool.
that actually looks so dope
That's awesome. Nice job.
Portal 2 is my favorite game everr so obviously I loved it, if i had a little more space in my room I would make this for sure. Great video!
Wow!! This is really awesome! You should do more vids like this one!!! I'm from Brazil, and I think your videos are really great!!
I want to make this
If only it was like proper portals (I know that’s impossible without cameras and shiz nizz) lime you look throug one and see your back, as that’s what the other portal would see.
I LOVE this concept! I think I'll do this myself! [goes to go build some portal mirrors] Wait.... [realization intensifies] I almost forgot! I'm DIRT POOR!!
Dude, listen... NO ONE FUCKING CARES IF YOU FIRST!!
Your videos are a perfect example of what you can do when you think you can do it keep up the great vids thank you
Ostehøvel?
Skirt
Hey nice vid
First
First one
Plz pin me and like
First?
This is lit
FIRST
Do you only upload once a week now
yoink
Ily