Here is the wireless charging pad I used: https://amzn.to/2K1ZdJU It has a longer range than most others I looked at.
he should be a narrator his voice just gives me that vibe
who gives this video a "Thumbs down"? Thanks so much for the awesome video!
I am really impressed with the tool , and fixtures you have for each and every job...from cutting, welding to holding and measuring... Lots of money invested ??
Sanki uzaya uydu yolladin amk
That was the coolest thing i have seen in forever!
Step 1: Go Portable Congratulations on your new desk!
this desk came out way better then i thought it "wood" XD
It takes a life time to master something but seconds to mess it up
Next build a desk with a hidden GUI that turns on when you open your house door and shows details like the weather, like the one way mirror effect that the GUI can go through but nothing else can be seen
Love the table top, that walnut wood is amazing.
Beautiful!!
I am not a welder but I welded at work and asked a pro if he had any tips for a greenhorn he said he moves the tip in small round loops moving from right to left it keeps the flow smooth and even
you had ~120k subs during that video, now 312k subs. Must be doing something right!
You should have tried putting a thin piece of a metal sheet the same length and width as the table surface and see if would allow the phone to charge anywhere on the table since metal is a good conductor then maybe the surface area or the wireless charger might extend.
Great video one tip to prevent tear out with circular saw use a Stanley knife to cut the wood along the length of the cut first
Same phone
that is super cool!
Well done!!!!
I don't understand a single thing he said but Woah
You should make your own company man??
awesome! well done
Get the end of the square tubes cut at 45° angles and weld them together, looks MUCH cleaner in the end
The charger idea is awesome! nice work
Wow man you nice tools they all brand new
Beautiful work, I've subscribed - been looking into building my own desk before. So this has given me some inspiration.
just amazing!!
SO I can put a wireless charger under almost any table and I get the same thing ??????
Great Job. Congrats
By 1:50 I was already amazed. I've never seen how boards are "made" before. Thanks!
amazing content. thank you
Awesome..... Love this video.
3:46 Epilepsy Warning.
This is my first time visiting your channel! And now I'm a subscriber!
Nice now I’m sub:)
very nice video man! It might be fun to make this for my garage :D
Awesome!
This video was recommended to me and I had to watch the process... immediately subscribed as soon as it ended. Solid finished setup! I have to say I am a bit jealous of your table.
Super amazing!! ???? Great work
Thanks !
can i put a hole in my ikea desk and do this
I would've put my channel logo instead of the bow tie to give it more of a custom feel
Amazing idea great work ??
Yes
A tip on welding the joints (if I'm suggesting bad advice, welder folks, call me on it). If you're just getting the hang of welding, don't use a constant feed of wire. Pulse it. Feed enough wire to create the pool diameter you want without melting through the metal, release the trigger long enough to shift your aim to the edge of your pool (at the 6'oclock position, or wherever your weld seam is going), and repeat. Weld, stop, shift, weld, stop, shift, weld, stop, shift. You'll get a consistent pattern that you won't have to grind away because of the ugly.
Good idea but you need some carpentry 101. Worst joint for a top is glue only. It will not last and will warp cuz u didn’t seal the wood underneath. Have no idea why u wouldn’t use kregg pocket hole screws since u have their rip cut. You also used wood floor poly and applied it with the worst and cheapest .50 cent sponge brush u can buy. this causes bubbles and air pockets and does not get into the wood. It smears it on the top. You also never put it on raw wood without at least a wood conditioner first. U never use those. Lambs wool applicator only for oil based. So many other rookie mistakes from tools to wood prep. And FYI, that’s a Ridgid laminate router. That why it doesn’t plunge.
Dope awesomely done ...
only welding tip i can give is to take a rotary tool and smooth out the beads for a solid and smooth flow of the material and then, of course, paint the frame. other than that this is absolutely amazing!
The 1K dislikes are iPhone users
Man that desk turned out really nice.
How much for the desk?
What router bit u used?
Quick question, how do you like the Rigid thicknesser?
Watch this, and i hope i can built it !! Great job man !
so you say that normal wood glue is enough to hold such heave wood together ?
First time on your channel, loved this video and desk!! Definitely going on my to do list.
Hey that’s awesome build me one lol I need a desk for my computer and keyboard
Lush. +1sub :)
earned a new subscriber!
awesome table top and love the charger idea but it needs some wooden legs or sides with a set of drawers, the metal frame just makes it a little too sterile for a home but fine for an office
?? ??
What was your total cost, figuring labor and everything?
Great work brother. I loved the, oh and dont weld your clamps to your work! Lol, priceless....
This thing is hot.
Can I just buy yours :p
I need a good desk.
awsome tutorisl and build
or just use a dock
very pretty desk! nice work
Nice :/
You are so nice and so awesome dude
This is absolutely stunning!!! Awesome job, awesome finish, awesome look. ??????
I bet this guy likes to make stuff.
this is too awesome! Thank you!
First time seeing your channel and I really liked your progression through this job. I wish I could do this myself, love DIY
Does everyone got those tools to make it ? Or shouldn't be the title written as '' How I '' instead of ''how to'' ?
d00000d you are nerdcore! awesome
Very entertaining and informative. When you tested the phone charger and it worked I hit that subscribe button so fast lol.
man it was funny when u said let me know if im doing something wrong, man u r pro ! u should open ur own company ! im the first customer !
Perfect desk. Then he covered it in plastic? Plastic? omg. :D
If you make another one put some kind of circular inlay where the charger is.
beautifully entertaining and the workshop is sick!!! I subscribed!
NEARLY 300K SUBS
You have a awesome steampunk mask! Very noice ??
Well there's something I'm never going to be able to do. Very cool though!
id love to have a custom desk but I suck at/ don't have the tools for this kinda stuff :/
Why not set in brackets for the wire and charge pad or a sliding board cover to hide it incase it malfunctions? Easier to take out instead of trying to rip it out
This desk looks really good. I'd love a L-shaped one
nice vdo I like it
This can be used for new innovations. They can have it implemented in coffee shops, pantrys, restaurants etc.
a true diy build taken to the next level . great job !!
I had no idea what you was doing or what you was talking about but this was very entertaining and now I’m wanna learn more and start building stuff. So much knowledge man! So impressed!
This is by far the best channel of all. amazing video thank you
It was awesome idea
Make sure to hold the compound miter saw blade down after a cut to avoid kickback
Make more, and sell them please. I would seriously buy one.
Bit of a broad question, but as someone with no experience or power tools at all, does anyone know some easier first builds or things I can try and just build? Or maybe some previous videos that would help, this guy seems very clear and direct (yes I’m new here haha)
Ask about your spray paint where can i buy it ... ?
Hey! I’m bored let me spend a few days to charge my phone! Or I can just put it in the charger ??
Dude that desk is gorgeous :o
How many others here are jealous of this guy? Great work sir. Love your shop.
6:21 - Great trick for those of us that don't (yet) have a plunge router!
Heck thats a gorgeous desk
That is sick!
Woah, for the welding, never weld directly on concrete, it could explode from the heat especially if you are doing more than a couple tacs
Hey big fan of u. Please make video on how to make standing adjustable computer desk please
Or you can just not do all that and charge your phone like normal human being ^^
So damn cool!
This is amazing
Great video man
?? nice desk
Awesome job
Rock star status!!!!!
Awesome job!
So much creativity!
Amazing idea and even better execution!!!
Only you need a Nasa machine
DAMN SEXY.. Question will the sealer keep the copper from oxidizing?
I love everything about this, especially the simplicity
I HOPE STARBUCKS HAS TABLE LIKE THIS TOO!!!!
coooool
Wow...I mean, just w.o.w :O
This is tight, but I would have made a large inlay for the wireless charger and used double-sided table to keep it in place. That way, when you inevitably get different sized wireless chargers, they can all fit in the inlay and be easily removed a la double-sided tape!
You can buy them the wireless charger coil itself :P duel coils even! Fast wireless charging :3
lol i was the 2,000,000 view
FEWTEL 4 life!!
Iam going to have to check that charger out. I have issues with my current one with just the "moment" case on the phone.
Wow that's something that I would love to have. First time on this channel n love that table.
That is a super fantastic desk.
Now that is called innovation
Uh way too much for me. But nice concept
20 watt fast charging pad would have been nice Stick a TEC module under the bowtie and you can chill and heat drinks on it
How I wish I was a man
Apple would steal this and sell it for $5000
what a beauty! I want to buy this table from you
A desk is cheaper than all that gear ??
Do I always need to plug the wireless charger?
I guess Im gonna do it on my cheap ikea desk
Okay so are you using a mig welder? Because it looks like you are and I think maybe trying your hand at arc welding might help improve technique because mig doesn’t penetrate as deeply as it could. So maybe try to try a hand at arc welding and practice laying it down where it penetrates deep enough to really weld together because if you can’t break it and pull it apart you know you are doing something right
If he put the copper above the wireless charger he would have gotten a stronger charging base for his phone .
dude, that was awesome
"get yourself a hubby like this" haha
Hello do you have any DIY videos on how to build a recording studio desk? If not, Can you do video on how to build a recording studio desk, and add all of the measurements that each board are cut? Please help me because I am on a budget right now , plus I am trying to buy me a couple Mac computers. Thanks Mr Robert!!!!
Smart idea man
Great build. Only thing I see that would be a problem for me is that the charger is placed right where the mouse tends to be. I would have placed it more in the back, or maybe to the left.
Very nice
I thought the whole desk was going to have wireless charging, as in, you could place the phone anywhere on the desk and it'll charge.
I thought the start was an ad
Suddenly got an urge for a workshop so I can just mess around doing man things all day
Bravo!!
Wish I had the tools and materials to make one of these for myself
Hello my friend I'm a carpenter and I really like the idea of a wireless charger built into the table. I would like to build this, but there is a small problem. 1.) what kind of wireless charger did you install here? Brand and Model? 2.) How did you determine how thick the plate may be between the charger and the phone? 3.) how thick is the gap now between charger and cellphone? 4.) Have you tested whether the mobile has previously charged faster with the charger than it now charges with the built-in charger?
Yall want to know what the only thing i like about ikea is?! Its how they perfectly wrap a rug up and put in wrapping and you get it home and your just waiting for that wrinkly ass carpet to come unfold partially and takes about 2 years to get flat!! But nooo it unflolds into a perfectly flat rug!!
woooooooooowwowwwwwwwww super cool
I need this table so bad...
F*cking amazing brilliant idea.
Hey, does it affect how fast it charges? It seems there’s a bit more gaps between the phone and the wireless charger and I’m wondering if affects that much.
Wow bro
Absolutely beautiful
if your getting a lot of popping in you weld it's probably because the vacuum is sucking your shielding gas.
so nice table! are you willing to produce and sell it? it has way better quality than others online
Great video, I would have used a ferromagnetic metal like mild steel instead of the copper bow-tie and place it inbetween the phone and the charger to increase the charging efficiency
Anyone know where you can buy walnut in these dimensions? Looked everywhere and people think I'm crazy lol
This was a great video. First time I have come across your channel and by the time I was half way through there was no doubt that I was going to subscribe. One of the things that made me like the video so much was your vulnerability when it came to your mistakes and being new at welding. Made me feel better about the silly mistakes I do during a build when I saw yours. Definitely made you relatable. So I’m now going to go binge watch all your vids lol. Thanks for making these
i thought this was cool, began thinking how i could get wireless charging in my desk. Then i remembered i have an iphone 7 :(
My uncles job is welding
I guess I’m one of the very few people in the comment section that actually has the tools to do this. My father is a construction worker and has a workshop in his garage.
What if the charger breaks
Thanks for the video, very well done sir
Fantastico, tus trabajos son fablosos.
what happens if the cable goes bad?
Hot gluing the charger in may be a good long term solution, but if it breaks down on you how do you get it out? ??
when mig welding make sure you use splater spray and two there are two types of mig wire flux core which i would use does not use oxgen to shild the gas like regular mig wire needs and three always keep a pair of mig welder pliers near by they come in handy at times three the clamps u use in the vids are use in my shop for setting every thing up and getting it squar and then tack weld they are not very good imo for full welding
Great Video! This is a DIY project for advanced builder.
Cool
Everything was made very great... but I didn't like how he glued the wireless charger to the table. I think it could be done better than that. in case if you want to replace the charger.
You should sell this
i just got out of prison and the halfway house. im trying to get back in the design mode and work from home. if you could help me get an awesome desk to start my venture again. i would be utmost grateful forever! ive been working hard at min wage to save enough to get my own place. i move November 7th
Awesome very cool job!!
you must have a hell of a lot of faith in your charger
Wow.
Me: Aww that's simple. Goes to Ikea picks up a linnmon desk and buys a wireless charger. Cuts a hole in the desk and places wireless charger inside. Places phone on charger. That was easy!
well done??????
Could've made the charger removable, in case you'd ever need to replace it. Still, awesome build.
with so many tools, you can make a rocket.
It would hav been cooler if you’d put that copper thingy as placement for the phone charger, but idk if it would hav interfered with the charger.
Woah! That is one cool idea!
Just subed to tyou. I love channels like this. You have a great voice and you give awesome descriptions to what you are doing.
Wow,great job????????
That was awesome.
This guy is a genius! :)
‘New’ HAHAHAHA ????
Nice job
This is my first time watching one of your videos and it will definitely not be the last! Great stuff man, keep it up!
GREAT video. Will Patreon when I can. Also, would love a list of your shop tools. Thank you!
Will this work with my Tesla?
Enjoyed watching the process, also that's an awesome end product.
Great Video man ,thumbs Up !
Fantastic workplace and what you re doing there, one suggestion is to interact with your video more :3 great work
I need this desk!
Pic axe flying of atk
this is AMAZING!!!!!
Best welding tip i can give u is learn stick weld before any type of welding. Ones your pro with stick welding you can weld with any machine they throw at you and it's easier for you then
Wow!
This video was so satisfying to watch.
Really liked this video
this is dope I like it!!! sub? ??
As a chinese, i have to say cool
Welding tip: please stay with your welder a few seconds after ending welding above the glowing metal. This makes better joins, because the hot metal is still reacting with the oxygene from the air. Because of this, your welder is always releasing some protective gas a few seconds after ending welding (as you can hear). Just wait until the sschhhhhh-sound disappears
What's great about this is if you don't have access to a wide variety of tools you could still buy a table from a store and just install the wireless charging pad. Great video!
Subbed! It is a beautiful thing to see the work people with talent can do. ??
easy tip for the welding part. only use the magnets for tacking. youd be surprised the difference not having them can make on a full bead, especially when welding right near them.
you should rename the title How to Build a Wireless Charging Desk...If You have a Full Shop
Dude, you've got mad skills -- Thanks for sharing !!
good video
Hey Brad! I have to say you did an amazing job and your finished table looks incredible! I can't wait to see more of your projects!
Imagine if Disney did this on the tables at their parks...complete magic. Great video!
Wireless charging bit starts at 6:16 Copper inlay starts at 7:42
You have a ton of tools man
that was amazing maaaan ...Subed right after watching this :D ...keep up the good work ;)
Very nice work and both simple and great idea! I will use this video as an inspiration for my new wood projects.
Hard working??????????????????????
??????? ???????? ???? ?????????. ??? ????? ?????? ? ???????. ???????
I would have made the charging socket removable to update to a better wireless charger or just in case it fails on you one day. It's gonna be a pain to unglue it and tear it out.
Nice work mate
Do you sell this amazing product??
Do you take on jobs from your subs ?
You are probably as awesome as your craftsmanship. Kudos bro :)
i NEEEEEEEEEEEEEED this.
Awesome
A great idea.
This desk is amazing and your inlay came our really awesome!
making your own stuff is always worth it to watch. Nice job you did there.
You should sell them! I’d definitely buy one off of you
nice
My dream is to have a workshop like this. First time seeing one of your videos. subscribed
I don't think I'll ever be able to this but it's awesome
Everything fine but putting hot clue over charger is messy and you can't reuse instead make campartment to hold charger in place.
Amazing
Supercombo gostou
VERY NICE.. It's also a first to see the polyethylene bring out the color like that. Hour Glass nice touch, too.
I would have sawed the copper into two triangles and placed one above where the phone goes and one bellow the phone with the arrows pointing towards the charger area.
Oh is so cool.
Geil
this is awesome, however, i would recommend a less permanent solution for mounting the wireless charger and the cable so you can replace either if need be
This dude deserves more subs and attention
First timer here, awesome video... subscribed of course!!!
06:11 thank me later
Nick Offerman would be proud of this video.
I wish I had a workshop like that, amazing
I still think it's more practical just to find a nice desk you like, and to buy the wireless charger separately, but this was a cool project.
I have a welding tip Don't set your house on fire
I made this too, it's amazing, thank you!
Who does not think that when he cut the wood. That it was satisfying sorry bad spelling
FTBT: Give me some welding tips to make me better me: uhhhhhhh. be better?
Awesome build, really well done. The only issue I could see with this is with the wireless charging aspect. Wireless charging isn't an "on/off switch" like plugging your phone is (where it either charges at full speed or it doesnt). Wireless chargers charge at varying rates depending on how far away it is from the phone. For example, your phone without a case directly on the charger might take 2 hours to charge. Phone directly on a charger with a case might take 2 1/2 hours to charge. Phone with a case through wood might take 4 hours or longer to charge. Just thought I'd point that out! But the idea is sound and the execution is beautiful.
For my future son ????
Awesome
I've always been a fan of woodwork, as my grandad was a carpenter. I unfortunately won't ever have the space to try this hobby myself but your videos help me get my fix haha :) Very cool idea and the result was amazing
Thats grt. but I would not opt for gluing the wireless charger as well as the cords. what if tomorrow they dont work and I need to send it for repair to the manufacturer or I need to replace. I cant replace the table everytime !!!. But its a great idea and will surely implement it in near future. Also million thanks for no ad breaks.
Very nice. Wireless charging is a misnomer because a wire runs from the charger to the power outlet – obviously. But with this method, the wire is hidden and there is no visible pad or station – I like it. Secondly, this can be done with most solid wood table tops, you don’t necessarily have to start from scratch. All you need is access to a router (I suppose it could even be done with chisels, although I wouldn’t trust myself to get a consistent depth). And the Anker charger is probably a good choice: well-known peripherals manufacturer with a solid reputation. I’d be a little bit worried about temperature – these chargers can get a bit hot. Perhaps a slightly bigger bay and a different method for keeping the charger in place? And I probably wouldn’t have bothered with the inlay: you know where to put the phone. But that’s a question of personal preference of course. Well done!
Awesome!! o/
Greate !
Problem is I don’t leave my phone in the same place long enough to charge ??
i have to say your head is full of awesome tricks.. good good good job man
awesome
Man people do love their glue huh... I hate it cause its messy, I refer to take some time and design a proper holder
It is amazing.
whats the overall dimensions of the desk?
This is my first time on your channel... You've done an amazing job, especially showing some of your mistakes along the way... It's a nice way to learn and a great way to show your subscribers that it's okay to make mistakes.... Peace! Greg W.
W0W!!--> 847 haters that probably cant make anything -.-.. I love how creative people can be.
wow who gives a thump down to this?
This is amazing.
this is a great idea for a table. Being different from you however, i would most definitely knock the phone off when using the mouse. Luckily for you the emblem you inserted into the table can work if you flip the table the other way round so that the charging part would be at the top left and not the bottom right.
Me: watches video Me 5 min later: goes on amazon and orders a regular wireless charger.
Very nice.
Walnut looks so good
How much would you say the desk top weighs?
Definitely gonna make this some time into the near future, *Saved into my projects to do playlist!*
I thought this take me WEEKS to help my dad make it but we only finished in 19 minutes!! Thank you now my phone has a cosy cottage and it will live there FOREVER AND EVER AND EVER HEHEHEHAHAHAH just thank you
This is awesome.
Pretty cool!
That was a beautiful video ??
I've had this idea ever since wireless charging phones became a thing. The only problem is that I have never owned a single phone with wireless charging!
As someone just starting out as well, where did you find all of your gear? I know it's not cheap stuff and how did you afford all of it at once? Or, did you get cheaper stuff to start out and then upgrade as you went?
awesome dude
If I'm not wrong if you don't align the phone to the charger almost perfectly it start overheating (which is bad for the battery ofcourse), i would recommend to sign the shape of the charger with some sticker or sign.
I'm a retired carpenter and this is the best youtube clip of wood work I have seen, for not talking any crap, doing anything stupid, or taking ten minutes to say what you could in one. HOORAY AND CONGRATULATIONS!!!! Well done young man.
Sub
Sud and like
Now. You can buy an iPhone Xs Max just to put it on your table and shoot a video.
So beautiful
amazing, dude
I love ur work man, love the table...I love you man..hope to have one of this in the future
Good job!!!
I love your videos
You need leg Protection
Where can I buy this
Honestly i want one X
Check out chuckE2009 for welding advice. He does a good job of in depth coverage. Table came out very nice. Thanks for the idea
You should always wear long pants when welding, the light can give you skin cancer
Wow
How much would you charge to tach me how to do this?
this was on my recommend glad i decided to stop and watch :), only issue i had was why did u glue the charger and cable !! could of used a switch pin or somthing so u could replace it in future if required:P but love the work
I wonder How much did you spend on all your power tools?
Cool vid
So awesome. Great job
"This desk came out better than I ever imagined it wood..." Punny haha
Corner clamps save lives!!
Lol this wireless charger would take so long to charge the phone.
Awesome work!!!! Great video
Ooooooh It was a bow tie? I thought it was the Black Widow thing. ??
Well, now I wanna get a phone that supports wireless charging. And a sh!tload of tools... And a workshop.
4:45 I'm also learning, but I welded the exact same material for a racing sim arcade, a table, and stools for said table. The welder who was helping me said that you don't need to keep going back and forth or side to side, just keep pushing the puddle, don't pull it along as much for this thin walled stuff.
HOW MUCH TO BUILD FOR ME?
Why only 1 charger?, I would have used multiple wireless chargers.
I am seeing something that I can never build
that's so cool , i like it!!!
Dude!! You got some serious hardware over there
after watching this, everyone suddenly wanted to build their own desk with wireless charger
I guess all that equipment used to make it, is really expensive
First thing i thought: Dang thats nice. But i bet my cat would love it even more since they push things off the table
Next episode:HOW I BUILT MY HOUSE
This gave me a boner
I'm a bit late but everytime u finish welding snip off that ball of metal at the end of the wire
Super awesome video!! I wouldn’t be able to do it but it was really cool to watch!
Nice!
amazing
That gold MacBook though....I need the deets lol
Hmmmm.... this is nifty.
i would buy one of those!
I was cunfused for a moment because of the copper X. But then I realized, you didn't glue the copper on top of the wireless charger but a few inches to the side of it xD Otherwise the charger wouldn't have worked, I guess
Does that charger work With the Samsung s6?
Amazing desk. Hope to see more of your work!
I'd bet you already know this but one of the best places on youtube to learn welding is weldingtipsandtricks , the guy on it is a great welder and teacher.
Just buy a 80$ gaming mousepad
that you get a signal doesn't mean its a useful signal... wireless charging has the same issues as cabled charging, as everybody knows that too long a cable will crumble your amp current massively, like cut it in 1/4.. the same with wireless when you put things into amongst the signals will take its toe... so you should have checked the charging quality... after all ex 1amp are great, but 0.25amp will make it close to useless and take forever.. and both will give the charge status signal... anyway nice craftsmanship.. impressive.
BEAUTIFUL work <3!
wow..... my mouse moved,clicked and subscribed on its own....sick job dude,love the color of it and the nice and simple metal frame. welldone!
if we place the cell phone any were is it charge?
Loved this video man..
Nu!
what device did you used to paint the primer
I came for wireless charging desk, but watching the woodworking and craftsmanship was awesome! subbed :)
That plug to his YouTube channel was so clean
First time to the channel. Subscribed! Execellent video!
D
Beware of ruining eyesight with welding
wat if the the wireless charger gets hot while changing ????
Are you a joiner
Don’t weld strait into that extractor at it can actually suck up the spark and keep the ember glowing this could hit previous dust in the extracted box or bag and could be severe I’m only 15 and had it happen to me
Subbed
Love the build! Your channel is top notch! Hope to meet you someday!
Let's turn this into a business. Want to mass produce these with me?
So its not wireless if u still have to use a usb port
That is one legit desk, love that built in charger. maby built in usb next?? O like a powerstrip?
SUBBBBBBEDDD
Love channels like this, subbed
I think it be cheaper to go to IKEA lol they sell desk nd tables with wireless charges
ABSOLUTELY beautiful my dude.
First time here and glad I watched it. My question is that can I buy that type of table from you? And how much would it be with tax and shipping? I would love to build it but I'm not trained in that area and rather not take the risk until I know how.
Damn, it's perfect idea
Can you tell ikea to sell that desk for RM 300 or other currency
Thx for that great idea, don't know how I got here but I am glad I did.
I want your desk ????
That is beautiful man! Absolutely beautiful
sUPER IDEA
Subscribed. Can u make this for me? How much would it cost
Love it
Beautiful desk. Maybe one idea; maybe use velcro to mount the charger and/or something that is not so permanent for routing the cable. Just in case the charger goes bad you can always replace it. Amazing job.
VERY VERY NICE
Wow nice man, the next table i make my self the for that idea.
Could you have used the copper bow tie as the marker to place the phone on? Charger wouldn't probably work right? But if it was just a plastic piece (3D print?) that it could serve as the actual place to put your phone on. Just thinking about it.
really good... i like it
i have no idea how i ended up here, but please make me one when i move out!!! this is amazing
Is anyone gonna do this
oh he sexy
good job bro, you have now a fan
build a pc in the table
awesome job and the indicator is awesome, so much room for ton of ideas :D
nice
can anyone sub to me?
This would be a cool concept to use with a wireless keyboard and mouse
Woah thats a beautiful desk nice work I am jealous
Awesome. I wonder if the wireless charger gets hot or charges slowly with the extra thickness of the wood
Amazing I gotta do this to
Hey yo how much for this table,I'm like wowww...if I had it right now would've been amazing ????????...by the way good job,you're good man..??
It’s requires loads of equipment’s N props and more importantly loads & loads of patience . I’m not up for it
Am I the only person who watches these types of videos knowing I'll never do this? ????
This is awesome! Creative, and it makes me want to take up wood working!! :) Thanks for this! :)
how did you finish the legs paint powdercoat etc?
Definitely doing this to my nightstand.
Hey you got yourself a new subscriber. This was fantastic!
Nice desk
Seeing that it's soooo hard, I rather wait until when apple releases a wireless charger ??????? I'm sorry Edit: there is already one smh again?? Edit 2: not apple
Great video man! Greetings from Costa Rica
Easier to pick one up from IKEA cheaper too !
Nice work
Fix This Build That, you have inspired me to utilize the wireless charging routing on multiple tables in my home! My issue is that I am not handy at all with building so if you could list the type or drill bits or any other tips and tricks for a newby, it would be greatly appreciated! Please and thank you!
Fix This Build That, I am planning on doing this to multiple tables in my home now.... what drill bits are you using? I am not that gifted with building so any added instructions or tips and tricks for a newbie would be greatly appreciated!! Please and thank you!
U really inspired me u got a new subscriber
Got my sub and like buddy. What do you do for a living, YouTube? I guess i mean to say is that super bad ass shop for content creation on this channel or is carpentry your day job, because if your a newbie and its all for youtube my hats off to ya bud. Ether way it's inspiring to see thanks.
That is GORGEOUS!
Well done! Looks great!
Cool????????????
This was tooo good
Hey man, what Notebook lies there on your desk?
The first time an ask to subscribe worked on me.
Watches video... Me: already has a new desk Also me: Makes new desk just to charge phone that doesnt support wireless charging Also me 2: buys new phone to go with wireless charging desk that'll replace current desk.
Awesome!
That’s hard to build all of that
This is actually cool as hell it looked amazing great job ??
What a great video
Thank you so much for the insparation. Also, cool desk
I felt you can sell this desk for like 1000.
Beautiful work
nice project mann.. well done!
This is something what we have to use in the future
Awesome project.
This desk looks awesome. I've bought a desk grommet style Qi charger years ago, but I've never gotten around to drill that hole for it, because I just can't imagine always having my phone on the same exact place laid flat. Which is to say I'm changing the layout of my desk "clutter" way too often to keep dedicated desk real estate free of anything permanently for charging purposes.
Im surprised you went all thru that process before testing that it works through that thickness of wood. Lmao Anyways good job.
Welding and grinding with shorts. You brave man!
Wow ,love this vid .. I know i cant build this one ,i dont know woodworks .. But i enjoy watching your video man .. Thank you love lots
Great idea.... looks great.... I'm a welder learning woodworking, you can really come up with some great stuff when you combine those 2 skills. I'm also a self taught blacksmith... 1 tip when squaring up when tacking, use the biggest square you've got. And also measure the diagonal. When tacking, 3 tack welds per joint, in a triangle pattern. That will make you tacking is really strong and less chance of your parts coming apart.
I loved nothing as much as the way you do things , cleanly and properly
Hello, I love the desk! What were the end dimensions for reference of everything? (Long, Deep, Tall of the Metal Tubing; H x W of the Walnut)
imagine if the charger didn't work from there lol video over. great video
great video this makes me feel productive
you remind me of seths bikes hacks
I don't have all of the tools for this, but how much would you sell and make one for me?
I'm new to this channel but great video
Lets be honest No one try this...
you need to do 1 smooth pass with your welding
Hey what was the final size of the table?
HolyMadness! ??????
bahhh.. I can take it or leave it.. seriously nothing great to see here.. just the usual run of the mill stuff !!!
I it just me or building videos are way more fun to watch then anything else
Next time, check out Belkin's in-desk wireless charger, especially made for people like you: https://www.belkin.com/us/p/P-B2B180/
what are the dimensions of the wireless charger?
From where dis you get those magnets ?? Which you used during welding
Wow thats crazy
wow!!!!
#kind a crazy project, congratulations, beautyfull work :)
NICE ????
i would buy that desk!
Walnut woods looks amazing, I didn't think that
man what an awesome craftsmanship it is..what an idea...it is so amazing..
Brilliant. Love your work.
Now what happens when that charger breaks? You could have oped for an easier replace system there...
Amazing boss.
You should try to integrate the internals of he Logitech wireless charging mousepad into the desk so you can never run out of mouse battery
Practice welding
I like the idea but 3 recommendations: TIG welding, Adjustable height feet with no full box lower section, and just because it says it's charging doesn't mean it will charge very well. You should check the charging time. I recommend taking the charger out of it's plastic case so that it can shed some heat and you can get it closer to the surface. The adjustable feet should be mandatory for any hard floor surface. The TIG welding might seem difficult but trust me, when you get good, you get great where as MIG will limit you on projects. Nobody ever learned to TIG and then went to MIG except to mass produce. Great desk! My idea from years back was to use optical recognition, find the phone and then with an x-y stage under the desk, move the wireless charger to the correct coordinates. I never did it because my reward is in the feasibility, less in the doing. I'm a planner :)
Although I did the same thing for like $137.47 with a ready bought desk lol
UR GARAGE SO BIG!
Beautiful !
You are cooooooool
god i wish i had your tools drools
When you said "thanks a lot hope to see you around" I actually thought the video had ended and quickly scrolled up from the comments to make sure, for that split second I felt disappointed lmao. Safe to say I have subscribed, I like what you achieved
The magic charging desk
You just gained a subscriber, I cant believe its the first time I come across your videos. Awesome work!
what kind of wood is that?
Sure I have those equipment (wood cutting tool and welder) laying in my room. NOT! But it still an awesome video and great tips and idea. Love the wireless charging port idea even though I never use it.
You just got a subscriber
very wood excellent wireless battery iphone XS PLUS
que muy hermoso el escritorio, con cargador de carga inalambrica? gran idea, disculpa si me la copio, excelente video, saludos
zajebiste
very very kool!!! amazing what one can do when you have a brain!!
Great idea
Won't be using the desk when you're in hospital getting the tumors removed from your abdomen.
Thanx ! , you have inspired me to make 2 bedside tables for my wife and I built in with Qi charging. I used a charger with 3 colls for better results and it works great !! no more loose cables and free space on the bedside table. Thanx, gr Oscar
Great job!
Man, you did all so tidy, so accurate... And then u fokin glue the charger with a stick glue... Arrrghhh...
when you say subscribe i just subscribed .
Is the bow tie, itself, symmetrical?
First of all, amazing project. Second, it might not have been a good idea putting something of metal next to a magnetic field.
Very nice skills
Awesome video man!
Thats lit
I love you video, not just by your nature of work but the way you presented your video. It's very informative.
You're Awesome, thumbs up for you and your team.
This video wants me to make one of these lol
Instruction Unclear. The desk burned
This really gives me a few ideas for the project I'm going to be working on soon! I dont do tons of woodwork but I want to create my own desk. I love a deep desk (~33 Inches) and I cant find one that I want to buy, so I'm going to make my own! I dont know how I'm going to do it, but I want to add a large mousemat sunken into the desk, and now possibly a wireless charger. I am trying to think of how I will create the legs though, as I dont have the tools for metal legs, and would rather have wood legs aswell. If anyone has any tips, I would be very appreciative of them. I need to make this sturdy to withstand a bit of a beating without collapsing.
just found your channel subscribe!!!
when welding always try weld down, use gravity to let the blob run
Great work man...  Looks awesome!  Thanks for sharing!
Smart work dude...
That desk is beautiful, I was a little skeptical coming in to this video, but you blew me away. Amazing work!
sweet
Just started watching your videos. I like what I have seen so far. Any chance you could do a project like this one, but show the work WITHOUT the power planners and routers? I know it's more work, but not all of us have the tools and it would help to know what techniques we can use. Thanks! :-)
Great video love that desk
good idea
chisel and hammer is best
Amazing! Super job!
8-Bit guy will hate that mounting.
Nice
the copper inlay kinda wrecked the look
I like custom desk. Are you giving it away or selling?
Love it
are you using tip gel for your welder you just dip it in every once in a while keeps gun from balli g up with slag.
Make more videos. I see you from St. Petersburg, Russia.
"just finesse it"
That is a awesome looking desk. Love the video.
????????????????????????????????????????????????????
This is awesome man. Gives me so many ideas!
Beautiful Desk bud.
That copper inlay would make a great touch sensor for a lamp! (if it wasn't place next to the user's had area) If you are interested you should take a look at touch sensors at adafruit and sparkfun!
This was the fastest subscription I have ever made. I was literally 5 seconds into the video and I subscribed.
It will caught on fire
Talent
Your workstation so clean. No dust anymore
pretty awesome man
Awesome video! First one I see, can’t wait to see the others!
How thick is the wood between the wireless charger and the phone?
Bravo
em, the product of your sponsor isnt good, is it / the table looks super used already
Just a tip , in ur table u used the spint wood its the lighter part of the table it looks giid but its not good to use its mutch weaker then tje original wood the spint wood is on the outside of the tree the weekest part of it thats why bugs en insects made holes in it
It would had looked pretty good if painted it white. But cool video anyway.
This is soooo freaking cool
Beautiful brother! Love your shop too, wicked jealous!
That's pretty sick!
awesome! u inspired me! props!
You should do a wireless charger bed side table
You've made my mind invented table??
I just like your video. BUTTTT im so lazzzzyy I envy the crap out of you for that shop n brains hahahah Great futuristic content man
Great video man... thanks for sharing.
loved your project.
what phone do you have??
do you think we all have these Maschines...........NO we dont so pls just write how i made a .................
for myself, this is very difficult to do, requires special skills. but this video is very interesting to watch and finally I like this video. also provide a little inspiration.
He did all this just so he can charge his phone smh.
Fix This Build That  what cover do u use for your phone? Looks grt. Send me a link pls.
Size of table
wow this is amazing! keep up the amazing work!
I like how your mind thinks. Good idea with the charger, and I agree the metal bow tie accents the table great.
I'm definitely going to look into building this be use I'm always at my desk and my phone is always with me, it's just nice to have a fully charged phone sitting next to you when working on stuff
bro i love the looking of this desk
You should really smooth out the parts and edges of the metal you cut so you don’t cut yourself. It really hurts.
Been thinking about building my own table with the same feature! But since I don't have the more finer tools, I thought about making an overall "rough" look but with built in charger. You could easily sell that table for 1000€
I gave you a thumbs up for completing a great project, but I won't be buying another new phone any time soon just to get cordless charging. ;¬)
make more of this table i would buy one for 165 dollars
really great videos mate :)
Love the video do more like this ????
Niceee
y u glue the charger
Well, I like what I see. Hitting subscribe
Thumbs up if you re too lazy to do that!
You need to manage resources
this is perfection
this guy bring his hobby into the next level, lmao. good job!
Bro ...you impressed me
That was amazing.
awsome
You earned a new sub!
Now i want my own house and build my own workshop (even though i don't have the smallest idea how to build stuff). Great content, new subscriber ??
Thats awesome
Why I don't feel capable to do those things?
I don`t know why I end up watching this guy at midnight but i love it :D :D
I love these types of videos
I subscribed right after this video... just epic work
Just wanna let you know you got your voltage up a bit high on your wire welder and when you grind your welds you don't just want them smooth like you would with lumber but you actually want to blend them to your weld. Good job for a beginner though! also invest in a gas/oxy torch they're inexpensive and the practice is goodto have.
Awesome but I don't have time to do that never.
Amazing. Those 10mins flew by.
And all of a sudden I wanna make a desk
OMG! I would really like to have a table like that!!
love the desk would love one like that but with out the charger man its nice
Just like Gran Torino taught me "WD-40, vise grips, and some duct tape. Any man worth his salt can do half the household chores with just those three things.”
I know I'll never bother trying this things out, but still I watch so much of these kinds of videos.
Why didn't you make a perfect hockey puck sized hunk o walnut to fill that unsightly gap under the desk ? Kidding - very nice job.
I'm gonna have to do this! I'm remodeling my office and going to build a crazy one-of-a-kind 86" long desktop. I also want to do the "River look" epoxy top. Do you have a video on that?
one word............ SWEET
Not sure if ever tried the green tape, but I prefer that over the blue. Lastly, why decide to go for round qi charger over the rectangle ones, which I prefer....as they "fit phones" better. Regardless, not bad. & glad I ended up stumbling to this channel, as this first vid for me. L8R, A
Is this black walnut? Also, assuming your putting the crown up, right? What happens if you can't cuz of knots, or other defects, etc... Is it okay to put crown down! Awesome looking table & pretty cool of the qi charger built in! Cheers, A
You got in my good books.
Well done greeeat job
this is so clean!!!!!!
Awesome job, the table looks great! The only thing I would have done different is mount the charger without hot glue in case it goes bad, perhaps a small wood bracket that screws in place.
Nice job
do you take orders lol
I like your work i am adam
That's a good Qi charger; I have to take my hard case off my phone for it to charge. To have your phone charge through 1/8" of walnut plus your case is great.
What can I do to get me a man like this?
Nice And Great!!
god dam awsome
Samsung s8+
Makes me want to start woodworking and metalworking, cool vid.
I most go to the toolshop.
the new wireless charging? hasn't it been around for years?
Wow, what a craftsman.
Well done! Liked and subscribed!
So so awesome! Love the inlay!
amazing....Loved it
It's all fun and games till you cut off a finger cause you been drinking while building the table.
is this wireless charging work any phone?
A beginner eh ? You sure ?
Looks great! Nice job with the inlay. These are not a criticism, just ideas: You could try to hide the front piece of tubing by setting it a couple of inches inside of the front edge. I also think an inlay with more contrast would look cool - perhaps aluminum?
nice
I had this idea like 6 months ago. Unfortunately, I don't have the tools to make it.
Your "is this your first time on this channel" sounds a lot like Kati Morton
Gotta say you are an excellent craftsman. Not trying to hide your mistakes and ask for help learning how to improve. Thats a sure way to become a real master at your craft. Awesome job and beautiful desk.
Bro, curiosity is about to kill me. Please, what is the laptop you put at the top of the desk. Brand and model??
Does it charge in any area in the table?
you should get a bit for your router that has a bearing on it so that you can make a guide piece with the shape you want to route and just slide along the guide piece. I don't know what it's called in english but we use this all the time at the woodworking shop i work at.
You welded better than I did in high school.
Omg is working Thanks
Brad: thanks for another great video! Your work is amazing and I love how you’ve stretched out and tried something new! I look forward to you next build!
Very cool! ...and innovative. I aspire to be as creative as you in the future!
Great video - thanks for sharing
Love it mate good job!
There's companies out there working on wireless chargers right now that you just have to be within a few feet of them. This a great, the desk looks amazing.
I love your table but if wireless charger is more great, but thank you
dont get your face in the weld, dont breath in the smoke. you should learn tig.
what phone case do you have??
Great build, walnut is always a winner.
So cool man!
I once build something similar but put the cable into the leg to get it down to the floor without being visible. Since your legs are already hollow that shouldn't be a problem.
I would have put it a bit higher or in the middle
it's simple.
Awesome build
Take a shot every time he says "I" jk. you'll probably die
I made myself a table too, a friend of mine works in a carpenter's workshop and they had linoleum table leftovers, I got them for free (180x80mm). a normal one would be about 400$. I took an old frame from my grandmother, sanded it down and made a powder coating
Lets just ignore the fact that 99% of the people watching this don't have access to all these tools
What phone is that he has??
I love how this guy gives us the instruction in detail like we're actually going to do this ourselves
You have 10+ minutes video and you didn't add any ad break, as a youtuber i would say that's awesome :)
liked the idea, good job man, keep up the good work. SUBBED!
awesome!
you will make more money starting your own company Mr. McGyver instead of wasting time making videos. for sure.!.
Great video. Nice to see real men building stuff. Keep it up.
Just discovered your channel. I've never been into wood/metal work, but damn, I think I may have the beginnings of a new hobby. Fantastic video, you've got yourself a new subscriber!?
insane
that wireless charger idea was great.
Brad what a fantastic build, and congratulations on your induction into the WELDER league; that is one beautiful 210MP!! Bad lil mama jamma of multi-process power....can't wait to see you rock some TIG with her. I build a mixture of wood & metal projects, so it excites me to see you delve into the welding aspect of your projects.
damn, thats really cool
lol, just cover a wireless charger in camo tape, problem solved!
I have none of these tools
??????????!
everything was so perfect until he glue that charger....
I wish that you didn't hot glued the charger in as the wireless charger might broke off over time. @_@
Wouldn’t like to be paying you by the hour.. And yes the glue is strong enough to hold the join.. dowels , dominoes prevent splitting or warping in the top when climate changes.. And also why did you not use the cross cut fence on the saw to cut to length? Far better than your slide saw.. no chip out with a g5 blade or similar.. Nice product at the end tho
Wow
Awesome
Nice Commentary ??
I'm a little sad you didn't polish the inlay like it originally was, but still an awesome desk.
????????, ?????? ??????. ?? ?????? ???????? ??????? ?? ?????
Would the wireless charger have the same efficiency while charging the phone through the slim wood?
Hmm great idea for a meeting table for cliënts
I like the fact that your workshop is clean as heaven.
FLY charger on the DRONE over cloud go back in my room 4 all divces 100% wireless. It's Gonna B all time all weather GOT it?
All wireless charger is not 100% wireless
Great job sir.
I’m not even interested in this sort of building things but this is cool??
SO COOL GOOD JOB
Question: Are available for custom furniture sales? Cause I'd buy that table
cancer desk XD
Great work man !!! Subby subed !
7:25 is what turned me into a subscriber. :) looking forward to seeing more of your videos!
Nice Project ??
I just discovered your channel with this video. Your channel is amazing dude ;) :D
Amazing video! Not a handy guy here but I find it so interesting how you can build something so practical and modern. Would love to see more of these ideas ??
this was in a word awesome, love the wireless charging part. I got an old desk I like and I want to put in a flush mount plug usb combo. just need to get the hole saw and order the plug. You know how that goes.
Am i the only one who thought that you could set your phone down anywhere on the desk and it would charge?
Was that mig welding?
How thick can the table be for letting the charger charge through it?
Share norm ground qlkmrc gradually lovely die admire evident hope scientist study.
this is so impressive...
wow. This is so cool even though I had a different expectation when I clicked in. I thought you would make a table that phone can be wireless charged anywhere on the table!! Would that be possible?
This is so cool!
Respect
First time watcher, loved the video. Immediately subscribed. Happy building!
Probably the most creative thing I’ve seen on YouTube in awhile. Good job!
2-3 wireless charging pads would of been nice. Future proof it from the get go!
Hold my beer gotta go find a saw
Just wow
I think the copper looked better when it was shinny but good work can I have the desk I want it
wow this is great work!
Me: That doesnt look harddddd gets ikea table 20 hours later ME: AHAHHHH WHY ARE THE TABLE LEGS BACKWARDS
Don't weld directly on concrete like that, it will melt
This was really cool to see, Good work and good job on this!
This takes me back to this old house
Rlly appreciated the fact that u didn't ask to subscribe at the beginning of the vid
Lazy man's guide: Step 1: Buy a desk. Step 2: Drill into the bottom and fit your charger. Done.
first of all you have to buy all those tools
2x??
You're a beast dude.
pretty sure you are going to get some eddy currents (https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Eddy_current) in that copper --- sapping some of your charging capacity. Might not be enough to matter. One way to check is to do an amp draw test.
well done, the wood machines doing great
How to Make a Desk with Hidden Wireless Charging 1. Buy tools for 250.000€ 2. ... 3. get to ikea an buy a cheap desk
I don’t have a phone that uses wireless charging but this just looked so cool
Should we be looking away when your welding?
great job I love it
saw this yesterday, ignored it. But found it again today! Great job!
These has to be industry standards now
I want One
Subscribed and liked,... Gwenndolynn
Ok you probably heard this when you bought the welder but welding tip, i make small circles when i weld and the beads come out quite nice
Make sure you push your weld
Beautiful desk
subscribed, loved the pace the result and the lenght of the video, im starting to learn all kinds of crazyy stuff with epoxy besides woodworking, i wanna soon start with metalwork too, nice job
Are you Flip Rodriguez's brother? You look like him
This is the first time one of those "Don't Forget To Subscribe" plugs actually worked on me lol something about watching woodworking its satisfying haha
Saw this in my recommended and loved this video, you earned yourself a new sub ??
Omg I love this channel
Killed it brother!! Congrats on the mil!
Nice video, Thank you for sharing.
I said this before you did it, but don’t use metal clamps where your welding, I learned that the hard way
I subscribed!!
Is something I can purchase
Love the look, but I am not insane.
Not a big fan of combining metal with wood especially tables but you did a good job. Congrats.
sick!
Just subbed .. this is amazing. I just bought a house and have so many ideas :) this helps
Nice you have a drive and a very creative mind and you are the most productive youtuber
Aa if someone would do this.
Usually this is totally not my ballpark, but this looks incredible. Forwarded it to my brother in law cuz he goes bananas for this stuff . You sir got yourself a well deserved sub!
It destroyed my mind
First video I watched of yours and I was in awe, simple sleek design with a great modern look and functionality with the wireless charging is clever!. I bet a table like this would be well over $1,200 if sold online just because of that!. Beautiful piece and inspiring me to try my hand in some wood work.
More than the work I love your attitude.. hard to find such down to earth people today. Keep learning and keep up the great work!
Bro... what d :O in simple words AMAZING CREATIVITY.. SUPERB WORK... this is the perfect video i came across on youtube... keep it man.. u got a fan plus a subscriber :D
What is the wireless charger is broken How do you replace it?
Beautiful work!
Don’t know how I ended up on this video I was watching a video from my teacher sent me but this is a great video keep up the good work and nice job explaining everything in detail i am definitely going to subscribe
Such a clean work. I love it ??
You're not worried about the charger heating up with it being encased by wood?
Interesting, now get out of my recommended
Hey Can I buy that....It is Awesome Brother...subscribed.
when your welding mild steel don't put the fume extractor so close to the work because sometimes it can take the shielding gas away, also you don't really need a fume extractor for welding mild steel.
this is so cool!! i know close to nothing about wood work and i learned a lot just from one video :D
this guy seem like he has OCD
Or take any old wooden desk cut a small place in it for the wireless charger and a little path for the cord to be plugged in
This vid is from I like to build stuff with bob
Wow, now I suddenly have the urge to build one myself! The table looked incredible on its own, but the polyurethane really brought out its character. You just gained a new subscriber - also noticed you are also very close to me, I am in Dickson, Tennessee - just 30 miles west of you. Keep up the awesome content!!
Your smart????
Beautiful desk great skills
That's a great table man, I'm jealous lol
You're very talented bro. Keep it up!
IKEA taking notes!
well damn, this is a very nice professionally cut video with some great skills there, something that I would use to trust you with any projects I have in mind (if postage wasn't costing more than your hard work.... no offence but shipping really bites into the planning portion) You lay it out so that students can easily follow along at a pace that can keep it intereting, you even put it onto Youtube, so the students just write down timestamps and come back to it at a later time. Keep up with the hard work, I'm not someone that works with wood or metal but I can say that you're someone that I can learn from if I feel the urge to make something with my hands or use you to make something I want. I do love how you done the plug with sponsors and nudge with subscribing, it was seamless and it shows us that you will be happy to use them in a practical sense rather than just for the extra money. As I was typing I got a confusing delivery from Philips, 2 downlights (connected to outlet plug), T-shirt and a baseball cap.... one of the most unexpected and strange deliveries... but anyone that gives me clothes is a friend of mine, inside was a contractors book.... I have no licence therefore I can't play with anything beyond 48V DC I am very confused
Welding tip #1 don't look at it #2 weld the object not yourself
idk how this was recommended to me but damn dood, great video. Subbed!! love to see what else you do
i dont know anthing that your doing wrong but you awesome
That was pretty damn cool.
Amazing work! True artistry!
Why didn’t you put the bow tie underneath the position the phone goes in like horizontally? Love the channel!
all those tools, damn i dont even know the name of of them, so amazing job,
What if we don’t have $30k of tools and equipment
From what I remeber in welding class it's better to do a circle motion
I realized we were out of are depth the second he had planks in his hand
Would you make me one? I need a desk with wireless charging comparability! I could buy one online, but I’d love to support you! How much do you think it’d be?
Isn't it dangerous to have a hidden inductor in a table
Fantastic bro
Nice
is it bad that when he was about to weld i instinctively turned away?
i was worried you were gonna put the bowtie ontop of the wireless charger wich would have ruined EVERYTHING!
blood sweat and tears..........perfect????
Wow, awesome video man! You earned my subscription!
Subbed! That desk is stunning! Nicely done!
I just came to this channel the first time and I love this channel I subscribed and road to 200 K Subs
First time here, this was amazing! also you explained things where a complete noob who's never done anything handy like this. Can't wait to try it!
Or you could just glue the wireless charger under your desk
fire hazard?
that was satisfying
i wanna buy it
Awesome project, i really like the hidden charger feature as well as the materials you used.
Welding tip: Dont weld your clamp
i wasnt going to do this but I enjoyed the video
First timer, sold and subscribed. Cool skills and nice vid. A+ on the work. Keep going
You can get better at welding by not welding your clamps??
Subscribed and loved great work great tools great guy you are looking forward to more videos
Hello, i am a beginner. I would like a plainer and welder all that good stuff. For making stuff like shelfs and tables. What would be the best thing to invest in? Machinery wise
Even my carpenter doesnot have that much no. Of tools
im not a professional myself but your welding is not bad :)
That's so cool
you mentioned something about buying lumber online. What places would you recommend and trust?
Nice build
That’s so cool !!!!!!! I want one ??????
Thank you for sharing this DIY. You could have sold your idea to make alot of money but your didn't.
i need this, perhaps gonna try make one
I would take the Wireless Charger out of its plastic housing.
Love the desk! A suggestion i have is to velcro the wireless charger instead (and run a tape over the wire), so that it is easy to change if ever the charger spoils. Would love to have this in my future home!
Well golly, now I gots to build me that.
play minecraft
GET THIS GUY TO 200K SUBS!!
Hi @Fix This Build That. I think it would better if you build a bracket to hold the wireless charger instead of glue it. If one day the wireless charger malfunction you could replace it.
Wow, great work. I do some wood work my self too (hobby) but you are on whole different level. With that kind of tool's it pure pleasure.
This is amazing dude! Well done! ??
Genius!!
Thank you very much im going to make my desk like this too
I love it !!! ??????
Man, the table you made looks way better than the tables in the market..loved it!
Oh!? Is this your sideline Kevin Love while on vacation from NBA? nah!
Does it work with the iPhone X ?.
Wish I had your skills!
This video is like too too cool! Thanks youtube for recommending it.
Well but then you won't be able to carry your wireless charger with you anymore!
Great ????????????
You ever think about making those tables to sell? Besides the charger obviously but I'm.... less then good with my hands when it comes to building unless I'm cooking lol and I'd love one of these tables
ah its amazing!!?????? hey...can i work with you in this workshop?? pls.??????
Love when the sponsor fits perfect to your video. Its relevant. More like this and great job!
Your videos are awesome.......
Amazing
Nice keep making tutorials it helps
I hope someday you make desk for pc or make pc case from wood ??
your a handy dude, I will learn from you. thank you
This was an amazing process to watch and the ending was so satisfying you got my sub!
AllOfASudden
What if your wireless charging pad broke? How do you intend to fix it or replace it then?
Or, just duct tape your charger to the underside of your not-too-thick table? Duct tape fixes everything!
2:24 some nice little buttholes
doesn't the copper bow tie interfere with wireless charging which is based on copper wire electro magnets creating a magnetic field which charges a corresponding electro magnet in the back of your phone? I feel like that would interrupt much of the magnetic field and thus the efficiency of your wireless charging.
Your welds are fine for your project and over time you will improve on the beads themselves. Just be sure that when you weld your tacking first and then checking for square and not just laying down a bead.
I want to buy this desk so bad. Great work!
Sell this desk to me its sooo nice
Man that is a beautiful desk my guy. I used to do woodworking in High school but now I'm getting inspired and want to get back into it! If you haven't done a video yet on Infinity Tables I highly recommend that. I made a rudimentary one years ago, but I get the feeling that you could make an AMAZING one. Anyways awesome video and I look forward to seeing more cool projects.
I don't know too much on welding, but woodworking is a love of my life. If you ever want very circular circles with the router, cut the size hole you want with a hole saw in a scrap piece of wood, clean up the cut, and then use a pattern bit for your router. It has a bearing on the top that is designed to follow a pattern or template, which is useful for what you were doing here, or things like mortising hinges into doors. Freud Pattern Bit: https://www.woodcraft.com/products/freud-50-101-pattern-router-bit-top-bearing-1-2-d-1-1-4-cl-1-4-sh?gclid=CjwKCAjw8O7bBRB0EiwAfbrTh0Kj32OaHImPcJkTrmnW4FGI93C_tl3vRSjfmp7vGd6wowFkd2HFthoCnl0QAvD_BwE Either way awesome project and awesome thoughts about the wireless charger intergration!
I might suggest putting some smooth masonite strips on your tablesaw outfeed to reduce the kick up you are getting when ripping your long boards.
Wish i could buy this! :-)
Saw this in my recommended list, and its the first time youtube has actually put something entertaining for me to watch. 100% subbed bro, keep up the great content.
Can you make me one? lol ??
Woah.
Damn Dude you are amazing
You got a sub from me guy this was dope
It might “work” but the efficiency is probably horrible and wireless charging already takes twice as long to charge than it would with a cable connection.
this is actually really amazing and creative well done :)
wtf same phone same laptop same mouse
nice
con todas esas maquinas yo tambien lo hago
Idk but can you make a table for me??? I’m really interested. But if it’s ok with you or if it’s even possible can you try with the Apple air power that may or may not be coming out this September. Name your price and I’ll pay.
This was so satisfying to watch
The only way to get better with welding is to practice, so get some scrap for free or cheap and go to town trying different welds on different metals, and then if you mess up or it looks ugly it does not matter. The plus side you can recycle your metal and make some money back, or cal it art. lol
Absolutely beautiful table. This was so awesome to watch. Love how you incorporate your tech desires and your woodworking/metalworking skills.
thats what she said. 1:02
431 people dont have wireless charging phones i guess...
SO AMAZING!
First video I watched for some reason it recommended me this. Pure pleasure to see it from start to finish. Great work
It's really cool idea! LIKE!
Wow
It would have been alot better to use the "timeglass" shaped thing right over the wireless charger so you would know where to put your phone. I dont know if that might interupt with the power from the wireless charger to the phone.
That is sooooooo cool I love it so much
Love it. Always want to do something like that but have no space for all tools
Great job!!! Subscribed!!!!! :)
best diy that I'd ever seen ??
The woods stick strongly together because he uses flex glue
This is absolutely stunning! Literally a work of art, I would pay you a lot of money to make me a desk like that
Liked the video SUBBED
As a carpenter i know how tricky these things can get. AND BOY did u do a great job mate, Nice work :D
Awesome vid man, subscribed ????
I want wireless charger in my hand! Make a tutorial about that ;)
real quality content. rare things on Youtube tho. Keep up the great job.
sick idea. the metal inlay just finished it off so nicely
but remember not to put any metal inlay over the inductive charger, it wouldn't work anymore! just a tip
i would have bought that table if i were from states anyway you got a subscriber ..good work ..
SUB!!!
My mans not worried about splinters or nothing lmao
Looks soooo good! But you need to have all those amazing machines! :D
Nice dude!
i want to build something awesome too
Cool
welding tip don't lick it
I would have made the charger a lot simpler to exchange in and out. Just in case after a few years the charger shits out, you can easily get a new one. But then again, making a whole new table in 4 years is probably a turn on for you. Regardless, I subscribed and thought this video was insane. I'm 23 and am already nostalgic for my old high school wood shop. Your set up is just why I want a house someday. Love the channel, man!!
SUBBED
subbed great video great explanation!
You should make and sell. That is a cool desk! Gives me some ideas! Thanks Brad.
This is absolutely incredible work. Never watched a video like this, but I have always been interested in this stuff. Top notch vid!
I know I'm never going to build myself a table but I really enjoyed this video
I don't know a single thing of what you're on about. However, it was interesting, lmao. Good job.
I subbed before even watching
Well-Done
Awesome
First video I've seen from you and it was great. Subscribed!
Definitely subscribed! Love that idea ??
Good lord that is a beautiful desk!
I need one of those ! ??????
cool video. great table. 99% of diyers are not gonna have all these tools you are using.
cancer me
What you did was pretty cool. Great looking desk. As like a couple others that have commented this video was in a recommended list and I clicked on it. Definitely subscribing
with a mig gun you dont need to move in circles or anything. it does it for you
Dude
Cool ???
Awesome!! Liked and subscribed!!
Ikea wants to know your location.
Nice job...
Awesome!
I am so jealous. I wish I was this handy.
790,520 people out of the 790,524 people watching this wont be using this information or attempting to do any build similar to this
Im confused how a wirelss charger works if the phone isn't touching. Or am i dumb?
Gg.
That looks fantastic!!!
Sadly wireless charging is super inefficient and wastes lots of potential power :(
That was A1
it would of been pretty cool to use a wood inlay so the inlay marks the exact spot
New subscriber here. I'm enjoying to watch this video a desk with hidden wireless charging! Very cool idea! Congratulations, Fix This Build That!
SO BASICALLY YOU'RE TURNING A LAPTOP INTO A DESKTOP MMMMMM
SO WHAT IF I WANT TO CHARGE MY PHONE IN THE DINNING ROOM OR KITCHEN, NOT THAT I OWN ANY OF THOSE ROOMS., MY CURRENT HOUSE(ROOM) IS ALL IN 1. BUT, WHAT IF ?
Love the vid and the accent!
very nice i almost made it
What kind of phone do you have?
Yup, this is definitely awesome. Good job!
Well...there is quite alot of big machine to make it.. in my house only have drills and a saw Lmao.
Great work man. Keep it up ????
Very creative. Very well done brother. I am subscribing
so you are wearing a helmet to protect your eyes from the spark but decided to bombard our eyes with a light thats brighter than a thousand suns... dude, I am blind!
Great work! Looks clean.
What the....... Glam table mate. How much in total all your equipments are worth.
New sub here ! Nice stuff and clear explanation. Liked !
Set it down, literally
Great work!
Who watched this knowing damn well they’ll never build this? Edit: Dang, first time I got more than 1 like on YouTube, tanks y’all Edit Edit: Only 35 more likes to hit that 1 thousand likes milestone. I love all of you (:
Superb .. I need a furniture maker now ????
Absolutely gorgeous desk!
I feel like a way to hold the charger and not glue it would be a better bet cusz what if it stops working you know, ive had a wireless charger stop working so id not glue it and stay on the safe side
oh yeah it was workd
Next challenge put a gaming mat in there
Beautiful looks professional
This is un copyable , i dont have all that tools , even the glue
So cool. Love the ingenuity.
good work
This is beautiful omg ??
That`s cool idea man.
Beautiful Desk
Would definitely buy it or make it if I had the equipment
God, you make me want to go into carpentry now, lol
That's amazing, plus you have all the tools you needed as well.
New subscriber here. Love the channel and always like to see new ideas.
cool vid
Youtube unsubbed me from you, thats bs
Absolutely gorgeous desk! Great work!
I'm always skeptical when people put metal frames with woodwork, but it really brought this whole piece together. The metal frame and copper inlay bring a nice modern look to the wood!
sorry but i dont want to microwave my balls
There is a desk with that features here in our country in Oppo Store.
Amazing video and quality! Subscribed! Keep on the good work Brad
Is this desk for sale?
Wow, amazing
very nice work
I think it'd be easier to find the wireless charger by marking it with a clean outline or a symbol directly on top of it, but hey, I'm not a woodworker ?????
Upgrade your mouse.
I want also put a charger in my desktop But the charger that you usses seems a little bit cheap to me Can je plss help me with some tips with the right charger Btw im from the netherland So don't look at my grammer
5:20 ????????????come on dude
Amazing workd dude, really amazing!
Great video!
Impressive work. Will the surface of the part of the desk that holds the charger be fragile? It has a hole underneath it after all. Any chance that it collapses after you accidentally smashed or hit it really hard? It is not really possible to happen but I am really curious about it.
Nice video! And really nice table!!! Wish I was as handy as you!
You've gained a new subscriber!
amazing video~~ subscribed after 3 minutes into video
God bless YouTube recommended, I'm now into ants, circuitry and speedcubing.
i usely dont subscribe to new found channels but i like what you did here. You earned another sub. Great work!!
can you makke a video on every machine you have that is relevant on wood work ..and leave a advice on how to do wood works
You could just tape one under your desk
awesome!
you just earned yourself a new subscriber
This is so cool
you should try making a table with holes in it, but fill them with coloured epoxy so it looks niceer
Hey man you did a great job. Brilliant idea. ??
Hrrrr i ate you, you are to Talented, but i Love it !
I love it
This video is amazing!
Any chance you're willing to sell that table?
You know that having metal between the phone and the charger will result in you either loosing wireless charging all together or it being slower because the metal is a conductior
Or just put the charger on the table, just sayin
Awesome!
thickness of wood between phone and wireless charger?
nice! subscribed!
I want to build something like that too. Though with built in usb ports and i/o for a pc instead. great video and very informative. you got another subscriber!
5:45 The straight comes off while going through the table saw.
awesome build! but would the wood (and your case) slow down the wireless charging speed ?
That's some beautiful wood.
Who else felt this was really satisfying 8:30
Can I do this with like an ikea tabletop? Then again I’ll probably have to take it to my school’s shop... which probably won’t be allowed lmao
Why weld when you can use dUct TaPe
NICE!!
awesome
I'm very happy that the phone in the video was Samsung
That was pretty friggin nice.
That was awesome! That will be a cool computer table. Connecting Tech with woodwork and metalwork? Subbed and Liked!
Wow! ?? Love it! Subscription is on!
Badass and clever
Wow that's looks dope love it
This is probably a goofy question, but what phone is that?
new to your channel, was looking for ideas on building a desk. For your stand, what are the lengths of tubing?
Well done buddy, you are amazing man. You know how to work with wood and metal. You got my sub :) Keep up that great work.
"How to make" The first step: Use some weird ass machine
You could have added the laptop charger channel beneath the table as well , or how about putting a desktop inside the table itself.
Don’t cha just love watching videos of things you have no genuine interest in building or the technology needed to construct it?
I like the designs and the material that you make. I also like the hardware and the organization. Great man!
sir. that was awesome. well, you can't find a table that has wireless phone charger anywhere. I hope you'll made some table for PC gamers in the future.
omg! your tools must be worth more than my entire life savings
10:04 that pun
3:47 And.... I’m blind
OMG i had this exact same idea a couple months ago but i did not have the time to build my desk yet
Subbed. Great video.
Wow, I do some woodworking in my free time. Nice work dude! I hope to be as good as you one day!
While we're stuck in 2018, this man is in 2077
Once you have your tacks remove your magnetic squares (leave your clamps), because if you expose your magnets to enough heat they will demagnetize over time.
Haven’t watched the video so probably wrong but I’m guessing you hide the wireless charging tech in the table? Too obvious maybe? Lol
Can i buy it?
i'd pay you to have that custom desk delivered to my door, it's beautiful. Any way I can buy it from you?
I saw this video, like the only video i have seen with you, and i love you!! #keepupgoodwork
i would love to live in US for the big reason of the access to every tool!!!
Walnut is now my 2nd favorite. Love the look of it stained.
I loved it man. That wireless charging... I'm about to build my new desk, and I'm going for it. Thanks for the inspiration.
looks beautiful !
Well done man
awesome!!! if they were for sale i would buy one
Imagine this with a wireless charging qi PADS, like the huge mats.
But can it run crysis?
Superb Metal work and wood work !!!
I was expecting more of a hot Glue and duck tape scenario but this will do I guess.
wow.. this is awesome.. clicks the subscribe button
??????
U r awesome
Damn I need a new desk.
What laptop is that?
Well done! ????
This is awesome
Damn! That's soooo DOPE
What a sick workshop you have
Damn such a nice and awesome idea great job man :D
Can you please make me one !? ??
Wow. Very cool
jesus christ that inlay is perfect
Hi, nice video. the idea to put a wireless charger is something every furniture maker like ikea should do. But when i saw the metal part to mark the spot of the wireless charger, i was asking myself one thing. Why not using a piece of wood from another kind of wood ? using another wood can allow you to place the mark directly where the wireless charger is. It's more accurate to place a phone on a mark than placing a phone next to a mark. right ?
*Puts wireless charger under desk Puts phone on top of desk Fail
Is there a way to make appliances have the ability for wireless control, e.g. lights, fans?
subbed
That was awesome
Amazing.
Wish i could afford Tools to do stuff like this.... :(
I would've made more room for where the cord plugs in and staple the wire instead of hot glue just in case the wire stopped working. It just would be an easier fix if it did stop working. Other than that, nice video.
Cool, wish I was crafty! All I make are balls out of aluminium foil &crosses from popsicle sticks
Super neat desk, great build!
That looks awesome
Loved what I saw, just subscdibed
For welding always try to keep your arms/elbows against something for more precise welding and I like to drag the wire away from the weld as I make a long bead
very cool
can you make me one too Please
satisfaction
Dammit man, this is beautiful. Probably worth $1k at Kirkland’s
where can I get the ruler with clamps at 7:15
I need this, my phone basically lives on my table
Please don't show the welding part in the video, it may affect eyes of the viewers. If you still wanna do that, do that with some editing. Rest everything is awesome, keep it up.
AINT THERE A SINGLE PART IN THIS VIDEO WORTH DISLIKING
I subscribed and notifications on
Great. You can start over making a new table when your next wireless charger will have a different shape.
im getting a king of random vibe, anyone else?
Like I'm going to have the capability of building this, lol. Cool video bro
Is it for all phones?
wouldn't the charging speed slow down a bit as the pad is on the lower side of the table? ??
you look pretty precise and professional. worth a subscribe :)
All I can say with welding is u are doing very well just don't use plastic clamp with welding
Really love your project. Thats really creative..but i dont think glueing the wireless charger is a good idea just in case that the charger has a problem.
Wow
Mint this thing is perfect good job.
What a wonderful piece of furniture! Great job, I'd love to have such thing at home
You made a whole desk for a charger? THATS GENIUS!!!
Noice
Can you show us How to maken a Chair with Hidden Wireless Charging, so I can get Testicular cancer too on my other Ball ? thx
Nice Table !
this is how u get cancer
I don't understand how you have dislikes on your videos.
Would have been really cool if you integrated some led's and plug sockets into the desk had one cable running out to power everything
itsssss mind-boggling ??????????????
Make coolest study table
Nice video. I actually enjoyed watching it..
Touch key board inset and projected screen module inset - yet ' BRO?
That's going to take a long time and a lot of hard work, but it's worth it, it's great for parties
wont the copper affect the charging speed?
One small problem. Wireless chargers work on the principle of electromagnetic induction. The copper inlay would not be a good idea here. The eddy current induced in the copper inlay would waste energy by heating it up and slow down the charging process. Amazing project, otherwise!
Awesome work brothers really flawless
Wow! Nice job! This is pretty inspiring!
I am on a random video spree and can about this video and holy crap that was awesome! Good job and it looks amazing dude ! Definitely subscribing and now motivated to do woodwork one day ! Thank you !
Personally I wouldnt recommend grinding the weld away, you're removing alot of that filler material that helps keep the bound between the 2 metals strong. I'd use a wire wheel to clean or shine it, but not erase it completely.
Awesome
if only i could afford some cheap materials to make some wood materials!
Lol not worth it for me I have a nexus 5 with qi but im lazy (Yes, I know that this comment is horribly written.)
Dude.. Thanks for sharing with us all of your new innovations. I'm a tech freak who loves to create and use futuristic things. Your videos by the way..they're Inspiring mate.. Thanks Shon. Calgary AB
Grinder and paint for the welder I ain't
Already looks like a amazing channel so I subscribed
Nice job
Thats an cool idea damn
Eww android
Hi this was a cool idea
Nice!
When that charger gets outdated new desk or scrape that wire out hmm
I'd pay good money to get one of these made. I don't own any of these tools, nor do I have any interest in woodworking/welding, but damn is this nice. Nice work!
1:05 sat flat on my bitch
LOVED IT UGH
oomf i saw a video just like this but posted june 12. care to explain or
That is very cool dude.
Wow it really turned out beautiful man. I love the copper inlay as well
Grinding and paint makes me the welder I ain't
I thought the whole desk would charge the phone ?????????
Now all you need is a wireless charging Mouse
I love it but one question! All tha charge or energy passing through the wood can be a fire hazard???
Great job Brad! Really nice work! A little tip on welding I’ve picked up. Try to tack weld the pieces of metal first and then finish the weld. This is a video link from ILTMS that might come in handy. (https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=UCrDSdlszSU) This was his first time welding a full project and I felt that you might appreciate the tips. Great Job! Keep it up!
awww, thought you were going to run an electromagnet underneath the desk with the same electrical resonant frequency so that you could place the phone anywhere on the desk.
So if your going on vacation you need to take the table with you on the plane?
I'VE BEEN A CERTIFIED WELDER & FABRICATOR FOR SOME TIME NOW. HERE'S IS SOME VERY HELPFUL **WELDER INSIGHT** **45° miter each corner** Its a cleaner look and reducing the chance of someone INCLUDING *Children* of sticking their finger into the metal tubing and cutting their fingers. Mitering makes it waterproof from the inside. Plus, if you want a wireless desk... you can fish the wires through a mitered cut easier than a "T" jointed weld. And fasten a rubber "O" ring grommet around any exit hole for wiring... make it water tight (less chance of rusting on the inside) AND it'll also protect the power cords from rubbing on the steel tubing over time.
thats so clean and well made very nice job i deffenly subscribed!!
Me and a co-worker of mine had the same idea back in april
Can I buy this
Great video! Welding your clamps to your work is an astronaut problem, working in a vacuum there's nothing preventing two metal lattices from linking together on a molecular level, so if you leave metal tools against a metal spaceship for only a few minutes, they get "cold-fused" together.
First time seeing your videos, nice work with the table and wireless charger.
wow. nice video. Found your Channel and subscribed immediately ;) Great Content :) Hope to see more in the Future :) Greetings, Michelle from Germany ^^ ;)
I want something like this for my house. I don't have the time, or the skill to do it by myself. Where can I found a guy like this doing it for me, and how this would cost for a similar desk?
Welding tip. When you weld your things . Put only dot. Then put dot on opposite sides. And go all 4 corners. Then check if it's ok. Dots are strong enough to hold it all. But if needed, you still can move it slightly. Then flip all and repeat it all. Then you should have what you want.
I really like your straightforward way of recording and your candor. I am starting my own channel and helping my stepson with his channel. Thanks
Super idea
One welding tip from me would be to buy proper welding pants, gloves, helmet, and shoes. Because if you catch a weld on yourself, it's going to be a bad day for you.
Can you fix the bell button lol
Very cool!
Loving this idea so much! Great video! However, a suggestion from my end would be perhaps next time drill 3 medium depth holes and use 3 sized sticks to hold the wireless charger in place. That way it can completely eliminate the use of the hot glue. It also allows easy change in the event the charger were to be damaged or spoiled. As for the remaining length of wire, it can perhaps be held in place with some sort of latch? That side I'm not too sure of, but I was thinking along the line of damaged wireless charger that needs replacement and working with hot glue before it was a headache to remove them.
that was pretty bad ass
I love how you are so detailed and so humble. I wish that you prosper and your shop to be one of the biggest shops preferred with big projects
This is satisfying to watch
As a beginner welder, yours look great for being the 2nd time
I love it make me one please
When you weld always 'push' the weld, i.e. if you point the tip to the left move to the left, you get better penetration....
Never seen a man cuting wood with a gasmask LOL
Would you ever consider selling one of these desks?
I'm in love with this table!! It's gorgeous! Now for me to get my own house and then find someone who can make me one! Oh and update my phone so I can use a wireless charger. Lol Great job on this desk!!!
Sell this to ikea, i want to but it!
Desk-Pacito
the copper isnt shiny at the end :(
Perfect
Welding tips. Shorts hoodies and shirts with pockets are a no go in any welding shop, good way to start yourself on fire or get serious burns
maybe just me, but I think it would have been better to have the charger on the left hand size or at least the top while having the mouse on the right side
229 guys hate wireless charging
He need to stop using gloves. Be a real man and not use gloves
He need
I'm new to the channel...but you did an amazing job!!
What is to be done when the charger is spoiled?
I accidentally stumbled across this and I subbed immediately. Thanks for the great content
This will slow down your charging
it wood :)
????????
Glue and ducktape can fix anything
You glued the table?
Does it work with every phone?
How much just asking
Morons disliked this video
Do you sell desks like that and ship them to germany? I like this wooden masterpiece!
7:35 --> 2:51pm on your phone and 2:51pm on my Computer haha
10:03 Is that unstained part meant to be a wrist rest or something?
Bro nice job u did a really good job for your first time doing this stuff by yourself just subscribed keep it up bro!
Awesome Video and supernice table! good job
that's a great idea !!!!
beautiful!
Dope
Lov'd it, Sub'd it but i gotta ask...how come you haven't inserted 'copper tie' exactly above (on the charging spot) the usable area? It would have been even great conductor of signal too...
those equipments is nice
I'm surprised the copper insert didn't interfere with the charging?
Can i buy it? I can spend 200€ on it thats all i have
Why he censored the paint can? ?? Edit: Sponsorship
Welding tip. Once you start moving the weld forward go back into the puddle of the weld about 1/8th of an inch
Now that is future!
Very cool idea. Personally, I would have preferred a wood inlay (maybe a small lightning bolt) right over the charging spot. That way it would mark the exact spot for charging, and would be a LOT easier to sand down level with the surface of the table.
I love this desk!
respect that you didn't ask for likes and subs before the video started. you know you have interesting content so you know people would stay long enough for your "ad"
amazing i like it
The table turned out to be awesome, it's a pity that without the equipment itself this can not be done :(
am i the only one who find it so satisfying ??
Nice work and great idea for a project. Subscribing rn
subscribed!!!
Definitely the most beautiful desk I have ever seen
Sg
Alright I want that desk????
Welding tip #1 don’t wear shorts great vid tho
Airports should have these
Why dont you glue your charger underneath a normal table ?????
Makes me wish I could afford a house where I can have tools. Cheers to being poor
amazinng!!!
could the distance between the charing pad and the phone lower the charging speed dramatically?
Awesome channel man!
I will buy this off you.
Very nice build and just wondering if you can notice any difference in the way the wireless charger works? Ex slower charge or harder to position phon?¿?
who also thought he was gonna make the whole desk a wireless charger. where u can put ur phone anywhere on the desk and can charge it
great video!
They should sell that at ikea
Can i buy one of that table
Great looking desk, earned a sub forsure!
it's dope but a lot of effort :)
That tube looks a lot more like 1 1/4" x 1 1/4 x .120 (1/8th wall) not 1x1. Coming from a metal guy.
i don't have these tools.. is an axe and a swiss knife enough?
I don’t even know anything about woodwork and all, I saw this in my recommended randomly, but damn do I wanna get into woodwork now lmao
hermoso trabajo!!! simple y 100% funcional
Wait what is the copper for?
Gorgeous. Outstanding work.
That's so dope man
That was really awesome, man. Patience and elbow grease.
Put more wireless chargers in the desk so you can put your phone anywhere on the table , good job man , subscribed
Woow really beautiful. I would like to know how to build some stuff like that. When you apply the coat, the wood reveals its true beauty. Nice job
or you can just tape it under a table.
Also whatch how to buy a wireless charging phone??
Don't wear shorts while welding will get sunburnt!!!!
love the channel bro, will subscribe!!!
How to make a table
small tip if you first only tag the inner edges you can still correct the angles than tag the outsides to so you dont really have to clamp it down as hard or if something is to big it will come in hamdy some day.. you can also use a piece of copper and clamp it in with the part you are welding because it wont stick on copper ;)
Like hidden wireless charger
Aaand.. how are you going to charge the charger???
Your power tools ahhhh, I'm jealous
Nice Desk man! :)
dumb question how you gonna pull out the wireless charger incase it got broken since you hot glued it and the wire
Who actually built this?
what if the wireless charging deck becomes faulty? we have to disassemble everytime?
This is mad! Nice one
While welding you don't need to wiggle around like you did, that's what amateurs do. Just put a nice continuous bead down that symmetrically bonds both sides of the corner (If both materials are the same size) and has an acceptable thickness. The bead should look as flat as possible and not like a round object you just laid in the corner :)
Guy sounds like Chrisfix, awesome video man
Don’t burn ur hands
Wow you really deserve to have more subscribers then you do...Subscribed!
Great video (and great work too!). I always wanted to do the exact same thing. Too bad I don't own most of your equipments. Not to say a decent workshop.
Try welding in a mini circle and slightly moving down every time.
Deserved my like and subscribe
i dont even have a wireless charging phone but im still watching this
This is so cool
I would probably buy this if I saw it in a store amazing woodwork looks like a pro had made it. keep going, man
Wow just beautiful
2:00 brought them back to the b!tch or bench ???
nice job man
First time to this channel, but that desk is Bad ASS
Nice video.. love the way you explained everything and step by step... already hit the subscribed button halfway of this vid.
Just built my first desk last week. Similar top, but pine, and a floating installation in my office. I love the wireless charging addition and I’ll be doing that as soon as it arrives! Thanks again, this is an excellent video.
HA! GAAAAAYYYY
Can you make for me like this table I pay you how much you want???
wow
never subscribed faster before!!!
Oh, so all you need to do is make an entirely new desk? Easy enough.
An opinion of my own. Not saying your idea is bad. But maybe take some slightly different colored wood cut a circle 1/4" bigger than the charger and make it thin. Cut a shallow inset to place the circle in. So you can place your phone on to you know where to put it, every time no guessing.
????????????????
You are going to be an awesome YouTuber
Love that wood....great project and work mate!!
hai sir, i think, in the future, the table can use for wireless charging, for phone, maybe laptop even tv... we just use converter like harfware from phone to convert to tv, laptop.
Hey Fix This Build That I'm Starting high school in 3 weeks my courses are Construction And Mechanic Thank you For Making me Feel So Excited about building stuff watching u make this made me so hyped to go to high school hopefully i can build something just like that. <3
Instantly subscribed after watching this. Beautiful desk btw.
Anyone else thinking the phone charger/phone is positioned way to close to the edge? Nice table, I had the similar one and it's probably 20+ years old.
Awesome video
Perfect n perfectionist
Frame should have been 10-20 cm shorter than table surface for a more elegant look. A bullnosed fron edge would also look great
This is awesome
Taki this charger out of plastic, I think it would speed up charging
Dude you’re awesome ????
OMG!!!! this is the most incredible built I've ever seen. What an incredible process from start to tinish. dude you have mad skills......
Good job looks very nice. When your welding your future projects tac it together in a cross pattern such as like when your tightening your wheel onto your car, do the same with your weld beads. This helps keep it square and prevents major warping
9:35 what you came for
Really? This type of work is not for the avg Joe...
Too good nice thinking Hoping for more
Anyway,good job. but when the wireless charger needs to be fix or somehow, that will be a troublesome job
any concerns with the charger overheating the wood and being a fire hazard?
But can it do this folds table
Everything is good expect paint in yard please don't make nature dirty by paint..
Man I love that walnut. Cool idea hiding that charger too.
I saw a DIY perks video in which Matt created a laptop dock that he build into the wall. Cambining those two concepts woulod make this awesome desk even cooler. Heres the video I mentioned: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tGX34631pdk
Awesome Video what project do you recommend for a beginner
it would be so funny if the finish you put on stopped the wireless charger working through the wood due to the extra thickness
Nicly done
Make sure you hit your slag off because it will screw you up
Congratulations must be disappointing, don't stay sad.
I love it ??
You should have put the charger directly centered under a natural knot so you could have a discrete identifier
New sub, Great job!!!
This video was slick enjoyed it
Couldn’t you put copper wires that ran through out the entire underside of the desk so virtually your phone can be charged
Really really cool stuff, I love it, subscribed!!! Can’t wait to see more
That was an awesome vid. Gained another sub. Really inspired me to build rather than buy, now
I don't quite understand why you positioned the bow tie copper on the side instead of exactly above the wireless charger
Beautiful
now what happens if something goes bad with the cable and you need to replace it
I also have wireless charger embedded like this in my wooden desk. And After 2 years I can say that it's pretty much useless. Because of wood the charging is slower AND the biggest problem is the alignment..You have to always align the phone with the exact spot and when you don't phone will charge slower(3hrs+) or won't even charge. This is gonna work only when there will be drilled exact spot for the phone. (I use original samsung wireless fast charger and Galaxy S8. Before I had Galaxy S6)
If you want to get a perfect square for your welding projects, just use the magnetic square to get a decent square with your pieces, then ONLY tack your pieces together. You only need a very light tack for this part. Then proceed to measure from corner to corner in all rectangle\square areas, bending and twisting the piece to get a perfect square. If your square is perfect, you will have the same length from corner to corner on all corners. You might already know this but I didn't see you doing this in the video so I thought I would share it anyways. :)
Table looks awesome and the cherry on top is definitely the wireless charger in bedded in it! Super cool
Great table and great video, a tip one of my welding teachers gave me in highscool and set me apart from my classmates is to never cheap out on welding, you can always remove excess material but a filmsy weld goes a long way to disaster
WHO COULD EVEN DISLIKE THIS VIDEO?
??????????
your not consistent enough with your welding
Nice project and excellent work! ??
i thought the bow tie was gonna mark the spot where you put the phone to charge
New subscriber! Love the creativity!
You wack a wireless thingy under something - done. Is this a riddle? I have my wifi router inside a cabinet so it's hidden wifi. Did I make something? Do I call it hidden wifi cabinet or, should I just call it a day...
i wanna build a baby
Absolutely stunning man good job, especially the welding, takes guts to try new stuff like that! I cant find a desk to fit in my apartment so i hope to do the same, you've given me a lot to think about, subscribed! :)
This is so F'n cool!
That coppee inlay was well made!
awesome build sir
I've been thinking of doing this for at least a year now. Glad to know it works.
Fantastic work!! I’ve been wanting to do something similar with my desk but not sure how to go about it but with your video I know exactly how to go about it 10/10 earns my sub & like
Very good explained. Ich give you a very big thumb up??
That's well cool
That desk is so cool
Nice
Holy motherfvcker, you are a GENIUS!!!
I know its a little bigger projekt but it would be nice if you would build a whole sideboard. Or maybe a media-shelf with doors or drawer. Nice vid I love the desk!
you cant have a chair underneath the desk....
With your welding method you should do small circles counterclockwise if your welding from left to right , helps filling in everything and theres no stronger and weaker part of bigger lengths of welds from going faster or slower
What a great project! Thank you for sharing!
awesome
Did This to a nightstand about 6 months ago
Well done!
I love the idea and design of walnut plus metal base but how much efficiency do you lose making it charge through the wood? Can I affectively charge the iPhone in an hour or two?
SUBSCRIBED!!!
This video is really well made subbed strait away great idea and presentation as well!
How long does it take to charge from 0 to 100?
if I could choose one skill to be good at it would be woodworking, fantastic work.
Dude your neat its neat great go
Table came out GREAT!! I'm new to your channel and wanted to say that it is very much apreciated to see someone upload videos vith such a clean shop. It seems like having a dusty and dirty shop makes you a better wood worker... Keep up the good work. Cheers from Spain!!
this is what i looking for thanks dude!
Very good build ! ????
for keeping things square rather than butting them together you could've cut each at 45 degree angle, it also helps if you've got something with a real load on it, but for a project like this it probably wouldn't have made much of a difference
Could you please share the name of the glue? I would have used colored epoxy to indicate the wireless charger position. :-).Thanks for the awesome video.
I certainly have not welded a clamp to my work, But I have made the mistake of using plastic clamps on a weld piece.
Dude that was an amazing idea and which worked very well ...
Next time you're at your welding supply/metal supply, pickup some welding tabs. Unless you like wasting time making your own tabs ;)
You messed up in the end.
It's my first time in your channel in you've done a great job also in video editing.
I need to weld now.
Great job Brad! The desk looks amazing.
When you are welding make sure to do tack welds it will help with you keep your angles and stop warping
Definitely subscribing Awesome video ??
Man this is fuckin ingenious. Subscribed and hit the bell! First guy I’ve ever seen out wireless charging INSIDE a project.
Subscribed because of this vid. Wow! I never knew there's a channel with this cool build videos. Keep it up!!
Damn, that's a sexy bench
I learned to weld recently (I am by no means a pro), But here are my basic tips for learning how to weld. - Heat is your friend, learn how to use it to your advantage. - When welding tube like that, angle the majority of your heat into the solid part, not the one with the cut-off end. This will help avoid warping of the metal. -Practice, It is a feel thing, you will get better over time. - Always remember that a grinder and paint will make you the welder you ain't. Good luck!
This video made me subscribe! You did a really good job and I love walnut.
Love the craftsmanship, just so happen to pass ur channel I’m glad I went back. Outside keep doing great work, peace and blessings ???
amazing!! good work
Do you have gas when you weld?
long story short. buy a desk and do 6:20 and beyond guys lol.
This looks amazing!
Very cool, very cool
The is a beautiful piece of work.
As hot as it may be, always cover all bare skin when welding. Both because of splatter and visible, ultraviolet, and infrared light/radiation, it's so intense that it damages skin and can cause to all sorts of nasty things so quickly.
Been really looking forward to this since watching on IG. The final product looks amazing. Quick question though. I've gotten lots of feedback from different people on doing inlays. When you want that really tight fit, a lot of folks have told me to turn the chisel around. They said putting the flat on the line with the bevel facing in forces the wood grain out & that turning it around forces the wood grain in & you get a tighter fit. Anybody have any thoughts on this? I haven't gotten around to trying it yet.
Beautiful. The bow tie really added a extra touch of character ????
that inlay is sweet. turned out really nice. if this tabletop was outdoors, would you ever consider swelling/contracting of the wood around the charger and inlay?
Nice video! One tip for welding if you hadn't figured it out yet. Only use the magnets for tack welding. If you keep them on when trying to join the parent metals the molten pool can be affected by the magnets, it'll be drawn towards them and your weld will be ruined.
You - are - AWSOME !
Great stuff. Love watching videos like this. Giving me plenty of ideas for the future.
I need this omg
That is awesome! Great job on your new desk! :)
So pretty!
I don't know anything about working with wood or metal, but this is sick man
copper looks too srtaight.The symbol lightning or battery would be better
hello, can you say what tree it is?
Wow..... amazing CTRL+C hahahhaha
Awesome video and an awesome build! I admire the work in this project! You have won a new subscriber! Looking forward to your next vid:)
Gorgeous work! Love your work space, looks neat and organized!
First Video I've seen from you. It's awesome. Nothing more to say????
Simply WOW!!! Subscribed! Man, I totally enjoyed this video! And you being so humble, made this video even more likable!! Thats some solid work out there mate! Keep it up!! <3
Why is the front edge (at 10:07) not painted?
Foony
Muito top! Projeto excelente!
That desk looks amazing, defiantly subbing
Very nice looking industrial desk
I've been itching to do a wireless charging table for ages now, i just dont have the materials, and decent wood at my place is quite expensive, perhaps i should give it a go. Subbing :)
How much would it cost for someone to make this for me???
That’s prett cool
?he tools make the masseur.......
What is your phone what brand
Nice Table
great video man
5:20 wtf lol
Your amazing, gretings from poland where we have only a few chanels like this
the smell of newly planed wood... so good...
Gosh u have a lot of fancy devices... I have only screwdrivers :P
awesome project.
What cool charging solution you built into the desk... super elegant idea there. Great job on the desk too, that walnut really looks good.
this is way badass!
Beautiful work my friend, love me some walnut.
In your welding, what method are you using for laying the bead? Half-moon, circles, back and forth? Play around with different techniques. My favorite is half-moon.
That’s awesome!! 1st video and just subscribed!!
did you just stain it or did you put another on top of it
Enjoyed seeing you work. Awesome shop & video. New subscriber.
May it be tailors for scraps of threads and clothing, painters with different media, aquascapers with plants and rocks, cooks with different recipes and techniques or even carpenters with old lumber. They all recycle something old and make it into something new.
Lovely idea and I appreciate how you talked through the process of building it, making it easy to understand. The walnut looked great and the copper inlay was a really interesting way to mark the position. The only thing I think I would have done differently would be how you secured the charger in place, glueing it in could make replacing the device a little annoying in future should it break, or there's a worthwhile upgrade.
absolutely love the concealed wireless charging idea, subscribed!
Amazing piece of art
Beautiful job mate...
D O P E
Dang that's nice!
Do schools offer schooling for this kind of work?
Amazing video, subscribed!
Are there any specific books you can recommend to learn more about woodworking
What phone case is that?
I have a perfectly good desk and this video was still interesting to watch! Great job =D
That was a schweeet project!, I enjoyed watching this , I also appreciate that you shared your mistakes!.. thanks ! Great content!!
Uh, wood expansion? It looks like the mounting brackets perpendicular to the wood grain also only have a round hole for the screw. Are you living in such a stable climate?
Amazing project
just came across your channel and subbed awesome work and that welder is really cool didn't know about it now i want one
I’m no expert, but I do believe the copper will take some of the energy , that was intended for your phone, from the wireless charger. I have no idea what effects this will have on how fast your phone charges but I felt it was something I should point out.
Dude. The concept is nice. But what I was thinking as you have glued the wire, what if the charger fails, what will you do? Is it possible to make a extra thin layer of wood and cover the wire! In this way if the charging cable or the charger get some issue, you will not have any problem in removing it. I am from IT. But I like to see the ideas. And this video is a great help. Wish you all the best for the next video.
Very nice Brad.
Im a welder by trade in Canada, and your welding seems pretty good. The hardest part of MIG welding is setting the machine, and since you have that 210mp it isn't too much of a problem since it does that close enough witch materiel thickness and wire. Only thing I would say is up the voltage for the interior corners of the frame to wet the metal in better and prevent cold lapping. Great project just subbed. ??
Next time build a metal bracket u shaped to hold the charging unit in place, for serviceing repairing or replacing when 4x speed charging comes out in a decade or so, cause that desk will last way longer than the charger.
Great content !
Great video... better than any TV show anywhere.
Don’t weld on concrete! Heat from the arc can cause water in the concrete to turn to steam and explode the concrete.
the desk looked amazing! nice work dude.
my #1 welding tip is to not use mig as a beginner. you will never learn to weld with that. and also welding square tubing is not really some beginner project, the radius corners are slightly more difficult to weld than just a simple fillet or buttweld. thicker material is generally speaking easier to stick together, just because you are not that likely to blow holes in it. in the end, welding is about practise, you need to do it for a really long time to get expirienced in doing it. its not like most woodworking stuff where you can clearly see whats going on and most of the time, you have enough wiggle room to work something out. thats not the case with welding, if you mess it up, its very very hard to correct, in fact most of the time its just not possible and you have to grind it off and do it again. long story short: dont use mig, weld as much as you can, get yourself some scrapmetal and try to just do straight beads on it... if you can do a straight bead of constant dimensions, think about fusing two pieces together. dont start at step 7 if you cant do steps 1-6
Awesome video! I think personally I would've used a wooden inlay directly over the wireless charger if it was possible. That would have been a more intuitive way to remember where the charger is.
Hey since you are new to welding I suggest, that you check out the correct sequence of welding to prevent distortion when welding a miter joint. You will see that you can weld a joint without even clamping it down and remain square. And to avoid working on the floor just use sawhorses and put some long steel tubing on each side and you got a perfect solution(space and cost saving)
if you making a weld, when you move to the richt carefuly move up and down (about max 3mm) to make a stronger bond.
Great job on your first inlay man...thanks for sharing
cool cool cool
Dude i have bean trying to make a desk and i found your video and i loved the walnut desk you made it looks amazing i think i will use walnut for mine ohhh and the finish.
I really liked the polished look of the copper bowtie. It would've been nice if you went ahead and re-polished the copper working with higher grit wet sand paper and moving to copper polish.
Guys any more welding tips. I’m interested.
WHAT FELL AT 9:54??
What an amazing idea man! Now I`m reorganizing my bedroom and the wireless charging desk it's great! Thanks!
Nice project, just one tip, I wouldn’t use your vacuum while welding There’s no real need for it, no mess like when dealing with wood But the downside is it may suck the gas in and away from the work area which is meant to be shielding your weld and stopping any flaws and imperfections in your welds
How much did the whole project cost?
Brad, that channel promo was so silky smooth I had to unsubscribe and resubscribe. I love your stuff my man; We have such similar tastes, hopefully one day I can bring my skill level and shop up to your level and work my way through your catalog.
My welding advice would be to take that welder back, save a pile of money and grab a run of the mill stick welder. It will be harder to learn but it didn't even look like you were using shielding gas, so there will be way more room to get better. You'll take more pride in your work and you''ll have more fun. If you're heart set on that machine I would pick up a tank of argon. With gas you wont need to get better. The welder will do all the work for you. That machine can also TIG. Give that a try. It's difficult but it's the preferred method by basically all in the field for a reason. I don't think that machine does AC though, so don't expect to be TIG welding aluminum.
Just subscribed and I’m building the desk tomorrow thx
Gorgeous. I love how clean and simple it looks, because it really highlights how solid and beautifully built it is. That copper inlay is the perfect finishing touch.
REalllyy clean
Awesome build! That hidden charger is so slick.
Wow, one of the few channels that has tech, simple, good looking products. Subbed and noti on??
Outstanding job on this desk. I have never tried welding and with the huge mess I have in my garage, (which doubles as my woodworking shop) I don't have room to add anything else. I"m luck can move around my garage as it is. I keep thinking of ways to make room, which never seems to come to fruition..
Great Job, My Respects.
great work...i do think a less permanent way to install the charger might have been more ideal...as tech tends to change or burn out pretty easily these days...
absolutely amazing job man...
everything is top notch and inspiring....nice and clean finish with the unique metal inlay.....only critisism is the hot glue for the charger...no way to repair the unit in case of problems
Hey man, using walnut, and mixing in tech... you got my subscription. Not to mention very nice work, informative and entertaining! Thanks for a cool project!
That was an amazing project you did. Might give it a crack myself. Thanks for the idea.
I would put the wire direkt into the wall! Look much better!
Brad awesome desk I really like how the cooper looks against the walnut. Can you tell me what sander you have and dust collection you have for it. Thanks
Beautiful wood! Great build!
I LOVE the table! It turned out awesome!
Brad!!!! This is amazing! I can't wait to do metal work again one day, I've only done it with "supervision" hehe. The charging idea is top notch. This is going on my to do list!! Amazing work bud
Looks great. Glad to see you expanding your arsenal.
Another great project!
Really Cool idea.. Great job
do you use flux core while welding or gas?
Wear jeans when welding
Great build! That Walnut looks awesome!
Great job Brad. I've been following your progress on IG for a while. It's nice to see how you did it all. Now i want this desk to shoot all my Youtube Tech reviews on! :)
I love the build Brad, really well done! Beautiful wood, great techniques, cool features – really a fun project. Also couldn't help but notice the camera angles and shots. They told the story well, and really highlighted what you were doing.
That looks awesome man! You might be able to remove the coil from the wireless charger. That way there is less material for the electromagnetic field to be absorbed by, and more energy going to the phone, which will make the charging more efficient.
I would be careful welding on concrete. It will heat up and start exploding. Yea, it doesnt feel good on exposed arms
Beautiful desk. I wish I'd have watched it sooner though. I built a lamp yesterday, and now today I learn that "I'm a goon" and I should've glued below my wire. Thanks for the education!
Looks great. I just got a phone with wireless charging so I really want to do a cool build like this.
Nice table design and great execution. Do you get much snipe with that Rigid planer? My little Wen snipes like crazy no matter how light of a pass I take or how I set up the in and outfeed wings.
Simple and well crafted. Looks good, man!
The inlay looks really nice, but for those who don't have a nice metal option to insert there, seems like a shape (X, circle, lightning bolt, whatever) with a different shade of finish would be a nice, easy solution.
Great video Brad! Looks awesome. Gotta make a wooden mallet so you can use that instead of a hammer and block!
This looks awesome Brad! Nice job. ??
That walnut is beautiful. I love the wireless charging too. definitely keeping that in mind for future projects. Great video
May want to take some of the screws out of one edge maybe the sides holding the top. Alternatively elongate the holes in the metal tab to allow for movement. Otherwise expansion and contraction may wreck your beautiful desk. Thanks for the video.
We've just found our channel today and we loved it! For sure it's gonna be a good source of information for us when we start building the interior of our shipping container house! ??
What are you going to do about wood movement with those screws going directly into the tabletop?
Wow. That’s awesome brad. I really like the design and hidden charging station.
As an iPhone user I have to know, how does this work? I’ve stuck objects between my phone and it’s wireless charger but it doesn’t charge.
Great and inspiring work, I'm gonna build one soon ????
Great job Brad. Love the desk.
Looks so great Brad!! Love that idea to use the inlay as an indicator for the charger
Cool table. What type of laptop is that? Just interested.
You just made me want to make a desk! Although I don't have the tools nor the skills to make the base! I suppose that I would just make that out of wood too. Oh yeah, and you got a new subscriber! Great job on the table and really nice video.
How do you know there are no bugs left in the wood?
Excellent video! You explain everything so clearly. Also not hiding the mistakes. Well done Brad!
Amazing as always Brad! (Fergs_wood_decor)
Great video, Brad. That top looks awesome! One question, what fume extractor are you using and does it work well? Okay, that was two questions.
felicitaciones x la idea y x el buen trabajo realizado. Gracias!.
Love the desk, Brad! I've been working on a desk lamp that includes a wireless charging pad, but I wasn't sure how practical it would be. This shows me that it is certainly doable! Looking forward to more videos.
Came out looking really nice Brad! I love the contrast between the copper and walnut and the wireless charging blows my mind - curious if it the distance from the phone affects the speed of charging?
This came out super nice. LOVE the walnut. Great work.
Great work Brad!
Awesome build buddy
Excellent build Brad and the Copper inlay shows up really well once the Finish went on. Barry (ENG)
The walnut is BEAUTIFUL! Thanks Brad.
The biggest thing I gathered from this video, is that I need a vacuum assistant, one with nice legs :). Just kidding Brad. Very cool project, that walnut, copper and steel combo is KILLER!
Looks great!
When welding a tube that creates essentially sealed ends, drill a small hole in the bottom to allow venting inside the tube.
Did you steal your kids sidewalk chalk to mark the boards? That's genius if you did! LOL!
Extreme beautiful table... congratulations for your job!
I didn't think the wireless will work due to wood thickness. I wonder what thickness will make it "not charging". The finishing was amazing, just beautiful.
Love this project! Beautiful desk!
Beautiful work!
Very creative imbedding the charger, I like it!  Another great video Brad
I’m a Seabee in the navy and I’m trying to get more into artisan carpentry and this page has saved my life. 11/10
Looks great Brad! Nice metal work!
Well done.
That Emerson tool AIO looks really useful. I wish I had one when I made my cabinet. If you get a genius affiliate link so I can buy in the UK I'd get it through you.
Awesome build Brad! I really like the wireless charging idea and how you used the bow tie as a reference feature. Well done. Keep it up!
you should have drilled a small hole under the inlay from behind to bleed out the excess epoxy,so that it would fit flush to the surface and eliminate the excess sanding.Just a small thought
Good luck with the move and hope all goes well!
Looks awesome! And I loved the circular saw dust collector! ????
Duuude... Congrats. Awesome! ??
Good ideal.??
I’m liking that wife dust collection mount for the circular saw, I need to get one of those ?? Turned out awesome man, really like this.
This video is so good, subscribed
Amazing and very clean work, my hat off to you. Blessings.
That is an awesome desk. Love the wireless charging and the bow tie came out great.
Great job. Love the idea of the built in charger.
that looks awesome
I've had embedded wireless charging on my radar ever since I think I saw Johnny Brooke talk about it a few months ago. That's a cool idea! That is a gorgeous table!
You are one of my inspirations my friend! This desk and that charging station are king
I am in process of using very similar construction to make tables for my wife's "hobby hut". When the video goes up you may want to watch, cause I will be showing a different corner joint for the metal, and an idea for fastening to the metal with potential wood movement in mind.
Always a challenge when you incorporate whatever is the "latest" technology idea into a project (ie wireless charging). Risk is that the technology changes - and is meaningless in a few years. I know! still have a beautiful hard maple desk that was made with a continuously fed dot matrix printer in mind (circa 1985). :-)
How do I give video more that one thumbs up??
Nice job.....another enjoyable video. Well done.
Great build.
This desk is awesome! Did you happen to build a second one simultaneously... ya know, for a friend?
Such a great build! I especially like the charging. Way to keep learning new skills!
Fantastic build!??
The best congratulations ???????? like like 10 mister
Awesome work Brad. Great design and style
Nice build Brad!
Just yesterday I was thinking on how to hide my wireless charger! Thanks for the inspiration!!
That came out amazing. Nice job Brad!
One of your best Brad!
Sleek looking desk Brad! ?? Phenomenal job! ????
Nice job Brad! The built in wireless charging is sweet, and so is the copper dutchman!
Check out weldingtipsandtricks channel
Beautiful table & I really like the hidden wireless charger. The copper bowtie is a nice touch. Only thing I'd do would be to polish bowtie up after sanding flush then epoxy.
Don't glue in the wire. Those thin (crap) wires will eventually stop working and will need to be replaced.
Judgement in, looks good. Love the Walnut top.
I was listening to the Made For Profit podcast episode in which you mentioned this desk (particularly the welding) while building cabinet doors for a customer's kitchen remodel project, so I was excited to receive the notification for this post after work. Man, you did an awesome job on every part of that desk. Welding and painting the frame. Milling and joining the top. The final finish. The wireless charging and bowtie accent. This all looks killer! I'm sure that you're going to love working at a piece of art that you designed and created.
That charging spot is crazy. I might try that on my desk that I built a few months ago. Thanks!
Beautiful! The copper butterfly key looks like it was meant to go there. Nice ????
Que buena idea, felicitaciones bro
Thank you! Your video has inspired me to expand my woodworking and dive into metalworking but that mig welder is a bit expensive for entry level. any other recommendations?
Welding can become easier if you use more of a wrist movement instead of an arm movement and doing a weld going down in a vertical position can produce better welds to ??. Hope that helps
Very nice! I like the hidden charger. Thanks for sharing.
Good work. The copper hourglass was a great addition!
Nice.
Whoever’s YouTube account that is, why are they not already subscribed to Crafted Workshop?
I like the fact that you don't pretend to be a perfect man and show us the little mistakes (must of people don't do it). Great idea I enjoy watching your work thanks for sharing!
The walnut and metal combo looks amazing and is an awesome build. Adding an inlay and hidden wireless charging? SO cool!!
Such an amazing table. Love the design and the finish
This guy is a God
Excellent job, I will copy you the idea Brad! Maby i will try with a plastic circle instead the silicone for have the option to remove the charger.
Dope Build! Been wanting to do something similar, but with a wider area for charging under the desk. Wireless charging isn't far enough along yet to along for like a 12' zone of charging versus a tiny little ring you have to be so precise on. Maybe in the future. Great work though. Love that metal inlay.
This is the first video I have seen about doing something like this, and I'm so glad to see a video about incorporating tech into the project! Nice touch on the copper marker
Love the copper/walnut combo. Killer!
Why would you need to hide this?!
So B.A. Brad! Love it!
love the wireless charging function :D great vid as always !
Looks great, a desk is on my list for my new home office and I like this one. I just need to learn how to weld now
As usual, I truly enjoyed your video. Love the charger and bowtie. I could see recessing one more of them (for the lady of the house - happy life - then there's the kids...) and maybe putting a recessed power strip on the back?
Great build Brad!
Brad this looks amazing! Congrats!
That charger trick would work great on end tables! Very nicely done, Brad!
awesome build Brad that charger idea was real smart. thanks for sharing.
Great looking desk! Really love the brass inlay, gives it just the right amount of character.
Very nice.
????
That’s very nice, great job. Love the creativity!
Great build! ?? The desk looks great!
Another great video Brad, keep them coming !!
Awesome work my friend
Really nice job. That walnut is gorgeous. And the finish going on... I enjoyed that.
Simple beauty, yet attractive and functional. Thank you!
Amazing work man!!
Impressive work, congratulations.
I dont know the distance you have from the phone to charger, but it should be as thin as possible. The closer you can get the charger to the phone, the stronger the charge current can get to the phone. So perhaps route the bottom to be at most 1/16" thick from the surface and place a 1/2" dia black plastic disc, sanded flush to surface to indicate the center of charger would give maximum charge current to phone. Magnetic radiation from charger follows the inverse square law, meaning each time you double the distance from charger to phone, you half the amount of charger current. Love your channel.
Just beautiful. absolutely astonishing.
Awesome build really cool idea
?????? nicely done!! been wanting to do that in my coffee table
Awesome looking table and love the bowtie!
Love the copper inlay. Great job
Loved this! I'll try something similar ????
That is a beautiful piece! Where do you buy your steel from?
This is so cool! Awesome video as always, Brad! ????????????
Jeez dude! Now I need to get a welder! Beautiful job!
Great project and great video too.
I love the desk and the hidden wireless charging. Excellent idea. Walnut looks so good, not very accessible for me though at the moment, but one day.
Awesome project Brad, love the way that walnut looks under that finish. Where do you source your wood from? I’m in Tennessee as well, Nashville area
Thank you, gonna fix my office room and want to make my own desk and gonna try something similar to this :) how did you figure out the distance beetween the charger and phone would be?
Awesome table Brad. Love that walnut too. I'm going to try that charger inlay on my next build.
I've wondered what you were going to make with those walnut boards since I first started watching your channel like a year ago :D
It turned out great!
First!! Sorry Brad I had to.....