The suspense was so real, who will die first? Kirby? You? The Kill Mii?
Never have I seen one person put so much time and effort into one thing only to hate the product so extremely
You’ve inspired me to make it even smaller. My girlfriend is already pissed at both me and you like if we went drinking and brought back home a Victoria’s Secret build board and i barley told her my plans. If she kills me when i finish it ill give you credit for my personal inferno of a creation im going to call the ikilmii The only question is, how high can i set the standards for the poor scrub that’s gonna beat me and how much will i surprise even you?
Sad sad creation that is cool af I wish I could do that that’s awsome
You’re the “thanks! I hate it!” Meme embodied
My question is how many altoids did you have to eat
This is what I call 'meme genius' Can make very awesome thing... But refuse to and make shit like this for the sake of fuck know what...
this video has the same energy as when Frankenstein created the monster
This is amazing!!! Like I'm just speechless ! Technology is so fun.
I feel the hate in your voice for that little box ??
This was so neat to watch, hopefully I can get as good with technology as good as you
I think this is so cool dude. Even if it isn't practical...it's really cool.
This is the kind of dude you want with you in the apocalypse
1:23 Is that the sweet sound of a Discord notification?
Play Wii sports
But can you charge and play at the same time?
but the 3ds is a Wii portable
Mass produce
This is basically the smallest wii form factor i ever saw.. even Nintendo wouldn't be able to do that xD (joking for thr Nintendo part but it's so impressive) !
how much would it be to buy one??? i want one so badly now lol
who hurt you
Can you make a tutorial on how to build this? This is amazing!
3 minutes of quality gaming
If you had an external power pack, how long do you think this could run for?
honestly i wish I had one and before you try to ask me why, i really think it doesn't look bad. I mean it could look better obviously bt in this state it actually looks good. I would really want a tutorial for this
Thanks I hate it
Could you do this, but with outputs for tv and controllers so it would hook up like a normal wii? Ps: I mean like, without the screen and buttons, so it would basically be a more portable console, but still a console.
Make it last for 10 hours and you got yourself a deal!
go commit dii
this man with be the end of the world
How long is the battery?
You know what fuck the switch this is the future,used mint cans that have shitty controlls
You should make more and sell them
Fit the Wii remote into tiny boxes, so you can be waving your fingers around at an altoids box and tell people you're playing Wii Sports
Stuff other things into an altoids tin
REeeEeEeEee
I wished you showed us wii sports
You've got to be kidding mii
How far can you go in F-Zero GX?
Has science gone too far?!
I don't know what impresses me more, that you dedicated a year to this basically just because, or that it actually works really well for what it is. Either way, super impressed!
a modern frankenstein
I wanna see pirate’s plundarr
Why not make it a big external power pack that attaches to the back in another Altoids tin? It would let it have a few more mints of gameplay...
"Am I allowed to jon about my controller?" I A M C R Y I N G
IT'S BEAUTIFUL
wow thats so awesome
Is this the next switch model?
awesome man!
That is way cool. Regardless of how impractical, it is still really cool.
Bro. What?
I like how you stop to check your discord
All for only 10 calories.
Nice
Finally, portable video games.
So a DS without a second screen???
saw this on reddit. all i gotta say is, goddamn.
Anything thing wii can do kill mii can do better Anything kill mii can do wii can do better than you Next video: how to fit a entire ford f150 into a altoids tin and make it drivable with the ability to haul broken dreams and shattered lives....and a 5th wheel winnebago.
god bless this incel and his creation.....praise kek
Speedrun Skyward Sword with the motion controls before the battery runs out
Yo play the Metroid Prime Trilogy on this thing
Reminds me of when the iPod nano first came out and someone made a guide for how to replace the NAND with a 3.5’’ PATA hard drive. You could store considerably more songs and the battery could almost play maybe one and a half. http://uncyclopedia.wikia.com/wiki/Ipod_Nano_200gb_Instructions
Can it run DOOM?
Junk!
Now finish the curse and play Skyward Sword on it.
But can it run doom?
Has science gone too far?
Tmw your mom think you're eating mints But you're actually playing smash bros
Did you favorite every comment?
Oh if you have the ZL and Zr button
What's funny is that Kirby is low tier in melee.
I'm just commenting to get a heart.
You absolute madman.
I want to see skyward sword with some simulated motion controls. Or wii sports resort that would be very interesting and experimental (well of course anything from GC Wii is experimental on mobile)
Holy crap dude, you are a really legitimate God. "The battery takes a long time to charge and only lasts 10-15 minutes" obviously trash but it's amazing. I probably wouldn't even be able to take the inners out of my wii without screwing something up. BTW I have seen a couple of other projects that feature a portable GC or Wii, specifically BitBuilt and others on youtube. They totally blow my mind because I haven't taken any engineering courses but I'd love to get one! Of course we already have Dolphin though. The future of mobile gaming is dangerously good
I almost subscribed just on the introduction to this one video alone. Priceless.
I like how it didn’t die
You should do a speedrun on it.
Play Super Mario Galaxy. on it. You said it could run anything! :D
Truly a modern day Frankenstein, just in time for Halloween.
You show such a passionate hatred for your creation, and I like that.
I'll take twenty!
what the fuck
Your community sounds more loco than a tin of Altoids my friend
You could sell this, it just needs an actual case lol, and a better battery.
99.9% sure this voids the warranty lol Also, I wonder if Nintendo will recruit you guys to develop a miniature Wii handheld?
Next project you should make a Cinco Phone! But all kidding aside, this is a cool project. You set modest goals and met them admirably.
1:23 the discord notif threw me off so badly
The day we’ll be able to play dark souls on an Altair’s tin
This is something I would buy someone for Christmas.
That is amazing
Give me 10
The fact that you sound like you wanna die helps
On the next episode of " how did I manage myself to get to this video "
I would pay for this
I love that the only two videos on this YouTube channel are a mark of absolute ingenuity and perseverance, and then a dude shooting his friend with a foam rocket
kill mii end my miserii
can it run fortnite tho
I love how you kno that this is worst idea ever and spent a year doing it anyway lol
This is great! Regardless of the overheating or dying in ten minutes...the logistics shouldn't even be possible haha! Well done my man.
1 year?! 10 min battery?!
"am I allowed to john about my controller" yes, absolutely
this is one of the best things i have ever seen thank you for existing and making your abominations
Could you possibly plug in an extra battery? Or plug into wall?
You monster
FeelsBadMan discord ping 1:23 check my second moniter
Can you give me a full list of parts? Just in like text format? I really want to replicate this just because I think it’s cool!
can we see wii music
If the battery life was better and had nicer buttons I would absolutely love to have one of these. Being able to play Paper Mario TTYD on the go is a dream come true for me. Well done ??
This was no doubt worth it.
HOW
I'll take 20.
This is the most useless and terrible thing I'll ever seen. I'll buy 20
Do a ten minute speed run of a game, Zelda maybe? But first cover the buttons with something softer, that looks really painful.
Tony stark built it IN A CAVE!
But can it run Mintcraft?
doesnt the thing need cooling btw? i remember my wii had pretty strong small fans in it
I want to Kill Mii self
Youtube recommendations strikes again. Not that i'm complaining.
Play a Wii game on it! Please?
Please pay Mario Kart oh my God
so you made it into a slightly better wii u
I don’t even have words
How do you have so many subs lol you have 2 videos
“Made as just a joke” Runs Melee perfectly on a fucking Altoids tin
I legit was interested in the gameplay
The discord notification at 1:23 confused the fuck out of me lmao.
Can I waste my hard earned cash on this thing?
Now I'm curious.... if you can trim it to fit in an altoids tin, can you modify it to fit in a gameboy casing?
God has left the server
Imagine Seeing competitive Melee on this
The year is 20XX, everyone plays melee on altoids.
1:22 Discord goes off XD
I wanna see you play The Legend of Zelda Twilight Princess
The fact that it runs Melee faster then my laptop,makes me closer to commiting skooter ankle
No jons even for that controller
1:22 ya got a discord notification
So are ya gonna start mass-producing these things or what?
r/madlads
Very nice.
It's so good it's surreal
Sometimes I wonder: "How the hell do people do this shit with altoids." FUCKIN ALTOIDS.
The L & R not being on the back or sides like the Volume buttons is a deal breaker. Its still awesome that you did this
the fact that you can do this made me realize how stubborn nintendo is for not putting these games on modern consoles.
I dont know how I got here, but Im confused yet intrigued at the same time.
Ok now this is epic, especially its working on a altoids can (Dont be disappointed in this because that runs better than the Dolphin emulator on android)
This is the most delicious game system I ever seen.
But can it run Crysis?
F
Your voice is relaxing
I think I’ll get one for my depressed friend
Holy Farnsworth!
How much to buy this off you. I like conversation starters
Your scientists were so preoccupied with whether or not they could that they didn't stop to think if they should. Sweet build dude, that it works half as well as it does is a testament to your skill and dedication!
Whats next? Playing Skyrim on a cookie tin?
We spent so much time asking if we could, no one stopped to ask if we should. Has science gone too far?
But CAN it run doom
If you squint It looks like someone shot the can with a strong peashooter and cut holes in it
"Accursed creator! Why did you form a monster so hideous that even you turned from me in disgust?" ~Frankenstein's monster, Frankenstein (Mary Shelly)
The Wii U & Nintendo Switch are quaking. Nintendo? Snatched.
You had me at "called the 'kill mii'"
Imagine playing tony hawk on this
but can it run doom?
Woah
Are you okay?
I was tripping on the pacman mini game @ Wal-Mart this is jusy madness gr8 job bruv!
I never thought I’d see anything like this but I’m so happy I did, it’s awesome!
my mind is completely blown, you absolute madman
This is amazing.
Now try and make a portable Switch. Wait a second...
I love the Kill Mii Its so bad
Wow
Original Xbox in an Altoids Tin
This might be actually more comfortable to use than a N64 controller.
Please kill mii get the joke
You were so busy trying to see if you could that you never once thought about if you should
You were so preoccupied with whether or not you could, you didn’t stop to think if you should.
Maker contempt is the best kind of contempt. It's so much easier to gripe about the warts on something when you put them there.
"can it fit in an Altoids tin?" is the new "can it run Crysis?"
Imagine seeing a guy on the subway just take out an altoid tin and start playing it
"Kill Mii"
whats the music at 4:35?
yo my guy wtf u say its sucks but your awesome
>makes portable Wii >plays a modded version of Smash Bros. Melee, a GameCube game
TAKE MY MONEEEEEYYYYY
You should put a ps4 in a tic tac container
Where do I order one?
Looks awesome to me! I new Gameboy micro update design in play??
that mf discord sound made me go crazy trying to figure out why it sounded and no notifs from my brofags wtf man
1968:I bet we will have flying cars in the future 2018: playing smash in a can for holding mint
This doomaflotchie is GLORIOUS!
So, something that I would like to see is the same mod but built into a Wii U pad.
And now cancer will never be cured because people were working on projects like this...
play brawl on it...
It's good and all but why melee, should've done subspace on Brawl smh.
What a title.
When aliens finally come to earth, they will be proud that this exists.
The.
That discord notification at 1:22
My only question is... Is it for sale?
I can’t believe you did this, good fucking game, man.
if you favorite every comment is it really a favorite?
i saw you posted this on reddit weeks before, you said it was the worst thing ever, overheats and very bad battery. Seeing this in action is amazing but also silly, the fact that you took a year to finish this was crazy. All i can say is bravo and mad respect for playing melee on the kill mii.
Thanks, I hate it
Can a nintedndo switch fit inside an altoids tin?
But can it run CRISIS?!
We living in 2018 while this nibba living in 3049
...I kinda want one, I dont even like the Wii and I want one. Why must electronics in altoids tins be nifty and fun to play with?
"Someone had to do it" No...no they didn't....But I'm glad you did!
But can it run Doom?
The discord notification at 1:23 really made me look around to see who pinged me.
Illuminati: “stay where you are” Harvard: “yo you want a scholarship my nigga” Nintendo: “our lawyers will be in contact with you very soon”
I was waiting for this thing to slice you open the whole video.
Play summer olympics
Nintendo could team up with you to sell these things and make bank! ....but theyd rather send you a cease and desist letter.
I literally wanna buy something like this
quality looks great for the size
CUT MY LIFE INTO PIECES.**THIS IS MY LAST WII-SORT
next is the Xbox One X in an Arizona Tea can
Yo this is pretty cool dude. Great work!
It's called the K I L L M I I Why hasn't Nintendo hired this man yet?
How would you play a game that requires motion controls?
"lasts 10-15 minutes but takes a few hours to charge" starting to have mad respect for the switch.
How heavy is it?
aNyOnE wAnNa PlAy WiI sPoRtS?
Such a good way to be introduced to this community. GG
So... you spent an entire year shoving a Wii into an Altoids tin as a joke and just because you could? Respect.
Lol fit the switch in that size
I’ve never seen such casual hate before ... i tip my hat to you sir
i'll pay ANYTHING for you to send me one of those fuckers right NOW!!!!!! PS which Korby game is that?
how much?
Let’s be honest here: soon everyone will have some sort of console into an altoid can.
I... want one
My god... You could do so much with so little (littlally)
Your voice is soothing
Do Luigi's mansion!
1:22 Dammit, you made me check my Discord
Bayonetta?
if i was smart this is something i would do
Part of me actually wants one of these.
BUT… Can it run Crysis?
I didn't think this was real, then I started watching the video. It's cute...and beyond anything I can do right at this moment, even tho you hate it lol.
mii_irl
Next can you make the pii pii?
I wonder, if you attach a link cable port to this and run a GBA game through a homebrew emulator (think trading with pokemon emerald for example), would it be possible to trade?
Bruh you realize you could just pull this out at any time and just start playing games
you're a god amongst men
This is some genius level stuff
this guy spent a year on a joke, thats dedication Edit: this is better than the switch. Proof? It has melee.
can it run doom?
To be honest, if Nintendo sold a fully working version of this with cartridges, I would buy it. Would it be theoretically possible to use gyroscopic sensors to turn the actual console into a wii mote?
This reminds me of my Sega game gear, amazing device lasted about 10 minutes with the batteries I stole from my TV remote and my rc car
This is fucking impressive.
There should be a speedrun category for using this
That moment when you realize most of the space of a wii was for the ports and the drive
theoretically, would it get hot enough to cause any hardware damage?
Dang I'd want to see skyward sword or maybe Metroid prime running on this thing
this is the dumbest thing I've ever seen I salute you, good sir
I'd say fuck the altoids tin, put the insides in a decent sized portable, get a gigantic battery for it (maybe something like 50w/hrs, and call it the best portable wii in the world, because it would be.
I hate melee
I would love to see someone play a 12+ hour RPG like Xenoblade in 10-minute bursts with this thing
"Do you think God stays in heaven because he, too, lives in fear of what he's created?" Also I just have to see Metroid Prime Trilogy on this monstrosity
Wii Sports please
I can’t wait for “Nintendo Switch in Shoelace”, next time.
It's smaller than a Gameboy, you could market this for girls and call it....the Gameboy-girl ??????
You are a Good Damn beautiful genius. I salute you.
This is pretty neat, but can it run DOOM?
why is this garbage suggested to me
Can you kill me because I saw the Kill Mii?
Great job, dude(s)!
THIS IS IMPRESSIVE!!.......... ................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................but why tho?.
I'll buy 12 please
This is beyond science
Dad: why is the FBI here?
give this to mii
Make the battery last longer. please
The real question is what would it cost to buy but in a better design? Such as in a GameCube controller?
2018, what a time to be alive Funny how we can't get Melee (or any gamecube game, for that matter) on the Switch, but here you are running it on an altoids can.
Nintendo should have done this with the Wii U. Mint case and all.
edit. me being a random potato warning i have a random thought lol I bet you could fit ur penis in their because its tiny like mine but im 12 so mine hasant poked out yet but i can finger my indent to cum pain in the a*s to clean including mycum
I definitely want to see Twilight Princess run on this thing.
I'm surprised it was possible...
This is fucking ugly, fucking retarded, and fucking amazing all at the same time. TAKE MY GODDAMN MONEY ALREADY.
Do you have any plans to make a switch portable?
This is insanely cool, yet insanely dumb. It is incredible to think about the possibilities this implies, though. With enough work, you could theoretically make a comfortable to use portable version of the Wii. Like a DS, but with more power. This is amazing.
i wanna see u play donkey kong jungle beat
He sure does like altoid
The nooses are a great touch
Why you say wii sports like it is crap? It is the best game ever i loved it!!
hi
Make a rumble pack for it
That's awesome work ! I feel like the top of the Altoids can should be all screen no built in controls with a kick stand to prop it up then just using the wiimote would be perfect lol
Throws money at screen WHY IS NOTHING HAPPENING
You: creates a Wii in a mint container Me: How do I work this oven?
Kill mii mor like kill me ex deeehehehehahhahahahah
A ps vita In a altoid tin would be weird but funny honestly
Damn, smash ultimate looks great
Pretty
But will it blend
Real question: can it run games meant for an accessory that came with it? (Like guitar hero o, or taiko no tatsujin)
You should port doom on skyrim to it, to complete the meme circle
A working wii in an altoids tin called the kill mii TIME WELL SPENT
People really just do whatever
looks brilliant, really cool!
tbh I’d love to see Mario kart on this thing if you have it or if you can
they just put anything in a can nowadays
fit it in a tic tac container
Genius
i for some reason want one
That's cool I want one I would like to see a wrestling game
Can i have the kill mii
Can i have it
Dude this is fucking hilarious. These programmers have the most dry humor and are killing it on YouTube. I swear he will reach 100k fast as fuck if he uploads more. Much love my dude
I could total see myself playing animal crossing city folk as if it’s new leaf
The two nooses is my favorite part
I am become Death, the destroyer of worlds - Oppenheimer
But can it run Crysis?
Is there a way I can buy one of these?
Wii in an altoid can?? Hold my beer.... *instructions unclear *penus stuck in altoid can
Me:*sees thumbnail* probably click bait Him:*I hate it* Me: based on how nonchalant he says this, im inclined to beleive him
Mario galaxy
How much for one?
I want that so bad tbh. Amazing job.
looks dangerous
C U R I O U S L Y S T R O N G
you sir, have earned my sub.
wow
Next up wii u
You've done better than the guys at smach z and you did it on a personal budget. Granted you are not building somthing from scratch but youve got a working device that isnt teathered to a pc.
I would love to see a wii u gamepad that is actually portable and plays all wii and gc games, you can Kill Mii and take my soul to see it happen!
Are you,, alright??
I want to see you play Wii Sports on it
But This is awesome I couldn't do this
I want to see Smash tournaments played on this
For the request, Rhythm Heaven Fever and/or Xenoblade Chronicles? :) Great job btw..... I've never seen someone hate something they made so much.
1:22 alright, who went and checked discord
WHAT
pff cant even wavedash
KIIIILLLL MEEEE
Not all heroes wear capes. (Great Video.)
play just dance on it
you’ve got the patience of god to have made something that despicable
Does someone notes, that there is no Super Smash Bros Melee tittle screen on this video?, is that possible?....is that a romhack?
Shut up and take my money!
get on it todd howard
i dont have any background in electrical engineering, pcb's and what not, but i am just blown away on how could you trim a factory made factory spec pcb with all those microchip thingies intact, can you do a seperate video comparing the internals of a normal unmodded wii to this glorious thing for us normal peeps :D , and again, i am just stumped and amazed you could fit a wii in that thing damn.
Now the question is: can it run doom?
thank you! it’s hideous!
I'm interested to know if there's any interference from the casing with other Bluetooth controllers. Great execution on kind of a shitty idea lol.
I love this new trend of hilarious super programmer's who hate their inventions showing up on youtube.
Would be cool to put a wii-u inside the touch screen controller.
Can I buy it!
No joke though, you could make a really awesome portable Wii with how much you were able to trim the board.
Dude stop talking trash on this creation, its beautiful
My god this it the most beautiful and hateful rage mod console. Is it possible you can do that on the GBC, GBA, NDS?
Now make a wii with only a napkin
It’s quite awesome what you did here with custom PCBs. Down the road I’d like to make my ultimate Melee portable in a similar gameboy-esque form factor. >>hope my batteries dont run dry >>picks floaties on dreamland Anyways the fan would work better if you move the intake to the opposite end of the device for maximum air flow. With proper cooling and batteries this device really would be worth a different title!
Thanks you, but no thank you. Would this thing be cooler/better in a Gameboy shell?
Let me buy it please
how many thousands of dollars can i buy this for
Kirby whooping that ass
The Tintendo Wii
Impressive yet so sad to think you hate it so much. I understand that such pain comes from dedicating so much time to what is just a handheld Wii.
Everyone say “Thank you friend Noah” for the custom circuitboard
Yo how much for it? I probably would buy this from you.
I personally would of called it the Wii Boy.
I’m not saying I’m hating but that’s a portable GameCube
Can u do a basic quide
Melee players would take this if it meant keeping the game relivant
cant wait to see your version 2
Man just thinking about playing harvest moon on such a tiny scale....
Curiously strong.
Now do PS4
Is that real
The Nintendo altoid portable wii
Lmao the captions called it a weed portable. ??
Ironically enough the fact that it takes a few hours to charge and gets you about 10-15 minutes of gameplay is perfect for me. It would be excellent for breaks at work and school. Excellent job on this curiously small portable.
Next: Pornhub in a jar
Do you sell things
Do you cell thing
Creo que esta mas potente que mi pc :v
That is the craziest thing I've seen in quite a while. Cant believe a wii can be made so compact.
you probably need a magnifying glass or something to play some wii games with how far you'll be with a wiimote
This thing is impressively awesome.
this is so fake
Very cool!
WHAAAAAAAAAAT
Stills no video of it actually running
So this is the leaked Nintendo Switch 2019 Patent...
kill mii now
Gtfo! Lmao!
No matter what it’s great how you turned a tin box into a Wii??.
Mario kart
This has better battery life then the Oculus Go LOL
I WANT IT SO BAD
Who wants to bet the 132 dislikes were Nintendo?
So when are you selling this !!?
Its called the kill me... it's the worst thing ever
Earbuds?
Dude! Your going places! This is awesome!??
'Hello everybody, today i'm going to show off my latest project. it's called the kill me."
the fact that you can fit a Wii in a fucking altoids tin inspires me to try and make my own Wii portable. You earned my subscribe for that riddiculous feat of engineering.
How much ??????
Theoretically, how much would you charge for a portable PS2? Because despite how absolutely haunted this is, it's also super commendable for being a "why the hell not" project that did get finished.
People say science has gone too far. I say science hasn't gone far enough.
amazing!!! great job.
1:23 discord notification bruh turn it down lmao
Do the Wii U.
This is incredible. I will say the Short life use of batteries is a flaw, but honestly this is cool. Imo maybe two years, Wii/GameCube emulation on phones is gonna be capable with 30 fps and minor frame drops. 4.5/5 Very creative..just needs better cooling.
Dude you could totally help design handheld consoles for a gaming company based on this. You would just need to make changes to the buttons lol
Great for speedruns
Bro your KillMii expired last month. 36 days ago from the making of this post to be exact. (37 if you're not West Coast)
1:22 @everyone
Builds portable Wii Plays Melee
Are u just randomly on?
NOW THATS TALENT
This is like my favorite "B" movies, so awful that they're great.
NOW DO A KILL SWITCH
plays xenoblade on altoids box
But Melee isn’t on the Wii?
Insane talent, deserves way more views!
What do I do to become this tech savvy?
Nintendo would call this the New Wii Mini
OK, I'm sickened but curious
There's Hope for this project Just write labels on the buttons Problem solved 100% working, garunteed or your money back
Where's my heart?
I now have the explosives I need to kill mii
Dude play Zelda twilight princess
Huh... why is the real wii so big then
Someone start making shirts that say "Kill Mii" in the Wii font, pls. All proceeds go to this poor man's therapy costs.
It’s pretty cool
Super Mario galaxy !!
When I was watching this I literally checked when it was made because it seems so crazy that i thought it was an April fools joke
Before there was a Switch.
Thanks I hate it.
as much as you hate this device. its still a feat. to make something this small, it takes skill.
Science run amok! https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kY-pUxKQMUE
this is dope
Play guitar hero 3 legends of rock
Can you add an hdmi port or something?
you madman!
Why tho
This had not gotten enough views. This is too fantastic.
Honestly, this should be at an arts exhibition
Id rather have this instead of the switch
What is your major? Pimp shit?
Can you play No More Heroes with this?
This is incredible WOW!
Do you think it'd be possible to make it horizontal like a GBA and have buttons on either side of the screen instead?
Engineers are always suicidal it comes with the knowledge we posses
Nds tin edition?
This altoids tin would be perfect for the next melty blood tournament.
Would love to see you play some Wii bowling on this
This is so god damn cool!
Can you make a tutorial?
Why ?
Macgyver would be proud.
This is super cool! I think a wii in dsixl shell would also be cool. That way you have more space for better buttons, battery, etc.
Oh my gosh no way!!! I bet you are crazy good at math, it must be so satisfying to know you can do something like this
You are the Victor Frankenstein of the video game hardware hacking scene
You should do this on a psp
Can you charge and play or would it get to hot or die lol?
Nintendo would like to know your location
you are an absolute madman, I thank you for your service sir
Bro have some pride in you work this thing is fucking impressive
beautifull work man :3 i suscribe
I have headphones on and the dog barking legit freaked me the hell out, due to the binaural audio. props on your absurd portable wii, though.
Excellent work
I'll take 10
damn.you really bout to do this to mii
Starts playing at 3:43
Sell it. Please.
I think that hardware deserves a 3d_Printed custom new home later. Great execution with the custom rewiring of vital components into such a small form factor. a rebuild could be called the "Revive Mii" lmao For something that's supposed to be a joke, it turned out to be something pretty cool.
Plz make me one with super smash Bros on it and a bunch of other games :'(
How about taking out the hardware fron the PSP than putting in this Wii hardware would it work or not
Love how he checks his phone when he gets a notification in the middle of filming
But does it wave dash? ??
Kind of embarrassing but I thought you was Kirby.
Does the can get hot?
plays GameCube game on Altoids tin Nintendo: you can play nes games on the switch for a low price of 4.99 a month
Could you make a video showing off skyward sword
what a nice name??
10 minutes....long charge, overheating problems in a metal tin ????????????
*3ds
Is this the Nintendo Wii Classic? Looks great!
This is the coolest shit I have ever seen and you hate it so much it hurts lol
Are... You... Ducking... Serious Dude...? You really did that... Wow. I... I just... You're so Casual about it... Like it's nothing... My man, you put the whole Wii shits inside of a FFFFFFFUCKING ALTOIDS TIN... A WII... IN A TIN... AND IT'S NOTHING TO YOU... I so wish i could be at so high of a tech wizz level, that i could just discount the sheer epicness of my amazing creation. I love how crude it is. Adds to the charm. I am not kidding when i say i would bust that out on the subway with full confidence.
if you were to sell it how much would you value it?
slow claps
Dude, whether you hate it or not, this is ridiculously amazing. Kudos
Woah... Now Melee is the freshest smash game!
"You were so preoccupied with whether or not you could do it, you didn’t stop to think if you should."
Play wii call of duty games.
Wait, so you took an actual Wii, gutted it, and crammed it all into an Altoids tin? Take my money lol
Great Project... you could possibly build the internals in a new housing that can store a bigger battery so that it is more practical.
Amazing! Im glad you blew up from this vid :)
It's called the kIll me.
I will buy this for $69,420 Where do I buy?????1?
Patent and sell it back to Nintendo those dumbfuccs would probably buy it.
butwhy.gif
Wow, dude, I'm a fan of that casual despise you have acquired for that creation of yours..... I would love to see you try to complete a Mario Galaxy 2 star with that 10 minute limitation. Anyway, loved it, you earned a sub.
Take a shot every time he says wii or we
Beautiful
Angry Discord Notification Sound
Why don’t you put right/left shoulders on the top ?
HAS SCIENCE GONE TOO FAR?!?!
Metriod prime 3
I have a friend who seems to always have altoids with him, and he gives them out to people during school. I'd love to bring this thing to school just to one up him Lol
i hope someone eventually takes a 3ds/2ds XL case, and puts wii internals inside. i feel like itd be a good fit, but everybody thinks different so idk.
This but in a gameboy shell would be awesome omggg
I need one of these
Shank mods can you make me one please?
"That thing could run your heart for fifty lifetimes!" "Or something small for 15 minutes."
It looks awesome!
Hey, it's so cool to see something like this. I checked out your channel to watch your other videos, but I guess this is your first one. I look forward to seeing future projects. This is great production value for a first video too!
"Kill Mii 2," now with 2 more minutes of battery life! - My god man this looks so stressful to even showcase never mind actually plan and build... P.S: what did you do with all those mints?
JUST KILL MII ALREADY!
I mean, I would want one
What a monstrosity. I love it! XD
Pretty dope. Mission accomplished imo. BUT CAN IT FIT IN AN ALTOIDS TIN? YES ? Yes it can.
Better than "Diys mini Pc's"
Next up: making a portable computer. Oh wait....
Play call of duty world at war
Play metroid prime 3 on it
takes hours to charge......lasts 10 minutes.....this is hilarious! awesome job man!
Is this a cry for help?
1:05 Your Wii is past its expiration date.
Looks like shit
Shank Mods: Anything Wii can do, we can do better
So he spent a year on a joke?
To test out a wii mod, I played a gamecube game!
id use it if the battery lasted longer than 10 mins
Make Oculus Rift in a tic tac container
I wish I was that good to make a portable wii
Play fortnite on it
I WiSh SoMe OnE WoUlD KiLl Me
This is both stupid and Awesome. 5star for the effort. now I want one
I noticed that a lack of internal clock battery, was this just hidden behind the tape or done on purpose?
Me: Can't even win against pichu on a normal gamecube Shank: Annihilates a 20XX Kirby on a 2-inch screen using the worst controller possible k
But can your Kill Mii fit in a wii? . hmmmmm
You're insane.
Ah, this is... Ah.
I'm curious how you learned to do all this? Did you take software classes at school or did you somehow self teach yourself?
xd
I would totally buy this
Finally my yt recommendations don’t suck.
How can something be so dumb yet be so cool
Why tho
I know it's not pretty and you don't like it but that aside the whole thing is actually very impressive
my reaction- WOAH THIS IS ACTUALLY IMPRESSIVE WORK you- This sucks..
This is actually amazing and inb4 nintendo sues you
i love the name lol You're also incredibly talented.
If I didn’t see it I wouldn’t of believed it was true to make this it’s stupid but cool at the same time.
I almost feel like it would be cooler if you took out the screen, battery and controller, added a video out (maybe HDMI if that's possible?) And basically turn it into a super compact home console.
Dude I will buy 1 or 2 of these off of you message n lets see what we can work out
But, will it run Doom?
You are kidding right? You have to, that's just impossible, mi mind can't handle this :O
Now make a Wii into an Altoids tin
Are you an electrical engineer?
But can you multishine with it?
The Tinii
what kind cable you used for connecting nand flash memory to audio amp?the thinnest one... and how to get that custom circuit board?let me knw please...
Thumbs up for this, that is so cool. If you can do it for fun in an Altoids can, I imagine cellphones should be playing console games in only a few more years. At least Xbox 360 and Ps3 games..
"A creator that hates his own creation"
But can I run Skyrim?
I mean at least it smells minty fresh
ive seen everything life has to offer
Lol that's a crazy looking device. It almost looks like it was made in after effects haha awesome. Would love to see more gameplays. Homebrew would be impressive.
I request you play no more heroes on the Kill Mii.
very creative name i love it please send me one
7:58 yeah, not sure he means the game here
But can it fit in a Tic-Tac container?
looks like a dumb piece of shit
If you extended the box and added a dual 2600 watt through a small amp you could extend the battery life by at least 2 hours
Man has never come so far as you have...
But the real question is, can you make a smart phone a TV monitor, whip out a controller, and start playing it right there? I’d buy that right away. It may not be as fancy as an Altoids Wii, but it’s still pretty cool!
With headphones, it sounded like my dog was barking like crazy in the other room. She never barks like that though, so it worried me for a second. Then I paused the video and it stopped.
Fanatic
But can it run mind sweeper
Do it on a tic tac box next
Y’all don’t know how bad I wish I was this talented.
Dbz bt3 please
When the Wii couldn't get any smaller
This looks stupid I want 20 of those
If I was on a committee, you would earn a PhD in engineering for this. I this want so bad.
make the wii in a lunch box next
Shush up and take muh money
Love the 1, 2 Oatmeal instrumental on that map
Play rock band
No johns when your controls are minty fresh
Wow better than the switch
XD I wish I had a portable wii to play stuff like Super Mario Bros. Wii. Nice job.
Real torture play Monster Hunter Tri
Onna take a loooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooong time to charge. I'm meaning onna take a looooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooong time to charge.
Omg this is super cool
Asmr
Those buttons are smaller that the GameCube dpad. I’m amazed and horrified at the same time.
I would actually use this. No joke.
Why not make these and sell them on eBay? People would pay about 300$ for em
WiiToid™
But can it run doom?
this is kind of pointless since the switch came out you should have done it to a PS4 instead love the video by the way
Wavedashing on the subway
Yo, wanna play on my portable set up? Bust out the altoids!
This is extremely impressive! Great work!
That's so amazing!!! You should do a Nintendo Switch Portable too.
we got emulation boi
This is amazing??
Just got off with the C.H.I.E.F. and he told me this post is "It".
Are you selling it?
I wanna be smart !! ????
Dang. It’s crazy you can shrink a Wii to that size
here can i buy this peice of rubish
Still better than my potato pc.
Builds it I hate it
Now now... but can it fit in a small Altoids can¿
You should epoxy the tops of 12 gauge shotgun shells over your 3ds sticks. It would be like 10 minutes of russian roulette every time you played. ;)
Dude sounds like the "Hi, my name is Reggie" meme.
WOW ILY
Best. Wii. Ever.
I cant imagine playing wii sports on a screen that small... DO IT
You're truly a legend
Im mad now
Just subscribed!!!
You are blasted insane
Play mario galaxy or Zelda
It’s hideous kill it before it breeds lol thanks for pointing that out in the first few seconds keep on making cool stuff!
netplay?
You've basically created something as cool as a time machine and you're like "Eh, This thing kinda sucks"
wtf
Sponsored by Altoids
This is the worst thing ever. I love it.
you should put an hdmi port for a tv
Ok, this is actually creative
Dude this is great you should send this to Nintendo
I would take this but put it in the body of an old gameboy the one that doesn’t fold or an old psp
PLAY MARIO GALAXY
Um....
That's amazing! Great job!
128,128 views XD
But can it wavedash?
7:58 you and me both brother
This masterpiece was posted on my 19th birthday, Lol. Awesome job btw!
Nice work.
Is Anna see super Mario galaxy on this.
Kill Mii: "The only console that melts in your mouth... And your hands."
the question is WHY?
Ridiculously awesome!
Bravo sir
this burns my eyes and my occipital lobe
Wii Classic Edition!!!
This is seriously amazing
For those of you who thought this would be impossible well....... Al-Toid you so.... shoots himself
Congrats, I guess? With your tone, I'm not very sure.
Where are your hot points?
It’s consoles like the “Kill Mii” the make me happy to live in this world
You should play Black ops 1
I have some ideas for your cooling issue
RDR2 looks better
How did you cut the blue wire without it breaking. And is this battery custom or from the wii itself, how much volts does it input and outsputs. Edit: also can i copy this :D?
Kinda Frankenstein, it’s ugly but it’s alive! I think the negative part is the battery, looks good to me (sorry for my English)
You know I'm something of a scientist myself
Theres the spirit.
kill me
I'm so glad this showed up in my recommendations.
Awesome
I know how to make a sandwich
All we need now is to play super smash bros. Ultimate on a hand.
He must have had some inspiration from ant-man and the wasp
Now make portable Altoids in a Wii controller.
you and your friend were so preoccupied with whether or not they could, they didn’t stop to think if they should
Even the Altoids Tin can play with four Ice Climbers. Come on, Nintendo 3DS.
"it's made as a joke" took more than one year ggwp
A how much would u sell it for and B where can I get the materials to make it
What the hell. this guys the smartest man on earth!! i can see u going far nice job man??????????????????
This is horrific, yet amazing.
Play f zero gx lol
I want one.
I have the Snail Much W1. It would be a cool project to build one from scratch and you'd be one of the few people that could pull that off.
did you use a wii mini?
I'll take ten
Just amazing. I know how hard this was to do. Glad you didn't give up.
You have way too much time on your hands dude.. Pretty damn cool
what the fuck
Press start... "Welp, it was good in theory"
kill mii more like kill me. ????
How cool would this run as Wii mini classic? I imagine without the screen, controller and battery this would be a Raspberry Pi killer. The coolest portable console I've ever seen
Make another one in a portable black and white CRT and call it the WiiRT
I see, I see. So Wii-mini is confirmed.
What the actual lol. That's amazing! I was expecting some rasberry stuff in there. but Damn. I still want me a MintiPi.
instead of making this for joke purposes you should put this in a bigger handheld form factor case so that you can fit a bigger battery and screen, then sell it. i'd buy it
Introducing the 4ds
how much ??
this is actually pretty cool!!! i wish i had something like this that i could've snuck in school.
pls kill mii
Just wow. I am truly at a loss for words.
Fucking mad lad
This is nintendos stability update we all been waiting on
I have no words
K I L L M I I.
Wii can what's next wii portable chair
Next on Shank Mods: Altoids Tin in a Wii console
Honestly I thought this was a joke.
Make a switch in Altoids and call it Kill Mii deluxe
Why not upgrade the fan and make it to where it can be externally powered?
rip Shockslayer
Wow the wires are so clean!!!
I'll take two please!
That's a terrible title for your new console! It should be DOOT mii
Id buy it
the cancer that is killing modding.
Kill mii
I burst out laughing after hearing it's battery life. What a terrible thing you've made lol!
Fake. You can see the pixel tracking mess up when the display turned on. The audio isn't genuine.
Has science gone too far?
Eat your heart out Nintendo. Got 1 Uped by a Guy With a Altoids Tin!
You are insane And I love you for it Keep up the good work
My best phone can't even play PS1 games
How much is it? Where can I buy one?
Custom board? Not a Wii anymore. Sorry
So you can fit a wii inside an Altoids can but Nintendo after 8 years can’t make a 3ds that runs games of the same quality as the wii. Cool..
holy guacamole
this really makes u think how an xbox one X will eventually be able to run at that size
Impressive! Never would have thought that a Wii could be so small without sacrifcing functionality!
are you serious right now how can you not love this sign mii up
Make another one called "Kill Mii and yourself" and make terrible ads for it.
How much are you selling for? Trick question doesnt matter
This is the real question even science can't answer: When and where can I buy one?
You create and you hated. I loved.
a bit pathetic lol could you please try to put this into a PSP shell? god that would be awesome to see. Ive seen a raspberrypi and thought it was the coolest thing before. next to a hacked psp a hacked wii is the coolest thing for retro gaming. Would be aweome to see wii and gamecube games on it plus better n64 emulator on a wii, only thing is it wouldnt play psp iso's anymore lol. I mod psp systems physically too, if youre interested, cover the shipping cost and ill send a pretty good body and whatnot you may need to do it. I should have at least 1 of each generation. It say a 1000 to have more room internally to work with. But yeah, paid that with a 4.3in screen and we're in business (dont think i have a screen) but lmk dude!
This is the best worst thing I've ever seen. Kudos, dude. This thing is both rad and bad, so I shall declare it... Brad
around 1:22 did anyone else check their discord?
points for the creative name
Wow, just...wow. How much for it?
When your constantly traveling everywhere for Melee tournaments and cant play regularly outside of tourney but Smash Bros is life...
Wii sports wii fit
1:22 Discord
That looks soooo cool I swear I wish I had this when I was 14 at school !! Nice job
I just love how much hate your creation regardless its awesomess.
i fucking hate this
This guy should have more subscribers than me!
But... can it play Mario Kart Wii Online?
BONE APPLE TEETH
lmao not a single shield drop what a noob
The new optimal way to play melee on the go, how much does it cost?
Ill buy it for 999999
Pensé que esto era imposible un poco más de estética y queda genial
I'd say it's worth it.
1:23 who was messaging you on Discord?
What is this piece of shit I'll take twenty
Could this be done in a slightly larger but still portable size that has a better battery life/doesn't overheat?
That's cool and all, but where do the disks go in?
I'll take three.
At least you didn't choose fox
You should do something about that background noise, Your dog's barking is very distracting.
why does it sound like you're about to cry was it really that bad?
1:23 @everyone
This is actually amazing
Kill Me: Portable Gun in an Altoids Tin
Not all heroes wear capes... unless you are wearing a cape, in which case, they all do. Amazing job, this is one of the coolest projects I have ever seen regardless of how practical it is.
this is pathetic and useless i'll buy it
Ok but can you fit it in a tic tac box
Wii nano mini... hey, that's pretty good
try and put a bigger battery
I can see how much you love your creation by the name
I would buy this off of you.
This is cool
Madlad.
How do games with motion controls work? Or do they just... not.
I would give you like 2000$ and you hate it lol
Mod me daddy
How?
What is this unholy abomination you’ve brought into the world and where can I get one? P.S. since you asked; can you somehow map the controls to play games like Mario Galaxy on this thing? That would be interesting to see.
cool
So you spent a year of your time for a joke?
"Portable Wii" he is playing smash Bros for Gamecube
but can it fit inside a wii?
How can you fit a game in such a small screen?
well if it works in an altoid can, try a gameboy advance sp
Also i need one of these in a vita shell
Can I buy $600
Very Impressive and I thought I had something cool a few years back. Check it out if you want. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tJOnPkTgk94
I promoted this bad boi, really great work here!
I call witchcraft
now we NEED Wii U
Thank you Kanye, very cool!
I'm sceptical of the authenticity of this monstrosity
Shank mods,I want you to play Mario Kart Wii on this Altoid Can Wii which for some reason you named it Kill Mii.
October 3, 2019 NASA Supercomputer in an Altoids Tin
kickstarter?
Why?
Do you think it can run wario Ware?
i wanna see skyward sword! it's a shit game, but it would be cool to see it on this!
Wow this is really cool
Competitive Super Smash Bros. Brawl on an Altoids tin.
Could you 3d print a case? Could you put a battery in the case? If I want to start doing things like this where should I start?
I can barely assemble Walmart furniture with instructions and we got this guy over here making a gaming system with an altoid can
Oh.....
Wow.
can I BUY one?
this is unholy
you have said the battery last 10 minutes abut a billion times
>trim the board Okay >Put in homebrew software Hmmm >Custom pcbs for controllers Uh >putting it in an Altoids tin Uhhhhh >10 minutes battery that takes an hour to charge AAAAA >manually relocating the Nand and resoldering all those surface mount points >AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA >IT TURNS ON AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA
nice job for a joke, and is playable lol
I need one Kill me
If this isn't the single best name for anything ever, then I don't know what is.
I hate it so much that I love it! Edit: wOw 4 lIkEs mUm wiLl bE sO prOUd!
Sure, you are able to play the Wii, but your breath probably stinks now....
BUT WHY
Mind blown!??
This is still EPIC! <(^-^)>
the name is the Best part
This Wii expired Sep 2018 according to the casing.
3:00 thank me later
I don't know whether I should be impressed or sorry for you
This is too beautiful
your scientists were so preoccupied with whether or not they could that they didn't stop to think if they should.
This feels so wrong, but oh so right. But mostly wrong.
You can use the mints to cool it down
youre a rockstar
XBONE in a pringle's tin when?
>its charge time can last up to a about 2 dozen times as long as its battery life Kill Mii didn't fit as nice as it does after hearing this desu
Welcome to iterative engineering, dude. Now you gotta make like 6 or 7 more of them until you feel mildly satisfied with it.
4:20 music pls?
Awesomeness
Despacito
Hey, that's pretty good!
You can make this a kit on sudomod and make hella cash
Someone tag sudomod, this is genius
Run Fortnite lol
Shank, you are amazing. I've never even built a RetroPi, and here you are making something that would cause Ben Heck to say "What the hell man?" Bravo!! :)
I don’t even know .......just have fun
Worst gameplay, best game :D
KILL ME PLZ
How much did it cost to build
This is epic
Awesome.
Veri gut
I used to connect my Wii to a DVD player and that was convenient but this? :P
Who'd think this could be done. I was honestly waiting on a raspberry to show up. By doing this your gonna have alot people doing this
The casual hatred you display for your creation is hilarious.
I love it so much it has earned a spot in my personal meme Playlist
Shank for President
Wii classic edition sorted!!
* makes portable wii, uses it to play gamecube games *
That wii is suffering. Release it from her misery, kill her... She doesn t deserve so much pain...
It even comes with it's own little noose awww that's cute.
So it fits in a gba shell..
Battery lasts ten to fifteen minutes. So just a little longer than the Game Gear!
"Hello everybody, today I'd like to show off my latest project, it's called The Kill Mii" shots himself This is America
Sucks that you had to get the lcd from adafruit. I have been looking for a 2in composite lcd for a bit. They are hard to find and adafruit is always out. Now after reading your post kinda worried to even order from them anyway.
I’ve never seen a creation with such associations with the gods...
When will shit like this be on the market for reasonable prices
but can it run Doom?
Hey I love it man! I had to feature you on my website. You aren't the only one spending a lot of time working on something you hate. I spent the last 2 years on vigeos.net and now it's just become a habit to post videos on there everyday to share with my friends. It's like a community I built for my inner friend circle. Just don't have the heart to shut it down, unlike your portable after 10 minutes haha!
"We were too busy asking if we could. But we never stopped to ask if we should" - Man attacked by Raptors
Awesome
Could you donate this console to me if you don't like it?
10 minutes of battery life playing melee? 10 minutes is all I need
This should be in a museum of cursed items
Next: PS4 in an Altoids can.
This is actually cool though,
Since you said it is possible to play Wii Sports in there, I really want to see you try. I can't imagine how hard would it be to play motion controlled games when the screen is ON your controller
What the fuck
Just a little bit of sunshine and brawl would be enough to prove it can run a wii game, but what you really need to do is run xenoblade on it to show its full power. I mean you did the devils work so now it falls on you to properly display it
So how is it reading the disc?
how long does the battery last?
1, 2 kill mii please
This would be beautiful as a handheld around the size of a Switch or PSP
sick
3:20 @.@ Pauses at 3:27 shit just got real YOU'RE A MAD MAN. YOU'RE AN ANIMAL
Insert mii theme here
Holy shit.
Now for the virtual boy in an altoids can
Jesus Christ how bored where you?
Android phone also is a portable wii console lol
We’re not here yet, shank. Just wait a little while.
No M E L E E H D ?
When an inventor gets bored ???? Also I want one
Me: I’m good at modding game consoles! I once took the casing of my teal GBC, and replaced it with an orange one! Shank: I took a Wii and put it in a mint tin. Me: cries
Thug life
I. Want. It.
Humanity has reached the peak of evolution
Now that you have it in that take it out put in a wiiU controller bigger battery better fan
I'm guessing Skyward Sword would be a pain because of wii motion plus, so can you try Twilight Princess?? I fucking love this thing and want to see more games on it
I clicked on this thinking it was some clickbait life hack video... I am impressed.
how do motion controls in games like mario kart work?
Now mod a Wii U game pad into an altoids can
It’s honestly an amazing creation tho
this is the peak of human evolution, its all downhill from here
How do people learn how to make these???
Just subbed.
Sir you got my subscription, awesome
I heard the ping.
can it run skyrim
You're a wizard shank
Play Link's Crossbow Training on it just kidding I don't want to kill you
This was the most hilarious thing I've seen in this damn month hahahahaha
Could you connect it to an external battery pack of some sort so it can hold a much longer charge?
i want to put a wii into a psp now danm you and your creativity
I have more sub's but I dont feel honored to now lol
In the far future we're probably going to get a ps4 or an xbox one in an altoid box
No Johns
I don't know whether I should be disappointed or impressed.
please play skyward sword
I lo-te you
Please kill mii
May I buy it
and this is THE WORST THING EVER I want one
Why? Why not?
I fucking want this
ive spent a whole year making this and i hate it and it’s called the Kill Mii
wait. this tiny thing is a fucking wii? black magic or something??
When I saw it I wanted to die, still impressive
i dont have any words
awesome as frick
I need a kill mii
The WiiBoy next generation best quality with great metal
What a fascinating name!
Uhh i think this guy is a time traveller
So is it real or not
I’m just wondering how your playing so good like wtf
“Took a year to make”also “I hate it” nice
This is so awesome
I thought this was just a joke, and that it wouldn't work what kind of dark magic is this
Who else checked their Discord at 1:20?
LOOOOL! this is amazing!! HAHAHAH!!
Friend:Dude i have this old wii that i don’t want you want it? Shank mods:Alright sure Friend:What are you going to do with it? shank dreams of ripping apart the wii and brutally shoves its guts into the tin
I thought it was Clickbait.
Dont eat the buttons, those arent Altoids
Congratulations, I didn't think anything could get worse than the Wii U
It’s wierd how this channel started as a meme in my meme playlist
Now make a xbox360 in a tuna can
Kill mii now
so if it fits on a altoids can it can fit on a GBA
So youre saying super mario galaxy portable is now a thing?
That voice gave me kaze emanuar vibes for some reason
where did you buy the screen?
You were so set on rather or not it can be done, you didn't stop to think rather..... It should be
Kill Mii well Mii’s are pretty much dead already
You better keep making videos lol
Can u do Xbox 360 or original xbox??????
1:23 you got a message bro
Is this DespaWiito 2?
We can rebuild it, we have the technology, but I don't want to spend alot of money.
No more heroes 2 would be an interesting game to see run on this system ??
Hello everybody! Today I'd like to show off my latest project! It's called the Kill Mii
The buttons are kinda creeping me out idk why!! ??????
its a Minitendo !
The best thing I can do with an altoids tin is store my weed in it... awesome job!
now nintendo will release a new mini console version called the "wii mini" after watching this
Gotta run em All!
Wow interesting proof of concept. I think it's charm is that it's so restraining. The 10min charge. The missing buttons. The overheating. Good job!
DONT EVER tell me a company can’t do something because of limitations ever again
My God with proper manufacturing Nintendo could actually make the Wii classic mini just for money's sake
could you add a small port that carries 12v directly to the system, bypassing the battery circuit, so you can play as long as you want plugged in? then you'd need to improve the cooling...
This is so sad! Alexa, play Spiderman 2: Pizza Theme.
so what cant even run on my dads PC can run full speed in a tin? ok then
Pay me $20 and I'll take it off of your hands.
can u make it good?
How much do you charge!!
This is wonderful, great job.
I want to see you try this again but record the process. I get my dick hard by some soldering. Or don't, because I don't want you to kill yourself from the pain, haha.
The kiil mii
Ew.
You probably got more enjoyment out of the mints in the can then the Wii in the can
why didn’t u make something that sucked less
It's like a little BMO
Couldn't stop laughing after finding out it has 10 mins of playtime
Intresting name
I realize it would defeat the purpose but what if you didn't include a controller or battery, and therefore had room for a slightly bigger (maybe 16:9) screen? You'd have to hook it up to an external power source and carry a controller with it at all times, but it would actually be a sort of viable option for playing Wii and GameCube games on the go (or at least without worrying about finding a TV), especially if you added a little kickstand.
Please play wii sports and bowl on it in a public area
This is really creative!! I want to make something like this.
Everyone is talking about the project, but I'm just amazed by the soundstage of his mic. I watched with headphones and kept checking to see if the game audio was coming from my phone speaker.
This cant be real, but I want it to be so bad
Now put it into an altoids mini
Play super mario odyssey and sans fight on it just to see how bad the controls can get
I'd like to see Mario Galaxy played on this! That'd be really cool!
Next we'll find the cure for cancer in one of this guy's Altoids tins.
Stop degrading this. This is awesome.
I subscribed to Gman a long time ago, I watched this video without even knowing you two knew each other
It just need some cooling and triggers
Just because you could, doesn't mean you should.
HOW? just how????
I Think its fake why are you playing such a game?
I am so impressed! Awesome job, dude!
Can't wait for the Kill Mii 2
*Mind thinks (Realizes) Hey I can play “Dream Works, Super Star Kartz”
Does your voice normally sound so furious? Also I subbed.
but can it run wii shop channel?
But can you fit in a Wii controller
KiLl MiI...
Nintendo wants to: know your location
I came here to see the portable wii, but I ended up paying more attention on how you were playing smash bros.
Uhhhhhhh What?
But the real question is can you play mario galaxy?
This proves how much of a spectacle the Switch really is. People complain about 3 hours battery life, but to have it exist and be functional is really something. Can't wait to see what comes next.
That's so cool that works like you hacked up a wii and frankenstein it in a steam punk way
"Lasts about 10 minutes" "Takes a few hours to charge"
I've always wanted to do projects like this but I don't have the knowledge to do so. I'd love to learn though
Phone ringing Legend society called, it's for you.
Now fit it in a tomagachi
Its called the kill me
imagine seeing someone on a train or buss with this thing
EVO 2018
You should make a battery pack with a couple 18650s in plain old holders and make it look like the old school rechargable battery pack for the original Gameboy. It'd be rechargable by way of swapping 18650 when they die. ;) There has to be a dollar store Tupperware container of like shape+size that could be painted to look the part.
This made me grin from ear to ear. Thanks for doing this
Game cube X wii X MINT
This is beautiful
Your god.
Don't know why you don't like it. It looks like it's in mint condition.
Is it running 20XX or vanilla Melee?
Why the fuck not
This has to be a world record or something, worlds smallest working wii
1:22 got me spooked I panic when I hear that noise because I can't tell if it's my discord or a random instance of discord in the video
10-15 minutes charges in 1-10 hours
Now all we need is a hologram using a tin can
You sir are a legend
This is the minty pi 2.0
Oh god, Tactile Switches
Creates portable Wii Shows it off by playing a Gamecube game
Wow!!!
Can you plug it in, and play it or will it still run down to fast.
This is definitely out-worldly amazing. Great job man! ^^
But maaaannnn, what you made is FREAKING awesome, an entire Wii in such a tiny box!!! Congratulations!!
Lol. Nicely done, this is awesome.
Shut up and take my wii points :P.
I hate this but I love it but at the same time I hate it
Interesting. Is the screen the native res of the wii?
But can it have Altoids in it
Next week on fun mods to do in prison
This is fucking aweful i love it
absolute mad lad holy shit
Did you use your teeth to cut the holes?
Hello everybody, today i'd like to show off my latest project, its called KILL ME.
Do you think God stays in heaven because he too, lives in fear of what he's created? Holy shit I just realized I was the 77,777 view. Holy shit.
But.. how are you supposed to start the game if you broke the start button?
Very awesome, but the red box is bad
Now make a mini version called the Kill Miini
Not bad honestly...
this is seriously lit, epic just epic I know it isnt the best , but its the smallest portable i have seen yet lol
hope is not lost. The only downside is the fan and the battery. Get an old 10" netbook, gut it and wire it up if possible. Would be sick.
I love the name, its how i feel every day of the week
1:20 I looked to my left... Where the fuck did that ping come from.
This is horrible. I need one.
This project, as I can agree, horrible, but its unique. I have never seen such a device that small.
The fact that you have Melee in there makes me really want to watch someone try to do tech with this horrid thing
I've never been more intrigued and repulsed at the same time. LOL nice work dude!
Kill Mii.. kill me... Im not funny
Why is this actually my favorite thing?
Thats amazing. Honestly
Two 3ds consoles were risked to make this peice of shit
Mario sports mix
Welcome to year 20wiiwii
Play Oot on it
5:24 Some one had to do it so I had decided to torture myself Ah well, atleast a good product came in the end
oh oh no
Oh god
Please kill mii
I wish I could play Mario Kart Wii on the go with the Wii Wheel controls ;w; (don't hate me for using Wii Wheel controls please)
You're doing God's work man keep it up
But can it shield drop consistently?
That Wii expired Sept 18
This actually cool that you did a great job and within 10 or 20 years you can create a Portable Wii U or a switch system too
May I ask, what the fuck?
I'd love to see Xenoblade Chronicles run in ths little monstrosity
I seriously thought you had more subscribers, this is pretty impressive as well, so I may as well help you get another subscriber. Edit: and by what I mean by how its impressive is fitting such a small console into an even smaller thing with some level of playability, now to wait for a nintendo switch inside of something the size of a cigarette pack.
I love it.
Hello everyone today i show you my latest creation, the kill mii pulls out a glock
Damn... this is awesome, I was expecting an emulator but this blew my mind. Good job!
Next: "Can we fit a NASA supercomputer into an altoids can?" A year later Shank: "This is the Exploda-Shuttle"
These exist their called nintendo ds their just a glorified version of this XD
Can you modify a fat PS2
I get it. I understand why you made it. I find it beautiful though.
holy fucking shit
The GameBoy Wii Made with technology and junk from the trunk. So great! It's battery is the life support and it yells Kill Mii.
Can wii put a wii in a 3ds?
Now fit an xbox one x or ps4 pro
I’ll take 20
I can personally identify with pouring way too much time into something that you end up hating
"It's got a noose here and here... cuz it's called the Kill Mii." ded
YOU DID IT
when your childhood console can fit in an Altoids tin, your officially old
Attempts to play Xenoblade on this I imagine the thing would just explode in your hands. .-.
Sometimes we spend a lot of time wondering if we could, but not if we should -Shank
Ya know. If you made the battery last up to about 2-4 hours max I'd pay 100-150$ for this.
Play Wii Party
Scientists: trying to find a cure for cancer. Internet people: stuffing game consoles inside of mint box.
?? ?? ?? This is dope but why put it in Altoids tin ik you talked about your community thing but whyyy
How much do you have to hate yourself to make this.
Loved it so much i clicked the large red button!
"It's called the kill mii"
Could you charge your portable Altoid wii while playing it?
Bro thats pretty ZUCC
Yet Nintendo cant get GameCube virtual console on switch
This is the most amazing thing I have ever seen, so glad youtube recommended this. Also that discord notification around the 1:25 mark had me so confused for a good 5 minutes
How much.
could you program it to use the left analog stick as the wiimote and right analog stick as the nunchuk
That's is so cool....I wish I was this smart to build something like that.
I want one just to have something to show my friends when they come over. Me: Wanna see something nifty? Friend: I guess...? Me: Grins like a maniac as I dig through my drawer Friend: oh no Me: Pulls out weird af altoids tin Friend: Ummmmm Me: It's a Wii Friend: ....
Xenoblade!
Play smash competitively with this
You're a genius, bro. Forget aesthetics. It's even cooler like this... like a Mad Max case from the apocalypse.
At some point we stopped saying should we but could we
That's an extremely big waste of time
Thanks Reddit!
You were so obsessed with if you could, you didn't stop to think if you should
I can imagine being in school with this and someone either awkwardly asking me why I'm fiddling with an altoid can or ask me for an altoid and have none to give while holding the can in my hands
I died at 0:04
Next stop: Wii U in an Altos tin w/ disc drive. Kill Mii Too
You're the maddest lad of all the mad lads.
kill me
You should have oriented the screen and controls the other way and it would have been far less uncomfortable to hold and use.
A homemade gameboy that plays console games, amazing.
Can you replace the infrared sensor with just a lighter and have the fire be the infrared? I think that would really add to the experience.
This is great I mean your utter hate of the device is just comical hello from another small creator I am hitting the sub button right now good job my friend
No johns
Convince a speedrunner to play super mario galaxy or something in one sitting, as in, he plays for 10 minutes and sleeps during the charging breaks
Damn bro you need more subs. This is outstanding.
Everyone: holys shit this is impressive I thought this was impossible Shank: this shit absolutely sucks
h0w MuCH
next year we will see a commercial for this
Wii U in an Altoids can video when?
Need for Speed Most Wanted
I wanna see a compilation of every Wii game ever released running on this thing. I don't care if it takes 10 years. I just want to see the world burn.
Is this it? The greatest shitpost of all time?
I remember when a Wii portable was a laptop
That is a very pretty trash can
"THE KILL MII"
Please show off wii sports on this console
Good job??
Oh GWAD PLEASE KILL MII IT FUCKING HURTS
Dude get some 3D printed designs that allows airflow and make something more comfortable
Huh, what else are you gonna put in an Altoids tin, a GameCube!? (oh, wait...)
Made by Nintentoid
I thought it was just a Raspberry Pi. That is very impressive
That name is freaking priceless
you do realize that no matter how horrible you may think it is, it is still amazing to peoplelike me who think that consoles are made using magic
"Altoids tins hold everything except mints." -Some guy I can't remember the name of
I'll kill you if you Kill Mii.
The Gameboy Wii?
shockslayer, the same guy who made the perfect crystal version?
Oh look it's game boy micros cousin
New name: KiiWii
Kill mii plz
How can I do a kill mii
I'll take a dozen
Why my pii pii hard
Pls... Kill mii Not sorry
kinda want one just to play project m and confuse the shit out of my friends edit:well maybe with better battery and buttorn that wont give me arthritis
This is so cool, now I wonder if this main board can fit into a N3DS XL and use the controller layout better
People need to stop fucking with altoids
Wow pretty impressive. I’d like to see Pikmin 2 on it
Just 700+ subscribers... how?
Can we see inside it?
nice
Still better than the new Google phone lol
discord bloop @1:22
Wow, just wow
I’m glad you put yourself through this just for our sick enjoyment
It doesn't even look fun. I love that you accomplished this, but I can't even watch you talking about it because, as you described, it is the worst thing ever.
Next time build it INSIDE a controller
Imagine someone hacking the Nintendo switch apart and sticking it inside of an Nvidia Shield portable case
There is currently no way to officially play gamecube games portable except for luigi's mansion (unless im wrong)
So you can do this, but Nintendo can't make a battery that lasts more than 6 hours?
Play xenoblade on it
I would buy this if it was for sale
Terrible, yet excellent... Please put a better battery or im unsubscribing
Asking the only question that matters here; Is it for sale?
Wow I love the Wii, this is cool!
Shank mod Truth or Dare Dare: Make a Wii U inside of an Altoids tin Truth: Tell me the truth of if you’re making a Wii U inside an Altoids Tin
TOTALLY NOT FAKE (not clickbait)
You just proved that we could’ve had Nintendo Micro Switches
Kill Mii: The console for Sadboys
Good name lmao
how to get rsi
Can you put a gc port on it so that you do not have to hold it?
Props to you for using Melee as an example. This is amazing.
Mario Kart Wii plz and thank you Yay now I'll need a return address or a coffin if you'll send that to me I can send whichever breaks first me or a Wii from hell (there's not much a difference)
3:43 imagine playing competitive melee with this
Thanks for offering us the ability to make it ourselves. Time to put it in a GameCube controller, so it's functional.
kinda scary to see melee on an altoids tin
The box says alto but his voice says kill mii
Wii stick? Lol
What the actual fuck. I love it
1:23 Checked discord because of this
You poor soul.
IT’S CALLED THE KILL ME
you can't store a wii in such a small space. it makes it bad.
This is amazing and horrible simultaneously.
This probably will hurt alot to play
Haha. The video was released on my birthday ??
How can you run melee on a wii?
Can you show us the sensor bar in action?
Imagine this in an altoids mini container??
LMFAO! Looks like you could cut your fingers playing it. I gotta look into this PortablizeMii tho, I have some spare Wiis to FFFF up!
It’s battery life rivals that of the Sega Game Gear
Whoever held the beer you gave him when you decided to spend all this time making this creation has dropped it and owes you a keg.
Wow, nice. I still hate it but, nice.
who else thought they got a discord message at 1:23
How much???
next up: wii in a bic lighter
Wii U gamepad Altoids tin
I'm leaving earth
Probably would've been better if you made a custom ergonomic case and used soft press buttons. :/ I really hate those tactile buttons
Wii? More like Why amirite
And people spend money on the Switch. Fools.
You are really mad scientist
Great
Is that my dog barking in the background?
Looks like we have discovered the perfect device for shovel-ware It dies before you can hate the games you play too much, saving you from the terribleness of the software thanks to the terribleness of the hardware A true beauty
Looks like something out of Fallout
I had a dream of a wii knock-off console which was an actual wii but inside of a single Wii Remote with a built-in teeny screen. This reminded me so much of that.
Now this is epic
Pretty cool as a project just to see how far these case mods can be pushed. Melee is my favorite game of all-time, too.
I heard the discord sound at 1:23 and was confused. :P On a more serious note, I think it would be interesting if you could load the ".iso file" equivalent of the home menu on there, just to complete the package. :D
Better fan + better controls + better battery = an amazing, sexy wii portable
How long can it last plugged into the charger?
This is actually a cool concept, sloppy, but cool. It would be great to just make the wii hardware inside of the tin, and be able to use it as a console rather than just the portable. It'd almost be like the SNES classic but tiny and a lot more powerful. You'd probably also be able to fit more and have it properly ventilated without the controls or screen in the way maybe. Now time to wait for someone else to suffer doing that
Ill buy that for 500$.
play through an entire game on that
You should build it into a wiimote.
how small can you compact a 3ds? can you fit one in a tic tac container?
1:23 anyone else think it was their discord going off
I think you may have voided your warranty
....Build guide when?
I see too much free space in there. I think it’s high time a new wii mainboard was developed, with components scavenged from a proper wii in a super dense layout. This altoids tin thing is fine and dandy, but the altoids mini tin is clearly the endgame here.
Real quickly though, can you make a Wii U on the go with out bringing a console with you? It’d be pretty cool.
“Portable Wii” plays Melee
This is awesome
Y tho
Amazing build. But if it takes a few hours to charge, it's not charging at 1C, that's not how C ratings work. You don't mention the battery capacity, but at that size I doubt its more than 500mah. Charging that at 500ma... for an hour, should fill it, and that is a 1C charge.
your dog barking in the background
When are going to get 1 million subs
I have GOT to see Mario Galaxy on that thing.
But can you do ten perfect had dashes in a row.
Are you okay?
You really can fit anything in an Altoids tin...
Man guys shoot some hoops with the boys on their day off. This guy builds a portable Nintendo Wii
i love how much i despise, yet wish i had this
KILL MII
Holy crap! I thought you were going to use a Raspberry Pi or something like that. Man, this is impressive. Good job.
Make the battery at least 2 hours
put a wii in a first gen psp
This is so cool
Turn on the captions 0:03 ?_?
I'd love to see it with video/audio out, as well as the capability to run off of wall power. Either way, this is absolutely remarkable.
if you're looking to get rid of it, i'll take it for you
What would be better is this idea but without the screen and buttons so you have a portable wii to connect to TVs
It's cool. Why no 3d printed case though?
the YouTube recommendation bot never disappoints
1:23 legit checked my discord when i heard that
My dream of putting a Wii into a GameCube is becoming a reality
shouldve just made a mintypi lol
I like the name xD
3ds in an altoids tin when
Im just confused, is everything alright at home? (Jk, this is really sick tbh)
I love how you can tell that the infrareds aren't working or that this is all faked up as if they were you'd see light on the camera. (Try it with a TV remote or the Wii sensor bar)
Play mkw online on it or riot
That's actually pretty amazing!
Amazing work!
can it play battletoads?
Show this to zero and tell him to play melee on this thing
He could still beat me in melee with that tiny ass screen
If it's possible, put the l/r buttons on the top. Also, one way you can extend the battery life is to have an external battery.
What an incredible waste of time. You could have totally just played fortnite.
I'm thinking about making a handheld pi or ps2 without a battery, just plug it in. I'm never on a train or somewhere I would need a battery
do you think god keeps us out of heaven because he, too, so hates what he has created
Shockslayer would be proud
lmao what
is it tournament legal tho?
Wow, I was honestly expecting a shitty Raspberry Pi like always
1:22 @everyone
Tutorial? Jk. I couldn't imagine how difficult it would be to make. It would be cool if someone did show how tho.
so are the mints the disks?
You know the rule: No Johns.
Play Tales of Symphonia on that. Best way to experience an RPG? obviously on an Altoids tin
Welp...
do you think in 2 or 5 years to look back at this and maybe improve the battery life and think of ways if everyone wanted this if there were a way to mass produce these then you'd get rich off this joke.
Lol 2025 called they want their aaaaaaawqw back
I saw a twitter post about this and I thought I was a joke, there wasn’t a way this could work. Well... I’m amazed
The feel when you want really one but the only thing you'll be fitting in an Altoids tin are your entire life savings. Thanks University.
this is amazing what the heck????
atleast the battery life is pretty good :))))
Altoads
Thank God for Raspberry Pi, because this is what we'd all have to do.
Could you put maybe some instructions in the description, i'd love to put a wii in an altoids tin. Not like a portable device that you have, just shrinking the box so i can plug up an altoids tin to my tv and play smash bros
I hate it :D
Amazing work.
Kill me
I saw you post it on Reddit just a few days ago and I’m astounded you had the patience to do this. I’d have to question the sanity behind it, but it’s interesting.
Oh man
I saw you post it on reddit.
1:22 Everyone watching this video checked there Discord, don't even lie.
Meleeeeeeeeee
Your move, Nintendo.
This is absolutely the dumbest and stupidest thing that I've seen and I love it. I want one. This has actually inspired me to create, so I'll brainstorm ideas. Man, holy crap, I probably have as many questions about the hardware as I do about your motives lol Keep doing things like these, this is the kind of nonsense that keeps me smiling.
Nintendo: "We don't support emulations of our consoles." Shank: "Ok." Tears apart Wii and puts it in an Altoids can
Why could you have been the new host of the been heck show?
When you give a promise that is nearly impossible
this hurts and makes me feel, really bad inside
you sound like broccolipoisoning
You should consider redoing this or rewiring the current board into a more realistic/comfortable Wii mini, perhaps model the controls over the classic controller or GCN controller.
I know this is irrelevant to this video, but the audio is great. I though the sound from the Kill Mii was coming from my phone despite me wearing headphones. You bamboozled me real good.
Can it run project M?
Grandma puts a sewing kit in a cookie container, Grandson puts a Wii in an Altoids tin. I love it, amazing work.
ShockSlayer? As in Pokemon Crystal Clear ShockSlayer??
I want you to make me another one for me
WHYYY
I commend you for your efforts!
"It's called the Kill Mii." Hey, I'll take seventeen.
Everyone thought about if they could, and not about if they should.
If you played it with it plugged into a charger could you continue to use it indefinitely with out killing the battery ,like a phone?
Play House of the Dead Overkill, House of the Dead 2 and 3 Reaturn, or some other light gun games. I'd love to see what happens.
But the Switch cant run N64 full speed yet ????
Dude, why? This is too funny.
Holy WHAT
As cool as it is, I’m not a fan of using custom OS’s for projects like these. That’s the main reason why I didn’t like other projects like these such as the Varia Cube or the DS-inside-a-Game-Boy-Advance. I guess I kind of consider it cheating.
"Its called the Kill Mii" a intro to out beat Zombieland Sega
Fake. I can see the aftereffects editing.
I love this
My favorite part is all the jagged edges around the screen
commentary is a bit lacking. saying the same things twice for example. can't you just use a better battery? why play Melee instead of Brawl?? didn't even show it running a Wii game. I think it would be a good idea to do another video showing a few Wii games, show how the motion controls still work.
what the hell, that looks amazing. not the worst thing ever by far.
Play Metroid Prime 3
Make one in a tic tac packet
people in school be like "Nibba why you pressing yo altoids"
the name is ironic
I'll buy it
How could I start learning about this stuff? I would like to be able to do things like this ??
Kill Mii
The biggest plus is that on such tiny screen the graphics look AMAZING
How come when you guys make portable Wiis and want to show off the Wii gams, you only show off the GameCube aspect of it and play GameCube games? Aren't there portable GameCubes that can be made as small as a Gameboy nowadays?
The message beep at 1:23 confused me so much.
The Wii runs at 6W? That doesn't sound right. Everywhere I've read says the Wii pulls around 15W at full load, and the Wii U pulls a little over 30. A typical high-end smartphone pulls 5-6W, and the Switch pulls 9W undocked. *e: spelling
That discord notification at 1:23 fooled me
What is this "community" you keep referencing?
Wouldn't even get passed the first cut scene in sunshine
Do wii sports
But can it run Crysis?
????????? ??????
Metroid Prime Trilogy. God save you trying to play Prime 2.
try playing fire emblem path of radiance or radiant dawn on this thing
BAN THIS SICK FILTH
Speed run Mario 1 before the battery dies
ily
Y I K E S
10 minutes of play time, several hours to charge. I love it.
You're a pioneer in a field not well known.
Sick, like melee
It's completely useless but I'll be damned if it's not the most impressive mod I've ever seen
play that wii sports sword fighting game on it
I didnt think inanimate objects could know death. But now I know they can crave it.
So when are you gonna run a long JRPG like Xenoblade or The Last Story? /shot
I’m surprised the start button broke off instead of the any a,b,x,y buttons lol
I'd say it's a nice proof of concept. With a better form factor, this could be something not as horrible.
In a dystopian future this could be the only portable gaming module on Earth.
Awesome! Thank you so much for sharing it with us, OP!
But can it play Despacito?
This upsets me deeply.
1:22 I checked my discord...
This thing is fucking awful. I'll give ya $10,000 for it.
It is.. the best thing in r/diWHY
I've never seen a man spend a year creating something of his own volition, and hate the outcome with such conviction
Why do you do this to yourself?
Genesis/SNES in Altoids mini?
For some reason, listening on my headphones, it sounds like this thing is right in front of me. Crazy.
The virgin Nintendo Switch vs. the CHAD Kill Mii
"Kill Mii" sounds like the name of homebrew made to stress test a Wii.
Wii Classic Edition prototype LEAKED!
I want to compliment your mix set up. Listening on good headphones on my phone I literally questioned if my phone was playing the game music but your voice was in ear. Fantastic audio.
I hate how this runs smoother than some modern full scale gaming consoles >:(
Absolutely top notch shit post, sir
Show us Wii Tennis on it. And, if it's possible with homebrew or virtual console , it would be hilarious to see a GameBoy game ran on this thing.
Try New Super Mario Bros.Wii or Mario Kart
I'm working on doing the omgwtf trim on an old spare wii I have. I'm thinking about trying to stuff it in a wavebird. Also: this is hecking neat, but also terrible. Thank you for doing this so no one else had to.
Came here from reddit, good job that's pretty neat lol.
Nice Video that is an amazing portable Wii!
the mixture of pure genuis and pure insanity
That Wii seems to be in mint condition to me.
Impressive that you were able to win with those controls
play wii sports resort
How is the Wii board that small??
KillMii... I'm going to need a really tall ladder...
I think I should make a Wii laptop
what a lovely name
That is crazy, I love it
This is so awesome dude!!! really good work <3
Thought I was slightly insane when I heard Discord go off at 1:22. Great portable though.
CEO“Make a handheld capable of running full console games” Programmers “I’m sorry sir that’s simply not possible” CEO “SHANK WAS ABLE TO BUILD THIS IN HIS HOUSE! WITH A BUNCH OF SCRAPS!”
You can convert some claw grips for phones and make it horizontal to get an even better load-out
Fit it in something the size of a calculator and u will be rich!!!
this doesn't look easy to use. Couldn't you play some 3D game like super mario galaxy? That would make it seem a lot more awesome than some 2D platform game. You probably didn't because it's hard to use these controls for 3D
One question: "Why?"
This is just a genius project.
This is so fucking stupid. I want one.
Did anybody else check for a Discord notification at 1:24?
Would like to see two people try and play a multiplayer game at once on it
Can you make a portable wii fit?
how just... whoa this is amazing also now that this is finaly done can u do some more videos
Tech Heresy. The inquisition will be at your door
What the fuck, this is so ridicu-- ?'?? ???? 10
thanks, i hate it
Can't wait to go to a tourney and hear "Alright, you're on setup number Altoid Tin"
100th comment
thanks, it's terrible! excellent work, I'm legitimately impressed!!
Dude we gotta get Steven to try this
Blue tin can master race
Tic tacs next
Minted
Your move Nintendo, Wii Classic Selection on Switch when?
Thanks for taking my request ;))
How did you learn to do all those I'm very Interested in doing this
tfw you create something so blessed and cursed at same time
This is a fucking nightmare... I love it!
I love how this guy can make a portable Wii yet Nintendo can’t even put a simple virtual console on the switch. Nice work
I'm here from reddit and Holy shit
We're really living in the future
Play Twilight Princess
I would love to see Skyward Sword on this thing
Idk if you read the comments but I'd like to know how much this cost to assemble. Its awesome
Amazing.
That's cool, but the real question : Can it play Doom ?
I despise you, but love you at the same time for creating this abomination...10/10 good video
"Alto: Curiously Strot"
A joke that took a year to get to the punchline. Bravo.
Yeah, I have a question... Just...... why??
I would've appreciated if the disc was halfway inserted in the tin and spun vigorously.
absolutely incredible, i'm losing my mind. i hate it so much. please play guitar hero wii on this.
Watch this actually get used at Melee tournaments now
Smh not even a cinnamon tin
That is amazing! I love that you actually did it!
Are altoid tin gamecube controls tournament legal?
Ok this is epic. Great job!
Thanks, I understand how Luddites feel now
title claims this is a portable wii but you’re playing a gamecube game smh 2/10
Play Smash Bros Brawl on it! Also show examples of using wireless controllers like you mentioned (Wii remote, nunchuck, Wii Pro controller?)
Introducing the New Nintendo Wii XS
Bonkers. Absolutely impractical and useless madness. Well done. Now take my money! ??
Try Mario Galaxy on it or Wii Party
can i buy it
I want it
The only true way to play melee.
"You were so preoccupied with wheather or not you could do this, that you didn't stop to think if you should."
sonic adventure 2, can we go beyond sonic memes with this jank-ass system
I didn't hate this until you played Melee on it. Unforgivable.
Is that the new Raspberry pi?!
This looks like a huge headache to make LMAO great job
Nice
Can it run crysis ?
9:00 "Am I allowed to john about my controller?" No, just learn the matchup. Kappa
Why ?
As long as it can play the Kung Fu Panda Wii game it'll be a worthy investment.
absolute mad lad
This is actually insane. Awesome.
You should make one, but use a Wii u game pad as the case, I think that'd be cool
does it get hot enough to cook an egg on
does it have DK bongo support?
It's... It's beautiful
Underviewd
Take this to a tournament
Nice.
This makes me want a GBA version, or even a GBC version... WiiBA anyone? WiiBC?
Can I just ask, are you ok man? You really sounded like you wanted to end yourself in the video. Granted you called the project the Kill Me so I suppose it speaks for itself.
Thanks I hate it
please play metroid prime trilogy
i love how much you hate this
This is the most ridiculous, yet most awesome thing I’ve ever seen. Good work!
This man almost lost to a level 1 Kirby
but the real question is: can it run doom
"Can it fit into an Altoids tin?" Yes. "But should you put it in an Altoids tin?" Absolutely not.
0:33 I thought there was a dog barking in my backyard at 2 in the morning
"Hey can I have a mint... oh wait"
This is amazing. Would you consider putting it up for auction?
This is a war crime
everything about this is iconic
Still better than a ps vita
I'll trade you a psp
I wonder if it's possible to add a better battery/fan. Portable compact Wii sounds fun.
ill take one in the tangerine tin please
here before this blows up
Glorious
"You're Batshit Insane" RADN, 2015