WOW! that is a lot of bees!
camera man john's eyes at 8:57
Use a Geneva mechnism
Totly wasted the time
i have that t-shirt, i got it from kohls
Part 2?
It’s sad to see how much he lost
That's a crazy pattern generator though
VIDEO RUINED I HAD A TIC TOCK ADD
"Nya" is Japanese for Meow
That's a nice house he's in lol
I NEED THIS MOVIE
I'd like to see a part two with a "new and improved" iteration...
Hey, for version 2, I suggest you cut out garbage bag plastic to go over the disk. it will block out ALL light
Your bees show sounds like something from rick and morty
that can't beee in there 0:38
thats a lotta bees
Does he clean his house once in a while???? :p
You can get that cereal box paperboard from Costco they don't mind if you just pull out the sheet in between the toilet paper stacks and take it home Don't ask me how I know
Please tell me I can see that bee documentary in full somewhere
So Cool!  I have been promising myself to get into this N.B.T.V. hobby but so far no time.  I think I would go with a drum monitor instead of a disk for the bigger picture.  Hey dig the idea of the FLOWDAC a digital computer that computes with air , patent 3190554 . https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5qgxsJp8MZk&t=699s  Move the slider to about 10:00 something and nice lady Fran explains all.   Patent 672256, 3013505 .
Imagine the minds that came up with this tech on their own from scratch! Crazy
bee-utiful
0:32 that's a lot of damage
10/10 would science fair again
You need a t shirt that says that’s a lot of bees
THATS A LOT OF BEEEEES
You sound so much like peanutbuttergamer!
zzzzzzzzz “Maybe we shouldn’t push it that hard” ..... BRRRRRZZZRRZRZRZRRRZZRZR
I need a shirt boi #savetheshirtless
Y is everyone focused on the bees
Is your BEEEEEEEEES documentary for sale
"WoW, Thats alota bees!" -"that is alot of bees."
he's like the older counterpart to micale reeves
What a fucking serial killer to have a cord going across a walkway like that, only serial killers do that.
WOW! THATS ALOT OF BEESWOW! THATS ALOT OF BEESWOW! THATS ALOT OF BEESWOW! THATS ALOT OF BEESWOW! THATS ALOT OF BEESWOW! THATS ALOT OF BEESWOW! THATS ALOT OF BEESWOW! THATS ALOT OF BEESWOW! THATS ALOT OF BEESWOW! THATS ALOT OF BEESWOW! THATS ALOT OF BEESWOW! THATS ALOT OF BEESWOW! THATS ALOT OF BEESWOW! THATS ALOT OF BEESWOW! THATS ALOT OF BEESWOW! THATS ALOT OF BEESWOW! THATS ALOT OF BEESWOW! THATS ALOT OF BEES
William Osman marking something that took normal humans years and here’s using plywood
Bro I could have just given you a TV
Did this man really use a laser to cut cardstock ?
beeeeees
Could someone explain me why there are bees in his tv?
i’m new to watching his stuff what’s with him and bees he adds stuff about bees in a lot of videos
Gg
I want a shirt that would be so cool
I kind of love William's earlier videos, like this one.. They're more focused than the newer stuff.
tHeREs A bEE?!!
Nintendo Labo
I want a full video of "Wow that's a lot of bees!", please make it happen.
is this where his bee obsession started?
My 8-year old after 1 minute of this: "I don't want to science." 
This video is smarter than the lasts ones.
where to cat shirt?
Maybe I got lucky but mine worked perfect on the first try
You kinda look like Aaron paul
Can we just watch more of the bees
okay, wrong video to say this on, but this man deserves more attention. he has great and entertaining ideas but it is limited by resources, especially after his house burnt down and he lives in a mobile home. He feels guilty about all the attention he's been given, but I want to see this man get funding and do awesome things. I think you deserve more attention, Will.
That's a Lot of Bees is my favorite show
Mystical hair shortening halfway through the vid
That's a lotta damage!
Pray for that crt
Happily watching William Osman videos instead of studying for my electronics exam coming up
I need this t-shirt in my life. Where do I get one?!?!
Pssst Osman, psst saa diyom Osbik
Is “Wow That’s a Lot of Bees!” from interdimensional cable perhaps?
I love it when he explains shit and I have no idea what's he is saying
Many beees
Part 2?
that bee thing looked like an ad from interdimensional cable
We need the full vision of wow that's a lot of bees
You’re like Jesse from Breaking Bad’s smart brother.
can i have some tattoos please ?
I would love to see a new iteration of this if you get the chance
Rip crt
Please do the version 2 already, I loved this.
Byeet
Spray paint?
wouldn't a ridged disk work better?
Just bee-utifull
dude your so talented you deserve more money and better stuff
Should have used spray paint you dingus haha
I watched 40 seconds of this at 4 am and I don't feel sleepy anymore...
Wait, theres a beeeeeee?????????? Actually where is part 2
I don't need all the extra information I just want to know if I can watch R rated movies on it?
I need the full “WOW! That’s a lot of bees!” Series to be put on Netflix right now.
make a machine that make pickles slice themselves
I came back to see tge house again
Nice
Maybe camera man John put those bees in the tv
A speedrunner could've bought that tv
My mom has the same cat shirt in the beginning
dude.. you took 4 days to paint the wheels black?? Did you hear about spraypaint? :DDD
We need this again, this was sick
Hay James
2:09 I'm Gloria Borger and you are watching PewNews
does it play melee though?
Version 2 pls? :3
5:14
Can you just release Wow that's a lot of bees as a standalone video lol
William, are you a MUSLIM? You and I share the same last name, but I've never known a white person with that last name. Not trying to sound racist at all, just interested.
He looks a lot like Aaron Paul
Can we talk about all of those bees tho?
R I P house
Do a v2 in 2018 now
Awesome. 3:16 why the Howtobasic.
I don't know if it existed then, but you could've used vantablack.
holy shit yes, love mechanical tvs
Haircut at 7:04
That poor crttv ;-;
That crt
I NEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEED B EEEEE shirt
I've "discovered" your channel lately and have been watching your videos uploaded around the time your house burned down (sad face implied). I even subscribed... But then I saw this one and remembered I've seen and enjoyed it already. Why didn't I subscribe back then? Weird...
Rip CRT
I'm glad I subscribed to interdimensional cable.
Aww, that TV didn't get to burn down with your house. Damn bees!
Now he doesn't have anything YEET
Holy shit that's a lot of bees!
I know I'm a year late, but thanks Will's new neighbors!
"Maybe we shouldn't push it that hard." VWRHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRR
Coming back at ya with another one of them block rockin bees...
the image of William in the plastic is actually really cool and arty
Make a toilet that when you flush it, it just sprays it all back out, but is just for the those hot days, or if another bad fire happens it can be an extinguisher.
were there actually that many bees in there
It's been a year Osman! make a part 2!
You dumb bitch. Just because you dye something black doesn’t mean less light will go through it. How about painting the fucking disk in a metallic paint that actually WILL block light you dumb bitch. Dumb fucking bitch.
don't throw or break crt tvs beause if u break open the tube toxic mercury gas and chemicals will come out
The second he said "lets use a brushless motor" I knew it was a squirrel cage and he was gonna burn it out!
Toast cat shirt :D is mah favourite. My cat hates toast ??
FREEEEEE SHIT!!!
W O W T H A T S A L O T O F B E E S
I'm so happy even though knuckles could not find the way anywhere else than in our hearts (R.I.P knuckles 2013-2018)
Someone needs to hook this man up to justin roiland
B E E S
All the retro video gamers are crying over the loss of another CRT.... I LOVE IT!!!! It was a lot of bees.
Why would you break the tv it was bee powered that is normal the bees power the tv
It's always cool to learn your favorite YouTubers like the same stuff you do. I didn't know anybody else watches "That's A Lot of Bees", but it's really a quality show.
I didnt get any of this. Still enjoyed it tho
Making an old-timey tv with modern technology.
4:08
Wow I didn’t know he had inter-dimensional cable
I want more WOW! thats a lot of bees. Now pls
Meh..."WOW! That's A Lot Of Bees!" totally jumped the shark two seasons ago.
Did you go to Uni to do any of this or are you just risking everything?
The mechanical tv was too noisy, thats why it failed. Like yours.
Thanks to you, I thought I had bees in my parents tv and did the same thing you did. Except i couldnt lift the counsole tv over my head, so I put my foot through it. My dad threw me out. He wont talk to me now.
Still waiting on iteration 2
All your shirts are awesome
5:15 there was an accident.
maybee it's time for a Mk 2?
LAZER TIME! PEW PEW PEW PEW pew pew
How I watch William Osman Videos: William: The way this mechanical Television will work Me :I... William: ITS LAZER TIME Me: MUFUCKIN LAAZUUUUUUUURSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSS WOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOH!!!!!!
*Horrible splintery mess* "That looks good." <3
3:56 I have the same adapter!! I use it for my Helios 44-2. Super dank lens. Try it out if you get the chance!
Legend says that TV was defeated by william
The narrator of “Wow! That’s a Lot of Bees” sounds like Mr.Poopy Butthole.
Guys did you here they are making a remake of Wow That's A Lot Of Bees!
Should have just used some black plastic or painted it, hindsight is 20/20 though
This dude gets the Justin Roiland brand of humour.
Do part 2!
that intro makes me believe you live in some rick and morty universe
WOW! (That's a lot of bees...)
stick the sharpie up your pooper!
That was the day the CRTV television died
why didn't you just spay paint the disc ?
Was there ever a 2.0 version of this?
William is my spirit animal
Wouldn't synchronisation be easier if the camera disc and the TV disc were the same size?
I don't understand how any of this works
every melee player cries rn
please upload a full episode of thats a lot of bees
Everything in thats alot of bees sounds like it's from interdimensional cable
The curvature is off because of the disk diameter difference.
wow willy i love you im rluyy drunk tho
He never got to v2
I've watched this 9 times
1:00 what’s the song
Is that the Brea Dam?... In Fullerton?
I need to see bees, a lot of them, in EVERY EPISODE!!
“I gotta fart” fart
dick fart
you would be a great teacher, you could just show them some of your vids.
I hope your nice neighbours are okay since the fire!
WELCOME BACK TO, THAT'S A LOT OF BEES!
What in the fuck you’re a genious!
2:56 gulp
I feel bad about the fire mmmaaaannn
This is my favorite video on youtube.
the tv seen better days
gas springs on the hood for your laser cutter are mounted upside down :( (the cylinder body should be facing up, not piston rod up)
Is your house uhhhh beter dont know is that the right word uhh can you rebuild it or something
So black spray paint was less available than fountain ink reservoir?
its interesting how the popularity of the mechanical TV has resurged in the last couple of years. I guess there are others out there that are interested in the same thing at the same time
I just noticed there’s a freaking Aperture Science logo on his PC.
What is that bee thing from?
This was frustrating to watch
he's one of those dudes that play around a lot but are literal geniuses
Can you try melting a gallium by lazer
While I was watching the bee intro a bee went into my ear.
that first wheel looked like an orange
wait was there really bees
I don't know why but 0:37 gets me every time
0:37 Don't you just hate it when that happens
Can i get the full series of "WOW! That is a lot of bees"?P.S That os a lot of bees!!!
Its sad watching this
Why hello there, I have a new haircut ??????
Man I love your videos! They're keeping me sane right now
Me watching his videos: Wut? Umm... English please?
You should revisit this project
Can i watch porn on it
Your house will on forever on youtube
Does anybody else just want to clean his home?
Hollup he just threw a TV onto a gas line.
Glad you trashed that old CRT, one less thing to catch on fire.
Very sexy
You sound like a character on rick and morty during the bee show
Lol 2:52 ??
Dibs on this guy when the world goes to shit. Y'all will be in the stone age while I'm playing Doom on a mechanical TV...
maybe you will have better luck with a mirror...
Im actually in love with you. Wow.
Your bee voice sounds exactly like mr.meeseeks!!!
You should just buy a TV with less bees in it next time. XD Well done, by the way, sometimes a project might not yield a super satisfying conclusion, but at least you learned a lot, and got to practice lots of creative engineering. :)
Your just asking for a paper cut
"Hey where do you want me to put these knives?" Me: Just put it 'nyah'.
Get the parts from the Narrow-bandwidth Television Association club on line. or buy a MUTR televisor kit.easy to build.
WOAH NOE NOT THE BEEES NOT THE BEEES AAAAHHHHHHHHHHHHHH O NOE MY EYEEES MY EYEEES
What channel do I find the Bee show?
i own that cat tee shirt
Rick and Morty who?
Lmao i thought it was me for a second but them im like dude this is like my second video here XD
You should do a wow that's alot of bees episode with Justin Roiland
"why is everything such a struggle" -William Osman 2017 that has to be my favourite quote of all time
7:20 reminds me of watching the Spice channel back in the 90’s.
Hellow pipel of eart build mi a rc UFO that can drive and fly
Make a robot that has a laser that ignites fireworks that looks like a cat
Anyone else not really understand what he is doing but still enjoy it
Your house is a mess! LOL
Will it would be a whole lot more simple if you bought a new tv
Is it retina?
RIP old tv april18 2017
that’s a lot of bees
Hi william do you now my name is wilhelm in german in english means william
Philo T. Farnsworth is turning in his grave
MAKE VERSION 2 YOU BITCH
make V2!
This might be the most entertaining channel on YouTube.
When the lady pops up, "Wow, that's a HUGE bee!"
Please do a working versio of this!
Great build! now put an (passive) IR sensor in place of the photo transistor and a UV sensor and... if you are really smart (and a lot more work) a WIFI antenna in the aperture. Then you can see your room lit up by radio waves. That is a challenge :-D
Say hi and thanks to that neighbor for me
When are we getting terrible TV 2.0?
Now that you have looked at mechanical things, you can now look at my nature videos! Everyone, please watch my little nature videos. There is no talking in them. Shhh!
I honestly subscribed just because of the intro
No joke, I had that tv at the beginning that he broke when I was like 9, btw I’m 12
Ahhh yes, my grandpapa told me of these tvs from the early 20th century that used microchips, wiring, and circuit boards
I gotta fart ??
were you to trying and show off to the ladies
This mofo just make a tv? Lol. Golden!!!
OH NO NOT THE BEES! NOT THE BEES! AUGHHHHH! AUGHHHHHHHHH!
This bee show should be on interdimensional tv
It's so crazy how back that this mechanical tv was the only way, and now we just have this super magical device that we watch videos from now.
Cgi
I want a shirt that’s says “Wow! That’s a LOT of Bees!”
crt lives matter
He is actually pretty smart
can i get a free t-shirt if i live in canada?
R u poor
Why does that “that’s a lot of bess” remind me of “ants in my eyes Johnson” from rick and morty ??
Ayo Will I'm looking at creating a movie length feature of "that's a lot of bees" contact me for info I need you to clear this for copyright etc (dw im messin, but please make that)
Man hurry up on mark 2
Where has this channel been all my life
please make part 2!!!
I have the exact same shirt. ??
Why so little subs
were thoughts bees real XD
I have the shirt you're wearing in this one :)
This channel is awesome, teach me your ways!
4:08 HE'S A NEKO
How did you get inter-dimensional cable?
randomly pick me for a shirt! ??
Make a Babbage Engine out of different kinds of fruit
7:05 boom hair cut~~~~!!!!!!
Omg please finish it i was waiting for this one
You Should make a lightsaber
“Maybe we shouldn’t push it that hard” pushes it harder
try 3d printing parts with a 3d printer the laser is not the best option
Hey William can you revisit this project, I think it would be cool to see what you can do now.
wow where is the v2? :(
Black poster board would have been a good idea lol
in a world where black spraypaint doesn't exist...
“Bee orgy” - William Osman 2017
When is version two out!?!!
Wow those bees
This man is brilliant but has he never heard of paint??
you must be a gamer
Did the bees you freed make more shirts?
Wtf do you do with all this knowledge?
please what CAD software do you use? :)
Laser cut a wearable Nicholas Cage mask... With a lot of bees
Osman what do you do as a person besides making videos. You seem very smart so I'm wondering what you do as a career/what you studied in college or university.
Your partner must have amazing patience
I like your new neighbors.
The sad part is there isn't a lot of bees.
I wish this video had more cows
make a machine that does nothing useful at all!
love jour nyaaaah
I think the government bought William's filmmaker thing here, studied its mechanics, built a tape recorder from the same materials William used, and filmed all of their space recordings with it.
https://i.imgur.com/EeAV0R3.jpg
Whats the Original of "wow thats a Lot of Bees"??? I need to know
I like ur Vids senpai"3
"William Osman creates headphones" "William Osman creates a Disney Film" "William Osman lands on the moon"
Wait, how did you get those bees into the TV?
hia
U did better than ben heck
This is impossible for me to comprehend wtf
Interested to see how v2 pans out.
I am very stupid so I like smart people to do things for me
My beard has a beard crush on your beard.
WTF WHY DID YOU KILL A CRT WE NEED THOSE!!! Kill a shitty LCD screen instead ;_;
plz put download link for WOW! that is a lot of bees!
Use that 'holoclock' design to make a small monitor that plays tetris using THREE L.E.Ds (rgb)
WOW, THAT'S A LOT OF BEEEES
Awe cool !! I had no idea someone invented a mechanical television. Is that ever neat ! Dude , those bees coming outta your TV when you smashed it looked pretty real. Was it CG or did that actually happen ?
Solid works > inventor
This is really cool.
Yay for Williams's new neighbors! ??
DUDE I HAVE THAT SAME SHIRT
What's this!? A delightful family picnic strictly lacking in BEES!? More BEES should put a stop to this!!!
All of these parts look like hungry frog emojis.
This is amazing :D
0:37 totes real bees
You became my favourite channel within 2 hours of me finding you
You should totally do a better v2
He has a laser, about 3 computers, and wood and other supplies. Yet he doesn't have a TV
not quite like yours, could be the root problem though, try foil or mylar tape for light blocking https://youtu.be/RdYHljZi7ys
Make a second version
Look at that bee it hungry
That TV you broke had a considerable amount of lead in it. Hopefully you cleaned it up.
How does one even get that many bees in a tv????????
omg william u watch thats a lot of bees too ?!
This idea may have already been posted, but I don't know, also I am completely lost when it comes to this level of genius, but here goes nothing. Since the wheels are different sizes but are using the same motor, wouldn't that cause the larger disc to rotate a little slower? Since it has a larger surface area? In my eyes this could possibly fix the improper alignment issue, but probably not. Also if you're reading this William I love your content!!
I would like somebody to diy his studio and make it organized
fav yutuber
anyone notice the haircut he got?
You promised the toaster full of bees was the last bee joke!
MAKE IT SO THE LAZER MAKES LAZER SOUNDS!!!!!!!! THUMB UP!!!!!!!!!
Work on Gen 2!!!! :D
Is that an Aperture logo on the PC Tower?
I'm literally so in love with you.
WOW! THAT'S A LOT OF BEES
were those bees real?
We need the video wow that's a lot of bees
Thank god for the laser cutter because I don't think William is very good with scissors
Wow that's a lot of bees sounds like something from Rick and Morty
8:43 couldve just covered the holes and just drill new ones
Man William, your channel is an amazing combination of ridiculous nonsensical comedy and incredibly high-level engineering intelligence and skill. Carry on!
Wat?
HOW CAN YOU WORK IN THERE
What's your home screen on your computer??!
cool i got highlighted
Not sure if you're smart or a complete moron, I'm getting mixed feelings
you sir are comically brilliant
Why don't you try to make this out of wood or metal?
Wow, dude. Why do you have your own 2D CNC? Is that cheaper than a 3D one these days (a.k.a. 3D printer)?
?????? WOW Thati a lot of BEEs!!! ??????
Ok, i need to build lasers, and cutting tables now.
So, you can watch a 1000fps video on a mechanical TV in real time, as long as the disk spins fast enough? Sounds like the future to me.
Instead of having the camera focus light from the lens onto the sensor directly, you could have it focus onto a piece of transparent paper, with the light sensor behind it.
This guys work ethic...
Cuz sry paint doesnt exist
This is hilarious he is idioticly smart!
have you ever started a project thinking it would take a week and then two weeks later
i gotta fart ?? these videos are great
Am I really the only one who noticed that he got a haircut mid-video? Probably took him weeks to build this.
I subed
Fun fact: I have apiphobia! I had an anxiety attack 30 seconds into this video! Woo, fun times.
DO ANOTHER ITERATION SENPAIIIII
O H N O N O T T H E B E E S !
BUIOD A _IANO
ive always wanted to see a working mechanical TV
The "wow that's a lot of bees!" Skit seems entirely inspired by Justin roilands improv skits
What if will is filled with bees? Conspiracy!
Why does he....nya
Amazing videos??
Make a plane
You were going to make a tv, so why a camera? Wouldn't it be more legit if you only made the tv and a circuit that decodes a real tv signal so it could be shown on your mechanical tv?
Damn u cute doe
I have that same shirt
I'm confused why you didn't just use black spray paint.
i like bee humor
All the way to 0:45 I was laughing so hard ??
pssst... black acrylic paint
The bees make the video perfect
Who doesn't actually get a single thing? Just me? Ok...
2:56 nice butt ??????
It's like Justin Roiland and the director of The Office decided to re-boot Mythbusters.
You should try making a hurdy-gurdy.
This guy is a genius and equally hilarious?? Easy subscription
This is quickly becoming one of my favourite YouTube channels
Bee
build a projector
This is awesome, you should build rev 2!!!
No one's wondering why he lost a lot of hair during this vid??
Where can I buy a shirt :D
i dong understand... how does the light from the mechanical camera gets to the image
Good guy nieghbor
When is part 2
I really eager to clean up your room
XD
We have the same last name! Pretty cool
10/10 intro
i gotta fart
Subbed ????
3:50 looks like q screaming frog
a lot of bees
V2 !!!!!!!!!!!
"You need to pay me for shipping" XD
put your finger in the laser
I think the funniest part is he took so long to build this he got a haircut between build days lol
i would never watch that tv i need TECHNOLOGY
he's adorable
WOW THATS ALOT OF BEES
This channel is like a mix of codys lab and official duck studios xD
BEEESSSS
Make a laser cutter style contraption to make art (spray paint or brush or something)?
how do you not have more subs. you put humor creativity and "education" all together
I bet this things cost a fourtune when they were new.
I have a girlfriend who loves cats that's all you need to know
The editing on this channels videos is second to none.
That bees thing though. I love it. Please send me the link to the video so I can watch the full episode of "WOAH! THAT'S A LOT OF BEES!"
"I'll take a pound of bees." "THAT'S A LOT OF BEES!!"
I HAVE THAT SHIRT AND I WEAR IT TO BED EVERY NIGHT
Ya like jazz?
You showed those bees
Damn, clean your desk m8
yes
make a Stirling engine out of random shit
like is you dont really understand the tech-y part of these videos but still watch them anyways
I love your editing
Poor CRT.
MY GOD. IT'S FULL OF BEES
Make the worlds largest penis
That's how you end it? with a fail? lame. You should have just waited until you made a working one to release a video. Still, If you think about how a CRT tv works those are more amazing than these, in my opinion. To make a single beam move that fast and accurately using analog electronics is one hell of an amazing feat if you ask me.
VERSION 2!!!
whats up with the bees wtf
Wow That's a lot of Bees! Needs to be a feature length film
what is that Wow! THat's A Lot Of Bees from? I swear i have seen it before stumbling upon this channel today and its bugging me cuz I can't find anything about it lmao
Omg, my dad has that same shirt!!!
DI-WHY ONE WHEEL!
can you make guacamole with a paper shredder?
These videos both crack me up and intrigue me. Keep them up. Do you even have a cat?
Boi cut his hair mid vid without warning XD
pretty good. good job!
wow this guy is smart asf!
can we get a link to tht "wow thats a lot of bees" video?
RC car
When Jesse from Breaking Bad puts all his energy in science instead of meth cooking
Of the 225,205 views this video has received, mine was the most recent.
"WHY ARE THERE SO MANY BEES" - Peanut butter gamer - 2014 I think
you could be perfect for a rick and morty episode
How come i only just found this channel ?
He got a haircut mid video bro he dont give a fuck
Why do you like Dr. Breen from HL2?
I made a transmitting mechanical camera
Where do you get your awesome shirts?!
WAOW, DASS A LOT A BEEEEEEZZZZ.
Please do a beginners guide to laser cutting and buying/building your own laser cutter!
this guy deserves more subs
Why would you destroy such ancient tech like that?0.0
this guy looks like jesse pinkman if he graduated high school
only god knows why he didn't just spray paint it
I wanna be like you when I'm old enough to have this much time
Build a tiny laser cut dancing stick man thing
I want a tee shirt! make a shot gun beer robot!
DECEARING EGG PREPARATION OF EGG!!!
And I thought Grant Thompson was the king of random!
Your videos make me question reality. In a good way.
I don't know if this will work but I made this gif for you https://my.mixtape.moe/bxcpkn.gif
you should make a working gun/cannon of sorts...idk tbh I'm very non creative lol but these videos are awesome, keep up the good work
#SaveTheBees
the part where the tv is just slidding made me spit out my drink
@William Osman how did you learn to do all this stuff? any book refs? ??
i feel like that was a rick and morty sketch
dam he's so fit
"mechanical". Has electronics. probably uses film. yeah. okay
As an executive producer on "Holy! That is a ton of Wasps!" and "Woah! That is a menagerie of Hornets!" I can officially support the claim that yes, that is a lot of bees.
"a ream of 200"
Give me that broken TV for parts
Rick how many bees are there? A lot of bees morty
Is that a normal flat screen monitor inside the old tube tv shell at the end bee part?
Do a second one
That hairCUT really threw me off.
You guys need to do some voice overs or something xD
I really like your videos will. You care about your videos and it shows. I hope you get millions of followers.
guy is lacking a simple saw, yet he have a FUCKING LASER
Why not just a projector in a box?
well mechanical tv easy . camera nope Germans used 35mm to project the image to mechanical tv transmitted to tube television.
I'm Mr Beeseeks look at Bees!
NOOOOOOOOOOO Not The Bees
i don't understand shit of all the explaining he does but i just love his videos, he just fucking created a tv himself lol well kinda,
Hey Will, what is the name of the bee video? Also make a windshield wipers frisbee thrower thing
The host of "Wow! That's a lot of Bees!" 's voice sounds like a Justin Roiland character
nyaw
That music is so distracting if you know who Rob Ferretti is (it's his outtro song).
wow that's a lot of bees. (wait a minute) breaks the tv and theres actually bees
NO THE POOR CRT AHHHH
As someone who owns that exact shirt, I have to ask; how many people have asked you " Hey is that you're cat?" I'm up to about 15 or so, and I wish I was lucky enough that, that was my precious kitty
Aluminum foil works great for blocking light.
those are only like at least 20 bees step up ur bee game
make a guitar?
you deserve more subs and views i hope you have a good job and get alot of money
hm... which software are you using at @6:09? Looks like a hantek gui but i had a lot of problems with different versions...
+William Osman do you have any designs for your laser as really like the look of yours? would u be able to email dxf files for laser plates?
build a blender with a fidget spinner holding the blades
Those CRT tv's contain lead so be careful.
This dude would be the worst/funnest roommate
Its a complicated mirror
subscribing because your content is good. TO CLARIFY:it's because of the aperture computer case
kids In Africa could have ate that TV, oh wait it will arrive on a large barge along with a lot of other broken stuff.
Bees!
I'd watch "That's a Lot of Bees!"
IM SO EXITED IM NOT THE ONLY ONE WITH THAT CAT SHIRT
yeah but do you have a bee tee?
The commitment of wearing the same shirt for two weeks is appreciated.
i once thought my project was going to take two to three weeks but now it's taking me over three months because i can't get a stupid motor to turn! I'm getting so frustrated because that's the only thing that isn't working.
yes but why the fuck would you break a display full of mercury in a water spillway
build a wooden table saw and test it out
congrats you have a subscriber, you made science fun
why did bees come out of that microwave
Black. PAINT.
can i buy a CD of "WOW! Thats a lot of bees!
Build a super advanced broom
William if you dont send me something I will be forced to turn you in to the authorities due to littering with t.v. pieces
tell me that's fake
6:47 apature science from portal? (logo on computer)
this channel deserves more subs
this is amazing
you're like a calm non screaming version of colin furze
Do you have any use for a small motor?
This video is so interesting!!!!!
Wow thats alot of bees????????
not to be rude my friend told me that hes gay is that true
Well then I guess I'm not getting a tee shirt I live in canada
where do you get the cat shirts?
I have that same shirt
your smart and retarded at the same time
Can you please upload that "that's a lot of bees" video. It had me laughing my ass off ??
Nyaah
Saw this video, saw TV destruction. Instant sub.
How much acid do you consume before deciding which cat shirt to wear?
Keeps shirt the same for continuity, gets a haircut...
You probably shouldn't go pushing CRT TVs down ramps. If the tube breaks, it will implode with bomb-like force.
I really need a shirt pleeeeeeaseeeee
2:56 He must be a golfer with 2 balls down getting an Eagle in the hole.
i have no clue what you're saying but it looks cool af
BEESBEESBEES.COM
i'll buy the bee show
again? I've seen it before...
please send a link to thats a lot of bees
Some of this guys inspiration may come from rick and morty, just saying...
That's a nice TV... but can you play video games on it?
I don't get what the point of this is.
Build a 3d Printer
That's cool how I saw on the pumpkin video BennyJ2K when he originally said he had the motors.
Nya
Guam is part of the U.S.
put a alkili metal and water in a coke bottle and try to make like a grenade out of it
Not the bees! NOT THE BEES!!!!
I'm not sadistic but I just met this guy and I want to punch him, because I like him. I am so confused.
what song is this 2:24
can u test the power of your lazer cutter using a solor panel or a light meter?
Not the only way or the simplest way. It was far from simple. Those machines were complicated, noisy, and huge.
Make another episode for further tinkering with the tv.
i think if you skip making the camera and just use a digital image on a computer and have the brightness values of the pixels transmitted through the audio jack, and feed that into the LED intensity, you could get it working.?
You are what makes YouTube great!
why not black paint...
Please make 2.0
I approve this comment
If this turns out to not even be a TV but a t-scope instead, I’m going to be pissed.
Petition for making "Wow! That's a lot of bees" into a real thing ??
2:56 Dat ass doe
I need to date an engineer.
Nice video
Meow
Is this a rotoscope?
Jessy Pickman appears
Now, make a HD one.
lazer cat
The WOW! that is a lot of bees! show sounds like Justin Roland narration!
Best PC Case ever.
Soo many bees!! I want a cat t shirt to protect me!
Did you get a haircut half way through?
WOW! THAT'S A LOT OF BEES! Is my favorite anime.
I had to sub within the first ten seconds, bee-cause of the TV show
mk2
Well, you got further than Ben Heck did. :P
Please do a video on shortwave radio, and spies! Make your own transmitter!
Your videos keep me up at night they are so interesting.
I don't live in the USA, So don't bother given me a T-shirt... Was kinda looking forward to seeing it work
That was amazing lol I love your videos
Question for @William Osman: What if, instead of flipping the viewer wheel, you made it spin in the other direction? I feel like that would work, and it would deal with the problem of the bending problem
sharpies aren't black enough, should be using something like a faber castell black ink pen.
William is my spirit animal
This guy diserves a lot of subscribers. You can tell he is putting a lot of work into his videos.
he has a small house
It's a shame they cancelled "Wow, That's A Lot of Bees!" Its spinoff "Huh, That's a Surprisingly Reasonable Amount of Bees." doesn't really capture the feel of the original.
Neooa
Do iteration two please!
I would watch "Wow That's A lot Of Bees!."
you should light uo your whole house with lightbulds powerd by computers fans (concept ac current) adding magnets on the fan blades and adding one to spin the oppisite disptrudting enough eletricy to the buld but the buld has to be a led type and figure the rest please.....and conect all the bulds so to one switch so you dont have to use your dc current free light ;) i suggest 10 fans and 10 lights maybe more sorry for my spelling lol fucken bees
What did that CRT TV ever do to you? You could have played Duck Hunt on that if you had an NES and light Zapper.
2:55 T H I C C
hi
NEEYAAAA !!!
HA! you're in Albuquerque!!
" I gotta fart "
It's not mechanical if you use a motor and an electronic circuit board.
THE BEEEEEEEEEZ
I want a pilot episode of "WOW, That's a lot of bees"!
Do a V2 that ditches the camera and just uses a photo sensor to read the rotational speed and map a regular video signal onto it. Or translate a digital video. That way you can watch "wow that's a lot of bees" on it.
luv this channel
lazer cut too many bees
Nyaaah
my girlfriend would love your shirts
More people need to know about this channel
wow thats alot of cats peripd
oh cool thats a lot of cat t shirrr=rrr=rrrts
aww man
is this show on netflix?
Took me a minute to recognize you, Jesse Pinkman.
Children in Africa could have eaten that tv Yes I'll go kill myself
I want part 2 now
american jack whitehall
why I dind't discover this channel before? Well, better later than never, I suppose!
how does a tinkerer not have a can of black spray paint handy?
You look like Arron Paul...kinda (Jesse pinkman)
Philo Farnsworth and Charles Francis Jenkins made the tv perfectly with the technology of their time. now that we have advanced technology shouldn't it suppose to be better?
neyahh
this is gonna go right... mnaw
Omergod there's a bee
I don't miss the Myth Busters anymore. Thank you.
Why did you get a haircut midway through the video
NOT THE BEEEEEEEEES
Dafuq is up with that bee meme? (Im new to the channel)
well there is a reason why mechanical tvs never tokoff :3
what a cool neighbor you have!
Sharpie juice... ow ouch my sharpie ouchie ow
This man. I want to be best friends with this man.
Love your videos cat
are your neighbors really nice? They seem really nice.
Tv is history
you're like the what used to be the king of random...
XDDDD bees
How bout orBEES?
Has anyone else been binge watching the episodes? No... just me
hahhahaah you're so fun!
will you make a part 2
at 105 the content cop theme is playing
Pls where is the "wow that's a lot of bees" video?? Really don't know why but must see a full vid of in tho
"Maybe we shouldn't push it that hard" P U S H E S I T T W I C E A S H A R D I love that guy
I wanna see the bees on a shirt
#dvsnsrock
That's a lot of n?u?t?s? bees!
i have that same shirt and this makes me happy
I hate to be that guy, but wouldn't it have been easier to buy black cardstock? Or is that a terrible idea to put in a laser cutter?
Hi
Oh man, I've been wanting to build a mechanical TV for ages!
I like your videos. Keep doing what the fuck you're doing! Thanks.
there was a bee hive IN YOUR TV?
ive never heard so many nyuhs in my life
I've been watching you for a few days now, but I'm confused you have some proper tools, like CAD systems, and a laser cutter, but you use the worst building materials, like cereal boxes and low grade plywood. Why not use better particle boards, or materials where we don't have to watch you break the material several times and remake it. If you are going to build complex objects using sophisticated tools, save us the frusteration of watching you cobble it together with garbage. Maybe thats the show gimmick, but a slight upgrade of your materials would really help.
Wtf is with the bees?
that poor crt, you could have used it to play melee
Kind of like a complex zoetrope.
Draco Malfoy, what are you doing out of character?
No but seriously, can we make a petition to netflix to turn "WOW THATS A LOT OF BEES!" into an actual fuckin show? Voiced by Will? Please?
please do version 2!
Rick and Marty is best oooooo and see if a laser can cut through gallium
IT'S LAZER TIMEEEE
episode where hair continuity doesn't matter. love it!
What's wrong with black mount board? ?? it's easy to get hold of!
Why dosent your channel have more subs? your channel is very good!
This is going to go, NYAA Nyaa~
WHAT ARE YOU DOING ON TV!?!?!? GO OUTSIDE IT'S SO BEAUTIFUL!!!! AAAAHHHHHHHH!!!!!!!!!
Do a hanglider for Redbulls Flutagg or start your own competition
The narrator for Wow! That's a lot of bees! sounds like a Justin Roiland character
Please make a V2 of this project soon, it's really cool.
when i see the glowing thing in the background of the laser it looks like you guys are smoking somthing like crack
where is the "wow that's alot of bees" thing from? any stand alone video for that???
He's surprisingly sexy
i dont understand how you could dislike someting like this ?
Can we have the real footage of the bees so we can make a 10hours version of it ?
how...how does this have such few views... this guy designed and built a mechanical tv from scratch...
many things going on
What's with all the bees?
0:42 THERE WERE BEES LIVING IN YOUR TV? HOW
please upload "WOW That's a lot of BEEs!!!" I want to watch it.
BEE careful Doc you don't wanna get STUNG by lightning
need this wow thats a lot of bees clip
You definitely should do another iteration!!!
I reallt want to watch "wow thats alot of bees" now
ever heard of black paint
3:16 this just turned into a HowToBasic video
I got re-notified of this. It must Bee Bee-cause it's awesome. Prolly.d
Dude we have like all of the same shirts
Do iteration 2. Improve design.
Just found your channel. Your videos are literally the best things I've ever seen.
if i was your neighbor i would of waited for you to figure out that your saw wouldn't work to cut that huge piece of wood.
We need that bee show on the TV.
i love bees
I want an episode of wow thats a lot of bees
I love that your neighbors are like heck no we need to help this poor engineer
Where can I find the Bee video? And gr8 video as always!
I have the same shirt!
Would the bending have anything to do with the delay between image seen and image presented? Changing with the positioning of the holes according the the roundness of the disk?
This is probably an unpopular opinion, but I think that's NOT ENOUGH bees. Unrelated: Did you break off the chunk of solar panel yourself, and when you say the photoresister wasn't responsive in low light, do you mean you literally saw no response at all?
Check out my build... https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=n-HaRZFvikA
will the next attempt have a sequel to "wow that's a lot of bees?"
test
It took me a few years to make a mechanical camera....my success ended up being using a photo multiplier tube ...not so much that but because i had to use one it led me to the reason my other direct light ones failed ......you need to enclose your camera in a light proof box do not let one photon from out side get in ....it will be noise that will wipe out whats coming from the lens ...have a look at the nbtv forum harry dalek ...on off topic ...there in construction builds is my project a stand alone camera ...its still in bits on my bench to many projects that take my time up ...but work it does
lol you always have cartons of bud light. How much bud light do you drink on a daily basis?
You're a genius.
What I took away from this video: MAN THAT'S A LOT OF BEES!
Who do I need to pay to get a 30 minute proper episode of "That's a lot of bees"? :O
when you cut matching interlacing pieces, how much clearance do you need to keep to ensure it slides together? is it just line for line?? i see your using solidworks, do you have to put your models in a drawing and then save out as a dxf to send to your laser? have i missed a video that answers all this....?? thanks!
goddamn that's an interesting project. that you got as far as you did is astounding. i can't wait for version 2!
Just had a thought that I'm sure you've already had: Would it work well at all to have used your friend Engelbert Humperdinck as the spinning platters? Or would the records have weighed too much to get them to spin at the speeds you'd need? I'd imagine that a solid black record would be better at blocking out light than paper dyed black. That is, unless vinyl doesn't like to be laser cut, I suppose. Also slight apologies for putting so many comments on your videos all the time. I just really like your style and I end up thinking about how one might improve upon the stuff you do pretty often.
William Osman: Bee Hunter.
you should give me the shirt for social akwardness
Holy shit this is such a cool project! Just found your channel via Cooking With Babbish (dude has god taste) and you got just a sub for life!
Catapult that launches itself?
Can you make windscreen wipers for glasses so I can see when I cycle in the rain?
make a puzzle
Can you laser engrave various candy?
I have the same name as you
Hey William! I just discovered your channel and have watched just about everything you've published at this point. Lovin' it, man; keep it up and you'll have a huge channel in no time. That said, I've seen you complain a couple times about the loudness of your air compressor. I have one just like it and it is louder than hell. The next one I get, and what I'd suggest to you as well, is one made by California Air Tools. I've used one at a friend's shop and it is just so much quieter. I have no affiliation with them, but I know good gear when I see it. Might make your laser cutting lifestyle a bit more bearable. Keep on kicking ass with these videos, man!
You should make a miniature microwave that is the size of a single microwave burrito.
Brilliant! I love it!
Hey bro can you "cut" an egg with the laser? It may get a bit messy though :p. It would be interesting to also cut a mushroom being they can't be burnt. :D
Wow that's really cool! I made one that still isn't working properly and it took me 5 years!
Aaaand now I've watched all the videos... :(
could you make something like a rose engine with a laser cutter?
Yet another amazing project! ("Not the bees!")
I subscribed the moment tethered was "wow! That is a lot of bees!" Was on the tv
Totally enjoyed your video and love the look of your mechanical TV setup. I personally have made a few mechanical disc TVs and a mechanical camera in my time, I can totally relate to a 1 week project turning into a few to several weeks, happens to me all the time lol. Anyhow I successfully made a mechanical camera/TV unit using a single LP record as a disc and I drilled 1.5 spirals of holes into the disc, the resolution was 32 lines NBTV standard, there's 48 holes in the disc and how it works is you have hole 1 on the camera side picking up the light and hole 17 displaying the light at the same time, then hole 2 pickup hole 18 receive, hole 3 pickup hole 19 receive and so on till you get to hole 32 pickup and hole 48 receive and then start over again, and so you can pickup and display pictures on the one disc. My mechanical camera/TV project can be seen here http://www.taswegian.com/NBTV/forum/viewtopic.php?f=1&t=1588 and my vlogs can be seen on my channel and here's a recording of my camera/TV displaying live pictures https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZY9mwXC--ro . Anothering to mention too, make your holes much smaller as that will vastly improve the detail of your images, or alternatively use lens beads for your discs as the light will be pin pointed to the centre of the beads and be a sharp line rather than a soft thick line.
I love your content and I always wonder why you only upload every so often. Then I remember, duh, these projects take a hell of a lot of time. Good luck with version 2!
next you should build a bee
I have matte black spraypaint I've used to make pinhole cameras.... a little bit better than rit dye I think
Hello, I was wondering if you could visit my YouTube page and rate my two songs, I wanted you opinion because you my favorite YouTuber and I want to be like you.
Actually, this wasn't a bad attempt for a first iteration, it always looks easier than it really is, and your "discovery" that a camera is MUCH harder than the monitor is spot on. Nonetheless you showed the basic concepts of a mechanical TV really well. 1) the apertures are way too large for a true picture, for disks of this size they should be of the order of 1mm - you could go with something the size you have if you fill them with optical quality acrylic balls that act as lenses - which is faithful, to a degree, to the first television prototypes that used glass lenses. These "balls" are readily available in the US and quite cheap. The light source could then be just a single LED. 2) The easiest way to construct a camera/monitor system is to have the disks ate either end of an axle driven by a single motor. Alternatively, you can just continue the aperture spiral another half turn and have the camera the left side of the disk and the monitor on the right.
is this 'mechanical' TV the result of a mechanical engineering degree? is there some way of adding mechanical touch so that you could make a mechanical phone or tablet?
I feel like a cotton candy machine might be just complicated and stupid enough for you to be able to make...
I feel like "wow that's a lot of bees" belongs on Rick and morty
Will... can I call you Will? Will, I think you could solve your arc-length and alignment problems in software. Actually, I think you could even solve any brightness problems as well (caused by direct vs indirect light hitting your sensor). Now that I think of it, better software could even help you solve the "not randomly picking me for free stuff giveaways" problem. And don't listen to anyone that says you can't control a mechanical TV with digital circuitry. They're clearly just jealous of your hair dresser, objectively speaking.
How'd you learn all of this? It seems like you know a lot... but just not enough. :D
Tremendous work! Thanks for a great video
The way you say "here" like Eric Cartman always gets me
love the content. keep it up
Are you going to make a video on your laser cutter? I don't know if it would be cost efficient to build my own so I am wondering how many watts your laser is, and how much it costs. It looks like it has a hoge cutting space which seems like it would be very useful. Thanks!
Yeah he's sleeping now he's so cute!!!!
Pretty ok Sam throwing up though right now ??
Zoom jokes are best jokes, also nice t-shirt.
i want a tv full of bees if i do get one i won't "bee"live it
how's life William
Wow that mechanical tv is really bad! ps this is Caelan
Hay, William. You should solder some basic electronics kit with your laser. like this: https://youtu.be/KnyB9btlhS8
?????? ?? ?????? ?????? ??????? ? ??? ??? ?????? :))
try to lazer cut a fidget spinner like if you agree
I'm so angry to youtube for not giving me notifications (it should) when you upload. But it's always nice to find out that there's a new vid that i haven't seen yet.
Could you laser cut / cook eggs and make 3D patterns depending on where and how much you heat the shells?
Can you please laser your hands
Hi Will, Your videos are the highlight of my life. thank you.
This is the comment that will be a winner of a giveaway (I'm sure the website will pick this )
CAN LASERS MAKE CAT FIGURES?
OH BEEhave
cool project! looove it!
could you make me a prosthetic finger tip? I'm not kidding. I live in Canada and I would pay for shipping (and materials). I can send you pics and measurements of my amputated finger.
You should try and design a remote control lawnmower. I'm not a very smart person so it's probably not easily do-able and that's okay
I want to see a wow that's a lot of bees tshirts.
Could you try 3d printing metal by melting metal powder with the laser cutter?
You're equal parts genius and moron. It's fantastic.
What are the chances of winning a "WOW! That's a lot of BEEs!" shirt? Asking for a friend
'This one goes h'mya' Cartman is the best.
Even though it didn't really work, the problems you ran into with curvature are actually a really neat way of visualizing how a lot of modern cameras capture an image. They generally draw the image field by field, one after the other. This is why there's lots of footage out there of airplane propellers appearing to curve, because the camera draws the image in those fields. In the first field a blade might be in the 12o'clock position, and in the next field it might be in the 3o'clock position. The end result is this eerie sort of curvature. Your issues are 100% related to synchronization. I'm sure you've seen footage of fast moving rotational objects, like helicopter blades or the tires on a car or bicycle. If you match the shutter rate and framerate with the rotations per second of the object, you will capture what appears to be an unmoving object. It's a really really really similar concept to the stroboscope. In fact it's basically the exact same thing. From what I've seen of functional mechanical TVs, they all seem to operate much much slower than what you've been running yours at. The images appear to be sub 10FPS, which in the context of rotational motion is an incredible difference in speed. That could also have contributed to the lack of proper synchronization. I'm sure you'll figure this out in the future if you ever decide to revisit it. Cool project.
PLEASE SPONSOR WILLIAM OSMAN YOUTUBE
would you make an optical mouse that looks like an animalian mouse?
Build a music thingy: https://www.facebook.com/theculturetrip/videos/1350656261624074/
Laser cut a laser cutter
I've got one for ya, something I've always wanted to do.. Bounce some micro/radiowaves off the moon.. How cool would that be?
Can you make more episodes of WOW That's a lot of bees?
Release "wow that's a lot of bees" on VHS
Try making a r/c airboat out of your neighbors trash
We went from Ham Vin Diesel to this?! That's quite the jump. Amazing video. Bravo!!
what about laser cutting mr.poopy butthole from rick and morty and use bacon as the material for a bust.
Please don't pick me for a giveaway:: I'm just happy i found this channel.
Finally you're back!!!!
the Wow! that's a lot of bees™ feels like it would be on a tv in Rick and Morty
"That's a lot of Bees" sounds like it comes from interdementional television. It's fantastic.
Way too many bees...
If you need to make cardboard black use spray paint. Works well.
Can you 3D-print metal with your laser?
0:33 really disturbed me
I demand a full 1-hour documentary of WOW! thats a lot of BEES!!!
Bad scientist, can't even make a mechanical tv smh
waste of 10 minutes, imho. (god knows how much time you wasted doing this.)
You're too intelligent for what you do. keep up
Ever think about becoming an evil scientist? I think a cat-themed lab coat would be baller
Nice bees.
I love this channel.
laser a tattoo on a raw bit of pork then your self
This video became by favorite at exactly 2:57 ????
beez are gay. wasps for da win!!!
I had an idea but since I'm too lazy to start I'm gonna suggest it to you: you know nixie tubes? i wanted to cheaply replicate the appearance of one with optic fiber digits lit in orange or thin sheets of acrylic with drawn digits and the lights below them...
i really hope you will try this again. It is a super interesting project
Beeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeees
The editing is gold. Fuckin hilarious
I wish there was a way to invest in a YouTube channel... I would invest money in this channel cause I know it's gonna blow up
I left a banana in my trashcan. So now my room smells like banana. This is a good thing because: 1. It smells like banana. 2. I can catch a monkey to wear the shirt I win.
Your channel is criminally unsubscribed
Who knew so many BEES could be inside a TV?!
Another hysterical video William! Good call on not using brushless lol overkill for sure.
How did you get those bees in your TV
You should redo the glass but purify the sands
> have you ever had one of those project you thought was going to take a week, then two weeks later .... Are we the same person?
I'll give you one million bees for a T-shirt
Holy fuck that intro made me cry
make a conveyor belt that helps convey new ideas
So good I watched it twice. This channel is gold.
Bees
Pleeeezz
Ples give me shirt
Make some kind of instrument. You could probably get a pretty decent ukulele with the laser cutter and some veneer, or make some other weird instrument. Obviously you'd end the video by playing Wonderwall.
also cite of cameraman john is expired! it is not working
thats awsome. never fails only one who do nothing
Make a mechanical watch
We love watching your channel, it makes us happy that we can watch all the things we would never EVER try on the laser be so brilliantly presented by you! .... but totally going to make some shirts now.... with 50% more nipple coverage...
William Osman, please oh please make a laser cut Zelda BOTW Guardian Sword. You are uniquely qualified for such a project after your excellent Dr Strange contraption.
Make a functional spongebob watch!
Dang it, I wanted one of those shirts. They look AMAZING
how many bees is way too many bees?
Look at my grades, wow! That's a lot of B's! (They were d's. Don't tell my mom.)
try building a working flying drone???
Hi will I like your videos You should make a janky ukulele or acoustic guitar I'd play it
\Do you have a Patreon account? This might be the one channel I'd donate to!
Hi bud
lasercut a lasercutter
Will you build me my musical instrument? I've been asking for the past 5 videos :(
You've quickly became my favorite YouTuber ha
I fully appreciate the 1 second drone(?) shot at 9:31. Love your attention to detail.
William Osman....MeEt Me!! William Fournier. get it? same first name
WHEN R U GONNA MAKE AN ENCLOSURE FOR YOUR LASER CUTTER WILL
I Found the bees!
Would it have been easier to just print 2-3 disks and glue them together to block more light, or was weight of the disks a concern? Great video by the way, I'm sure you learned a ton on this one!
I was hoping to see the finished device working at least well enough to be able to make out a semblance of the recorded image. Could you improve the mechanical camera? I look forward to see a part 2 of this! As a side note, some years back I thought up a concept for a mechanical video camera - it would be made of a row of photosensors on a spinning disk. The TV would be a row of LEDs on a spinning disk. I never actually made it, because other things came up. It would be an interesting project, and I expect it would be pretty easy to make. If you'd like to try making it, I think it would also make for an interesting video :)
you deserve WAY more subs
Make a 3d clear acrylic model of you and/or a cat
I fucking loved that intro. Lol. You're hilarious.
"Wow That's a lot of bees" is my favorite show! I'm glad someone else appreciates it!
I swear I feel like William is making crazy things so if he makes something really badass he'll become a billionaire
I love you vids and comedy, and I also love your shirts
first off, are you a bulldog or a cougar, second off, can you try and make your own superconductors?
Give me a t-shirt you commie :) just kidding i love you :)
Best intro yet
I feel I'm just watching a man descend into madness
Project request: build a robot that cooks a meal and serves it up on a plate at the push of a button. As a minimum requirement, the meal must contain at least 5 different ingredients and John has to eat it.
A lot of bees huh.
That's a lot of bees! needs to be its own series.
Is "Wow that's a lot of bees" a real tv show? If so I really want to watch it. If not I really want to watch all the footage that you have.
Laser cut a laser
music in the back ground is annoying.
sharpen your laser
I gotta get me one of them tee shirts, like meow. Just go ahead and send me one. I'm not kitten. Do it.
dank
You promised no more bees. You lied to me :(
is wow that's a lot of bees on Netflix?
Hey William! You should build a mechanical music box or you should build a type writer.
Laser cut glass
YASSS WILLIAM
as an aspiring young engineer, your channel has quickly grown to become one of my favorites. Keep on making cool shit!
Build some electrostatic loud speakers next !
Could the laser cutter cut out a smaller laser cutter, which then gets to cut a smaller one and repeated until the laser cutter is too tiny to be able to cut a smaller cutter?
I would love to see a part two.
Will you beeee awesome and send me a shirt?!
Build a wooden Chainmail chest piece? not sure how it'd work, but you could totally put a cat on it. Your videos rock! always a pleasure
Great content
I have a lot of free time now, since I've watched all the videos on your channel. I'd like to attempt to make my own mechanical TV. However, I don't own a laser cutter. Do you think I use some poster board and kitchen scissors?
What channel is "That's a Lot of Bees!" on?
OMG!, it's full of.... BEES!! :)
Make a computer mouse in the shape of a cat
This is great
Why does the bees show seem like it belongs on rick and morty? ??
Were you sponsored by American Eagle, 2:57 lol
I had never heard of mechanical tv.. Thats fucking cool... Hope you do part 2
I still need my breakfast contraption.. Im hungry
Woo! Hell Yeah! That's a lot of bees! William Osman delivered!!!!!!!! ??????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????
Cameraman John have my babies!
william do you have a job?
You could write the next Rick and morty tv show episode
bees are everywhere
I really love this, you are one of my favorite youtubers.
your videos are the best, they are funny entertaining and also educational
Wow, That's a lot of Bees! THE SERIES!
Slay me
Respect for following through even though it was painful. It was very interesting to see you troubleshooting it.
What CAD software does he use?
I think the real reason you can't send the shirts abroad is because bees are technically livestock and that's hard to get through US customs.
William, how can I prove my love for you?
Bee is love bee is life
2:52 "I gotta fart" farts
Every time you upload a new video I am eating a burrito.
For the record: When William called me (7:52) I was in the bathroom.
What channel is "wow that's a lot of bees" on?! I MUST KNOW
Love the bee show!
Where can I actually find this bees show?
10:34 nice bee roll
I actually don't think that was a lot of bees. ¯\__(?)__/¯
You are actually pretty inteligente and creative, why are you not working on nasa?
throwing a CRT off of a ramp? did you know that you are suicidal?
can you release the "wow that's a lot of bees" on its own video?
Make a table then stand on it
I like me some bees
Please make a video of "WOW That's a lot of BEEs!!!"
Why not. Make the rotors out of wood or heck even metal. You might could find a local fab shop that if you supply the material and cad they'll just charge the table time.
Can you do a laser cut longboard??
can i have a copy of wow! thats a lot of bees!
That really is a lot of bees
i hope you took out the flyback transformer to make a arc speaker.
you're incredibly smart, what college did you go to ?
Make a helicopter attack bee made out of bologna (must be BAR-S brand)
Where can I find the video with the bees? :3
Got anymore o dem shirts?
That bee show reminds me of something that'd be on interdemensional Tv
you should cut a pizza
Im very disapointed that my amazing pun didnt get picked, i think this comment picker is broken. I demand a revote. Also could you build something that attempts to fly? Like maybe a mechanical flying thing, like, a bird, or like, a butterfly?
i want a tee shirt
Have you built a pinhole camera yet? Similar concept, way more low tech.
who else wants a full episode of WOW that's a lot of bees!
'WOW! That's a Lot of Bees!' Brought to you by Justin Roiland
Where do you get your cat shirts? Particularly the one in this video?
hi
How many rpm does your TV have? That's a sentence I never thought I'd ask.
Build a chair that you can't possibly sit on.
Badass, I am stoked that you did this. Looking forward to version 2.
Will you look like a grown up Morty from Rick and Morty
This is fantastic. Keep going!
That mini orgasm you get when a new video is posted.
The reason it isnt working is because theres no bees in it like the one you smashed. Thats the secret to any television.
hELLO William OSman, u Are a very handsome man. Thx u for your time.
Was that justin roiland in your tv?
I want this documentary :D please make it a full episode just of that xD
I don't like things... I liked all your things.
You should maybe get a 3D printer to go with the laser. Versatility never hurt anyone. :D
I love your vids they are always awesome I look forward too all your vids ^^/ ??
This is honestly one of my favorite channels.
someone pplleeeease link the bee video...
Dammit, I don't live in the US and A. But you could make a laser cut t-shirt out of wood or cardboard, get the draft online and I'll cut it myself!
Can you release the entire "Wow! Thats a lot of Bees" video?
Hey Will, since bees are such a mainstay joke on your channel you should laser cut a beekeeping hive to raise awareness for the dwindling honeybee population. You could even make a few and give them away to promote people across the country to help our bee population! More hives would certainly help keep the swarms out of your electronics....
I'M JUST HERE SO I DON'T GET FINED
WELCOME BACK TO WOW THATS A LOT OF BEES LMAOOO IM DYING
Can we get a full episode of WOW That's a Lot of Bee's?
I want to know what was going on in your neighbor's head when you said "I have a piece of wood that I can't lasser table saw"
can you get a laser hair cut? You may need to use a dummy, but then again you could just not use a baby
Really great intro! How much is it to send a tshirt to sweden? :D
nice thumbnail
Sooo you make a T-Bee? xD
try to laser cut a key
no way you're reading this
I want a t shirt or prize. I love these videos While that is a lot of bees, at least you're not Ants in my eyes Johnson.
too many bees.
YOU GET A BEE AND YOU GET A BEE
impressive. you should try making a pair of pants with the laser.
Consistently the only YouTube/maker that makes me laugh out loud every video. It's like watching Einstein do calculations on the back of a bud light box. And I learn a fuuuuuuuuuccccccton. Another awesome video man.
can someone send me some dc drill motors please.......
Way too many beeeeths
USE ALL OF THE MOTORS!!!!!!!
Can i get a tshirt?
Dude I want to give you money to make more delicious sauce. Where your patreon at?
WILIYAMASMAND
>when you film for weeks and get a haircut but keep wearing the same dirty cat shirt so you don't break continuity never change
hey. ur kool.
Your videos are always hilarious.
Laser cut foosball table!
I would kill for a t shirt, something small like an ant but it would definitely die
William is secretly a villain training killer bees and evil mind control shirts that will help him take over the world!
you should laser cut a treadmill
This channel is fantastic
Can your next project be a gas powered DVD player?
?????? t-shirts
TwentyThree
I'd watch that bee show.
It's easter , how about building something related to eggs ? Like an egg-catapult or something :) Or laser cutting egg shells ?
What's a cat?
"I gotta fart" - William Osman 2017
can you laser cut a film video camera?
Will, this is the best one yet!
A lot of bees
i don't know how you continuously smile while putting yourself through these stressful scenarios but it's charming and don't stop thanks
You got a haircut mid-episode?
I love watching your process, man DAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAMN. Also; I think you have more cat shirts than I have TRON shirts and that's quite a feat.
You should have actually just taken some white spray paint for example.. White gloss is a very efficient light-reflector believe it or not. Would have blocked it all out with a coat or two.(just to cut some time, less trial and error maybe.. I mean any color would have done really.)
Wow! That's a lot of bees!
:3c
Can you reach out to 'Ze Royal Viking'? He's your twin.
episode where will is camera man and john does the thing.
un-bee-lievable
Hey, that's still pretty good!
Beees at the end sound like something from Rick and Morty
Starving children in Africa could have eaten that TV.
meow meow cat eats carrot
This was my favorite episode of "Man That's a Lot of Bees!" Have you seen the first season before they got popular? So many bees!
i would watch that show
good shit keep it up
Where can I watch Wow! That's a lot of bees?
You sir, are my favorite nerd on YouTube! You deserve waay more subs!
That's Way Too Many Bees!
Willy Oz Best Channel on YouTube #1
This could well be the coolest thing you've done thus far, I don't know how you keep surpassing yourself every video. I can't wait for the OsmaScope* 2.0, would it be possible to power the rotation with a bicycle and are colour mechanical TVs possible? *Other variants are OsmaTrope, OsmaStrobe, OsmaTube, wasn't really sure which sounded best, so have them all.
Did you actually put bees in the TV or did you edit them in?
Could you convert bee movie on your computer and play it ?
You should modify one of those cheap $20 stand-up fans, and put some sort of tracking device on it so that the fan will always turn to blow on you wherever you walk.
new video. Means that its gonna be a good day ?
What's your education?
Welcome back to! Wow that's a lot of bees! Bees are the greatest! ?? ?? ?? ??
I had to invest in a Dyson Supersonic hair dryer so I could watch TV and take naps in peace... Highly worth it! Oh and nice fart lol
But can you watch porn on it?
I love the editing
Colab with neighbors? Please!
Wow ! I'm getting scared of all those bees ... should I burn my tv too ? I guess I'll do it just in case ... Also are you related to Justin Roiland , his evil twin maybe ? Coz your voice improv sound way similar to the ones he did on Rick & Morty !
You've should have just bought two vinlys!
8:05 Yeah...no idea what any of this means. Still a fun video to watch! xD "too many bees!" hahaha!
You've done television of the past, now do television of the future - smell-a-vision.
I rather enjoyed "Wow that's a lot of BEEs" I think it should be syndicated.
I freaking love his dude.
Laser cut an animatronic bee!
HEY.........Willll.... Can you make something that spins really fast then drops onto the floor? Cuz it would spin... and role... and run over people... Well, K... BYE
I gotta say loved that show. To bad the newer season sucked, not enough bees
Hahahaha, cool projects!
This channel became one of my favourite channels almost instantly.
I give you a tip to help your next project COCAIN
Do you have a job orrrr?
Great video as always but I was wondering; how do you know about all of this subject matter? Keep up the great work!
Lol, "That's A Lot Of Bees" reminds me of Rick and Morty ????????
the bees have the harmonicas!
Woo solidworks
NOOOOOOOOOOO NOT THE CRT
How do you feel about Ham Diesel being your most watched video? (not sarcasm)
is the bee episode somewhere out there? could not find it :D
Leaked footage of the Bee Movie #2
Please reply. Oh please reply. I beg you oh the children the bee children pls reply to save them
It's time for you to do a q&a.
Oh hey....he isn't dead....that's good I guess
Slagor the Great, WOW! that's a lot bees!
I love this channel
can't wait for version 2 in 10 years
i would love to get an t-shirt
omg bees
I didnt get picked for a Laser Cut Cat Shirt :( Unfollowed
tv bees
did you know you can generate nbtv signals for the tv using a computer
This video was sponsored by bees
your videos are getting so damn good, im scared your youtube carreer has peaked already
binarySearch(Bee[] sortedBee, String targetBeeName){ int index = 0; int strtLen = sortedBee.length / 2; while (sortedBee[index].year!=target) { index = strtLen; if (sortedBee[index].name.compareTo(targetBeeName)==1) { strtLen = strtLen + strtLen / 2; } else if (sortedBee[index].name.compareTo(targetBeeName)==-1) { strtLen = strtLen - strtLen / 2; } else break; } System.out.println("Bee found at " + index); } It's a binary search bee also Comparable interface hahahahahaha I'm going to fail my cs exam
I somehow always end up watching your videos at work, and therefore always end up getting really weird looks when I chuckle uncontrollably.
cool
HAHAHAHA.. So you have an Inter-dimensional TV too huh? ??
wow thats a lot of bees
Next time use a black piece of cardboard to begin with :)
two weeks later...
Can you Laser cut some fireworks please :^)
just write some code for the arduino to generate the picture or a program for the pc and output it over the headphone jack
There were bees in a microwave at the end of another video now it's in TV , why was it in the microwave?
please post wow thats alot of bees
There is nothing more concerning than William Osman uttering the words: "this should hopefully work"
Did you at least enjoy the episode of "WOW, That's a lot of bees!" first before realizing you had a bee infestation? :3
"Wow, That's Alot of Bees" Sounds like a Rick and Morty show.
you're my favorite tube on youtube
Try to make glasses
Oh man... that's my favorite show. I just binged it on Netflix and chilled. This was a great video and should be shown in classrooms across 'Merica so that school children can understand how early TV's were built and a proper respect for bees! Nice job William, and I just want to let you know I'm never gonna give you up, never gonna let you down, never gonna run around and desert you....
jep still the best
best intro ever
Actually not that terrible...
Thanks anyway
I live in the U.K. Ffs :(
how many times do you gym pls
Aww yesss... William Osman videos
You're quite unlucky when it comes to bees.
You should laser cut a beer pong table!
You promised me bees. I got bees. Thank you.
So far today's been pretty great. I saw a rocket launch with my own eyes, then William Osman brought back the bees joke. ?????? ??
How could you harm those bees will? Don't you know they are dying at an alarming rate?
Full "Wow That's a Lot of Bees!" episodes when?
Digital bees are the worst.
Laser cut some shoes.
you should lazier cut Lego creations also when you pick some one for t shirts you should print there youtube icon out a cut it in half
I always look forward to your videos. This is really awesome!
I wouldn't mind watching that whole bee documentary, it sounds very informative.
Nice, i love this channel.
so this is basicaly some kind of SSTV? (slow scan TV) Can't wait for V2 :D
FREE THE BEES!
Probably the best bee documentary available on Earth.
Big fan of yours man! Keep up the great work!
Could you try laser cutting pizza into slices?
why are you allways wearing a cat shirt?
My 'First dislike' tentacions are tingling.
NOT THE BEEEES THE BEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEES
needs m0re jpeg
cool :) i like your yt chanel :)
225th!!!!!!
notice me William senpai
I've never BEEn to a YouTube video so quickly
Wow, that IS a lot of bees
i love the comedic tone in the vids!
Ahhhhh, ok. OK. I'm not too fond of the bee sounds in my ears. I'm utterly terrified of the things.
this video was awesome
Under 52 views club?
HEYYYYY WIIIILLLLL
