links?
Audio amplifier circuit diagram
Dude I would like to use a couple of these beats on a mixtape!!!
Good Projects ??
How made sound card???
very nice
Coooool!!! Like!!! Guys, you can also visit my channel for detailed projects.
Hacktuber, YOU ARE SO TALENTED AND CREATIVE! You have inspired me to try and share some of my ideas with people on my YouTube channel, thank you for all your videos and time you have put into them!
wasted 1 channel audio to make a Bluetooth speaker? i don't think that was good idea.. you should buy class D 5v simple amplifier.. put them 2 speaker are more better..
hahaha.. the last mystery box was no security.. cause people will try to on all at once 1st.. useless to put fake switch but it's do nothing..
should of used a better speaker that one sucks ass
where we get bluetooth module
the first one is fake all
?????????
Why would you need a 5 volt regulator when a USB port can maximally output 5v?? That makes no sense
YOUTUBETJ
?????
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCxNjzrPkmOth4j2KiLIXnnQ/videos
So where that " Link Below"?
Hackscribe doesn’t even make sense it sounds like a disease
no link
You have my outro music!!!! @ 1:39 to 2:46 https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCWmyPX2rcvLg1qPRRM09auw?view_as=subscriber
Bhai Apne Ap Bnaye Ja Rha H Kya Ghanta Pta Lgega Kam Se Kam Bol Kr Hi Bta Deta Kon Sa Part Kaise Or Kis Vealu Ka Lgana H
Bluetooth is not connected up,sucessfully
Why we didn't use direct current
Not in detail....who'll tell about programming..ur dad?
You should make that last combination lock so that the other two switches aren't useless. the way you have it if someone presses on all the switches it still goes threw but if you were to put the other switches so that they would short the circuit and have a braker throw if they mess it up and keep it locked then you can keep it so that they cant just guess it.
are you a mad??? you are saying that check the link below but where is your link???
1st model is using $2 Bluetooth, but why don't buy cheap class D amplifier as well? both using 5V input..
very nice
this americanhacker!!!!
the security lock system is very bad idea.. easily i can switch all ON... you shuld use 2 line switchs and connect all switchs..
Kau suka musik
Voltase speaker bluetooth
#Stretch
Waste video i haver never seen like this
please add link
Bakwas
How is this a life hack
He didn't even leave a link
Issey acha naya lelu
Why do not you put the list of electronic components of the projects with the links? This helps subscribers on your channel to do the projects you show on your channel.
Give link in descriptions
5:22 song name ?
What kind of transistor is it? which is on bluetooth is npn?
0 links
wow! interesting. so delay time depend on what?
Anyone know the name of board in 1:42
There is no link to bluetooth adapter..........................
Your lifehacks is not practical
You took the non contact voltage detector from Make: lol
what glue is the one that uses
"American" Hacker alright. This guy can't speak a lick of English... Or hack anything at all
helpfull video
Shud make them 6 switches reset when locked so have to press the same combination lol
Un like :-D
Becwas
This video helps us to recycling many things at home.
He is Mexican, right? I do or latin
Is it really life hack? lol
"Life hack" lost its meaning
lame not life hacks at all
thereis no link below the video lier cheater
Goodable!
Bello
Mantap
Click here
Thanks
watched a lot of these videos, i like this the most. You can explain really well !
nice
nc
Nice
GooD
wow
good
Owo
nice
nice
NICE
NC
??? ?? ??? ? ??? ???? ??? ?? ??? ???? ??? ?????
you said the link for the bluetooth module would be below.. there is nothing of the sort in the description... can someone please send links???
coolll
Fake
wkwk
using USB bluetooth? :o ok thank you so much.
And can we get a parts list?!?!
What are the capacitors used on the speaker?
Bhai mujhe tum logo ki ek baat bohot buri lagti h vo h tum jo kuch bhi projeckt lagate ho uska naam nahi batate
Hey Put everything that you use for your project.
I also make this speaker with High bass and good quality of sound from Audio module PAM8403 look in my channel nice Sir
Can i switch led diode with buzzer?
3:10 music?
you is not from america?
what spray do you use for super glue?
IC Ka connection kya hai
Gift componen please?
Awesome bro Good job Keep it up??
??????? ??????
Kuch sense ka hi bana lete
????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????
Hello u ar so cool
These are not life hacks
their are no links
https://youtu.be/E1eBbFNm8J4
dont even know where are musics link below
Bhi ji compester jiss ma add kr ra ho us plant ko kya bolta ha
where da link
Bhaiya voice recorder pen banakr dekhao na
lm7805 kaha milega
Super video
Jony jony poem hindi
Baddest video ever. I don't like. But i am your permanent subscriber. #Roundtojail ¦R¦o¦u¦n¦d¦ ¦t¦o¦ ¦j¦a¦i¦l¦ ¦
It's good projects, l like.
any link of the items above
changer sarkit kaise banaye kitne no ic h batana bhai
Where are th links
Why does this American hacker speak like a Russian hacker?
Super
??? ??? ??? ???? ??? ?? ?????? ??? ??? ???? ??? ??? ?? ????? ?? ?? ?? ???? ?? ???? ???? https://youtu.be/1g2jxNpE1Yc
I fail to see how it's a life hack
How to make a teleportation device? If you could make such type of device, then I could subscribe your channel
Make Bluetooth camera
LED ta kivabhe spikarer sathe chalale
Please give diagrams of all
Awesome
? ?? ????? ?? ????????? ?????? ??????
What is the name of the glue that you used on the first hack?
?????????? ????? ? ?????? "???????????". ???????????? ???????.
a big LOL
THO THESE PROJECTS ARE COOL TO MAKE , MY QUESTION IS HOW ARE THESE PROJECTS LIFE HACK? THEY DON'T MAKE YOUR LIFE BETTER BETTER.
Coo
???, ????????????? ??????? ?? ?? ????????? ????? ?? ????????? ?? ??? ???????? (?? 0 ?? ?? ?????? 1 ? 2, ?? 1 ?? ?? ?????? 2 ? 3) ?? ?? ??? ????? ????? ????????? ??? ??? ?? 1 0 2 ??????? ?? ?? ?? ???? ??????????????, ? ???? ???? ?? ?? ?????? ?? 1 ? ?????? ???? ?? ?? ??????? :/
hi i dont understand why all the switches in the electromagnet lock? at first i thought it was to make it hard to unlock but then i seen you put 3 upside down and 3 the other way so someone can simply see choose the 3 that are the same way facing the same direction and its done you unlocked it hehe.
So by adding a microphone at time =5:44 sec. The mic pick up the music and converts it into impulses?? How that that work?
Super ideas
wheres your links???
It's a fantastic experience, so lovely.
But I hate physics! ??
Nico Bellic
Congratulations for 1million subscribers brother I am ur subscriber when u have only 1lakh subscribers congrats luv from India ??
Where is links?
Where are the links?????
Give me a close pic of bc547 5:55
Waste projects
links bro ! ?? ... nice projects
U fogot the links :(
Project #1... I want estereo. What's I change?
Where's the link?
I swear the phrase "Life hack" has lost all its meaning...
I like this fact you build them on paper
Connect speaker to the non-contact voltage detector
cut the music and talk
Te pratim od porano od makedonija si bro?
Excellent projects
Hello
You can make video for how to make electric liter.
Watch techs video click hear #techsandreviewswithraghav
make more videos
Oh come on. They're all old videos!!!!
Can you show us how to make an electric guitar amplifier? Not a huge one just a good little practice amp. I don't have $100+ to buy one...
Where are you from??? You are not from America.. You are from Eygpt
wow nice...
Oh!! Your iphone has bluetooth or it is fake iphone.
47 views 182 likes That's how early I am
Don't show burglars how to do it man!
Wow????????
These aren't life hacks.
2.
hello bro how r u
1
????
Beautiful.
LE EPIC
You can buy premade ones on amazon https://www.amazon.com/LaBrinx-Designs-Remote-Control-Portal/dp/B074NDLSSV/ref=sr_1_2?ie=UTF8&qid=1540455389&sr=8-2&keywords=portal+mirrors
Get a companion cube prop and cut it in half, glue each half to each side. Boom.
Looks so amazing ????
I WANT THIS, but im not rich, BUT I WANT THIS
I'm totally doing this! That was so cool!!!
Cool!
Awesome love from india
I love it. LED deck lights check here:https://www.amazon.com/dp/B07DL8QPQL
I love it
Really dope video and easy guide to create this look; what camera do you use?
Oh my gosh that is SOOOO TRIPPY!!!
????????????
But can i portal to orgrimmar ?
hey Matt Schaefer i noticed something how would LED LIGHTS look under Glass
you can also get some wild 3D picture effects if you know how to etch glass. etch part of a picture on front of regular mirror which is at the rear of the frame and on the inside of the two way mirror that is in front and on the front of the two way mirror and you will not believe the 3D effects it gives the picture unbelievable depth. Be safe
Dude check out infinity mirrors were you pair a two way mirror with a regular one and you put led lights in the frame between them so you get a similar effect in a more compact space Be safe.
1:43 when you realized the cake is a lie
marry me??
would it be possible to do this with screens instead of mirrors, and raspberry pi with cameras, so that the "portals" actually show from behind you, like in the game? (yes, the cameras and screens would need to be 4k or something for the proper effect...)
Thank u sir..i will definitely gonna try it????
it costs around 150 dollars any way you do it retard
Price really ain't that bad if you get small cheaper mirrors
Thats so sick
me at 3:30 : Pfft, those mirrors look so out of place and awful, there's no way it- LEDs turn on I spoKE TOO SOON I SPOKE TOO SOON
aekdb
very nice
That looks awesome and cool bravo to that both portal game mirror ideas
LOOKS LIKE REAL PORTALS WOW SO COOL
"So good" ??
Really annoying that if you look through them you see the pattern of orange blue orange blue, because in game you'd onl see one colour at a time because the other colour would be opposite.
COOL DUDE - BEST WISHES TO YOU
This would be great is I wasn't a broke high school student... Plus this build is more expensive then the actual, so it kinda ruins the DIY effect for me.. Buuuuuuuuut, it looks absolutely amazing, and you did a fantastic job!
Now that’s cool
Looks so real
I love it
OMG I want to do this ^_^
I'd fuck this builder boy
A-B
Wow
_ _
Probably coulda got cheaper mirrors somewhere else.
T H E P O R T A L G A M E
but you didn't even level the mounts
Ooh backlit mirrors. /s
They're not actually Portal Mirrors...read thay carefully
#portal
Where'd you get that hourglass on your desk?
That’s rockin
Your small speaker holders look cool, could you let us know where you got it
How to make your house more accessible to the unknown. Install portal mirrors perfectly symmetrical of eachother.
My dad had LED's like this!
(^?^)
$300.00 could also have bought a Masterbuilt Bluetooth Smoker; but this is probably better for your waistline...
i just realized, only vampires would feel the complete experience of the portal, no obstructions
What about building this and mixing it with the smart mirror concept. except use an HD camera and have the monitor behind the mirror show the HD cam feed in a different part in the house.
Actually it would be cheaper if you'd live in finland ( ?° ?? ?°)
i paid 5 dollars dorllars each glass so ya its cheaper
Super dope ????
DAISY!!!
but that sunset though!
lol..some damn expensive mirrors..! where I live, I can get'em for 8 bucks each
Yaaaaasssss!!!
Great! Now you can invest $3 for a couple of rgb extension cables and hide those ugly ir controllers.
Did you sub bot your channel cause damn.... 93k views and 518k subs...
6:17 2 knives from CSGO (Karambit-Bayonet)
I was just playing portal!!
hey i have that desk
Nice. First time I've seen an infinity mirror done that way. Although those mirrors seem a little pricey. loses usually has some cheap mirrors around $25.
No joke i'm gonna do this.
I will definitely take a huge mirror
Wow!
You almost sounded like Wheatley after a completed test when you saw the results
OMG this is freaking awesome!! You dude are my crush, you´r a genius
seen this done for a lot cheaper like around 100$ by using wood ovals and using a product called mirror in a can. check it out anyone thinking of doing this MUCH CHEAPER same effect
oh oh oh... There is no red portal, there is an orange portal :/ but good job anyway
The mounts came with the mirrors or did you but them separately?
portal 3
Its so clean, things up on this. Now I want to do this.
This is such a creative idea!!
You should flip the shotgun mic around when you are talking from behind the camera so your voice isn't muffled.
can someone just link me the online ones just going buy them but nice video dude!
Striped shirt on camera is trippy
Amazing DIY! Even though I'm glad that the 3rd mirror arrived in 1 piece, I was sort of anticipating/hoping for it to be broken... just to have a quick facepalm chuckle.
Wheres the cake
This is not DIY if it costs that much to make. DIY is supposed to be cheap.
woah 7:00 is trippy asfffffffff
Holy shit dude that's amazing, definitely doing it for my new room.
Bro what type of knife is that that's freaking awesome!!
the concepts for these are cool but real portal when looking in it you would see you back not your font, but portals dont exist yet so yeah still cool though, and can you touch you self in a portal by putting you leg out and trying to touch it with your hand?
i would only build it myself . if i saving money . lol . but cool anyway
( ?° ?? ?°) Heck yeahhhhhh
if i had this idea first i'd have a camera and oval displays so that way they'd transmit to the other display, making you be able to see yourself from behind, like a real portal mirror would
So Cool!
GLaDOS would be proud.
Damn ????
I sub because of this vid
Very nice...
wow, looks like you can jump right through xD
Cake anybody?
What song is that at 3:42? sounds great
SCHWEET.
New idea Have a screen the same shape of the mirrors and have a camera on top of each of them so the camera on the orange screen will project the image on the blue screen and vice versa so it will give it a more realistic effect
This deserves more views...
This is so sick!
Awesome work m8 , i think i gonna copy this :P . Greetings from Germany ;)
do more!!!!!!!!!
Dude that’s the coolest shit I’ve ever seen
VERY COOL!
this is freakin awesome!
Keep this type of content! ????
What is the name of the intro music? I've heard it everywhere and I'm desperate to hear more
This channels dead imo. To me and my friends at least, his personality is just bland, and seems forced. There isnt much originality and he hasnt founs a series that he wants to keep going concistantly. I am not saying he cant get better, but at this point he's annoying me. Plus hes always late to the hype train when it comes to tech.
This looked amazing and I'm definitely gonna try it. The only question is how to possibly make it cheaper, in the classic spirit of DIY...
how did he do the intro design
good????
This is the first video I've watched in months, I'm so glad I came back!
PLEASE MAKE MORE LIKE THIS, THIS IS EPIC! (Please excuse the caps, but it’s true)
I get Walter jr vibes from you ;)
Could you please do a reveiw of the Redragon usas mechanical keyboard?
dope af
Dang that's so cool
Amazing
nice Bowie Gamma Doppler
What LED Strip did you use? The link just searches Boomile on amazon but no LED Strips show up in there.
What's the first background song he uses for the first time lapse? :)
Waste of money
Some damn expensive mirrors xD Where I live I can get 'em for like 40 bucks each
Bootyfull
Well done. You are now in possession of the Amazon Science Handheld Mirror Device. With it, you can order your own mirrors. These multi-lightwave reflectors have been proven to be completely safe. The box however, has not. Do not thrown the box against a wall. Do not hold the box over your head. Do not submerge the box in liquid, even partially. Most importantly, under no circumstances should you sh4ud#fs1do)ifhoo*oo..
K. Now do this with them: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-5qptMYOMCg
Looks sick!
DAMN, best video of the week!
It annoys me that the mirror isnt perfectly in the middle of the two speakers
I’m actually going to try this
Sick ??
Today is my birthday, can i get like on comment
Now your thinking with portals
It would be cool to see a diy smart mirror
Would make it, but i don't have two parrallel walls ! ??
This is sick, love this. You should do more DIY videos! I'm really enjoying these
Aaaaand now I have to include portal mirrors in my room.
its great
MS Tech I love your video. It truely inspires me. Please reply me
Fun video to watch :)
AESTHETIC
goed
Oh my god this is genious
just realized you're called MS tech instead of ms. tech i'm so stupid
This is amazing!!!!!! ????????
Phenomenal
real nice
I came here for the real ones :(
thats dope.
And now take the Remote and make it into a portal gun.
You look so happy 5:25
Pretty sweet man make me one and I’ll pay you for it
This looks so cool, good job man
THAT LOOKS INSANE!!!
It looks so cool
Really nice actually
Now time to jump into the portal to see what happens
Dope :o
Great video man! Loved it :D
dope af
I Didn't Know Mirrors Were So Expensive. ;-;
Legitimately awesome ??
not as sick as dbs episodes 109+110
I am definitely getting this for my room ??
That looks..... AMAZING!!!
If you would have taken the time to straighten up and organize your studio this would have been impressive. Peace, John in Idaho :)
Absolutely amazing. I'm finding tons of inspiration for my dorm from you.
Love your video's keep up the good work
That is fuken littt, I think I might do something like that when I get my own apartment lol
It actually looks so dope
Looks amazing! Nice job! Also congrats on 500k subs, you deserve it!
"You can see the orange glow from that mirror in this mirror..." Gee thanks for telling us how mirrors work..... Woulda been lost without you...
Dope
I figured that he wasn't smart enough to figure out teleportation
I’m loving your videos lately. Keep up the good work! Stay classy ( ?°?????° )
The project style videos are great :) pretty sure we all love them
Still don't get why it was that damned expensive
Sweg...I spit all over myself...
can you link me the cable management clips
TECH SAVAGES WHERE YOU AT?!?
man this is so dope!! daaaamn
I’ve seen butter
This is.. This is amazing
God damm, even the mirror effect makes it look like it's a real portal
Holy heck that is cool
Dang it worked out really well!!!
This looks awesome! Might try it!
Not something I’m into personally but good video non the less
This concept is awesome, but I’d love to see you build a magic smart mirror. Not the crappy ones with tablets, but a cool high end one with voice control etc.
You probably could have got mirrors for a much cheaper price. Just saying.
But when you look in the mirror you see your face not like it is in portal
Get some heat shrink tubing and customize the power cord length.
what if we had to oval shaped monitors and had a life feed from one to the other. make it a true portal.
Film your family's reaction to seeing this plz
Cool
I love this! It’s a great idea!
This is so cool.
that actually looks so dope
That's awesome. Nice job.
Portal 2 is my favorite game everr so obviously I loved it, if i had a little more space in my room I would make this for sure. Great video!
Wow!! This is really awesome! You should do more vids like this one!!! I'm from Brazil, and I think your videos are really great!!
I want to make this
If only it was like proper portals (I know that’s impossible without cameras and shiz nizz) lime you look throug one and see your back, as that’s what the other portal would see.
I LOVE this concept! I think I'll do this myself! [goes to go build some portal mirrors] Wait.... [realization intensifies] I almost forgot! I'm DIRT POOR!!
Dude, listen... NO ONE FUCKING CARES IF YOU FIRST!!
Your videos are a perfect example of what you can do when you think you can do it keep up the great vids thank you
Ostehøvel?
Skirt
Hey nice vid
First
First one
Plz pin me and like
First?
This is lit
FIRST
Do you only upload once a week now
yoink
Ily
The suspense was so real, who will die first? Kirby? You? The Kill Mii?
Never have I seen one person put so much time and effort into one thing only to hate the product so extremely
You’ve inspired me to make it even smaller. My girlfriend is already pissed at both me and you like if we went drinking and brought back home a Victoria’s Secret build board and i barley told her my plans. If she kills me when i finish it ill give you credit for my personal inferno of a creation im going to call the ikilmii The only question is, how high can i set the standards for the poor scrub that’s gonna beat me and how much will i surprise even you?
Sad sad creation that is cool af I wish I could do that that’s awsome
You’re the “thanks! I hate it!” Meme embodied
My question is how many altoids did you have to eat
This is what I call 'meme genius' Can make very awesome thing... But refuse to and make shit like this for the sake of fuck know what...
this video has the same energy as when Frankenstein created the monster
This is amazing!!! Like I'm just speechless ! Technology is so fun.
I feel the hate in your voice for that little box ??
This was so neat to watch, hopefully I can get as good with technology as good as you
I think this is so cool dude. Even if it isn't practical...it's really cool.
This is the kind of dude you want with you in the apocalypse
1:23 Is that the sweet sound of a Discord notification?
Play Wii sports
But can you charge and play at the same time?
but the 3ds is a Wii portable
Mass produce
This is basically the smallest wii form factor i ever saw.. even Nintendo wouldn't be able to do that xD (joking for thr Nintendo part but it's so impressive) !
how much would it be to buy one??? i want one so badly now lol
who hurt you
Can you make a tutorial on how to build this? This is amazing!
3 minutes of quality gaming
If you had an external power pack, how long do you think this could run for?
honestly i wish I had one and before you try to ask me why, i really think it doesn't look bad. I mean it could look better obviously bt in this state it actually looks good. I would really want a tutorial for this
Thanks I hate it
Could you do this, but with outputs for tv and controllers so it would hook up like a normal wii? Ps: I mean like, without the screen and buttons, so it would basically be a more portable console, but still a console.
Make it last for 10 hours and you got yourself a deal!
go commit dii
this man with be the end of the world
How long is the battery?
You know what fuck the switch this is the future,used mint cans that have shitty controlls
You should make more and sell them
Fit the Wii remote into tiny boxes, so you can be waving your fingers around at an altoids box and tell people you're playing Wii Sports
Stuff other things into an altoids tin
REeeEeEeEee
I wished you showed us wii sports
You've got to be kidding mii
How far can you go in F-Zero GX?
Has science gone too far?!
I don't know what impresses me more, that you dedicated a year to this basically just because, or that it actually works really well for what it is. Either way, super impressed!
a modern frankenstein
I wanna see pirate’s plundarr
Why not make it a big external power pack that attaches to the back in another Altoids tin? It would let it have a few more mints of gameplay...
"Am I allowed to jon about my controller?" I A M C R Y I N G
IT'S BEAUTIFUL
wow thats so awesome
Is this the next switch model?
awesome man!
That is way cool. Regardless of how impractical, it is still really cool.
Bro. What?
I like how you stop to check your discord
All for only 10 calories.
Nice
Finally, portable video games.
So a DS without a second screen???
saw this on reddit. all i gotta say is, goddamn.
Anything thing wii can do kill mii can do better Anything kill mii can do wii can do better than you Next video: how to fit a entire ford f150 into a altoids tin and make it drivable with the ability to haul broken dreams and shattered lives....and a 5th wheel winnebago.
god bless this incel and his creation.....praise kek
Speedrun Skyward Sword with the motion controls before the battery runs out
Yo play the Metroid Prime Trilogy on this thing
Reminds me of when the iPod nano first came out and someone made a guide for how to replace the NAND with a 3.5’’ PATA hard drive. You could store considerably more songs and the battery could almost play maybe one and a half. http://uncyclopedia.wikia.com/wiki/Ipod_Nano_200gb_Instructions
Can it run DOOM?
Junk!
Now finish the curse and play Skyward Sword on it.
But can it run doom?
Has science gone too far?
Tmw your mom think you're eating mints But you're actually playing smash bros
Did you favorite every comment?
Oh if you have the ZL and Zr button
What's funny is that Kirby is low tier in melee.
I'm just commenting to get a heart.
You absolute madman.
I want to see skyward sword with some simulated motion controls. Or wii sports resort that would be very interesting and experimental (well of course anything from GC Wii is experimental on mobile)
Holy crap dude, you are a really legitimate God. "The battery takes a long time to charge and only lasts 10-15 minutes" obviously trash but it's amazing. I probably wouldn't even be able to take the inners out of my wii without screwing something up. BTW I have seen a couple of other projects that feature a portable GC or Wii, specifically BitBuilt and others on youtube. They totally blow my mind because I haven't taken any engineering courses but I'd love to get one! Of course we already have Dolphin though. The future of mobile gaming is dangerously good
I almost subscribed just on the introduction to this one video alone. Priceless.
I like how it didn’t die
You should do a speedrun on it.
Play Super Mario Galaxy. on it. You said it could run anything! :D
Truly a modern day Frankenstein, just in time for Halloween.
You show such a passionate hatred for your creation, and I like that.
I'll take twenty!
what the fuck
Your community sounds more loco than a tin of Altoids my friend
You could sell this, it just needs an actual case lol, and a better battery.
99.9% sure this voids the warranty lol Also, I wonder if Nintendo will recruit you guys to develop a miniature Wii handheld?
Next project you should make a Cinco Phone! But all kidding aside, this is a cool project. You set modest goals and met them admirably.
1:23 the discord notif threw me off so badly
The day we’ll be able to play dark souls on an Altair’s tin
This is something I would buy someone for Christmas.
That is amazing
Give me 10
The fact that you sound like you wanna die helps
On the next episode of " how did I manage myself to get to this video "
I would pay for this
I love that the only two videos on this YouTube channel are a mark of absolute ingenuity and perseverance, and then a dude shooting his friend with a foam rocket
kill mii end my miserii
can it run fortnite tho
I love how you kno that this is worst idea ever and spent a year doing it anyway lol
This is great! Regardless of the overheating or dying in ten minutes...the logistics shouldn't even be possible haha! Well done my man.
1 year?! 10 min battery?!
"am I allowed to john about my controller" yes, absolutely
this is one of the best things i have ever seen thank you for existing and making your abominations
Could you possibly plug in an extra battery? Or plug into wall?
You monster
FeelsBadMan discord ping 1:23 check my second moniter
Can you give me a full list of parts? Just in like text format? I really want to replicate this just because I think it’s cool!
can we see wii music
If the battery life was better and had nicer buttons I would absolutely love to have one of these. Being able to play Paper Mario TTYD on the go is a dream come true for me. Well done ??
This was no doubt worth it.
HOW
I'll take 20.
This is the most useless and terrible thing I'll ever seen. I'll buy 20
Do a ten minute speed run of a game, Zelda maybe? But first cover the buttons with something softer, that looks really painful.
Tony stark built it IN A CAVE!
But can it run Mintcraft?
doesnt the thing need cooling btw? i remember my wii had pretty strong small fans in it
I want to Kill Mii self
Youtube recommendations strikes again. Not that i'm complaining.
Play a Wii game on it! Please?
Please pay Mario Kart oh my God
so you made it into a slightly better wii u
I don’t even have words
How do you have so many subs lol you have 2 videos
“Made as just a joke” Runs Melee perfectly on a fucking Altoids tin
I legit was interested in the gameplay
The discord notification at 1:23 confused the fuck out of me lmao.
Can I waste my hard earned cash on this thing?
Now I'm curious.... if you can trim it to fit in an altoids tin, can you modify it to fit in a gameboy casing?
God has left the server
Imagine Seeing competitive Melee on this
The year is 20XX, everyone plays melee on altoids.
1:22 Discord goes off XD
I wanna see you play The Legend of Zelda Twilight Princess
The fact that it runs Melee faster then my laptop,makes me closer to commiting skooter ankle
No jons even for that controller
1:22 ya got a discord notification
So are ya gonna start mass-producing these things or what?
r/madlads
Very nice.
It's so good it's surreal
Sometimes I wonder: "How the hell do people do this shit with altoids." FUCKIN ALTOIDS.
The L & R not being on the back or sides like the Volume buttons is a deal breaker. Its still awesome that you did this
the fact that you can do this made me realize how stubborn nintendo is for not putting these games on modern consoles.
I dont know how I got here, but Im confused yet intrigued at the same time.
Ok now this is epic, especially its working on a altoids can (Dont be disappointed in this because that runs better than the Dolphin emulator on android)
This is the most delicious game system I ever seen.
But can it run Crysis?
F
Your voice is relaxing
I think I’ll get one for my depressed friend
Holy Farnsworth!
How much to buy this off you. I like conversation starters
Your scientists were so preoccupied with whether or not they could that they didn't stop to think if they should. Sweet build dude, that it works half as well as it does is a testament to your skill and dedication!
Whats next? Playing Skyrim on a cookie tin?
We spent so much time asking if we could, no one stopped to ask if we should. Has science gone too far?
But CAN it run doom
If you squint It looks like someone shot the can with a strong peashooter and cut holes in it
"Accursed creator! Why did you form a monster so hideous that even you turned from me in disgust?" ~Frankenstein's monster, Frankenstein (Mary Shelly)
The Wii U & Nintendo Switch are quaking. Nintendo? Snatched.
You had me at "called the 'kill mii'"
Imagine playing tony hawk on this
but can it run doom?
Woah
Are you okay?
I was tripping on the pacman mini game @ Wal-Mart this is jusy madness gr8 job bruv!
I never thought I’d see anything like this but I’m so happy I did, it’s awesome!
my mind is completely blown, you absolute madman
This is amazing.
Now try and make a portable Switch. Wait a second...
I love the Kill Mii Its so bad
Wow
Original Xbox in an Altoids Tin
This might be actually more comfortable to use than a N64 controller.
Please kill mii get the joke
You were so busy trying to see if you could that you never once thought about if you should
You were so preoccupied with whether or not you could, you didn’t stop to think if you should.
Maker contempt is the best kind of contempt. It's so much easier to gripe about the warts on something when you put them there.
"can it fit in an Altoids tin?" is the new "can it run Crysis?"
Imagine seeing a guy on the subway just take out an altoid tin and start playing it
"Kill Mii"
whats the music at 4:35?
yo my guy wtf u say its sucks but your awesome
>makes portable Wii >plays a modded version of Smash Bros. Melee, a GameCube game
TAKE MY MONEEEEEYYYYY
You should put a ps4 in a tic tac container
Where do I order one?
Looks awesome to me! I new Gameboy micro update design in play??
that mf discord sound made me go crazy trying to figure out why it sounded and no notifs from my brofags wtf man
1968:I bet we will have flying cars in the future 2018: playing smash in a can for holding mint
This doomaflotchie is GLORIOUS!
So, something that I would like to see is the same mod but built into a Wii U pad.
And now cancer will never be cured because people were working on projects like this...
play brawl on it...
It's good and all but why melee, should've done subspace on Brawl smh.
What a title.
When aliens finally come to earth, they will be proud that this exists.
The.
That discord notification at 1:22
My only question is... Is it for sale?
I can’t believe you did this, good fucking game, man.
if you favorite every comment is it really a favorite?
i saw you posted this on reddit weeks before, you said it was the worst thing ever, overheats and very bad battery. Seeing this in action is amazing but also silly, the fact that you took a year to finish this was crazy. All i can say is bravo and mad respect for playing melee on the kill mii.
Thanks, I hate it
Can a nintedndo switch fit inside an altoids tin?
But can it run CRISIS?!
We living in 2018 while this nibba living in 3049
...I kinda want one, I dont even like the Wii and I want one. Why must electronics in altoids tins be nifty and fun to play with?
"Someone had to do it" No...no they didn't....But I'm glad you did!
But can it run Doom?
The discord notification at 1:23 really made me look around to see who pinged me.
Illuminati: “stay where you are” Harvard: “yo you want a scholarship my nigga” Nintendo: “our lawyers will be in contact with you very soon”
I was waiting for this thing to slice you open the whole video.
Play summer olympics
Nintendo could team up with you to sell these things and make bank! ....but theyd rather send you a cease and desist letter.
I literally wanna buy something like this
quality looks great for the size
CUT MY LIFE INTO PIECES.**THIS IS MY LAST WII-SORT
next is the Xbox One X in an Arizona Tea can
Yo this is pretty cool dude. Great work!
It's called the K I L L M I I Why hasn't Nintendo hired this man yet?
How would you play a game that requires motion controls?
"lasts 10-15 minutes but takes a few hours to charge" starting to have mad respect for the switch.
How heavy is it?
aNyOnE wAnNa PlAy WiI sPoRtS?
Such a good way to be introduced to this community. GG
So... you spent an entire year shoving a Wii into an Altoids tin as a joke and just because you could? Respect.
Lol fit the switch in that size
I’ve never seen such casual hate before ... i tip my hat to you sir
i'll pay ANYTHING for you to send me one of those fuckers right NOW!!!!!! PS which Korby game is that?
how much?
Let’s be honest here: soon everyone will have some sort of console into an altoid can.
I... want one
My god... You could do so much with so little (littlally)
Your voice is soothing
Do Luigi's mansion!
1:22 Dammit, you made me check my Discord
Bayonetta?
if i was smart this is something i would do
Part of me actually wants one of these.
BUT… Can it run Crysis?
I didn't think this was real, then I started watching the video. It's cute...and beyond anything I can do right at this moment, even tho you hate it lol.
mii_irl
Next can you make the pii pii?
I wonder, if you attach a link cable port to this and run a GBA game through a homebrew emulator (think trading with pokemon emerald for example), would it be possible to trade?
Bruh you realize you could just pull this out at any time and just start playing games
you're a god amongst men
This is some genius level stuff
this guy spent a year on a joke, thats dedication Edit: this is better than the switch. Proof? It has melee.
can it run doom?
To be honest, if Nintendo sold a fully working version of this with cartridges, I would buy it. Would it be theoretically possible to use gyroscopic sensors to turn the actual console into a wii mote?
This reminds me of my Sega game gear, amazing device lasted about 10 minutes with the batteries I stole from my TV remote and my rc car
This is fucking impressive.
There should be a speedrun category for using this
That moment when you realize most of the space of a wii was for the ports and the drive
theoretically, would it get hot enough to cause any hardware damage?
Dang I'd want to see skyward sword or maybe Metroid prime running on this thing
this is the dumbest thing I've ever seen I salute you, good sir
I'd say fuck the altoids tin, put the insides in a decent sized portable, get a gigantic battery for it (maybe something like 50w/hrs, and call it the best portable wii in the world, because it would be.
I hate melee
I would love to see someone play a 12+ hour RPG like Xenoblade in 10-minute bursts with this thing
"Do you think God stays in heaven because he, too, lives in fear of what he's created?" Also I just have to see Metroid Prime Trilogy on this monstrosity
Wii Sports please
I can’t wait for “Nintendo Switch in Shoelace”, next time.
It's smaller than a Gameboy, you could market this for girls and call it....the Gameboy-girl ??????
You are a Good Damn beautiful genius. I salute you.
This is pretty neat, but can it run DOOM?
why is this garbage suggested to me
Can you kill me because I saw the Kill Mii?
Great job, dude(s)!
THIS IS IMPRESSIVE!!.......... ................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................but why tho?.
I'll buy 12 please
This is beyond science
Dad: why is the FBI here?
give this to mii
Make the battery last longer. please
The real question is what would it cost to buy but in a better design? Such as in a GameCube controller?
2018, what a time to be alive Funny how we can't get Melee (or any gamecube game, for that matter) on the Switch, but here you are running it on an altoids can.
Nintendo should have done this with the Wii U. Mint case and all.
edit. me being a random potato warning i have a random thought lol I bet you could fit ur penis in their because its tiny like mine but im 12 so mine hasant poked out yet but i can finger my indent to cum pain in the a*s to clean including mycum
I definitely want to see Twilight Princess run on this thing.
I'm surprised it was possible...
This is fucking ugly, fucking retarded, and fucking amazing all at the same time. TAKE MY GODDAMN MONEY ALREADY.
Do you have any plans to make a switch portable?
This is insanely cool, yet insanely dumb. It is incredible to think about the possibilities this implies, though. With enough work, you could theoretically make a comfortable to use portable version of the Wii. Like a DS, but with more power. This is amazing.
i wanna see u play donkey kong jungle beat
He sure does like altoid
The nooses are a great touch
Why you say wii sports like it is crap? It is the best game ever i loved it!!
hi
Make a rumble pack for it
That's awesome work ! I feel like the top of the Altoids can should be all screen no built in controls with a kick stand to prop it up then just using the wiimote would be perfect lol
Throws money at screen WHY IS NOTHING HAPPENING
You: creates a Wii in a mint container Me: How do I work this oven?
Kill mii mor like kill me ex deeehehehehahhahahahah
A ps vita In a altoid tin would be weird but funny honestly
Damn, smash ultimate looks great
Pretty
But will it blend
Real question: can it run games meant for an accessory that came with it? (Like guitar hero o, or taiko no tatsujin)
You should port doom on skyrim to it, to complete the meme circle
A working wii in an altoids tin called the kill mii TIME WELL SPENT
People really just do whatever
looks brilliant, really cool!
tbh I’d love to see Mario kart on this thing if you have it or if you can
they just put anything in a can nowadays
fit it in a tic tac container
Genius
i for some reason want one
That's cool I want one I would like to see a wrestling game
Can i have the kill mii
Can i have it
Dude this is fucking hilarious. These programmers have the most dry humor and are killing it on YouTube. I swear he will reach 100k fast as fuck if he uploads more. Much love my dude
I could total see myself playing animal crossing city folk as if it’s new leaf
The two nooses is my favorite part
I am become Death, the destroyer of worlds - Oppenheimer
But can it run Crysis?
Is there a way I can buy one of these?
Wii in an altoid can?? Hold my beer.... *instructions unclear *penus stuck in altoid can
Me:*sees thumbnail* probably click bait Him:*I hate it* Me: based on how nonchalant he says this, im inclined to beleive him
Mario galaxy
How much for one?
I want that so bad tbh. Amazing job.
looks dangerous
C U R I O U S L Y S T R O N G
you sir, have earned my sub.
wow
Next up wii u
You've done better than the guys at smach z and you did it on a personal budget. Granted you are not building somthing from scratch but youve got a working device that isnt teathered to a pc.
I would love to see a wii u gamepad that is actually portable and plays all wii and gc games, you can Kill Mii and take my soul to see it happen!
Are you,, alright??
I want to see you play Wii Sports on it
But This is awesome I couldn't do this
I want to see Smash tournaments played on this
For the request, Rhythm Heaven Fever and/or Xenoblade Chronicles? :) Great job btw..... I've never seen someone hate something they made so much.
1:22 alright, who went and checked discord
WHAT
pff cant even wavedash
KIIIILLLL MEEEE
Not all heroes wear capes. (Great Video.)
play just dance on it
you’ve got the patience of god to have made something that despicable
Does someone notes, that there is no Super Smash Bros Melee tittle screen on this video?, is that possible?....is that a romhack?
Shut up and take my money!
get on it todd howard
i dont have any background in electrical engineering, pcb's and what not, but i am just blown away on how could you trim a factory made factory spec pcb with all those microchip thingies intact, can you do a seperate video comparing the internals of a normal unmodded wii to this glorious thing for us normal peeps :D , and again, i am just stumped and amazed you could fit a wii in that thing damn.
Now the question is: can it run doom?
thank you! it’s hideous!
I'm interested to know if there's any interference from the casing with other Bluetooth controllers. Great execution on kind of a shitty idea lol.
I love this new trend of hilarious super programmer's who hate their inventions showing up on youtube.
Would be cool to put a wii-u inside the touch screen controller.
Can I buy it!
No joke though, you could make a really awesome portable Wii with how much you were able to trim the board.
Dude stop talking trash on this creation, its beautiful
My god this it the most beautiful and hateful rage mod console. Is it possible you can do that on the GBC, GBA, NDS?
Now make a wii with only a napkin
It’s quite awesome what you did here with custom PCBs. Down the road I’d like to make my ultimate Melee portable in a similar gameboy-esque form factor. >>hope my batteries dont run dry >>picks floaties on dreamland Anyways the fan would work better if you move the intake to the opposite end of the device for maximum air flow. With proper cooling and batteries this device really would be worth a different title!
Thanks you, but no thank you. Would this thing be cooler/better in a Gameboy shell?
Let me buy it please
how many thousands of dollars can i buy this for
Kirby whooping that ass
The Tintendo Wii
Impressive yet so sad to think you hate it so much. I understand that such pain comes from dedicating so much time to what is just a handheld Wii.
Everyone say “Thank you friend Noah” for the custom circuitboard
Yo how much for it? I probably would buy this from you.
I personally would of called it the Wii Boy.
I’m not saying I’m hating but that’s a portable GameCube
Can u do a basic quide
Melee players would take this if it meant keeping the game relivant
cant wait to see your version 2
Man just thinking about playing harvest moon on such a tiny scale....
Curiously strong.
Now do PS4
Is that real
The Nintendo altoid portable wii
Lmao the captions called it a weed portable. ??
Ironically enough the fact that it takes a few hours to charge and gets you about 10-15 minutes of gameplay is perfect for me. It would be excellent for breaks at work and school. Excellent job on this curiously small portable.
Next: Pornhub in a jar
Do you sell things
Do you cell thing
Creo que esta mas potente que mi pc :v
That is the craziest thing I've seen in quite a while. Cant believe a wii can be made so compact.
you probably need a magnifying glass or something to play some wii games with how far you'll be with a wiimote
This thing is impressively awesome.
this is so fake
Very cool!
WHAAAAAAAAAAT
Stills no video of it actually running
So this is the leaked Nintendo Switch 2019 Patent...
kill mii now
Gtfo! Lmao!
No matter what it’s great how you turned a tin box into a Wii??.
Mario kart
This has better battery life then the Oculus Go LOL
I WANT IT SO BAD
Who wants to bet the 132 dislikes were Nintendo?
So when are you selling this !!?
Its called the kill me... it's the worst thing ever
Earbuds?
Dude! Your going places! This is awesome!??
'Hello everybody, today i'm going to show off my latest project. it's called the kill me."
the fact that you can fit a Wii in a fucking altoids tin inspires me to try and make my own Wii portable. You earned my subscribe for that riddiculous feat of engineering.
How much ??????
Theoretically, how much would you charge for a portable PS2? Because despite how absolutely haunted this is, it's also super commendable for being a "why the hell not" project that did get finished.
People say science has gone too far. I say science hasn't gone far enough.
amazing!!! great job.
1:23 discord notification bruh turn it down lmao
Do the Wii U.
This is incredible. I will say the Short life use of batteries is a flaw, but honestly this is cool. Imo maybe two years, Wii/GameCube emulation on phones is gonna be capable with 30 fps and minor frame drops. 4.5/5 Very creative..just needs better cooling.
Dude you could totally help design handheld consoles for a gaming company based on this. You would just need to make changes to the buttons lol
Great for speedruns
Bro your KillMii expired last month. 36 days ago from the making of this post to be exact. (37 if you're not West Coast)
1:22 @everyone
Builds portable Wii Plays Melee
Are u just randomly on?
NOW THATS TALENT
This is like my favorite "B" movies, so awful that they're great.
NOW DO A KILL SWITCH
plays xenoblade on altoids box
But Melee isn’t on the Wii?
Insane talent, deserves way more views!
What do I do to become this tech savvy?
Nintendo would call this the New Wii Mini
OK, I'm sickened but curious
There's Hope for this project Just write labels on the buttons Problem solved 100% working, garunteed or your money back
Where's my heart?
I now have the explosives I need to kill mii
Dude play Zelda twilight princess
Huh... why is the real wii so big then
Someone start making shirts that say "Kill Mii" in the Wii font, pls. All proceeds go to this poor man's therapy costs.
It’s pretty cool
Super Mario galaxy !!
When I was watching this I literally checked when it was made because it seems so crazy that i thought it was an April fools joke
Before there was a Switch.
Thanks I hate it.
as much as you hate this device. its still a feat. to make something this small, it takes skill.
Science run amok! https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kY-pUxKQMUE
this is dope
Play guitar hero 3 legends of rock
Can you add an hdmi port or something?
you madman!
Why tho
This had not gotten enough views. This is too fantastic.
Honestly, this should be at an arts exhibition
Id rather have this instead of the switch
What is your major? Pimp shit?
Can you play No More Heroes with this?
This is incredible WOW!
Do you think it'd be possible to make it horizontal like a GBA and have buttons on either side of the screen instead?
Engineers are always suicidal it comes with the knowledge we posses
Nds tin edition?
This altoids tin would be perfect for the next melty blood tournament.
Would love to see you play some Wii bowling on this
This is so god damn cool!
Can you make a tutorial?
Why ?
Macgyver would be proud.
This is super cool! I think a wii in dsixl shell would also be cool. That way you have more space for better buttons, battery, etc.
Oh my gosh no way!!! I bet you are crazy good at math, it must be so satisfying to know you can do something like this
You are the Victor Frankenstein of the video game hardware hacking scene
You should do this on a psp
Can you charge and play or would it get to hot or die lol?
Nintendo would like to know your location
you are an absolute madman, I thank you for your service sir
Bro have some pride in you work this thing is fucking impressive
beautifull work man :3 i suscribe
I have headphones on and the dog barking legit freaked me the hell out, due to the binaural audio. props on your absurd portable wii, though.
Excellent work
I'll take 10
damn.you really bout to do this to mii
Starts playing at 3:43
Sell it. Please.
I think that hardware deserves a 3d_Printed custom new home later. Great execution with the custom rewiring of vital components into such a small form factor. a rebuild could be called the "Revive Mii" lmao For something that's supposed to be a joke, it turned out to be something pretty cool.
Plz make me one with super smash Bros on it and a bunch of other games :'(
How about taking out the hardware fron the PSP than putting in this Wii hardware would it work or not
Love how he checks his phone when he gets a notification in the middle of filming
But does it wave dash? ??
Kind of embarrassing but I thought you was Kirby.
Does the can get hot?
plays GameCube game on Altoids tin Nintendo: you can play nes games on the switch for a low price of 4.99 a month
Could you make a video showing off skyward sword
what a nice name??
10 minutes....long charge, overheating problems in a metal tin ????????????
*3ds
Is this the Nintendo Wii Classic? Looks great!
This is the coolest shit I have ever seen and you hate it so much it hurts lol
Are... You... Ducking... Serious Dude...? You really did that... Wow. I... I just... You're so Casual about it... Like it's nothing... My man, you put the whole Wii shits inside of a FFFFFFFUCKING ALTOIDS TIN... A WII... IN A TIN... AND IT'S NOTHING TO YOU... I so wish i could be at so high of a tech wizz level, that i could just discount the sheer epicness of my amazing creation. I love how crude it is. Adds to the charm. I am not kidding when i say i would bust that out on the subway with full confidence.
if you were to sell it how much would you value it?
slow claps
Dude, whether you hate it or not, this is ridiculously amazing. Kudos
Woah... Now Melee is the freshest smash game!
"You were so preoccupied with whether or not you could do it, you didn’t stop to think if you should."
Play wii call of duty games.
Wait, so you took an actual Wii, gutted it, and crammed it all into an Altoids tin? Take my money lol
Great Project... you could possibly build the internals in a new housing that can store a bigger battery so that it is more practical.
Amazing! Im glad you blew up from this vid :)
It's called the kIll me.
I will buy this for $69,420 Where do I buy?????1?
Patent and sell it back to Nintendo those dumbfuccs would probably buy it.
butwhy.gif
Wow, dude, I'm a fan of that casual despise you have acquired for that creation of yours..... I would love to see you try to complete a Mario Galaxy 2 star with that 10 minute limitation. Anyway, loved it, you earned a sub.
Take a shot every time he says wii or we
Beautiful
Angry Discord Notification Sound
Why don’t you put right/left shoulders on the top ?
HAS SCIENCE GONE TOO FAR?!?!
Metriod prime 3
I have a friend who seems to always have altoids with him, and he gives them out to people during school. I'd love to bring this thing to school just to one up him Lol
i hope someone eventually takes a 3ds/2ds XL case, and puts wii internals inside. i feel like itd be a good fit, but everybody thinks different so idk.
This but in a gameboy shell would be awesome omggg
I need one of these
Shank mods can you make me one please?
"That thing could run your heart for fifty lifetimes!" "Or something small for 15 minutes."
It looks awesome!
Hey, it's so cool to see something like this. I checked out your channel to watch your other videos, but I guess this is your first one. I look forward to seeing future projects. This is great production value for a first video too!
"Kill Mii 2," now with 2 more minutes of battery life! - My god man this looks so stressful to even showcase never mind actually plan and build... P.S: what did you do with all those mints?
JUST KILL MII ALREADY!
I mean, I would want one
What a monstrosity. I love it! XD
Pretty dope. Mission accomplished imo. BUT CAN IT FIT IN AN ALTOIDS TIN? YES ? Yes it can.
Better than "Diys mini Pc's"
Next up: making a portable computer. Oh wait....
Play call of duty world at war
Play metroid prime 3 on it
takes hours to charge......lasts 10 minutes.....this is hilarious! awesome job man!
Is this a cry for help?
1:05 Your Wii is past its expiration date.
Looks like shit
Shank Mods: Anything Wii can do, we can do better
So he spent a year on a joke?
To test out a wii mod, I played a gamecube game!
id use it if the battery lasted longer than 10 mins
Make Oculus Rift in a tic tac container
I wish I was that good to make a portable wii
Play fortnite on it
I WiSh SoMe OnE WoUlD KiLl Me
This is both stupid and Awesome. 5star for the effort. now I want one
I noticed that a lack of internal clock battery, was this just hidden behind the tape or done on purpose?
Me: Can't even win against pichu on a normal gamecube Shank: Annihilates a 20XX Kirby on a 2-inch screen using the worst controller possible k
But can your Kill Mii fit in a wii? . hmmmmm
You're insane.
Ah, this is... Ah.
I'm curious how you learned to do all this? Did you take software classes at school or did you somehow self teach yourself?
xd
I would totally buy this
Finally my yt recommendations don’t suck.
How can something be so dumb yet be so cool
Why tho
I know it's not pretty and you don't like it but that aside the whole thing is actually very impressive
my reaction- WOAH THIS IS ACTUALLY IMPRESSIVE WORK you- This sucks..
This is actually amazing and inb4 nintendo sues you
i love the name lol You're also incredibly talented.
If I didn’t see it I wouldn’t of believed it was true to make this it’s stupid but cool at the same time.
I almost feel like it would be cooler if you took out the screen, battery and controller, added a video out (maybe HDMI if that's possible?) And basically turn it into a super compact home console.
Dude I will buy 1 or 2 of these off of you message n lets see what we can work out
But, will it run Doom?
You are kidding right? You have to, that's just impossible, mi mind can't handle this :O
Now make a Wii into an Altoids tin
Are you an electrical engineer?
But can you multishine with it?
The Tinii
what kind cable you used for connecting nand flash memory to audio amp?the thinnest one... and how to get that custom circuit board?let me knw please...
Thumbs up for this, that is so cool. If you can do it for fun in an Altoids can, I imagine cellphones should be playing console games in only a few more years. At least Xbox 360 and Ps3 games..
"A creator that hates his own creation"
But can I run Skyrim?
I mean at least it smells minty fresh
ive seen everything life has to offer
Lol that's a crazy looking device. It almost looks like it was made in after effects haha awesome. Would love to see more gameplays. Homebrew would be impressive.
I request you play no more heroes on the Kill Mii.
very creative name i love it please send me one
7:58 yeah, not sure he means the game here
But can it fit in a Tic-Tac container?
looks like a dumb piece of shit
If you extended the box and added a dual 2600 watt through a small amp you could extend the battery life by at least 2 hours
Man has never come so far as you have...
But the real question is, can you make a smart phone a TV monitor, whip out a controller, and start playing it right there? I’d buy that right away. It may not be as fancy as an Altoids Wii, but it’s still pretty cool!
With headphones, it sounded like my dog was barking like crazy in the other room. She never barks like that though, so it worried me for a second. Then I paused the video and it stopped.
Fanatic
But can it run mind sweeper
Do it on a tic tac box next
Y’all don’t know how bad I wish I was this talented.
Dbz bt3 please
When the Wii couldn't get any smaller
This looks stupid I want 20 of those
If I was on a committee, you would earn a PhD in engineering for this. I this want so bad.
make the wii in a lunch box next
Shush up and take muh money
Love the 1, 2 Oatmeal instrumental on that map
Play rock band
No johns when your controls are minty fresh
Wow better than the switch
XD I wish I had a portable wii to play stuff like Super Mario Bros. Wii. Nice job.
Real torture play Monster Hunter Tri
Onna take a loooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooong time to charge. I'm meaning onna take a looooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooong time to charge.
Omg this is super cool
Asmr
Those buttons are smaller that the GameCube dpad. I’m amazed and horrified at the same time.
I would actually use this. No joke.
Why not make these and sell them on eBay? People would pay about 300$ for em
WiiToid™
But can it run doom?
this is kind of pointless since the switch came out you should have done it to a PS4 instead love the video by the way
Wavedashing on the subway
Yo, wanna play on my portable set up? Bust out the altoids!
This is extremely impressive! Great work!
That's so amazing!!! You should do a Nintendo Switch Portable too.
we got emulation boi
This is amazing??
Just got off with the C.H.I.E.F. and he told me this post is "It".
Are you selling it?
I wanna be smart !! ????
Dang. It’s crazy you can shrink a Wii to that size
here can i buy this peice of rubish
Still better than my potato pc.
Builds it I hate it
Now now... but can it fit in a small Altoids can¿
You should epoxy the tops of 12 gauge shotgun shells over your 3ds sticks. It would be like 10 minutes of russian roulette every time you played. ;)
Dude sounds like the "Hi, my name is Reggie" meme.
WOW ILY
Best. Wii. Ever.
I cant imagine playing wii sports on a screen that small... DO IT
You're truly a legend
Im mad now
Just subscribed!!!
You are blasted insane
Play mario galaxy or Zelda
It’s hideous kill it before it breeds lol thanks for pointing that out in the first few seconds keep on making cool stuff!
netplay?
You've basically created something as cool as a time machine and you're like "Eh, This thing kinda sucks"
wtf
Sponsored by Altoids
This is the worst thing ever. I love it.
you should put an hdmi port for a tv
Ok, this is actually creative
Dude this is great you should send this to Nintendo
I would take this but put it in the body of an old gameboy the one that doesn’t fold or an old psp
PLAY MARIO GALAXY
Um....
That's amazing! Great job!
128,128 views XD
But can it wavedash?
7:58 you and me both brother
This masterpiece was posted on my 19th birthday, Lol. Awesome job btw!
Nice work.
Is Anna see super Mario galaxy on this.
Kill Mii: "The only console that melts in your mouth... And your hands."
the question is WHY?
Ridiculously awesome!
Bravo sir
this burns my eyes and my occipital lobe
Wii Classic Edition!!!
This is seriously amazing
For those of you who thought this would be impossible well....... Al-Toid you so.... shoots himself
Congrats, I guess? With your tone, I'm not very sure.
Where are your hot points?
It’s consoles like the “Kill Mii” the make me happy to live in this world
You should play Black ops 1
I have some ideas for your cooling issue
RDR2 looks better
How did you cut the blue wire without it breaking. And is this battery custom or from the wii itself, how much volts does it input and outsputs. Edit: also can i copy this :D?
Kinda Frankenstein, it’s ugly but it’s alive! I think the negative part is the battery, looks good to me (sorry for my English)
You know I'm something of a scientist myself
Theres the spirit.
kill me
I'm so glad this showed up in my recommendations.
Awesome
I know how to make a sandwich
All we need now is to play super smash bros. Ultimate on a hand.
He must have had some inspiration from ant-man and the wasp
Now make portable Altoids in a Wii controller.
you and your friend were so preoccupied with whether or not they could, they didn’t stop to think if they should
Even the Altoids Tin can play with four Ice Climbers. Come on, Nintendo 3DS.
"it's made as a joke" took more than one year ggwp
A how much would u sell it for and B where can I get the materials to make it
What the hell. this guys the smartest man on earth!! i can see u going far nice job man??????????????????
This is horrific, yet amazing.
Play f zero gx lol
I want one.
I have the Snail Much W1. It would be a cool project to build one from scratch and you'd be one of the few people that could pull that off.
did you use a wii mini?
I'll take ten
Just amazing. I know how hard this was to do. Glad you didn't give up.
You have way too much time on your hands dude.. Pretty damn cool
what the fuck
Press start... "Welp, it was good in theory"
kill mii more like kill me. ????
How cool would this run as Wii mini classic? I imagine without the screen, controller and battery this would be a Raspberry Pi killer. The coolest portable console I've ever seen
Make another one in a portable black and white CRT and call it the WiiRT
I see, I see. So Wii-mini is confirmed.
What the actual lol. That's amazing! I was expecting some rasberry stuff in there. but Damn. I still want me a MintiPi.
instead of making this for joke purposes you should put this in a bigger handheld form factor case so that you can fit a bigger battery and screen, then sell it. i'd buy it
Introducing the 4ds
how much ??
this is actually pretty cool!!! i wish i had something like this that i could've snuck in school.
pls kill mii
Just wow. I am truly at a loss for words.
Fucking mad lad
This is nintendos stability update we all been waiting on
I have no words
K I L L M I I.
Wii can what's next wii portable chair
Next on Shank Mods: Altoids Tin in a Wii console
Honestly I thought this was a joke.
Make a switch in Altoids and call it Kill Mii deluxe
Why not upgrade the fan and make it to where it can be externally powered?
rip Shockslayer
Wow the wires are so clean!!!
I'll take two please!
That's a terrible title for your new console! It should be DOOT mii
Id buy it
the cancer that is killing modding.
Kill mii
I burst out laughing after hearing it's battery life. What a terrible thing you've made lol!
Fake. You can see the pixel tracking mess up when the display turned on. The audio isn't genuine.
Has science gone too far?
Eat your heart out Nintendo. Got 1 Uped by a Guy With a Altoids Tin!
You are insane And I love you for it Keep up the good work
My best phone can't even play PS1 games
How much is it? Where can I buy one?
Custom board? Not a Wii anymore. Sorry
So you can fit a wii inside an Altoids can but Nintendo after 8 years can’t make a 3ds that runs games of the same quality as the wii. Cool..
holy guacamole
this really makes u think how an xbox one X will eventually be able to run at that size
Impressive! Never would have thought that a Wii could be so small without sacrifcing functionality!
are you serious right now how can you not love this sign mii up
Make another one called "Kill Mii and yourself" and make terrible ads for it.
How much are you selling for? Trick question doesnt matter
This is the real question even science can't answer: When and where can I buy one?
You create and you hated. I loved.
a bit pathetic lol could you please try to put this into a PSP shell? god that would be awesome to see. Ive seen a raspberrypi and thought it was the coolest thing before. next to a hacked psp a hacked wii is the coolest thing for retro gaming. Would be aweome to see wii and gamecube games on it plus better n64 emulator on a wii, only thing is it wouldnt play psp iso's anymore lol. I mod psp systems physically too, if youre interested, cover the shipping cost and ill send a pretty good body and whatnot you may need to do it. I should have at least 1 of each generation. It say a 1000 to have more room internally to work with. But yeah, paid that with a 4.3in screen and we're in business (dont think i have a screen) but lmk dude!
This is the best worst thing I've ever seen. Kudos, dude. This thing is both rad and bad, so I shall declare it... Brad
around 1:22 did anyone else check their discord?
points for the creative name
Wow, just...wow. How much for it?
When your constantly traveling everywhere for Melee tournaments and cant play regularly outside of tourney but Smash Bros is life...
Wii sports wii fit
1:22 Discord
That looks soooo cool I swear I wish I had this when I was 14 at school !! Nice job
I just love how much hate your creation regardless its awesomess.
i fucking hate this
This guy should have more subscribers than me!
But... can it play Mario Kart Wii Online?
BONE APPLE TEETH
lmao not a single shield drop what a noob
The new optimal way to play melee on the go, how much does it cost?
Ill buy it for 999999
Pensé que esto era imposible un poco más de estética y queda genial
I'd say it's worth it.
1:23 who was messaging you on Discord?
What is this piece of shit I'll take twenty
Could this be done in a slightly larger but still portable size that has a better battery life/doesn't overheat?
That's cool and all, but where do the disks go in?
I'll take three.
At least you didn't choose fox
You should do something about that background noise, Your dog's barking is very distracting.
why does it sound like you're about to cry was it really that bad?
1:23 @everyone
This is actually amazing
Kill Me: Portable Gun in an Altoids Tin
Not all heroes wear capes... unless you are wearing a cape, in which case, they all do. Amazing job, this is one of the coolest projects I have ever seen regardless of how practical it is.
this is pathetic and useless i'll buy it
Ok but can you fit it in a tic tac box
Wii nano mini... hey, that's pretty good
try and put a bigger battery
I can see how much you love your creation by the name
I would buy this off of you.
This is cool
Madlad.
How do games with motion controls work? Or do they just... not.
I would give you like 2000$ and you hate it lol
Mod me daddy
How?
What is this unholy abomination you’ve brought into the world and where can I get one? P.S. since you asked; can you somehow map the controls to play games like Mario Galaxy on this thing? That would be interesting to see.
cool
So you spent a year of your time for a joke?
"Portable Wii" he is playing smash Bros for Gamecube
but can it fit inside a wii?
How can you fit a game in such a small screen?
well if it works in an altoid can, try a gameboy advance sp
Also i need one of these in a vita shell
Can I buy $600
Very Impressive and I thought I had something cool a few years back. Check it out if you want. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tJOnPkTgk94
I promoted this bad boi, really great work here!
I call witchcraft
now we NEED Wii U
Thank you Kanye, very cool!
I'm sceptical of the authenticity of this monstrosity
Shank mods,I want you to play Mario Kart Wii on this Altoid Can Wii which for some reason you named it Kill Mii.
October 3, 2019 NASA Supercomputer in an Altoids Tin
kickstarter?
Why?
Do you think it can run wario Ware?
i wanna see skyward sword! it's a shit game, but it would be cool to see it on this!
Wow this is really cool
Competitive Super Smash Bros. Brawl on an Altoids tin.
Could you 3d print a case? Could you put a battery in the case? If I want to start doing things like this where should I start?
I can barely assemble Walmart furniture with instructions and we got this guy over here making a gaming system with an altoid can
Oh.....
Wow.
can I BUY one?
this is unholy
you have said the battery last 10 minutes abut a billion times
>trim the board Okay >Put in homebrew software Hmmm >Custom pcbs for controllers Uh >putting it in an Altoids tin Uhhhhh >10 minutes battery that takes an hour to charge AAAAA >manually relocating the Nand and resoldering all those surface mount points >AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA >IT TURNS ON AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA
nice job for a joke, and is playable lol
I need one Kill me
If this isn't the single best name for anything ever, then I don't know what is.
I hate it so much that I love it! Edit: wOw 4 lIkEs mUm wiLl bE sO prOUd!
Sure, you are able to play the Wii, but your breath probably stinks now....
BUT WHY
Mind blown!??
This is still EPIC! <(^-^)>
the name is the Best part
This Wii expired Sep 2018 according to the casing.
3:00 thank me later
I don't know whether I should be impressed or sorry for you
This is too beautiful
your scientists were so preoccupied with whether or not they could that they didn't stop to think if they should.
This feels so wrong, but oh so right. But mostly wrong.
You can use the mints to cool it down
youre a rockstar
XBONE in a pringle's tin when?
>its charge time can last up to a about 2 dozen times as long as its battery life Kill Mii didn't fit as nice as it does after hearing this desu
Welcome to iterative engineering, dude. Now you gotta make like 6 or 7 more of them until you feel mildly satisfied with it.
4:20 music pls?
Awesomeness
Despacito
Hey, that's pretty good!
You can make this a kit on sudomod and make hella cash
Someone tag sudomod, this is genius
Run Fortnite lol
Shank, you are amazing. I've never even built a RetroPi, and here you are making something that would cause Ben Heck to say "What the hell man?" Bravo!! :)
I don’t even know .......just have fun
Worst gameplay, best game :D
KILL ME PLZ
How much did it cost to build
This is epic
Awesome.
Veri gut
I used to connect my Wii to a DVD player and that was convenient but this? :P
Who'd think this could be done. I was honestly waiting on a raspberry to show up. By doing this your gonna have alot people doing this
The casual hatred you display for your creation is hilarious.
I love it so much it has earned a spot in my personal meme Playlist
Shank for President
Wii classic edition sorted!!
* makes portable wii, uses it to play gamecube games *
That wii is suffering. Release it from her misery, kill her... She doesn t deserve so much pain...
It even comes with it's own little noose awww that's cute.
So it fits in a gba shell..
Battery lasts ten to fifteen minutes. So just a little longer than the Game Gear!
"Hello everybody, today I'd like to show off my latest project, it's called The Kill Mii" shots himself This is America
Sucks that you had to get the lcd from adafruit. I have been looking for a 2in composite lcd for a bit. They are hard to find and adafruit is always out. Now after reading your post kinda worried to even order from them anyway.
I’ve never seen a creation with such associations with the gods...
When will shit like this be on the market for reasonable prices
but can it run Doom?
Hey I love it man! I had to feature you on my website. You aren't the only one spending a lot of time working on something you hate. I spent the last 2 years on vigeos.net and now it's just become a habit to post videos on there everyday to share with my friends. It's like a community I built for my inner friend circle. Just don't have the heart to shut it down, unlike your portable after 10 minutes haha!
"We were too busy asking if we could. But we never stopped to ask if we should" - Man attacked by Raptors
Awesome
Could you donate this console to me if you don't like it?
10 minutes of battery life playing melee? 10 minutes is all I need
This should be in a museum of cursed items
Next: PS4 in an Altoids can.
This is actually cool though,
Since you said it is possible to play Wii Sports in there, I really want to see you try. I can't imagine how hard would it be to play motion controlled games when the screen is ON your controller
What the fuck
Just a little bit of sunshine and brawl would be enough to prove it can run a wii game, but what you really need to do is run xenoblade on it to show its full power. I mean you did the devils work so now it falls on you to properly display it
So how is it reading the disc?
how long does the battery last?
1, 2 kill mii please
This would be beautiful as a handheld around the size of a Switch or PSP
sick
3:20 @.@ Pauses at 3:27 shit just got real YOU'RE A MAD MAN. YOU'RE AN ANIMAL
Insert mii theme here
Holy shit.
Now for the virtual boy in an altoids can
Jesus Christ how bored where you?
Android phone also is a portable wii console lol
We’re not here yet, shank. Just wait a little while.
No M E L E E H D ?
When an inventor gets bored ???? Also I want one
Me: I’m good at modding game consoles! I once took the casing of my teal GBC, and replaced it with an orange one! Shank: I took a Wii and put it in a mint tin. Me: cries
Thug life
I. Want. It.
Humanity has reached the peak of evolution
Now that you have it in that take it out put in a wiiU controller bigger battery better fan
I'm guessing Skyward Sword would be a pain because of wii motion plus, so can you try Twilight Princess?? I fucking love this thing and want to see more games on it
I clicked on this thinking it was some clickbait life hack video... I am impressed.
how do motion controls in games like mario kart work?
Now mod a Wii U game pad into an altoids can
It’s honestly an amazing creation tho
this is the peak of human evolution, its all downhill from here
How do people learn how to make these???
Just subbed.
Sir you got my subscription, awesome
I heard the ping.
can it run skyrim
You're a wizard shank
Play Link's Crossbow Training on it just kidding I don't want to kill you
This was the most hilarious thing I've seen in this damn month hahahahaha
Could you connect it to an external battery pack of some sort so it can hold a much longer charge?
i want to put a wii into a psp now danm you and your creativity
I have more sub's but I dont feel honored to now lol
In the far future we're probably going to get a ps4 or an xbox one in an altoid box
No Johns
I don't know whether I should be disappointed or impressed.
please play skyward sword
I lo-te you
Please kill mii
May I buy it
and this is THE WORST THING EVER I want one
Why? Why not?
I fucking want this
ive spent a whole year making this and i hate it and it’s called the Kill Mii
wait. this tiny thing is a fucking wii? black magic or something??
When I saw it I wanted to die, still impressive
i dont have any words
awesome as frick
I need a kill mii
The WiiBoy next generation best quality with great metal
What a fascinating name!
Uhh i think this guy is a time traveller
So is it real or not
I’m just wondering how your playing so good like wtf
“Took a year to make”also “I hate it” nice
This is so awesome
I thought this was just a joke, and that it wouldn't work what kind of dark magic is this
Who else checked their Discord at 1:20?
LOOOOL! this is amazing!! HAHAHAH!!
Friend:Dude i have this old wii that i don’t want you want it? Shank mods:Alright sure Friend:What are you going to do with it? shank dreams of ripping apart the wii and brutally shoves its guts into the tin
I thought it was Clickbait.
Dont eat the buttons, those arent Altoids
Congratulations, I didn't think anything could get worse than the Wii U
It’s wierd how this channel started as a meme in my meme playlist
Now make a xbox360 in a tuna can
Kill mii now
so if it fits on a altoids can it can fit on a GBA
So youre saying super mario galaxy portable is now a thing?
That voice gave me kaze emanuar vibes for some reason
where did you buy the screen?
You were so set on rather or not it can be done, you didn't stop to think rather..... It should be
Kill Mii well Mii’s are pretty much dead already
You better keep making videos lol
Can u do Xbox 360 or original xbox??????
1:23 you got a message bro
Is this DespaWiito 2?
We can rebuild it, we have the technology, but I don't want to spend alot of money.
No more heroes 2 would be an interesting game to see run on this system ??
Hello everybody! Today I'd like to show off my latest project! It's called the Kill Mii
The buttons are kinda creeping me out idk why!! ??????
its a Minitendo !
The best thing I can do with an altoids tin is store my weed in it... awesome job!
now nintendo will release a new mini console version called the "wii mini" after watching this
Gotta run em All!
Wow interesting proof of concept. I think it's charm is that it's so restraining. The 10min charge. The missing buttons. The overheating. Good job!
DONT EVER tell me a company can’t do something because of limitations ever again
My God with proper manufacturing Nintendo could actually make the Wii classic mini just for money's sake
could you add a small port that carries 12v directly to the system, bypassing the battery circuit, so you can play as long as you want plugged in? then you'd need to improve the cooling...
This is so sad! Alexa, play Spiderman 2: Pizza Theme.
so what cant even run on my dads PC can run full speed in a tin? ok then
Pay me $20 and I'll take it off of your hands.
can u make it good?
How much do you charge!!
This is wonderful, great job.
I want to see you try this again but record the process. I get my dick hard by some soldering. Or don't, because I don't want you to kill yourself from the pain, haha.
The kiil mii
Ew.
You probably got more enjoyment out of the mints in the can then the Wii in the can
why didn’t u make something that sucked less
It's like a little BMO
Couldn't stop laughing after finding out it has 10 mins of playtime
Intresting name
I realize it would defeat the purpose but what if you didn't include a controller or battery, and therefore had room for a slightly bigger (maybe 16:9) screen? You'd have to hook it up to an external power source and carry a controller with it at all times, but it would actually be a sort of viable option for playing Wii and GameCube games on the go (or at least without worrying about finding a TV), especially if you added a little kickstand.
Please play wii sports and bowl on it in a public area
This is really creative!! I want to make something like this.
Everyone is talking about the project, but I'm just amazed by the soundstage of his mic. I watched with headphones and kept checking to see if the game audio was coming from my phone speaker.
This cant be real, but I want it to be so bad
Now put it into an altoids mini
Play super mario odyssey and sans fight on it just to see how bad the controls can get
I'd like to see Mario Galaxy played on this! That'd be really cool!
Next we'll find the cure for cancer in one of this guy's Altoids tins.
Stop degrading this. This is awesome.
I subscribed to Gman a long time ago, I watched this video without even knowing you two knew each other
It just need some cooling and triggers
Just because you could, doesn't mean you should.
HOW? just how????
I Think its fake why are you playing such a game?
I am so impressed! Awesome job, dude!
Can't wait for the Kill Mii 2
*Mind thinks (Realizes) Hey I can play “Dream Works, Super Star Kartz”
Does your voice normally sound so furious? Also I subbed.
but can it run wii shop channel?
But can you fit in a Wii controller
KiLl MiI...
Nintendo wants to: know your location
I came here to see the portable wii, but I ended up paying more attention on how you were playing smash bros.
Uhhhhhhh What?
But the real question is can you play mario galaxy?
This proves how much of a spectacle the Switch really is. People complain about 3 hours battery life, but to have it exist and be functional is really something. Can't wait to see what comes next.
That's so cool that works like you hacked up a wii and frankenstein it in a steam punk way
"Lasts about 10 minutes" "Takes a few hours to charge"
I've always wanted to do projects like this but I don't have the knowledge to do so. I'd love to learn though
Phone ringing Legend society called, it's for you.
Now fit it in a tomagachi
Its called the kill me
imagine seeing someone on a train or buss with this thing
EVO 2018
You should make a battery pack with a couple 18650s in plain old holders and make it look like the old school rechargable battery pack for the original Gameboy. It'd be rechargable by way of swapping 18650 when they die. ;) There has to be a dollar store Tupperware container of like shape+size that could be painted to look the part.
This made me grin from ear to ear. Thanks for doing this
Game cube X wii X MINT
This is beautiful
Your god.
Don't know why you don't like it. It looks like it's in mint condition.
Is it running 20XX or vanilla Melee?
Why the fuck not
This has to be a world record or something, worlds smallest working wii
1:22 got me spooked I panic when I hear that noise because I can't tell if it's my discord or a random instance of discord in the video
10-15 minutes charges in 1-10 hours
Now all we need is a hologram using a tin can
You sir are a legend
This is the minty pi 2.0
Oh god, Tactile Switches
Creates portable Wii Shows it off by playing a Gamecube game
Wow!!!
Can you plug it in, and play it or will it still run down to fast.
This is definitely out-worldly amazing. Great job man! ^^
But maaaannnn, what you made is FREAKING awesome, an entire Wii in such a tiny box!!! Congratulations!!
Lol. Nicely done, this is awesome.
Shut up and take my wii points :P.
I hate this but I love it but at the same time I hate it
Interesting. Is the screen the native res of the wii?
But can it have Altoids in it
Next week on fun mods to do in prison
This is fucking aweful i love it
absolute mad lad holy shit
Did you use your teeth to cut the holes?
Hello everybody, today i'd like to show off my latest project, its called KILL ME.
Do you think God stays in heaven because he too, lives in fear of what he's created? Holy shit I just realized I was the 77,777 view. Holy shit.
But.. how are you supposed to start the game if you broke the start button?
Very awesome, but the red box is bad
Now make a mini version called the Kill Miini
Not bad honestly...
this is seriously lit, epic just epic I know it isnt the best , but its the smallest portable i have seen yet lol
hope is not lost. The only downside is the fan and the battery. Get an old 10" netbook, gut it and wire it up if possible. Would be sick.
I love the name, its how i feel every day of the week
1:20 I looked to my left... Where the fuck did that ping come from.
This is horrible. I need one.
This project, as I can agree, horrible, but its unique. I have never seen such a device that small.
The fact that you have Melee in there makes me really want to watch someone try to do tech with this horrid thing
I've never been more intrigued and repulsed at the same time. LOL nice work dude!
Kill Mii.. kill me... Im not funny
Why is this actually my favorite thing?
Thats amazing. Honestly
Two 3ds consoles were risked to make this peice of shit
Mario sports mix
Welcome to year 20wiiwii
Play Oot on it
5:24 Some one had to do it so I had decided to torture myself Ah well, atleast a good product came in the end
oh oh no
Oh god
Please kill mii
I wish I could play Mario Kart Wii on the go with the Wii Wheel controls ;w; (don't hate me for using Wii Wheel controls please)
You're doing God's work man keep it up
But can it shield drop consistently?
That Wii expired Sept 18
This actually cool that you did a great job and within 10 or 20 years you can create a Portable Wii U or a switch system too
May I ask, what the fuck?
I'd love to see Xenoblade Chronicles run in ths little monstrosity
I seriously thought you had more subscribers, this is pretty impressive as well, so I may as well help you get another subscriber. Edit: and by what I mean by how its impressive is fitting such a small console into an even smaller thing with some level of playability, now to wait for a nintendo switch inside of something the size of a cigarette pack.
I love it.
Hello everyone today i show you my latest creation, the kill mii pulls out a glock
Damn... this is awesome, I was expecting an emulator but this blew my mind. Good job!
Next: "Can we fit a NASA supercomputer into an altoids can?" A year later Shank: "This is the Exploda-Shuttle"
These exist their called nintendo ds their just a glorified version of this XD
Can you modify a fat PS2
I get it. I understand why you made it. I find it beautiful though.
holy fucking shit
The GameBoy Wii Made with technology and junk from the trunk. So great! It's battery is the life support and it yells Kill Mii.
Can wii put a wii in a 3ds?
Now fit an xbox one x or ps4 pro
I’ll take 20
I can personally identify with pouring way too much time into something that you end up hating
"It's got a noose here and here... cuz it's called the Kill Mii." ded
YOU DID IT
when your childhood console can fit in an Altoids tin, your officially old
Attempts to play Xenoblade on this I imagine the thing would just explode in your hands. .-.
Sometimes we spend a lot of time wondering if we could, but not if we should -Shank
Ya know. If you made the battery last up to about 2-4 hours max I'd pay 100-150$ for this.
Play Wii Party
Scientists: trying to find a cure for cancer. Internet people: stuffing game consoles inside of mint box.
?? ?? ?? This is dope but why put it in Altoids tin ik you talked about your community thing but whyyy
How much do you have to hate yourself to make this.
Loved it so much i clicked the large red button!
"It's called the kill mii"
Could you charge your portable Altoid wii while playing it?
Bro thats pretty ZUCC
Yet Nintendo cant get GameCube virtual console on switch
This is the most amazing thing I have ever seen, so glad youtube recommended this. Also that discord notification around the 1:25 mark had me so confused for a good 5 minutes
How much.
could you program it to use the left analog stick as the wiimote and right analog stick as the nunchuk
That's is so cool....I wish I was this smart to build something like that.
I want one just to have something to show my friends when they come over. Me: Wanna see something nifty? Friend: I guess...? Me: Grins like a maniac as I dig through my drawer Friend: oh no Me: Pulls out weird af altoids tin Friend: Ummmmm Me: It's a Wii Friend: ....
Xenoblade!
Play smash competitively with this
You're a genius, bro. Forget aesthetics. It's even cooler like this... like a Mad Max case from the apocalypse.
At some point we stopped saying should we but could we
That's an extremely big waste of time
Thanks Reddit!
You were so obsessed with if you could, you didn't stop to think if you should
I can imagine being in school with this and someone either awkwardly asking me why I'm fiddling with an altoid can or ask me for an altoid and have none to give while holding the can in my hands
I died at 0:04
Next stop: Wii U in an Altos tin w/ disc drive. Kill Mii Too
You're the maddest lad of all the mad lads.
kill me
You should have oriented the screen and controls the other way and it would have been far less uncomfortable to hold and use.
A homemade gameboy that plays console games, amazing.
Can you replace the infrared sensor with just a lighter and have the fire be the infrared? I think that would really add to the experience.
This is great I mean your utter hate of the device is just comical hello from another small creator I am hitting the sub button right now good job my friend
No johns
Convince a speedrunner to play super mario galaxy or something in one sitting, as in, he plays for 10 minutes and sleeps during the charging breaks
Damn bro you need more subs. This is outstanding.
Everyone: holys shit this is impressive I thought this was impossible Shank: this shit absolutely sucks
h0w MuCH
next year we will see a commercial for this
Wii U in an Altoids can video when?
Need for Speed Most Wanted
I wanna see a compilation of every Wii game ever released running on this thing. I don't care if it takes 10 years. I just want to see the world burn.
Is this it? The greatest shitpost of all time?
I remember when a Wii portable was a laptop
That is a very pretty trash can
"THE KILL MII"
Please show off wii sports on this console
Good job??
Oh GWAD PLEASE KILL MII IT FUCKING HURTS
Dude get some 3D printed designs that allows airflow and make something more comfortable
Huh, what else are you gonna put in an Altoids tin, a GameCube!? (oh, wait...)
Made by Nintentoid
I thought it was just a Raspberry Pi. That is very impressive
That name is freaking priceless
you do realize that no matter how horrible you may think it is, it is still amazing to peoplelike me who think that consoles are made using magic
"Altoids tins hold everything except mints." -Some guy I can't remember the name of
I'll kill you if you Kill Mii.
The Gameboy Wii?
shockslayer, the same guy who made the perfect crystal version?
Oh look it's game boy micros cousin
New name: KiiWii
Kill mii plz
How can I do a kill mii
I'll take a dozen
Why my pii pii hard
Pls... Kill mii Not sorry
kinda want one just to play project m and confuse the shit out of my friends edit:well maybe with better battery and buttorn that wont give me arthritis
This is so cool, now I wonder if this main board can fit into a N3DS XL and use the controller layout better
People need to stop fucking with altoids
Wow pretty impressive. I’d like to see Pikmin 2 on it
Just 700+ subscribers... how?
Can we see inside it?
nice
Still better than the new Google phone lol
discord bloop @1:22
Wow, just wow
I’m glad you put yourself through this just for our sick enjoyment
It doesn't even look fun. I love that you accomplished this, but I can't even watch you talking about it because, as you described, it is the worst thing ever.
Next time build it INSIDE a controller
Imagine someone hacking the Nintendo switch apart and sticking it inside of an Nvidia Shield portable case
There is currently no way to officially play gamecube games portable except for luigi's mansion (unless im wrong)
So you can do this, but Nintendo can't make a battery that lasts more than 6 hours?
Play xenoblade on it
I would buy this if it was for sale
Terrible, yet excellent... Please put a better battery or im unsubscribing
Asking the only question that matters here; Is it for sale?
Wow I love the Wii, this is cool!
Shank mod Truth or Dare Dare: Make a Wii U inside of an Altoids tin Truth: Tell me the truth of if you’re making a Wii U inside an Altoids Tin
TOTALLY NOT FAKE (not clickbait)
You just proved that we could’ve had Nintendo Micro Switches
Kill Mii: The console for Sadboys
Good name lmao
how to get rsi
Can you put a gc port on it so that you do not have to hold it?
Props to you for using Melee as an example. This is amazing.
Mario Kart Wii plz and thank you Yay now I'll need a return address or a coffin if you'll send that to me I can send whichever breaks first me or a Wii from hell (there's not much a difference)
3:43 imagine playing competitive melee with this
Thanks for offering us the ability to make it ourselves. Time to put it in a GameCube controller, so it's functional.
kinda scary to see melee on an altoids tin
The box says alto but his voice says kill mii
Wii stick? Lol
What the actual fuck. I love it
1:23 Checked discord because of this
You poor soul.
IT’S CALLED THE KILL ME
you can't store a wii in such a small space. it makes it bad.
This is amazing and horrible simultaneously.
This probably will hurt alot to play
Haha. The video was released on my birthday ??
How can you run melee on a wii?
Can you show us the sensor bar in action?
Imagine this in an altoids mini container??
LMFAO! Looks like you could cut your fingers playing it. I gotta look into this PortablizeMii tho, I have some spare Wiis to FFFF up!
It’s battery life rivals that of the Sega Game Gear
Whoever held the beer you gave him when you decided to spend all this time making this creation has dropped it and owes you a keg.
Wow, nice. I still hate it but, nice.
who else thought they got a discord message at 1:23
How much???
next up: wii in a bic lighter
Wii U gamepad Altoids tin
I'm leaving earth
Probably would've been better if you made a custom ergonomic case and used soft press buttons. :/ I really hate those tactile buttons
Wii? More like Why amirite
And people spend money on the Switch. Fools.
You are really mad scientist
Great
Is that my dog barking in the background?
Looks like we have discovered the perfect device for shovel-ware It dies before you can hate the games you play too much, saving you from the terribleness of the software thanks to the terribleness of the hardware A true beauty
Looks like something out of Fallout
I had a dream of a wii knock-off console which was an actual wii but inside of a single Wii Remote with a built-in teeny screen. This reminded me so much of that.
Now this is epic
Pretty cool as a project just to see how far these case mods can be pushed. Melee is my favorite game of all-time, too.
I heard the discord sound at 1:23 and was confused. :P On a more serious note, I think it would be interesting if you could load the ".iso file" equivalent of the home menu on there, just to complete the package. :D
Better fan + better controls + better battery = an amazing, sexy wii portable
How long can it last plugged into the charger?
This is actually a cool concept, sloppy, but cool. It would be great to just make the wii hardware inside of the tin, and be able to use it as a console rather than just the portable. It'd almost be like the SNES classic but tiny and a lot more powerful. You'd probably also be able to fit more and have it properly ventilated without the controls or screen in the way maybe. Now time to wait for someone else to suffer doing that
Ill buy that for 500$.
play through an entire game on that
You should build it into a wiimote.
how small can you compact a 3ds? can you fit one in a tic tac container?
1:23 anyone else think it was their discord going off
I think you may have voided your warranty
....Build guide when?
I see too much free space in there. I think it’s high time a new wii mainboard was developed, with components scavenged from a proper wii in a super dense layout. This altoids tin thing is fine and dandy, but the altoids mini tin is clearly the endgame here.
Real quickly though, can you make a Wii U on the go with out bringing a console with you? It’d be pretty cool.
“Portable Wii” plays Melee
This is awesome
Y tho
Amazing build. But if it takes a few hours to charge, it's not charging at 1C, that's not how C ratings work. You don't mention the battery capacity, but at that size I doubt its more than 500mah. Charging that at 500ma... for an hour, should fill it, and that is a 1C charge.
your dog barking in the background
When are going to get 1 million subs
I have GOT to see Mario Galaxy on that thing.
But can you do ten perfect had dashes in a row.
Are you okay?
You really can fit anything in an Altoids tin...
Man guys shoot some hoops with the boys on their day off. This guy builds a portable Nintendo Wii
i love how much i despise, yet wish i had this
KILL MII
Holy crap! I thought you were going to use a Raspberry Pi or something like that. Man, this is impressive. Good job.
Make the battery at least 2 hours
put a wii in a first gen psp
This is so cool
Turn on the captions 0:03 ?_?
I'd love to see it with video/audio out, as well as the capability to run off of wall power. Either way, this is absolutely remarkable.
if you're looking to get rid of it, i'll take it for you
What would be better is this idea but without the screen and buttons so you have a portable wii to connect to TVs
It's cool. Why no 3d printed case though?
the YouTube recommendation bot never disappoints
1:23 legit checked my discord when i heard that
My dream of putting a Wii into a GameCube is becoming a reality
shouldve just made a mintypi lol
I like the name xD
3ds in an altoids tin when
Im just confused, is everything alright at home? (Jk, this is really sick tbh)
I love how you can tell that the infrareds aren't working or that this is all faked up as if they were you'd see light on the camera. (Try it with a TV remote or the Wii sensor bar)
Play mkw online on it or riot
That's actually pretty amazing!
Amazing work!
can it play battletoads?
Show this to zero and tell him to play melee on this thing
He could still beat me in melee with that tiny ass screen
If it's possible, put the l/r buttons on the top. Also, one way you can extend the battery life is to have an external battery.
What an incredible waste of time. You could have totally just played fortnite.
I'm thinking about making a handheld pi or ps2 without a battery, just plug it in. I'm never on a train or somewhere I would need a battery
do you think god keeps us out of heaven because he, too, so hates what he has created
Shockslayer would be proud
lmao what
is it tournament legal tho?
Wow, I was honestly expecting a shitty Raspberry Pi like always
1:22 @everyone
Tutorial? Jk. I couldn't imagine how difficult it would be to make. It would be cool if someone did show how tho.
so are the mints the disks?
You know the rule: No Johns.
Play Tales of Symphonia on that. Best way to experience an RPG? obviously on an Altoids tin
Welp...
do you think in 2 or 5 years to look back at this and maybe improve the battery life and think of ways if everyone wanted this if there were a way to mass produce these then you'd get rich off this joke.
Lol 2025 called they want their aaaaaaawqw back
I saw a twitter post about this and I thought I was a joke, there wasn’t a way this could work. Well... I’m amazed
The feel when you want really one but the only thing you'll be fitting in an Altoids tin are your entire life savings. Thanks University.
this is amazing what the heck????
atleast the battery life is pretty good :))))
Altoads
Thank God for Raspberry Pi, because this is what we'd all have to do.
Could you put maybe some instructions in the description, i'd love to put a wii in an altoids tin. Not like a portable device that you have, just shrinking the box so i can plug up an altoids tin to my tv and play smash bros
I hate it :D
Amazing work.
Kill me
I saw you post it on Reddit just a few days ago and I’m astounded you had the patience to do this. I’d have to question the sanity behind it, but it’s interesting.
Oh man
I saw you post it on reddit.
1:22 Everyone watching this video checked there Discord, don't even lie.
Meleeeeeeeeee
Your move, Nintendo.
This is absolutely the dumbest and stupidest thing that I've seen and I love it. I want one. This has actually inspired me to create, so I'll brainstorm ideas. Man, holy crap, I probably have as many questions about the hardware as I do about your motives lol Keep doing things like these, this is the kind of nonsense that keeps me smiling.
Nintendo: "We don't support emulations of our consoles." Shank: "Ok." Tears apart Wii and puts it in an Altoids can
Why could you have been the new host of the been heck show?
When you give a promise that is nearly impossible
this hurts and makes me feel, really bad inside
you sound like broccolipoisoning
You should consider redoing this or rewiring the current board into a more realistic/comfortable Wii mini, perhaps model the controls over the classic controller or GCN controller.
I know this is irrelevant to this video, but the audio is great. I though the sound from the Kill Mii was coming from my phone despite me wearing headphones. You bamboozled me real good.
Can it run project M?
Grandma puts a sewing kit in a cookie container, Grandson puts a Wii in an Altoids tin. I love it, amazing work.
ShockSlayer? As in Pokemon Crystal Clear ShockSlayer??
I want you to make me another one for me
WHYYY
I commend you for your efforts!
"It's called the Kill Mii." Hey, I'll take seventeen.
Everyone thought about if they could, and not about if they should.
If you played it with it plugged into a charger could you continue to use it indefinitely with out killing the battery ,like a phone?
Play House of the Dead Overkill, House of the Dead 2 and 3 Reaturn, or some other light gun games. I'd love to see what happens.
But the Switch cant run N64 full speed yet ????
Dude, why? This is too funny.
Holy WHAT
As cool as it is, I’m not a fan of using custom OS’s for projects like these. That’s the main reason why I didn’t like other projects like these such as the Varia Cube or the DS-inside-a-Game-Boy-Advance. I guess I kind of consider it cheating.
"Its called the Kill Mii" a intro to out beat Zombieland Sega
Fake. I can see the aftereffects editing.
I love this
My favorite part is all the jagged edges around the screen
commentary is a bit lacking. saying the same things twice for example. can't you just use a better battery? why play Melee instead of Brawl?? didn't even show it running a Wii game. I think it would be a good idea to do another video showing a few Wii games, show how the motion controls still work.
what the hell, that looks amazing. not the worst thing ever by far.
Play Metroid Prime 3
Make one in a tic tac packet
people in school be like "Nibba why you pressing yo altoids"
the name is ironic
I'll buy it
How could I start learning about this stuff? I would like to be able to do things like this ??
Kill Mii
The biggest plus is that on such tiny screen the graphics look AMAZING
How come when you guys make portable Wiis and want to show off the Wii gams, you only show off the GameCube aspect of it and play GameCube games? Aren't there portable GameCubes that can be made as small as a Gameboy nowadays?
The message beep at 1:23 confused me so much.
The Wii runs at 6W? That doesn't sound right. Everywhere I've read says the Wii pulls around 15W at full load, and the Wii U pulls a little over 30. A typical high-end smartphone pulls 5-6W, and the Switch pulls 9W undocked. *e: spelling
That discord notification at 1:23 fooled me
What is this "community" you keep referencing?
Wouldn't even get passed the first cut scene in sunshine
Do wii sports
But can it run Crysis?
????????? ??????
Metroid Prime Trilogy. God save you trying to play Prime 2.
try playing fire emblem path of radiance or radiant dawn on this thing
BAN THIS SICK FILTH
Speed run Mario 1 before the battery dies
ily
Y I K E S
10 minutes of play time, several hours to charge. I love it.
You're a pioneer in a field not well known.
Sick, like melee
It's completely useless but I'll be damned if it's not the most impressive mod I've ever seen
play that wii sports sword fighting game on it
I didnt think inanimate objects could know death. But now I know they can crave it.
So when are you gonna run a long JRPG like Xenoblade or The Last Story? /shot
I’m surprised the start button broke off instead of the any a,b,x,y buttons lol
I'd say it's a nice proof of concept. With a better form factor, this could be something not as horrible.
In a dystopian future this could be the only portable gaming module on Earth.
Awesome! Thank you so much for sharing it with us, OP!
But can it play Despacito?
This upsets me deeply.
1:22 I checked my discord...
This thing is fucking awful. I'll give ya $10,000 for it.
It is.. the best thing in r/diWHY
I've never seen a man spend a year creating something of his own volition, and hate the outcome with such conviction
Why do you do this to yourself?
Genesis/SNES in Altoids mini?
For some reason, listening on my headphones, it sounds like this thing is right in front of me. Crazy.
The virgin Nintendo Switch vs. the CHAD Kill Mii
"Kill Mii" sounds like the name of homebrew made to stress test a Wii.
Wii Classic Edition prototype LEAKED!
I want to compliment your mix set up. Listening on good headphones on my phone I literally questioned if my phone was playing the game music but your voice was in ear. Fantastic audio.
I hate how this runs smoother than some modern full scale gaming consoles >:(
Absolutely top notch shit post, sir
Show us Wii Tennis on it. And, if it's possible with homebrew or virtual console , it would be hilarious to see a GameBoy game ran on this thing.
Try New Super Mario Bros.Wii or Mario Kart
I'm working on doing the omgwtf trim on an old spare wii I have. I'm thinking about trying to stuff it in a wavebird. Also: this is hecking neat, but also terrible. Thank you for doing this so no one else had to.
Came here from reddit, good job that's pretty neat lol.
Nice Video that is an amazing portable Wii!
the mixture of pure genuis and pure insanity
That Wii seems to be in mint condition to me.
Impressive that you were able to win with those controls
play wii sports resort
How is the Wii board that small??
KillMii... I'm going to need a really tall ladder...
I think I should make a Wii laptop
what a lovely name
That is crazy, I love it
This is so awesome dude!!! really good work <3
Thought I was slightly insane when I heard Discord go off at 1:22. Great portable though.
CEO“Make a handheld capable of running full console games” Programmers “I’m sorry sir that’s simply not possible” CEO “SHANK WAS ABLE TO BUILD THIS IN HIS HOUSE! WITH A BUNCH OF SCRAPS!”
You can convert some claw grips for phones and make it horizontal to get an even better load-out
Fit it in something the size of a calculator and u will be rich!!!
this doesn't look easy to use. Couldn't you play some 3D game like super mario galaxy? That would make it seem a lot more awesome than some 2D platform game. You probably didn't because it's hard to use these controls for 3D
One question: "Why?"
This is just a genius project.
This is so fucking stupid. I want one.
Did anybody else check for a Discord notification at 1:24?
Would like to see two people try and play a multiplayer game at once on it
Can you make a portable wii fit?
how just... whoa this is amazing also now that this is finaly done can u do some more videos
Tech Heresy. The inquisition will be at your door
What the fuck, this is so ridicu-- ?'?? ???? 10
thanks, i hate it
Can't wait to go to a tourney and hear "Alright, you're on setup number Altoid Tin"
100th comment
thanks, it's terrible! excellent work, I'm legitimately impressed!!
Dude we gotta get Steven to try this
Blue tin can master race
Tic tacs next
Minted
Your move Nintendo, Wii Classic Selection on Switch when?
Thanks for taking my request ;))
How did you learn to do all those I'm very Interested in doing this
tfw you create something so blessed and cursed at same time
This is a fucking nightmare... I love it!
I love how this guy can make a portable Wii yet Nintendo can’t even put a simple virtual console on the switch. Nice work
I'm here from reddit and Holy shit
We're really living in the future
Play Twilight Princess
I would love to see Skyward Sword on this thing
Idk if you read the comments but I'd like to know how much this cost to assemble. Its awesome
Amazing.
That's cool, but the real question : Can it play Doom ?
I despise you, but love you at the same time for creating this abomination...10/10 good video
"Alto: Curiously Strot"
A joke that took a year to get to the punchline. Bravo.
Yeah, I have a question... Just...... why??
I would've appreciated if the disc was halfway inserted in the tin and spun vigorously.
absolutely incredible, i'm losing my mind. i hate it so much. please play guitar hero wii on this.
Watch this actually get used at Melee tournaments now
Smh not even a cinnamon tin
That is amazing! I love that you actually did it!
Are altoid tin gamecube controls tournament legal?
Ok this is epic. Great job!
Thanks, I understand how Luddites feel now
title claims this is a portable wii but you’re playing a gamecube game smh 2/10
Play Smash Bros Brawl on it! Also show examples of using wireless controllers like you mentioned (Wii remote, nunchuck, Wii Pro controller?)
Introducing the New Nintendo Wii XS
Bonkers. Absolutely impractical and useless madness. Well done. Now take my money! ??
Try Mario Galaxy on it or Wii Party
can i buy it
I want it
The only true way to play melee.
"You were so preoccupied with wheather or not you could do this, that you didn't stop to think if you should."
sonic adventure 2, can we go beyond sonic memes with this jank-ass system
I didn't hate this until you played Melee on it. Unforgivable.
Is that the new Raspberry pi?!
This looks like a huge headache to make LMAO great job
Nice
Can it run crysis ?
9:00 "Am I allowed to john about my controller?" No, just learn the matchup. Kappa
Why ?
As long as it can play the Kung Fu Panda Wii game it'll be a worthy investment.
absolute mad lad
This is actually insane. Awesome.
You should make one, but use a Wii u game pad as the case, I think that'd be cool
does it get hot enough to cook an egg on
does it have DK bongo support?
It's... It's beautiful
Underviewd
Take this to a tournament
Nice.
This makes me want a GBA version, or even a GBC version... WiiBA anyone? WiiBC?
Can I just ask, are you ok man? You really sounded like you wanted to end yourself in the video. Granted you called the project the Kill Me so I suppose it speaks for itself.
Thanks I hate it
please play metroid prime trilogy
i love how much you hate this
This is the most ridiculous, yet most awesome thing I’ve ever seen. Good work!
This man almost lost to a level 1 Kirby
but the real question is: can it run doom
"Can it fit into an Altoids tin?" Yes. "But should you put it in an Altoids tin?" Absolutely not.
0:33 I thought there was a dog barking in my backyard at 2 in the morning
"Hey can I have a mint... oh wait"
This is amazing. Would you consider putting it up for auction?
This is a war crime
everything about this is iconic
Still better than a ps vita
I'll trade you a psp
I wonder if it's possible to add a better battery/fan. Portable compact Wii sounds fun.
ill take one in the tangerine tin please
here before this blows up
Glorious
"You're Batshit Insane" RADN, 2015
Here is the wireless charging pad I used: https://amzn.to/2K1ZdJU It has a longer range than most others I looked at.
he should be a narrator his voice just gives me that vibe
who gives this video a "Thumbs down"? Thanks so much for the awesome video!
I am really impressed with the tool , and fixtures you have for each and every job...from cutting, welding to holding and measuring... Lots of money invested ??
Sanki uzaya uydu yolladin amk
That was the coolest thing i have seen in forever!
Step 1: Go Portable Congratulations on your new desk!
this desk came out way better then i thought it "wood" XD
It takes a life time to master something but seconds to mess it up
Next build a desk with a hidden GUI that turns on when you open your house door and shows details like the weather, like the one way mirror effect that the GUI can go through but nothing else can be seen
Love the table top, that walnut wood is amazing.
Beautiful!!
I am not a welder but I welded at work and asked a pro if he had any tips for a greenhorn he said he moves the tip in small round loops moving from right to left it keeps the flow smooth and even
you had ~120k subs during that video, now 312k subs. Must be doing something right!
You should have tried putting a thin piece of a metal sheet the same length and width as the table surface and see if would allow the phone to charge anywhere on the table since metal is a good conductor then maybe the surface area or the wireless charger might extend.
Great video one tip to prevent tear out with circular saw use a Stanley knife to cut the wood along the length of the cut first
Same phone
that is super cool!
Well done!!!!
I don't understand a single thing he said but Woah
You should make your own company man??
awesome! well done
Get the end of the square tubes cut at 45° angles and weld them together, looks MUCH cleaner in the end
The charger idea is awesome! nice work
Wow man you nice tools they all brand new
Beautiful work, I've subscribed - been looking into building my own desk before. So this has given me some inspiration.
just amazing!!
SO I can put a wireless charger under almost any table and I get the same thing ??????
Great Job. Congrats
By 1:50 I was already amazed. I've never seen how boards are "made" before. Thanks!
amazing content. thank you
Awesome..... Love this video.
3:46 Epilepsy Warning.
This is my first time visiting your channel! And now I'm a subscriber!
Nice now I’m sub:)
very nice video man! It might be fun to make this for my garage :D
Awesome!
This video was recommended to me and I had to watch the process... immediately subscribed as soon as it ended. Solid finished setup! I have to say I am a bit jealous of your table.
Super amazing!! ???? Great work
Thanks !
can i put a hole in my ikea desk and do this
I would've put my channel logo instead of the bow tie to give it more of a custom feel
Amazing idea great work ??
Yes
A tip on welding the joints (if I'm suggesting bad advice, welder folks, call me on it). If you're just getting the hang of welding, don't use a constant feed of wire. Pulse it. Feed enough wire to create the pool diameter you want without melting through the metal, release the trigger long enough to shift your aim to the edge of your pool (at the 6'oclock position, or wherever your weld seam is going), and repeat. Weld, stop, shift, weld, stop, shift, weld, stop, shift. You'll get a consistent pattern that you won't have to grind away because of the ugly.
Good idea but you need some carpentry 101. Worst joint for a top is glue only. It will not last and will warp cuz u didn’t seal the wood underneath. Have no idea why u wouldn’t use kregg pocket hole screws since u have their rip cut. You also used wood floor poly and applied it with the worst and cheapest .50 cent sponge brush u can buy. this causes bubbles and air pockets and does not get into the wood. It smears it on the top. You also never put it on raw wood without at least a wood conditioner first. U never use those. Lambs wool applicator only for oil based. So many other rookie mistakes from tools to wood prep. And FYI, that’s a Ridgid laminate router. That why it doesn’t plunge.
Dope awesomely done ...
only welding tip i can give is to take a rotary tool and smooth out the beads for a solid and smooth flow of the material and then, of course, paint the frame. other than that this is absolutely amazing!
The 1K dislikes are iPhone users
Man that desk turned out really nice.
How much for the desk?
What router bit u used?
Quick question, how do you like the Rigid thicknesser?
Watch this, and i hope i can built it !! Great job man !
so you say that normal wood glue is enough to hold such heave wood together ?
First time on your channel, loved this video and desk!! Definitely going on my to do list.
Hey that’s awesome build me one lol I need a desk for my computer and keyboard
Lush. +1sub :)
earned a new subscriber!
awesome table top and love the charger idea but it needs some wooden legs or sides with a set of drawers, the metal frame just makes it a little too sterile for a home but fine for an office
?? ??
What was your total cost, figuring labor and everything?
Great work brother. I loved the, oh and dont weld your clamps to your work! Lol, priceless....
This thing is hot.
Can I just buy yours :p
I need a good desk.
awsome tutorisl and build
or just use a dock
very pretty desk! nice work
Nice :/
You are so nice and so awesome dude
This is absolutely stunning!!! Awesome job, awesome finish, awesome look. ??????
I bet this guy likes to make stuff.
this is too awesome! Thank you!
First time seeing your channel and I really liked your progression through this job. I wish I could do this myself, love DIY
Does everyone got those tools to make it ? Or shouldn't be the title written as '' How I '' instead of ''how to'' ?
d00000d you are nerdcore! awesome
Very entertaining and informative. When you tested the phone charger and it worked I hit that subscribe button so fast lol.
man it was funny when u said let me know if im doing something wrong, man u r pro ! u should open ur own company ! im the first customer !
Perfect desk. Then he covered it in plastic? Plastic? omg. :D
If you make another one put some kind of circular inlay where the charger is.
beautifully entertaining and the workshop is sick!!! I subscribed!
NEARLY 300K SUBS
You have a awesome steampunk mask! Very noice ??
Well there's something I'm never going to be able to do. Very cool though!
id love to have a custom desk but I suck at/ don't have the tools for this kinda stuff :/
Why not set in brackets for the wire and charge pad or a sliding board cover to hide it incase it malfunctions? Easier to take out instead of trying to rip it out
This desk looks really good. I'd love a L-shaped one
nice vdo I like it
This can be used for new innovations. They can have it implemented in coffee shops, pantrys, restaurants etc.
a true diy build taken to the next level . great job !!
I had no idea what you was doing or what you was talking about but this was very entertaining and now I’m wanna learn more and start building stuff. So much knowledge man! So impressed!
This is by far the best channel of all. amazing video thank you
It was awesome idea
Make sure to hold the compound miter saw blade down after a cut to avoid kickback
Make more, and sell them please. I would seriously buy one.
Bit of a broad question, but as someone with no experience or power tools at all, does anyone know some easier first builds or things I can try and just build? Or maybe some previous videos that would help, this guy seems very clear and direct (yes I’m new here haha)
Ask about your spray paint where can i buy it ... ?
Hey! I’m bored let me spend a few days to charge my phone! Or I can just put it in the charger ??
Dude that desk is gorgeous :o
How many others here are jealous of this guy? Great work sir. Love your shop.
6:21 - Great trick for those of us that don't (yet) have a plunge router!
Heck thats a gorgeous desk
That is sick!
Woah, for the welding, never weld directly on concrete, it could explode from the heat especially if you are doing more than a couple tacs
Hey big fan of u. Please make video on how to make standing adjustable computer desk please
Or you can just not do all that and charge your phone like normal human being ^^
So damn cool!
This is amazing
Great video man
?? nice desk
Awesome job
Rock star status!!!!!
Awesome job!
So much creativity!
Amazing idea and even better execution!!!
Only you need a Nasa machine
DAMN SEXY.. Question will the sealer keep the copper from oxidizing?
I love everything about this, especially the simplicity
I HOPE STARBUCKS HAS TABLE LIKE THIS TOO!!!!
coooool
Wow...I mean, just w.o.w :O
This is tight, but I would have made a large inlay for the wireless charger and used double-sided table to keep it in place. That way, when you inevitably get different sized wireless chargers, they can all fit in the inlay and be easily removed a la double-sided tape!
You can buy them the wireless charger coil itself :P duel coils even! Fast wireless charging :3
lol i was the 2,000,000 view
FEWTEL 4 life!!
Iam going to have to check that charger out. I have issues with my current one with just the "moment" case on the phone.
Wow that's something that I would love to have. First time on this channel n love that table.
That is a super fantastic desk.
Now that is called innovation
Uh way too much for me. But nice concept
20 watt fast charging pad would have been nice Stick a TEC module under the bowtie and you can chill and heat drinks on it
How I wish I was a man
Apple would steal this and sell it for $5000
what a beauty! I want to buy this table from you
A desk is cheaper than all that gear ??
Do I always need to plug the wireless charger?
I guess Im gonna do it on my cheap ikea desk
Okay so are you using a mig welder? Because it looks like you are and I think maybe trying your hand at arc welding might help improve technique because mig doesn’t penetrate as deeply as it could. So maybe try to try a hand at arc welding and practice laying it down where it penetrates deep enough to really weld together because if you can’t break it and pull it apart you know you are doing something right
If he put the copper above the wireless charger he would have gotten a stronger charging base for his phone .
dude, that was awesome
"get yourself a hubby like this" haha
Hello do you have any DIY videos on how to build a recording studio desk? If not, Can you do video on how to build a recording studio desk, and add all of the measurements that each board are cut? Please help me because I am on a budget right now , plus I am trying to buy me a couple Mac computers. Thanks Mr Robert!!!!
Smart idea man
Great build. Only thing I see that would be a problem for me is that the charger is placed right where the mouse tends to be. I would have placed it more in the back, or maybe to the left.
Very nice
I thought the whole desk was going to have wireless charging, as in, you could place the phone anywhere on the desk and it'll charge.
I thought the start was an ad
Suddenly got an urge for a workshop so I can just mess around doing man things all day
Bravo!!
Wish I had the tools and materials to make one of these for myself
Hello my friend I'm a carpenter and I really like the idea of a wireless charger built into the table. I would like to build this, but there is a small problem. 1.) what kind of wireless charger did you install here? Brand and Model? 2.) How did you determine how thick the plate may be between the charger and the phone? 3.) how thick is the gap now between charger and cellphone? 4.) Have you tested whether the mobile has previously charged faster with the charger than it now charges with the built-in charger?
Yall want to know what the only thing i like about ikea is?! Its how they perfectly wrap a rug up and put in wrapping and you get it home and your just waiting for that wrinkly ass carpet to come unfold partially and takes about 2 years to get flat!! But nooo it unflolds into a perfectly flat rug!!
woooooooooowwowwwwwwwww super cool
I need this table so bad...
F*cking amazing brilliant idea.
Hey, does it affect how fast it charges? It seems there’s a bit more gaps between the phone and the wireless charger and I’m wondering if affects that much.
Wow bro
Absolutely beautiful
if your getting a lot of popping in you weld it's probably because the vacuum is sucking your shielding gas.
so nice table! are you willing to produce and sell it? it has way better quality than others online
Great video, I would have used a ferromagnetic metal like mild steel instead of the copper bow-tie and place it inbetween the phone and the charger to increase the charging efficiency
Anyone know where you can buy walnut in these dimensions? Looked everywhere and people think I'm crazy lol
This was a great video. First time I have come across your channel and by the time I was half way through there was no doubt that I was going to subscribe. One of the things that made me like the video so much was your vulnerability when it came to your mistakes and being new at welding. Made me feel better about the silly mistakes I do during a build when I saw yours. Definitely made you relatable. So I’m now going to go binge watch all your vids lol. Thanks for making these
i thought this was cool, began thinking how i could get wireless charging in my desk. Then i remembered i have an iphone 7 :(
My uncles job is welding
I guess I’m one of the very few people in the comment section that actually has the tools to do this. My father is a construction worker and has a workshop in his garage.
What if the charger breaks
Thanks for the video, very well done sir
Fantastico, tus trabajos son fablosos.
what happens if the cable goes bad?
Hot gluing the charger in may be a good long term solution, but if it breaks down on you how do you get it out? ??
when mig welding make sure you use splater spray and two there are two types of mig wire flux core which i would use does not use oxgen to shild the gas like regular mig wire needs and three always keep a pair of mig welder pliers near by they come in handy at times three the clamps u use in the vids are use in my shop for setting every thing up and getting it squar and then tack weld they are not very good imo for full welding
Great Video! This is a DIY project for advanced builder.
Cool
Everything was made very great... but I didn't like how he glued the wireless charger to the table. I think it could be done better than that. in case if you want to replace the charger.
You should sell this
i just got out of prison and the halfway house. im trying to get back in the design mode and work from home. if you could help me get an awesome desk to start my venture again. i would be utmost grateful forever! ive been working hard at min wage to save enough to get my own place. i move November 7th
Awesome very cool job!!
you must have a hell of a lot of faith in your charger
Wow.
Me: Aww that's simple. Goes to Ikea picks up a linnmon desk and buys a wireless charger. Cuts a hole in the desk and places wireless charger inside. Places phone on charger. That was easy!
well done??????
Could've made the charger removable, in case you'd ever need to replace it. Still, awesome build.
with so many tools, you can make a rocket.
It would hav been cooler if you’d put that copper thingy as placement for the phone charger, but idk if it would hav interfered with the charger.
Woah! That is one cool idea!
Just subed to tyou. I love channels like this. You have a great voice and you give awesome descriptions to what you are doing.
Wow,great job????????
That was awesome.
This guy is a genius! :)
‘New’ HAHAHAHA ????
Nice job
This is my first time watching one of your videos and it will definitely not be the last! Great stuff man, keep it up!
GREAT video. Will Patreon when I can. Also, would love a list of your shop tools. Thank you!
Will this work with my Tesla?
Enjoyed watching the process, also that's an awesome end product.
Great Video man ,thumbs Up !
Fantastic workplace and what you re doing there, one suggestion is to interact with your video more :3 great work
I need this desk!
Pic axe flying of atk
this is AMAZING!!!!!
Best welding tip i can give u is learn stick weld before any type of welding. Ones your pro with stick welding you can weld with any machine they throw at you and it's easier for you then
Wow!
This video was so satisfying to watch.
Really liked this video
this is dope I like it!!! sub? ??
As a chinese, i have to say cool
Welding tip: please stay with your welder a few seconds after ending welding above the glowing metal. This makes better joins, because the hot metal is still reacting with the oxygene from the air. Because of this, your welder is always releasing some protective gas a few seconds after ending welding (as you can hear). Just wait until the sschhhhhh-sound disappears
What's great about this is if you don't have access to a wide variety of tools you could still buy a table from a store and just install the wireless charging pad. Great video!
Subbed! It is a beautiful thing to see the work people with talent can do. ??
easy tip for the welding part. only use the magnets for tacking. youd be surprised the difference not having them can make on a full bead, especially when welding right near them.
you should rename the title How to Build a Wireless Charging Desk...If You have a Full Shop
Dude, you've got mad skills -- Thanks for sharing !!
good video
Hey Brad! I have to say you did an amazing job and your finished table looks incredible! I can't wait to see more of your projects!
Imagine if Disney did this on the tables at their parks...complete magic. Great video!
Wireless charging bit starts at 6:16 Copper inlay starts at 7:42
You have a ton of tools man
that was amazing maaaan ...Subed right after watching this :D ...keep up the good work ;)
Very nice work and both simple and great idea! I will use this video as an inspiration for my new wood projects.
Hard working??????????????????????
??????? ???????? ???? ?????????. ??? ????? ?????? ? ???????. ???????
I would have made the charging socket removable to update to a better wireless charger or just in case it fails on you one day. It's gonna be a pain to unglue it and tear it out.
Nice work mate
Do you sell this amazing product??
Do you take on jobs from your subs ?
You are probably as awesome as your craftsmanship. Kudos bro :)
i NEEEEEEEEEEEEEED this.
Awesome
A great idea.
This desk is amazing and your inlay came our really awesome!
making your own stuff is always worth it to watch. Nice job you did there.
You should sell them! I’d definitely buy one off of you
nice
My dream is to have a workshop like this. First time seeing one of your videos. subscribed
I don't think I'll ever be able to this but it's awesome
Everything fine but putting hot clue over charger is messy and you can't reuse instead make campartment to hold charger in place.
Amazing
Supercombo gostou
VERY NICE.. It's also a first to see the polyethylene bring out the color like that. Hour Glass nice touch, too.
I would have sawed the copper into two triangles and placed one above where the phone goes and one bellow the phone with the arrows pointing towards the charger area.
Oh is so cool.
Geil
this is awesome, however, i would recommend a less permanent solution for mounting the wireless charger and the cable so you can replace either if need be
This dude deserves more subs and attention
First timer here, awesome video... subscribed of course!!!
06:11 thank me later
Nick Offerman would be proud of this video.
I wish I had a workshop like that, amazing
I still think it's more practical just to find a nice desk you like, and to buy the wireless charger separately, but this was a cool project.
I have a welding tip Don't set your house on fire
I made this too, it's amazing, thank you!
Who does not think that when he cut the wood. That it was satisfying sorry bad spelling
FTBT: Give me some welding tips to make me better me: uhhhhhhh. be better?
Awesome build, really well done. The only issue I could see with this is with the wireless charging aspect. Wireless charging isn't an "on/off switch" like plugging your phone is (where it either charges at full speed or it doesnt). Wireless chargers charge at varying rates depending on how far away it is from the phone. For example, your phone without a case directly on the charger might take 2 hours to charge. Phone directly on a charger with a case might take 2 1/2 hours to charge. Phone with a case through wood might take 4 hours or longer to charge. Just thought I'd point that out! But the idea is sound and the execution is beautiful.
For my future son ????
Awesome
I've always been a fan of woodwork, as my grandad was a carpenter. I unfortunately won't ever have the space to try this hobby myself but your videos help me get my fix haha :) Very cool idea and the result was amazing
Thats grt. but I would not opt for gluing the wireless charger as well as the cords. what if tomorrow they dont work and I need to send it for repair to the manufacturer or I need to replace. I cant replace the table everytime !!!. But its a great idea and will surely implement it in near future. Also million thanks for no ad breaks.
Very nice. Wireless charging is a misnomer because a wire runs from the charger to the power outlet – obviously. But with this method, the wire is hidden and there is no visible pad or station – I like it. Secondly, this can be done with most solid wood table tops, you don’t necessarily have to start from scratch. All you need is access to a router (I suppose it could even be done with chisels, although I wouldn’t trust myself to get a consistent depth). And the Anker charger is probably a good choice: well-known peripherals manufacturer with a solid reputation. I’d be a little bit worried about temperature – these chargers can get a bit hot. Perhaps a slightly bigger bay and a different method for keeping the charger in place? And I probably wouldn’t have bothered with the inlay: you know where to put the phone. But that’s a question of personal preference of course. Well done!
Awesome!! o/
Greate !
Problem is I don’t leave my phone in the same place long enough to charge ??
i have to say your head is full of awesome tricks.. good good good job man
awesome
Man people do love their glue huh... I hate it cause its messy, I refer to take some time and design a proper holder
It is amazing.
whats the overall dimensions of the desk?
This is my first time on your channel... You've done an amazing job, especially showing some of your mistakes along the way... It's a nice way to learn and a great way to show your subscribers that it's okay to make mistakes.... Peace! Greg W.
W0W!!--> 847 haters that probably cant make anything -.-.. I love how creative people can be.
wow who gives a thump down to this?
This is amazing.
this is a great idea for a table. Being different from you however, i would most definitely knock the phone off when using the mouse. Luckily for you the emblem you inserted into the table can work if you flip the table the other way round so that the charging part would be at the top left and not the bottom right.
Me: watches video Me 5 min later: goes on amazon and orders a regular wireless charger.
Very nice.
Walnut looks so good
How much would you say the desk top weighs?
Definitely gonna make this some time into the near future, *Saved into my projects to do playlist!*
I thought this take me WEEKS to help my dad make it but we only finished in 19 minutes!! Thank you now my phone has a cosy cottage and it will live there FOREVER AND EVER AND EVER HEHEHEHAHAHAH just thank you
This is awesome.
Pretty cool!
That was a beautiful video ??
I've had this idea ever since wireless charging phones became a thing. The only problem is that I have never owned a single phone with wireless charging!
As someone just starting out as well, where did you find all of your gear? I know it's not cheap stuff and how did you afford all of it at once? Or, did you get cheaper stuff to start out and then upgrade as you went?
awesome dude
If I'm not wrong if you don't align the phone to the charger almost perfectly it start overheating (which is bad for the battery ofcourse), i would recommend to sign the shape of the charger with some sticker or sign.
I'm a retired carpenter and this is the best youtube clip of wood work I have seen, for not talking any crap, doing anything stupid, or taking ten minutes to say what you could in one. HOORAY AND CONGRATULATIONS!!!! Well done young man.
Sub
Sud and like
Now. You can buy an iPhone Xs Max just to put it on your table and shoot a video.
So beautiful
amazing, dude
I love ur work man, love the table...I love you man..hope to have one of this in the future
Good job!!!
I love your videos
You need leg Protection
Where can I buy this
Honestly i want one X
Check out chuckE2009 for welding advice. He does a good job of in depth coverage. Table came out very nice. Thanks for the idea
You should always wear long pants when welding, the light can give you skin cancer
Wow
How much would you charge to tach me how to do this?
this was on my recommend glad i decided to stop and watch :), only issue i had was why did u glue the charger and cable !! could of used a switch pin or somthing so u could replace it in future if required:P but love the work
I wonder How much did you spend on all your power tools?
Cool vid
So awesome. Great job
"This desk came out better than I ever imagined it wood..." Punny haha
Corner clamps save lives!!
Lol this wireless charger would take so long to charge the phone.
Awesome work!!!! Great video
Ooooooh It was a bow tie? I thought it was the Black Widow thing. ??
Well, now I wanna get a phone that supports wireless charging. And a sh!tload of tools... And a workshop.
4:45 I'm also learning, but I welded the exact same material for a racing sim arcade, a table, and stools for said table. The welder who was helping me said that you don't need to keep going back and forth or side to side, just keep pushing the puddle, don't pull it along as much for this thin walled stuff.
HOW MUCH TO BUILD FOR ME?
Why only 1 charger?, I would have used multiple wireless chargers.
I am seeing something that I can never build
that's so cool , i like it!!!
Dude!! You got some serious hardware over there
after watching this, everyone suddenly wanted to build their own desk with wireless charger
I guess all that equipment used to make it, is really expensive
First thing i thought: Dang thats nice. But i bet my cat would love it even more since they push things off the table
Next episode:HOW I BUILT MY HOUSE
This gave me a boner
I'm a bit late but everytime u finish welding snip off that ball of metal at the end of the wire
Super awesome video!! I wouldn’t be able to do it but it was really cool to watch!
Nice!
amazing
That gold MacBook though....I need the deets lol
Hmmmm.... this is nifty.
i would buy one of those!
I was cunfused for a moment because of the copper X. But then I realized, you didn't glue the copper on top of the wireless charger but a few inches to the side of it xD Otherwise the charger wouldn't have worked, I guess
Does that charger work With the Samsung s6?
Amazing desk. Hope to see more of your work!
I'd bet you already know this but one of the best places on youtube to learn welding is weldingtipsandtricks , the guy on it is a great welder and teacher.
Just buy a 80$ gaming mousepad
that you get a signal doesn't mean its a useful signal... wireless charging has the same issues as cabled charging, as everybody knows that too long a cable will crumble your amp current massively, like cut it in 1/4.. the same with wireless when you put things into amongst the signals will take its toe... so you should have checked the charging quality... after all ex 1amp are great, but 0.25amp will make it close to useless and take forever.. and both will give the charge status signal... anyway nice craftsmanship.. impressive.
BEAUTIFUL work <3!
wow..... my mouse moved,clicked and subscribed on its own....sick job dude,love the color of it and the nice and simple metal frame. welldone!
if we place the cell phone any were is it charge?
Loved this video man..
Nu!
what device did you used to paint the primer
I came for wireless charging desk, but watching the woodworking and craftsmanship was awesome! subbed :)
That plug to his YouTube channel was so clean
First time to the channel. Subscribed! Execellent video!
D
Beware of ruining eyesight with welding
wat if the the wireless charger gets hot while changing ????
Are you a joiner
Don’t weld strait into that extractor at it can actually suck up the spark and keep the ember glowing this could hit previous dust in the extracted box or bag and could be severe I’m only 15 and had it happen to me
Subbed
Love the build! Your channel is top notch! Hope to meet you someday!
Let's turn this into a business. Want to mass produce these with me?
So its not wireless if u still have to use a usb port
That is one legit desk, love that built in charger. maby built in usb next?? O like a powerstrip?
SUBBBBBBEDDD
Love channels like this, subbed
I think it be cheaper to go to IKEA lol they sell desk nd tables with wireless charges
ABSOLUTELY beautiful my dude.
First time here and glad I watched it. My question is that can I buy that type of table from you? And how much would it be with tax and shipping? I would love to build it but I'm not trained in that area and rather not take the risk until I know how.
Damn, it's perfect idea
Can you tell ikea to sell that desk for RM 300 or other currency
Thx for that great idea, don't know how I got here but I am glad I did.
I want your desk ????
That is beautiful man! Absolutely beautiful
sUPER IDEA
Subscribed. Can u make this for me? How much would it cost
Love it
Beautiful desk. Maybe one idea; maybe use velcro to mount the charger and/or something that is not so permanent for routing the cable. Just in case the charger goes bad you can always replace it. Amazing job.
VERY VERY NICE
Wow nice man, the next table i make my self the for that idea.
Could you have used the copper bow tie as the marker to place the phone on? Charger wouldn't probably work right? But if it was just a plastic piece (3D print?) that it could serve as the actual place to put your phone on. Just thinking about it.
really good... i like it
i have no idea how i ended up here, but please make me one when i move out!!! this is amazing
Is anyone gonna do this
oh he sexy
good job bro, you have now a fan
build a pc in the table
awesome job and the indicator is awesome, so much room for ton of ideas :D
nice
can anyone sub to me?
This would be a cool concept to use with a wireless keyboard and mouse
Woah thats a beautiful desk nice work I am jealous
Awesome. I wonder if the wireless charger gets hot or charges slowly with the extra thickness of the wood
Amazing I gotta do this to
Hey yo how much for this table,I'm like wowww...if I had it right now would've been amazing ????????...by the way good job,you're good man..??
It’s requires loads of equipment’s N props and more importantly loads & loads of patience . I’m not up for it
Am I the only person who watches these types of videos knowing I'll never do this? ????
This is awesome! Creative, and it makes me want to take up wood working!! :) Thanks for this! :)
how did you finish the legs paint powdercoat etc?
Definitely doing this to my nightstand.
Hey you got yourself a new subscriber. This was fantastic!
Nice desk
Seeing that it's soooo hard, I rather wait until when apple releases a wireless charger ??????? I'm sorry Edit: there is already one smh again?? Edit 2: not apple
Great video man! Greetings from Costa Rica
Easier to pick one up from IKEA cheaper too !
Nice work
Fix This Build That, you have inspired me to utilize the wireless charging routing on multiple tables in my home! My issue is that I am not handy at all with building so if you could list the type or drill bits or any other tips and tricks for a newby, it would be greatly appreciated! Please and thank you!
Fix This Build That, I am planning on doing this to multiple tables in my home now.... what drill bits are you using? I am not that gifted with building so any added instructions or tips and tricks for a newbie would be greatly appreciated!! Please and thank you!
U really inspired me u got a new subscriber
Got my sub and like buddy. What do you do for a living, YouTube? I guess i mean to say is that super bad ass shop for content creation on this channel or is carpentry your day job, because if your a newbie and its all for youtube my hats off to ya bud. Ether way it's inspiring to see thanks.
That is GORGEOUS!
Well done! Looks great!
Cool????????????
This was tooo good
Hey man, what Notebook lies there on your desk?
The first time an ask to subscribe worked on me.
Watches video... Me: already has a new desk Also me: Makes new desk just to charge phone that doesnt support wireless charging Also me 2: buys new phone to go with wireless charging desk that'll replace current desk.
Awesome!
That’s hard to build all of that
This is actually cool as hell it looked amazing great job ??
What a great video
Thank you so much for the insparation. Also, cool desk
I felt you can sell this desk for like 1000.
Beautiful work
nice project mann.. well done!
This is something what we have to use in the future
Awesome project.
This desk looks awesome. I've bought a desk grommet style Qi charger years ago, but I've never gotten around to drill that hole for it, because I just can't imagine always having my phone on the same exact place laid flat. Which is to say I'm changing the layout of my desk "clutter" way too often to keep dedicated desk real estate free of anything permanently for charging purposes.
Im surprised you went all thru that process before testing that it works through that thickness of wood. Lmao Anyways good job.
Welding and grinding with shorts. You brave man!
Wow ,love this vid .. I know i cant build this one ,i dont know woodworks .. But i enjoy watching your video man .. Thank you love lots
Great idea.... looks great.... I'm a welder learning woodworking, you can really come up with some great stuff when you combine those 2 skills. I'm also a self taught blacksmith... 1 tip when squaring up when tacking, use the biggest square you've got. And also measure the diagonal. When tacking, 3 tack welds per joint, in a triangle pattern. That will make you tacking is really strong and less chance of your parts coming apart.
I loved nothing as much as the way you do things , cleanly and properly
Hello, I love the desk! What were the end dimensions for reference of everything? (Long, Deep, Tall of the Metal Tubing; H x W of the Walnut)
imagine if the charger didn't work from there lol video over. great video
great video this makes me feel productive
you remind me of seths bikes hacks
I don't have all of the tools for this, but how much would you sell and make one for me?
I'm new to this channel but great video
Lets be honest No one try this...
you need to do 1 smooth pass with your welding
Hey what was the final size of the table?
HolyMadness! ??????
bahhh.. I can take it or leave it.. seriously nothing great to see here.. just the usual run of the mill stuff !!!
I it just me or building videos are way more fun to watch then anything else
Next time, check out Belkin's in-desk wireless charger, especially made for people like you: https://www.belkin.com/us/p/P-B2B180/
what are the dimensions of the wireless charger?
From where dis you get those magnets ?? Which you used during welding
Wow thats crazy
wow!!!!
#kind a crazy project, congratulations, beautyfull work :)
NICE ????
i would buy that desk!
Walnut woods looks amazing, I didn't think that
man what an awesome craftsmanship it is..what an idea...it is so amazing..
Brilliant. Love your work.
Now what happens when that charger breaks? You could have oped for an easier replace system there...
Amazing boss.
You should try to integrate the internals of he Logitech wireless charging mousepad into the desk so you can never run out of mouse battery
Practice welding
I like the idea but 3 recommendations: TIG welding, Adjustable height feet with no full box lower section, and just because it says it's charging doesn't mean it will charge very well. You should check the charging time. I recommend taking the charger out of it's plastic case so that it can shed some heat and you can get it closer to the surface. The adjustable feet should be mandatory for any hard floor surface. The TIG welding might seem difficult but trust me, when you get good, you get great where as MIG will limit you on projects. Nobody ever learned to TIG and then went to MIG except to mass produce. Great desk! My idea from years back was to use optical recognition, find the phone and then with an x-y stage under the desk, move the wireless charger to the correct coordinates. I never did it because my reward is in the feasibility, less in the doing. I'm a planner :)
Although I did the same thing for like $137.47 with a ready bought desk lol
UR GARAGE SO BIG!
Beautiful !
You are cooooooool
god i wish i had your tools drools
When you said "thanks a lot hope to see you around" I actually thought the video had ended and quickly scrolled up from the comments to make sure, for that split second I felt disappointed lmao. Safe to say I have subscribed, I like what you achieved
The magic charging desk
You just gained a subscriber, I cant believe its the first time I come across your videos. Awesome work!
what kind of wood is that?
Sure I have those equipment (wood cutting tool and welder) laying in my room. NOT! But it still an awesome video and great tips and idea. Love the wireless charging port idea even though I never use it.
You just got a subscriber
very wood excellent wireless battery iphone XS PLUS
que muy hermoso el escritorio, con cargador de carga inalambrica? gran idea, disculpa si me la copio, excelente video, saludos
zajebiste
very very kool!!! amazing what one can do when you have a brain!!
Great idea
Won't be using the desk when you're in hospital getting the tumors removed from your abdomen.
Thanx ! , you have inspired me to make 2 bedside tables for my wife and I built in with Qi charging. I used a charger with 3 colls for better results and it works great !! no more loose cables and free space on the bedside table. Thanx, gr Oscar
Great job!
Man, you did all so tidy, so accurate... And then u fokin glue the charger with a stick glue... Arrrghhh...
when you say subscribe i just subscribed .
Is the bow tie, itself, symmetrical?
First of all, amazing project. Second, it might not have been a good idea putting something of metal next to a magnetic field.
Very nice skills
Awesome video man!
Thats lit
I love you video, not just by your nature of work but the way you presented your video. It's very informative.
You're Awesome, thumbs up for you and your team.
This video wants me to make one of these lol
Instruction Unclear. The desk burned
This really gives me a few ideas for the project I'm going to be working on soon! I dont do tons of woodwork but I want to create my own desk. I love a deep desk (~33 Inches) and I cant find one that I want to buy, so I'm going to make my own! I dont know how I'm going to do it, but I want to add a large mousemat sunken into the desk, and now possibly a wireless charger. I am trying to think of how I will create the legs though, as I dont have the tools for metal legs, and would rather have wood legs aswell. If anyone has any tips, I would be very appreciative of them. I need to make this sturdy to withstand a bit of a beating without collapsing.
just found your channel subscribe!!!
when welding always try weld down, use gravity to let the blob run
Great work man...  Looks awesome!  Thanks for sharing!
Smart work dude...
That desk is beautiful, I was a little skeptical coming in to this video, but you blew me away. Amazing work!
sweet
Just started watching your videos. I like what I have seen so far. Any chance you could do a project like this one, but show the work WITHOUT the power planners and routers? I know it's more work, but not all of us have the tools and it would help to know what techniques we can use. Thanks! :-)
Great video love that desk
good idea
chisel and hammer is best
Amazing! Super job!
8-Bit guy will hate that mounting.
Nice
the copper inlay kinda wrecked the look
I like custom desk. Are you giving it away or selling?
Love it
are you using tip gel for your welder you just dip it in every once in a while keeps gun from balli g up with slag.
Make more videos. I see you from St. Petersburg, Russia.
"just finesse it"
That is a awesome looking desk. Love the video.
????????????????????????????????????????????????????
This is awesome man. Gives me so many ideas!
Beautiful Desk bud.
That copper inlay would make a great touch sensor for a lamp! (if it wasn't place next to the user's had area) If you are interested you should take a look at touch sensors at adafruit and sparkfun!
This was the fastest subscription I have ever made. I was literally 5 seconds into the video and I subscribed.
It will caught on fire
Talent
Your workstation so clean. No dust anymore
pretty awesome man
Awesome video! First one I see, can’t wait to see the others!
How thick is the wood between the wireless charger and the phone?
Bravo
em, the product of your sponsor isnt good, is it / the table looks super used already
Just a tip , in ur table u used the spint wood its the lighter part of the table it looks giid but its not good to use its mutch weaker then tje original wood the spint wood is on the outside of the tree the weekest part of it thats why bugs en insects made holes in it
It would had looked pretty good if painted it white. But cool video anyway.
This is soooo freaking cool
Beautiful brother! Love your shop too, wicked jealous!
That's pretty sick!
awesome! u inspired me! props!
You should do a wireless charger bed side table
You've made my mind invented table??
I just like your video. BUTTTT im so lazzzzyy I envy the crap out of you for that shop n brains hahahah Great futuristic content man
Great video man... thanks for sharing.
loved your project.
what phone do you have??
do you think we all have these Maschines...........NO we dont so pls just write how i made a .................
for myself, this is very difficult to do, requires special skills. but this video is very interesting to watch and finally I like this video. also provide a little inspiration.
He did all this just so he can charge his phone smh.
Fix This Build That  what cover do u use for your phone? Looks grt. Send me a link pls.
Size of table
wow this is amazing! keep up the amazing work!
I like how your mind thinks. Good idea with the charger, and I agree the metal bow tie accents the table great.
I'm definitely going to look into building this be use I'm always at my desk and my phone is always with me, it's just nice to have a fully charged phone sitting next to you when working on stuff
bro i love the looking of this desk
You should really smooth out the parts and edges of the metal you cut so you don’t cut yourself. It really hurts.
Been thinking about building my own table with the same feature! But since I don't have the more finer tools, I thought about making an overall "rough" look but with built in charger. You could easily sell that table for 1000€
I gave you a thumbs up for completing a great project, but I won't be buying another new phone any time soon just to get cordless charging. ;¬)
make more of this table i would buy one for 165 dollars
really great videos mate :)
Love the video do more like this ????
Niceee
y u glue the charger
Well, I like what I see. Hitting subscribe
Thumbs up if you re too lazy to do that!
You need to manage resources
this is perfection
this guy bring his hobby into the next level, lmao. good job!
Bro ...you impressed me
That was amazing.
awsome
You earned a new sub!
Now i want my own house and build my own workshop (even though i don't have the smallest idea how to build stuff). Great content, new subscriber ??
Thats awesome
Why I don't feel capable to do those things?
I don`t know why I end up watching this guy at midnight but i love it :D :D
I love these types of videos
I subscribed right after this video... just epic work
Just wanna let you know you got your voltage up a bit high on your wire welder and when you grind your welds you don't just want them smooth like you would with lumber but you actually want to blend them to your weld. Good job for a beginner though! also invest in a gas/oxy torch they're inexpensive and the practice is goodto have.
Awesome but I don't have time to do that never.
Amazing. Those 10mins flew by.
And all of a sudden I wanna make a desk
OMG! I would really like to have a table like that!!
love the desk would love one like that but with out the charger man its nice
Just like Gran Torino taught me "WD-40, vise grips, and some duct tape. Any man worth his salt can do half the household chores with just those three things.”
I know I'll never bother trying this things out, but still I watch so much of these kinds of videos.
Why didn't you make a perfect hockey puck sized hunk o walnut to fill that unsightly gap under the desk ? Kidding - very nice job.
I'm gonna have to do this! I'm remodeling my office and going to build a crazy one-of-a-kind 86" long desktop. I also want to do the "River look" epoxy top. Do you have a video on that?
one word............ SWEET
Not sure if ever tried the green tape, but I prefer that over the blue. Lastly, why decide to go for round qi charger over the rectangle ones, which I prefer....as they "fit phones" better. Regardless, not bad. & glad I ended up stumbling to this channel, as this first vid for me. L8R, A
Is this black walnut? Also, assuming your putting the crown up, right? What happens if you can't cuz of knots, or other defects, etc... Is it okay to put crown down! Awesome looking table & pretty cool of the qi charger built in! Cheers, A
You got in my good books.
Well done greeeat job
this is so clean!!!!!!
Awesome job, the table looks great! The only thing I would have done different is mount the charger without hot glue in case it goes bad, perhaps a small wood bracket that screws in place.
Nice job
do you take orders lol
I like your work i am adam
That's a good Qi charger; I have to take my hard case off my phone for it to charge. To have your phone charge through 1/8" of walnut plus your case is great.
What can I do to get me a man like this?
Nice And Great!!
god dam awsome
Samsung s8+
Makes me want to start woodworking and metalworking, cool vid.
I most go to the toolshop.
the new wireless charging? hasn't it been around for years?
Wow, what a craftsman.
Well done! Liked and subscribed!
So so awesome! Love the inlay!
amazing....Loved it
It's all fun and games till you cut off a finger cause you been drinking while building the table.
is this wireless charging work any phone?
A beginner eh ? You sure ?
Looks great! Nice job with the inlay. These are not a criticism, just ideas: You could try to hide the front piece of tubing by setting it a couple of inches inside of the front edge. I also think an inlay with more contrast would look cool - perhaps aluminum?
nice
I had this idea like 6 months ago. Unfortunately, I don't have the tools to make it.
Your "is this your first time on this channel" sounds a lot like Kati Morton
Gotta say you are an excellent craftsman. Not trying to hide your mistakes and ask for help learning how to improve. Thats a sure way to become a real master at your craft. Awesome job and beautiful desk.
Bro, curiosity is about to kill me. Please, what is the laptop you put at the top of the desk. Brand and model??
Does it charge in any area in the table?
you should get a bit for your router that has a bearing on it so that you can make a guide piece with the shape you want to route and just slide along the guide piece. I don't know what it's called in english but we use this all the time at the woodworking shop i work at.
You welded better than I did in high school.
Omg is working Thanks
Brad: thanks for another great video! Your work is amazing and I love how you’ve stretched out and tried something new! I look forward to you next build!
Very cool! ...and innovative. I aspire to be as creative as you in the future!
Great video - thanks for sharing
Love it mate good job!
There's companies out there working on wireless chargers right now that you just have to be within a few feet of them. This a great, the desk looks amazing.
I love your table but if wireless charger is more great, but thank you
dont get your face in the weld, dont breath in the smoke. you should learn tig.
what phone case do you have??
Great build, walnut is always a winner.
So cool man!
I once build something similar but put the cable into the leg to get it down to the floor without being visible. Since your legs are already hollow that shouldn't be a problem.
I would have put it a bit higher or in the middle
it's simple.
Awesome build
Take a shot every time he says "I" jk. you'll probably die
I made myself a table too, a friend of mine works in a carpenter's workshop and they had linoleum table leftovers, I got them for free (180x80mm). a normal one would be about 400$. I took an old frame from my grandmother, sanded it down and made a powder coating
Lets just ignore the fact that 99% of the people watching this don't have access to all these tools
What phone is that he has??
I love how this guy gives us the instruction in detail like we're actually going to do this ourselves
You have 10+ minutes video and you didn't add any ad break, as a youtuber i would say that's awesome :)
liked the idea, good job man, keep up the good work. SUBBED!
awesome!
you will make more money starting your own company Mr. McGyver instead of wasting time making videos. for sure.!.
Great video. Nice to see real men building stuff. Keep it up.
Just discovered your channel. I've never been into wood/metal work, but damn, I think I may have the beginnings of a new hobby. Fantastic video, you've got yourself a new subscriber!?
insane
that wireless charger idea was great.
Brad what a fantastic build, and congratulations on your induction into the WELDER league; that is one beautiful 210MP!! Bad lil mama jamma of multi-process power....can't wait to see you rock some TIG with her. I build a mixture of wood & metal projects, so it excites me to see you delve into the welding aspect of your projects.
damn, thats really cool
lol, just cover a wireless charger in camo tape, problem solved!
I have none of these tools
??????????!
everything was so perfect until he glue that charger....
I wish that you didn't hot glued the charger in as the wireless charger might broke off over time. @_@
Wouldn’t like to be paying you by the hour.. And yes the glue is strong enough to hold the join.. dowels , dominoes prevent splitting or warping in the top when climate changes.. And also why did you not use the cross cut fence on the saw to cut to length? Far better than your slide saw.. no chip out with a g5 blade or similar.. Nice product at the end tho
Wow
Awesome
Nice Commentary ??
I'm a little sad you didn't polish the inlay like it originally was, but still an awesome desk.
????????, ?????? ??????. ?? ?????? ???????? ??????? ?? ?????
Would the wireless charger have the same efficiency while charging the phone through the slim wood?
Hmm great idea for a meeting table for cliënts
I like the fact that your workshop is clean as heaven.
FLY charger on the DRONE over cloud go back in my room 4 all divces 100% wireless. It's Gonna B all time all weather GOT it?
All wireless charger is not 100% wireless
Great job sir.
I’m not even interested in this sort of building things but this is cool??
SO COOL GOOD JOB
Question: Are available for custom furniture sales? Cause I'd buy that table
cancer desk XD
Great work man !!! Subby subed !
7:25 is what turned me into a subscriber. :) looking forward to seeing more of your videos!
Nice Project ??
I just discovered your channel with this video. Your channel is amazing dude ;) :D
Amazing video! Not a handy guy here but I find it so interesting how you can build something so practical and modern. Would love to see more of these ideas ??
this was in a word awesome, love the wireless charging part. I got an old desk I like and I want to put in a flush mount plug usb combo. just need to get the hole saw and order the plug. You know how that goes.
Am i the only one who thought that you could set your phone down anywhere on the desk and it would charge?
Was that mig welding?
How thick can the table be for letting the charger charge through it?
Share norm ground qlkmrc gradually lovely die admire evident hope scientist study.
this is so impressive...
wow. This is so cool even though I had a different expectation when I clicked in. I thought you would make a table that phone can be wireless charged anywhere on the table!! Would that be possible?
This is so cool!
Respect
First time watcher, loved the video. Immediately subscribed. Happy building!
Probably the most creative thing I’ve seen on YouTube in awhile. Good job!
2-3 wireless charging pads would of been nice. Future proof it from the get go!
Hold my beer gotta go find a saw
Just wow
I think the copper looked better when it was shinny but good work can I have the desk I want it
wow this is great work!
Me: That doesnt look harddddd gets ikea table 20 hours later ME: AHAHHHH WHY ARE THE TABLE LEGS BACKWARDS
Don't weld directly on concrete like that, it will melt
This was really cool to see, Good work and good job on this!
This takes me back to this old house
Rlly appreciated the fact that u didn't ask to subscribe at the beginning of the vid
Lazy man's guide: Step 1: Buy a desk. Step 2: Drill into the bottom and fit your charger. Done.
first of all you have to buy all those tools
2x??
You're a beast dude.
pretty sure you are going to get some eddy currents (https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Eddy_current) in that copper --- sapping some of your charging capacity. Might not be enough to matter. One way to check is to do an amp draw test.
well done, the wood machines doing great
How to Make a Desk with Hidden Wireless Charging 1. Buy tools for 250.000€ 2. ... 3. get to ikea an buy a cheap desk
I don’t have a phone that uses wireless charging but this just looked so cool
Should we be looking away when your welding?
great job I love it
saw this yesterday, ignored it. But found it again today! Great job!
These has to be industry standards now
I want One
Subscribed and liked,... Gwenndolynn
Ok you probably heard this when you bought the welder but welding tip, i make small circles when i weld and the beads come out quite nice
Make sure you push your weld
Beautiful desk
subscribed, loved the pace the result and the lenght of the video, im starting to learn all kinds of crazyy stuff with epoxy besides woodworking, i wanna soon start with metalwork too, nice job
Are you Flip Rodriguez's brother? You look like him
This is the first time one of those "Don't Forget To Subscribe" plugs actually worked on me lol something about watching woodworking its satisfying haha
Saw this in my recommended and loved this video, you earned yourself a new sub ??
Omg I love this channel
Killed it brother!! Congrats on the mil!
Nice video, Thank you for sharing.
I said this before you did it, but don’t use metal clamps where your welding, I learned that the hard way
I subscribed!!
Is something I can purchase
Love the look, but I am not insane.
Not a big fan of combining metal with wood especially tables but you did a good job. Congrats.
sick!
Just subbed .. this is amazing. I just bought a house and have so many ideas :) this helps
Nice you have a drive and a very creative mind and you are the most productive youtuber
Aa if someone would do this.
Usually this is totally not my ballpark, but this looks incredible. Forwarded it to my brother in law cuz he goes bananas for this stuff . You sir got yourself a well deserved sub!
It destroyed my mind
First video I watched of yours and I was in awe, simple sleek design with a great modern look and functionality with the wireless charging is clever!. I bet a table like this would be well over $1,200 if sold online just because of that!. Beautiful piece and inspiring me to try my hand in some wood work.
More than the work I love your attitude.. hard to find such down to earth people today. Keep learning and keep up the great work!
Bro... what d :O in simple words AMAZING CREATIVITY.. SUPERB WORK... this is the perfect video i came across on youtube... keep it man.. u got a fan plus a subscriber :D
What is the wireless charger is broken How do you replace it?
Beautiful work!
Don’t know how I ended up on this video I was watching a video from my teacher sent me but this is a great video keep up the good work and nice job explaining everything in detail i am definitely going to subscribe
Such a clean work. I love it ??
You're not worried about the charger heating up with it being encased by wood?
Interesting, now get out of my recommended
Hey Can I buy that....It is Awesome Brother...subscribed.
when your welding mild steel don't put the fume extractor so close to the work because sometimes it can take the shielding gas away, also you don't really need a fume extractor for welding mild steel.
this is so cool!! i know close to nothing about wood work and i learned a lot just from one video :D
this guy seem like he has OCD
Or take any old wooden desk cut a small place in it for the wireless charger and a little path for the cord to be plugged in
This vid is from I like to build stuff with bob
Wow, now I suddenly have the urge to build one myself! The table looked incredible on its own, but the polyurethane really brought out its character. You just gained a new subscriber - also noticed you are also very close to me, I am in Dickson, Tennessee - just 30 miles west of you. Keep up the awesome content!!
Your smart????
Beautiful desk great skills
That's a great table man, I'm jealous lol
You're very talented bro. Keep it up!
IKEA taking notes!
well damn, this is a very nice professionally cut video with some great skills there, something that I would use to trust you with any projects I have in mind (if postage wasn't costing more than your hard work.... no offence but shipping really bites into the planning portion) You lay it out so that students can easily follow along at a pace that can keep it intereting, you even put it onto Youtube, so the students just write down timestamps and come back to it at a later time. Keep up with the hard work, I'm not someone that works with wood or metal but I can say that you're someone that I can learn from if I feel the urge to make something with my hands or use you to make something I want. I do love how you done the plug with sponsors and nudge with subscribing, it was seamless and it shows us that you will be happy to use them in a practical sense rather than just for the extra money. As I was typing I got a confusing delivery from Philips, 2 downlights (connected to outlet plug), T-shirt and a baseball cap.... one of the most unexpected and strange deliveries... but anyone that gives me clothes is a friend of mine, inside was a contractors book.... I have no licence therefore I can't play with anything beyond 48V DC I am very confused
Welding tip #1 don't look at it #2 weld the object not yourself
idk how this was recommended to me but damn dood, great video. Subbed!! love to see what else you do
i dont know anthing that your doing wrong but you awesome
That was pretty damn cool.
Amazing work! True artistry!
Why didn’t you put the bow tie underneath the position the phone goes in like horizontally? Love the channel!
all those tools, damn i dont even know the name of of them, so amazing job,
What if we don’t have $30k of tools and equipment
From what I remeber in welding class it's better to do a circle motion
I realized we were out of are depth the second he had planks in his hand
Would you make me one? I need a desk with wireless charging comparability! I could buy one online, but I’d love to support you! How much do you think it’d be?
Isn't it dangerous to have a hidden inductor in a table
Fantastic bro
Nice
is it bad that when he was about to weld i instinctively turned away?
i was worried you were gonna put the bowtie ontop of the wireless charger wich would have ruined EVERYTHING!
blood sweat and tears..........perfect????
Wow, awesome video man! You earned my subscription!
Subbed! That desk is stunning! Nicely done!
I just came to this channel the first time and I love this channel I subscribed and road to 200 K Subs
First time here, this was amazing! also you explained things where a complete noob who's never done anything handy like this. Can't wait to try it!
Or you could just glue the wireless charger under your desk
fire hazard?
that was satisfying
i wanna buy it
Awesome project, i really like the hidden charger feature as well as the materials you used.
Welding tip: Dont weld your clamp
i wasnt going to do this but I enjoyed the video
First timer, sold and subscribed. Cool skills and nice vid. A+ on the work. Keep going
You can get better at welding by not welding your clamps??
Subscribed and loved great work great tools great guy you are looking forward to more videos
Hello, i am a beginner. I would like a plainer and welder all that good stuff. For making stuff like shelfs and tables. What would be the best thing to invest in? Machinery wise
Even my carpenter doesnot have that much no. Of tools
im not a professional myself but your welding is not bad :)
That's so cool
you mentioned something about buying lumber online. What places would you recommend and trust?
Nice build
That’s so cool !!!!!!! I want one ??????
Thank you for sharing this DIY. You could have sold your idea to make alot of money but your didn't.
i need this, perhaps gonna try make one
I would take the Wireless Charger out of its plastic housing.
Love the desk! A suggestion i have is to velcro the wireless charger instead (and run a tape over the wire), so that it is easy to change if ever the charger spoils. Would love to have this in my future home!
Well golly, now I gots to build me that.
play minecraft
GET THIS GUY TO 200K SUBS!!
Hi @Fix This Build That. I think it would better if you build a bracket to hold the wireless charger instead of glue it. If one day the wireless charger malfunction you could replace it.
Wow, great work. I do some wood work my self too (hobby) but you are on whole different level. With that kind of tool's it pure pleasure.
This is amazing dude! Well done! ??
Genius!!
Thank you very much im going to make my desk like this too
I love it !!! ??????
Man, the table you made looks way better than the tables in the market..loved it!
Oh!? Is this your sideline Kevin Love while on vacation from NBA? nah!
Does it work with the iPhone X ?.
Wish I had your skills!
This video is like too too cool! Thanks youtube for recommending it.
Well but then you won't be able to carry your wireless charger with you anymore!
Great ????????????
You ever think about making those tables to sell? Besides the charger obviously but I'm.... less then good with my hands when it comes to building unless I'm cooking lol and I'd love one of these tables
ah its amazing!!?????? hey...can i work with you in this workshop?? pls.??????
Love when the sponsor fits perfect to your video. Its relevant. More like this and great job!
Your videos are awesome.......
Amazing
Nice keep making tutorials it helps
I hope someday you make desk for pc or make pc case from wood ??
your a handy dude, I will learn from you. thank you
This was an amazing process to watch and the ending was so satisfying you got my sub!
AllOfASudden
What if your wireless charging pad broke? How do you intend to fix it or replace it then?
Or, just duct tape your charger to the underside of your not-too-thick table? Duct tape fixes everything!
2:24 some nice little buttholes
doesn't the copper bow tie interfere with wireless charging which is based on copper wire electro magnets creating a magnetic field which charges a corresponding electro magnet in the back of your phone? I feel like that would interrupt much of the magnetic field and thus the efficiency of your wireless charging.
Your welds are fine for your project and over time you will improve on the beads themselves. Just be sure that when you weld your tacking first and then checking for square and not just laying down a bead.
I want to buy this desk so bad. Great work!
Sell this desk to me its sooo nice
Man that is a beautiful desk my guy. I used to do woodworking in High school but now I'm getting inspired and want to get back into it! If you haven't done a video yet on Infinity Tables I highly recommend that. I made a rudimentary one years ago, but I get the feeling that you could make an AMAZING one. Anyways awesome video and I look forward to seeing more cool projects.
I don't know too much on welding, but woodworking is a love of my life. If you ever want very circular circles with the router, cut the size hole you want with a hole saw in a scrap piece of wood, clean up the cut, and then use a pattern bit for your router. It has a bearing on the top that is designed to follow a pattern or template, which is useful for what you were doing here, or things like mortising hinges into doors. Freud Pattern Bit: https://www.woodcraft.com/products/freud-50-101-pattern-router-bit-top-bearing-1-2-d-1-1-4-cl-1-4-sh?gclid=CjwKCAjw8O7bBRB0EiwAfbrTh0Kj32OaHImPcJkTrmnW4FGI93C_tl3vRSjfmp7vGd6wowFkd2HFthoCnl0QAvD_BwE Either way awesome project and awesome thoughts about the wireless charger intergration!
I might suggest putting some smooth masonite strips on your tablesaw outfeed to reduce the kick up you are getting when ripping your long boards.
Wish i could buy this! :-)
Saw this in my recommended list, and its the first time youtube has actually put something entertaining for me to watch. 100% subbed bro, keep up the great content.
Can you make me one? lol ??
Woah.
Damn Dude you are amazing
You got a sub from me guy this was dope
It might “work” but the efficiency is probably horrible and wireless charging already takes twice as long to charge than it would with a cable connection.
this is actually really amazing and creative well done :)
wtf same phone same laptop same mouse
nice
con todas esas maquinas yo tambien lo hago
Idk but can you make a table for me??? I’m really interested. But if it’s ok with you or if it’s even possible can you try with the Apple air power that may or may not be coming out this September. Name your price and I’ll pay.
This was so satisfying to watch
The only way to get better with welding is to practice, so get some scrap for free or cheap and go to town trying different welds on different metals, and then if you mess up or it looks ugly it does not matter. The plus side you can recycle your metal and make some money back, or cal it art. lol
Absolutely beautiful table. This was so awesome to watch. Love how you incorporate your tech desires and your woodworking/metalworking skills.
thats what she said. 1:02
431 people dont have wireless charging phones i guess...
SO AMAZING!
First video I watched for some reason it recommended me this. Pure pleasure to see it from start to finish. Great work
It's really cool idea! LIKE!
Wow
It would have been alot better to use the "timeglass" shaped thing right over the wireless charger so you would know where to put your phone. I dont know if that might interupt with the power from the wireless charger to the phone.
That is sooooooo cool I love it so much
Love it. Always want to do something like that but have no space for all tools
Great job!!! Subscribed!!!!! :)
best diy that I'd ever seen ??
The woods stick strongly together because he uses flex glue
This is absolutely stunning! Literally a work of art, I would pay you a lot of money to make me a desk like that
Liked the video SUBBED
As a carpenter i know how tricky these things can get. AND BOY did u do a great job mate, Nice work :D
Awesome vid man, subscribed ????
I want wireless charger in my hand! Make a tutorial about that ;)
real quality content. rare things on Youtube tho. Keep up the great job.
sick idea. the metal inlay just finished it off so nicely
but remember not to put any metal inlay over the inductive charger, it wouldn't work anymore! just a tip
i would have bought that table if i were from states anyway you got a subscriber ..good work ..
SUB!!!
My mans not worried about splinters or nothing lmao
Looks soooo good! But you need to have all those amazing machines! :D
Nice dude!
i want to build something awesome too
Cool
welding tip don't lick it
I would have made the charger a lot simpler to exchange in and out. Just in case after a few years the charger shits out, you can easily get a new one. But then again, making a whole new table in 4 years is probably a turn on for you. Regardless, I subscribed and thought this video was insane. I'm 23 and am already nostalgic for my old high school wood shop. Your set up is just why I want a house someday. Love the channel, man!!
SUBBED
subbed great video great explanation!
You should make and sell. That is a cool desk! Gives me some ideas! Thanks Brad.
This is absolutely incredible work. Never watched a video like this, but I have always been interested in this stuff. Top notch vid!
I know I'm never going to build myself a table but I really enjoyed this video
I don't know a single thing of what you're on about. However, it was interesting, lmao. Good job.
I subbed before even watching
Well-Done
Awesome
First video I've seen from you and it was great. Subscribed!
Definitely subscribed! Love that idea ??
Good lord that is a beautiful desk!
I need one of those ! ??????
cool video. great table. 99% of diyers are not gonna have all these tools you are using.
cancer me
What you did was pretty cool. Great looking desk. As like a couple others that have commented this video was in a recommended list and I clicked on it. Definitely subscribing
with a mig gun you dont need to move in circles or anything. it does it for you
Dude
Cool ???
Awesome!! Liked and subscribed!!
Ikea wants to know your location.
Nice job...
Awesome!
I am so jealous. I wish I was this handy.
790,520 people out of the 790,524 people watching this wont be using this information or attempting to do any build similar to this
Im confused how a wirelss charger works if the phone isn't touching. Or am i dumb?
Gg.
That looks fantastic!!!
Sadly wireless charging is super inefficient and wastes lots of potential power :(
That was A1
it would of been pretty cool to use a wood inlay so the inlay marks the exact spot
New subscriber here. I'm enjoying to watch this video a desk with hidden wireless charging! Very cool idea! Congratulations, Fix This Build That!
SO BASICALLY YOU'RE TURNING A LAPTOP INTO A DESKTOP MMMMMM
SO WHAT IF I WANT TO CHARGE MY PHONE IN THE DINNING ROOM OR KITCHEN, NOT THAT I OWN ANY OF THOSE ROOMS., MY CURRENT HOUSE(ROOM) IS ALL IN 1. BUT, WHAT IF ?
Love the vid and the accent!
very nice i almost made it
What kind of phone do you have?
Yup, this is definitely awesome. Good job!
Well...there is quite alot of big machine to make it.. in my house only have drills and a saw Lmao.
Great work man. Keep it up ????
Very creative. Very well done brother. I am subscribing
so you are wearing a helmet to protect your eyes from the spark but decided to bombard our eyes with a light thats brighter than a thousand suns... dude, I am blind!
Great work! Looks clean.
What the....... Glam table mate. How much in total all your equipments are worth.
New sub here ! Nice stuff and clear explanation. Liked !
Set it down, literally
Great work!
Who watched this knowing damn well they’ll never build this? Edit: Dang, first time I got more than 1 like on YouTube, tanks y’all Edit Edit: Only 35 more likes to hit that 1 thousand likes milestone. I love all of you (:
Superb .. I need a furniture maker now ????
Absolutely gorgeous desk!
I feel like a way to hold the charger and not glue it would be a better bet cusz what if it stops working you know, ive had a wireless charger stop working so id not glue it and stay on the safe side
oh yeah it was workd
Next challenge put a gaming mat in there
Beautiful looks professional
This is un copyable , i dont have all that tools , even the glue
So cool. Love the ingenuity.
good work
This is beautiful omg ??
That`s cool idea man.
Beautiful Desk
Would definitely buy it or make it if I had the equipment
God, you make me want to go into carpentry now, lol
That's amazing, plus you have all the tools you needed as well.
New subscriber here. Love the channel and always like to see new ideas.
cool vid
Youtube unsubbed me from you, thats bs
Absolutely gorgeous desk! Great work!
I'm always skeptical when people put metal frames with woodwork, but it really brought this whole piece together. The metal frame and copper inlay bring a nice modern look to the wood!
sorry but i dont want to microwave my balls
There is a desk with that features here in our country in Oppo Store.
Amazing video and quality! Subscribed! Keep on the good work Brad
Is this desk for sale?
Wow, amazing
very nice work
I think it'd be easier to find the wireless charger by marking it with a clean outline or a symbol directly on top of it, but hey, I'm not a woodworker ?????
Upgrade your mouse.
I want also put a charger in my desktop But the charger that you usses seems a little bit cheap to me Can je plss help me with some tips with the right charger Btw im from the netherland So don't look at my grammer
5:20 ????????????come on dude
Amazing workd dude, really amazing!
Great video!
Impressive work. Will the surface of the part of the desk that holds the charger be fragile? It has a hole underneath it after all. Any chance that it collapses after you accidentally smashed or hit it really hard? It is not really possible to happen but I am really curious about it.
Nice video! And really nice table!!! Wish I was as handy as you!
You've gained a new subscriber!
amazing video~~ subscribed after 3 minutes into video
God bless YouTube recommended, I'm now into ants, circuitry and speedcubing.
i usely dont subscribe to new found channels but i like what you did here. You earned another sub. Great work!!
can you makke a video on every machine you have that is relevant on wood work ..and leave a advice on how to do wood works
You could just tape one under your desk
awesome!
you just earned yourself a new subscriber
This is so cool
you should try making a table with holes in it, but fill them with coloured epoxy so it looks niceer
Hey man you did a great job. Brilliant idea. ??
Hrrrr i ate you, you are to Talented, but i Love it !
I love it
This video is amazing!
Any chance you're willing to sell that table?
You know that having metal between the phone and the charger will result in you either loosing wireless charging all together or it being slower because the metal is a conductior
Or just put the charger on the table, just sayin
Awesome!
thickness of wood between phone and wireless charger?
nice! subscribed!
I want to build something like that too. Though with built in usb ports and i/o for a pc instead. great video and very informative. you got another subscriber!
5:45 The straight comes off while going through the table saw.
awesome build! but would the wood (and your case) slow down the wireless charging speed ?
That's some beautiful wood.
Who else felt this was really satisfying 8:30
Can I do this with like an ikea tabletop? Then again I’ll probably have to take it to my school’s shop... which probably won’t be allowed lmao
Why weld when you can use dUct TaPe
NICE!!
awesome
I'm very happy that the phone in the video was Samsung
That was pretty friggin nice.
That was awesome! That will be a cool computer table. Connecting Tech with woodwork and metalwork? Subbed and Liked!
Wow! ?? Love it! Subscription is on!
Badass and clever
Wow that's looks dope love it
This is probably a goofy question, but what phone is that?
new to your channel, was looking for ideas on building a desk. For your stand, what are the lengths of tubing?
Well done buddy, you are amazing man. You know how to work with wood and metal. You got my sub :) Keep up that great work.
"How to make" The first step: Use some weird ass machine
You could have added the laptop charger channel beneath the table as well , or how about putting a desktop inside the table itself.
Don’t cha just love watching videos of things you have no genuine interest in building or the technology needed to construct it?
I like the designs and the material that you make. I also like the hardware and the organization. Great man!
sir. that was awesome. well, you can't find a table that has wireless phone charger anywhere. I hope you'll made some table for PC gamers in the future.
omg! your tools must be worth more than my entire life savings
10:04 that pun
3:47 And.... I’m blind
OMG i had this exact same idea a couple months ago but i did not have the time to build my desk yet
Subbed. Great video.
Wow, I do some woodworking in my free time. Nice work dude! I hope to be as good as you one day!
While we're stuck in 2018, this man is in 2077
Once you have your tacks remove your magnetic squares (leave your clamps), because if you expose your magnets to enough heat they will demagnetize over time.
Haven’t watched the video so probably wrong but I’m guessing you hide the wireless charging tech in the table? Too obvious maybe? Lol
Can i buy it?
i'd pay you to have that custom desk delivered to my door, it's beautiful. Any way I can buy it from you?
I saw this video, like the only video i have seen with you, and i love you!! #keepupgoodwork
i would love to live in US for the big reason of the access to every tool!!!
Walnut is now my 2nd favorite. Love the look of it stained.
I loved it man. That wireless charging... I'm about to build my new desk, and I'm going for it. Thanks for the inspiration.
looks beautiful !
Well done man
awesome!!! if they were for sale i would buy one
Imagine this with a wireless charging qi PADS, like the huge mats.
But can it run crysis?
Superb Metal work and wood work !!!
I was expecting more of a hot Glue and duck tape scenario but this will do I guess.
wow.. this is awesome.. clicks the subscribe button
??????
U r awesome
Damn I need a new desk.
What laptop is that?
Well done! ????
This is awesome
Damn! That's soooo DOPE
What a sick workshop you have
Damn such a nice and awesome idea great job man :D
Can you please make me one !? ??
Wow. Very cool
jesus christ that inlay is perfect
Hi, nice video. the idea to put a wireless charger is something every furniture maker like ikea should do. But when i saw the metal part to mark the spot of the wireless charger, i was asking myself one thing. Why not using a piece of wood from another kind of wood ? using another wood can allow you to place the mark directly where the wireless charger is. It's more accurate to place a phone on a mark than placing a phone next to a mark. right ?
*Puts wireless charger under desk Puts phone on top of desk Fail
Is there a way to make appliances have the ability for wireless control, e.g. lights, fans?
subbed
That was awesome
Amazing.
Wish i could afford Tools to do stuff like this.... :(
I would've made more room for where the cord plugs in and staple the wire instead of hot glue just in case the wire stopped working. It just would be an easier fix if it did stop working. Other than that, nice video.
Cool, wish I was crafty! All I make are balls out of aluminium foil &crosses from popsicle sticks
Super neat desk, great build!
That looks awesome
Loved what I saw, just subscdibed
For welding always try to keep your arms/elbows against something for more precise welding and I like to drag the wire away from the weld as I make a long bead
very cool
can you make me one too Please
satisfaction
Dammit man, this is beautiful. Probably worth $1k at Kirkland’s
where can I get the ruler with clamps at 7:15
I need this, my phone basically lives on my table
Please don't show the welding part in the video, it may affect eyes of the viewers. If you still wanna do that, do that with some editing. Rest everything is awesome, keep it up.
AINT THERE A SINGLE PART IN THIS VIDEO WORTH DISLIKING
I subscribed and notifications on
Great. You can start over making a new table when your next wireless charger will have a different shape.
im getting a king of random vibe, anyone else?
Like I'm going to have the capability of building this, lol. Cool video bro
Is it for all phones?
wouldn't the charging speed slow down a bit as the pad is on the lower side of the table? ??
you look pretty precise and professional. worth a subscribe :)
All I can say with welding is u are doing very well just don't use plastic clamp with welding
Really love your project. Thats really creative..but i dont think glueing the wireless charger is a good idea just in case that the charger has a problem.
Wow
Mint this thing is perfect good job.
What a wonderful piece of furniture! Great job, I'd love to have such thing at home
You made a whole desk for a charger? THATS GENIUS!!!
Noice
Can you show us How to maken a Chair with Hidden Wireless Charging, so I can get Testicular cancer too on my other Ball ? thx
Nice Table !
this is how u get cancer
I don't understand how you have dislikes on your videos.
Would have been really cool if you integrated some led's and plug sockets into the desk had one cable running out to power everything
itsssss mind-boggling ??????????????
Make coolest study table
Nice video. I actually enjoyed watching it..
Touch key board inset and projected screen module inset - yet ' BRO?
That's going to take a long time and a lot of hard work, but it's worth it, it's great for parties
wont the copper affect the charging speed?
One small problem. Wireless chargers work on the principle of electromagnetic induction. The copper inlay would not be a good idea here. The eddy current induced in the copper inlay would waste energy by heating it up and slow down the charging process. Amazing project, otherwise!
Awesome work brothers really flawless
Wow! Nice job! This is pretty inspiring!
I am on a random video spree and can about this video and holy crap that was awesome! Good job and it looks amazing dude ! Definitely subscribing and now motivated to do woodwork one day ! Thank you !
Personally I wouldnt recommend grinding the weld away, you're removing alot of that filler material that helps keep the bound between the 2 metals strong. I'd use a wire wheel to clean or shine it, but not erase it completely.
Awesome
if only i could afford some cheap materials to make some wood materials!
Lol not worth it for me I have a nexus 5 with qi but im lazy (Yes, I know that this comment is horribly written.)
Dude.. Thanks for sharing with us all of your new innovations. I'm a tech freak who loves to create and use futuristic things. Your videos by the way..they're Inspiring mate.. Thanks Shon. Calgary AB
Grinder and paint for the welder I ain't
Already looks like a amazing channel so I subscribed
Nice job
Thats an cool idea damn
Eww android
Hi this was a cool idea
Nice!
When that charger gets outdated new desk or scrape that wire out hmm
I'd pay good money to get one of these made. I don't own any of these tools, nor do I have any interest in woodworking/welding, but damn is this nice. Nice work!
1:05 sat flat on my bitch
LOVED IT UGH
oomf i saw a video just like this but posted june 12. care to explain or
That is very cool dude.
Wow it really turned out beautiful man. I love the copper inlay as well
Grinding and paint makes me the welder I ain't
I thought the whole desk would charge the phone ?????????
Now all you need is a wireless charging Mouse
I love it but one question! All tha charge or energy passing through the wood can be a fire hazard???
Great job Brad! Really nice work! A little tip on welding I’ve picked up. Try to tack weld the pieces of metal first and then finish the weld. This is a video link from ILTMS that might come in handy. (https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=UCrDSdlszSU) This was his first time welding a full project and I felt that you might appreciate the tips. Great Job! Keep it up!
awww, thought you were going to run an electromagnet underneath the desk with the same electrical resonant frequency so that you could place the phone anywhere on the desk.
So if your going on vacation you need to take the table with you on the plane?
I'VE BEEN A CERTIFIED WELDER & FABRICATOR FOR SOME TIME NOW. HERE'S IS SOME VERY HELPFUL **WELDER INSIGHT** **45° miter each corner** Its a cleaner look and reducing the chance of someone INCLUDING *Children* of sticking their finger into the metal tubing and cutting their fingers. Mitering makes it waterproof from the inside. Plus, if you want a wireless desk... you can fish the wires through a mitered cut easier than a "T" jointed weld. And fasten a rubber "O" ring grommet around any exit hole for wiring... make it water tight (less chance of rusting on the inside) AND it'll also protect the power cords from rubbing on the steel tubing over time.
thats so clean and well made very nice job i deffenly subscribed!!
Me and a co-worker of mine had the same idea back in april
Can I buy this
Great video! Welding your clamps to your work is an astronaut problem, working in a vacuum there's nothing preventing two metal lattices from linking together on a molecular level, so if you leave metal tools against a metal spaceship for only a few minutes, they get "cold-fused" together.
First time seeing your videos, nice work with the table and wireless charger.
wow. nice video. Found your Channel and subscribed immediately ;) Great Content :) Hope to see more in the Future :) Greetings, Michelle from Germany ^^ ;)
I want something like this for my house. I don't have the time, or the skill to do it by myself. Where can I found a guy like this doing it for me, and how this would cost for a similar desk?
Welding tip. When you weld your things . Put only dot. Then put dot on opposite sides. And go all 4 corners. Then check if it's ok. Dots are strong enough to hold it all. But if needed, you still can move it slightly. Then flip all and repeat it all. Then you should have what you want.
I really like your straightforward way of recording and your candor. I am starting my own channel and helping my stepson with his channel. Thanks
Super idea
One welding tip from me would be to buy proper welding pants, gloves, helmet, and shoes. Because if you catch a weld on yourself, it's going to be a bad day for you.
Can you fix the bell button lol
Very cool!
Loving this idea so much! Great video! However, a suggestion from my end would be perhaps next time drill 3 medium depth holes and use 3 sized sticks to hold the wireless charger in place. That way it can completely eliminate the use of the hot glue. It also allows easy change in the event the charger were to be damaged or spoiled. As for the remaining length of wire, it can perhaps be held in place with some sort of latch? That side I'm not too sure of, but I was thinking along the line of damaged wireless charger that needs replacement and working with hot glue before it was a headache to remove them.
that was pretty bad ass
I love how you are so detailed and so humble. I wish that you prosper and your shop to be one of the biggest shops preferred with big projects
This is satisfying to watch
As a beginner welder, yours look great for being the 2nd time
I love it make me one please
When you weld always 'push' the weld, i.e. if you point the tip to the left move to the left, you get better penetration....
Never seen a man cuting wood with a gasmask LOL
Would you ever consider selling one of these desks?
I'm in love with this table!! It's gorgeous! Now for me to get my own house and then find someone who can make me one! Oh and update my phone so I can use a wireless charger. Lol Great job on this desk!!!
Sell this to ikea, i want to but it!
Desk-Pacito
the copper isnt shiny at the end :(
Perfect
Welding tips. Shorts hoodies and shirts with pockets are a no go in any welding shop, good way to start yourself on fire or get serious burns
maybe just me, but I think it would have been better to have the charger on the left hand size or at least the top while having the mouse on the right side
229 guys hate wireless charging
He need to stop using gloves. Be a real man and not use gloves
He need
I'm new to the channel...but you did an amazing job!!
What is to be done when the charger is spoiled?
I accidentally stumbled across this and I subbed immediately. Thanks for the great content
This will slow down your charging
it wood :)
????????
Glue and ducktape can fix anything
You glued the table?
Does it work with every phone?
How much just asking
Morons disliked this video
Do you sell desks like that and ship them to germany? I like this wooden masterpiece!
7:35 --> 2:51pm on your phone and 2:51pm on my Computer haha
10:03 Is that unstained part meant to be a wrist rest or something?
Bro nice job u did a really good job for your first time doing this stuff by yourself just subscribed keep it up bro!
Awesome Video and supernice table! good job
that's a great idea !!!!
beautiful!
Dope
Lov'd it, Sub'd it but i gotta ask...how come you haven't inserted 'copper tie' exactly above (on the charging spot) the usable area? It would have been even great conductor of signal too...
those equipments is nice
I'm surprised the copper insert didn't interfere with the charging?
Can i buy it? I can spend 200€ on it thats all i have
Why he censored the paint can? ?? Edit: Sponsorship
Welding tip. Once you start moving the weld forward go back into the puddle of the weld about 1/8th of an inch
Now that is future!
Very cool idea. Personally, I would have preferred a wood inlay (maybe a small lightning bolt) right over the charging spot. That way it would mark the exact spot for charging, and would be a LOT easier to sand down level with the surface of the table.
I love this desk!
respect that you didn't ask for likes and subs before the video started. you know you have interesting content so you know people would stay long enough for your "ad"
amazing i like it
The table turned out to be awesome, it's a pity that without the equipment itself this can not be done :(
am i the only one who find it so satisfying ??
Nice work and great idea for a project. Subscribing rn
subscribed!!!
Definitely the most beautiful desk I have ever seen
Sg
Alright I want that desk????
Welding tip #1 don’t wear shorts great vid tho
Airports should have these
Why dont you glue your charger underneath a normal table ?????
Makes me wish I could afford a house where I can have tools. Cheers to being poor
amazinng!!!
could the distance between the charing pad and the phone lower the charging speed dramatically?
Awesome channel man!
I will buy this off you.
Very nice build and just wondering if you can notice any difference in the way the wireless charger works? Ex slower charge or harder to position phon?¿?
who also thought he was gonna make the whole desk a wireless charger. where u can put ur phone anywhere on the desk and can charge it
great video!
They should sell that at ikea
Can i buy one of that table
Great looking desk, earned a sub forsure!
it's dope but a lot of effort :)
That tube looks a lot more like 1 1/4" x 1 1/4 x .120 (1/8th wall) not 1x1. Coming from a metal guy.
i don't have these tools.. is an axe and a swiss knife enough?
I don’t even know anything about woodwork and all, I saw this in my recommended randomly, but damn do I wanna get into woodwork now lmao
hermoso trabajo!!! simple y 100% funcional
Wait what is the copper for?
Gorgeous. Outstanding work.
That's so dope man
That was really awesome, man. Patience and elbow grease.
Put more wireless chargers in the desk so you can put your phone anywhere on the table , good job man , subscribed
Woow really beautiful. I would like to know how to build some stuff like that. When you apply the coat, the wood reveals its true beauty. Nice job
or you can just tape it under a table.
Also whatch how to buy a wireless charging phone??
Don't wear shorts while welding will get sunburnt!!!!
love the channel bro, will subscribe!!!
How to make a table
small tip if you first only tag the inner edges you can still correct the angles than tag the outsides to so you dont really have to clamp it down as hard or if something is to big it will come in hamdy some day.. you can also use a piece of copper and clamp it in with the part you are welding because it wont stick on copper ;)
Like hidden wireless charger
Aaand.. how are you going to charge the charger???
Your power tools ahhhh, I'm jealous
Nice Desk man! :)
dumb question how you gonna pull out the wireless charger incase it got broken since you hot glued it and the wire
Who actually built this?
what if the wireless charging deck becomes faulty? we have to disassemble everytime?
This is mad! Nice one
While welding you don't need to wiggle around like you did, that's what amateurs do. Just put a nice continuous bead down that symmetrically bonds both sides of the corner (If both materials are the same size) and has an acceptable thickness. The bead should look as flat as possible and not like a round object you just laid in the corner :)
Guy sounds like Chrisfix, awesome video man
Don’t burn ur hands
Wow you really deserve to have more subscribers then you do...Subscribed!
Great video (and great work too!). I always wanted to do the exact same thing. Too bad I don't own most of your equipments. Not to say a decent workshop.
Try welding in a mini circle and slightly moving down every time.
Deserved my like and subscribe
i dont even have a wireless charging phone but im still watching this
This is so cool
I would probably buy this if I saw it in a store amazing woodwork looks like a pro had made it. keep going, man
Wow just beautiful
2:00 brought them back to the b!tch or bench ???
nice job man
First time to this channel, but that desk is Bad ASS
Nice video.. love the way you explained everything and step by step... already hit the subscribed button halfway of this vid.
Just built my first desk last week. Similar top, but pine, and a floating installation in my office. I love the wireless charging addition and I’ll be doing that as soon as it arrives! Thanks again, this is an excellent video.
HA! GAAAAAYYYY
Can you make for me like this table I pay you how much you want???
wow
never subscribed faster before!!!
Oh, so all you need to do is make an entirely new desk? Easy enough.
An opinion of my own. Not saying your idea is bad. But maybe take some slightly different colored wood cut a circle 1/4" bigger than the charger and make it thin. Cut a shallow inset to place the circle in. So you can place your phone on to you know where to put it, every time no guessing.
????????????????
You are going to be an awesome YouTuber
Love that wood....great project and work mate!!
hai sir, i think, in the future, the table can use for wireless charging, for phone, maybe laptop even tv... we just use converter like harfware from phone to convert to tv, laptop.
Hey Fix This Build That I'm Starting high school in 3 weeks my courses are Construction And Mechanic Thank you For Making me Feel So Excited about building stuff watching u make this made me so hyped to go to high school hopefully i can build something just like that. <3
Instantly subscribed after watching this. Beautiful desk btw.
Anyone else thinking the phone charger/phone is positioned way to close to the edge? Nice table, I had the similar one and it's probably 20+ years old.
Awesome video
Perfect n perfectionist
Frame should have been 10-20 cm shorter than table surface for a more elegant look. A bullnosed fron edge would also look great
This is awesome
Taki this charger out of plastic, I think it would speed up charging
Dude you’re awesome ????
OMG!!!! this is the most incredible built I've ever seen. What an incredible process from start to tinish. dude you have mad skills......
Good job looks very nice. When your welding your future projects tac it together in a cross pattern such as like when your tightening your wheel onto your car, do the same with your weld beads. This helps keep it square and prevents major warping
9:35 what you came for
Really? This type of work is not for the avg Joe...
Too good nice thinking Hoping for more
Anyway,good job. but when the wireless charger needs to be fix or somehow, that will be a troublesome job
any concerns with the charger overheating the wood and being a fire hazard?
But can it do this folds table
Everything is good expect paint in yard please don't make nature dirty by paint..
Man I love that walnut. Cool idea hiding that charger too.
I saw a DIY perks video in which Matt created a laptop dock that he build into the wall. Cambining those two concepts woulod make this awesome desk even cooler. Heres the video I mentioned: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tGX34631pdk
Awesome Video what project do you recommend for a beginner
it would be so funny if the finish you put on stopped the wireless charger working through the wood due to the extra thickness
Nicly done
Make sure you hit your slag off because it will screw you up
Congratulations must be disappointing, don't stay sad.
I love it ??
You should have put the charger directly centered under a natural knot so you could have a discrete identifier
New sub, Great job!!!
This video was slick enjoyed it
Couldn’t you put copper wires that ran through out the entire underside of the desk so virtually your phone can be charged
Really really cool stuff, I love it, subscribed!!! Can’t wait to see more
That was an awesome vid. Gained another sub. Really inspired me to build rather than buy, now
I don't quite understand why you positioned the bow tie copper on the side instead of exactly above the wireless charger
Beautiful
now what happens if something goes bad with the cable and you need to replace it
I also have wireless charger embedded like this in my wooden desk. And After 2 years I can say that it's pretty much useless. Because of wood the charging is slower AND the biggest problem is the alignment..You have to always align the phone with the exact spot and when you don't phone will charge slower(3hrs+) or won't even charge. This is gonna work only when there will be drilled exact spot for the phone. (I use original samsung wireless fast charger and Galaxy S8. Before I had Galaxy S6)
If you want to get a perfect square for your welding projects, just use the magnetic square to get a decent square with your pieces, then ONLY tack your pieces together. You only need a very light tack for this part. Then proceed to measure from corner to corner in all rectangle\square areas, bending and twisting the piece to get a perfect square. If your square is perfect, you will have the same length from corner to corner on all corners. You might already know this but I didn't see you doing this in the video so I thought I would share it anyways. :)
Table looks awesome and the cherry on top is definitely the wireless charger in bedded in it! Super cool
Great table and great video, a tip one of my welding teachers gave me in highscool and set me apart from my classmates is to never cheap out on welding, you can always remove excess material but a filmsy weld goes a long way to disaster
WHO COULD EVEN DISLIKE THIS VIDEO?
??????????
your not consistent enough with your welding
Nice project and excellent work! ??
i thought the bow tie was gonna mark the spot where you put the phone to charge
New subscriber! Love the creativity!
You wack a wireless thingy under something - done. Is this a riddle? I have my wifi router inside a cabinet so it's hidden wifi. Did I make something? Do I call it hidden wifi cabinet or, should I just call it a day...
i wanna build a baby
Absolutely stunning man good job, especially the welding, takes guts to try new stuff like that! I cant find a desk to fit in my apartment so i hope to do the same, you've given me a lot to think about, subscribed! :)
This is so F'n cool!
That coppee inlay was well made!
awesome build sir
I've been thinking of doing this for at least a year now. Glad to know it works.
Fantastic work!! I’ve been wanting to do something similar with my desk but not sure how to go about it but with your video I know exactly how to go about it 10/10 earns my sub & like
Very good explained. Ich give you a very big thumb up??
That's well cool
That desk is so cool
Nice
Holy motherfvcker, you are a GENIUS!!!
I know its a little bigger projekt but it would be nice if you would build a whole sideboard. Or maybe a media-shelf with doors or drawer. Nice vid I love the desk!
you cant have a chair underneath the desk....
With your welding method you should do small circles counterclockwise if your welding from left to right , helps filling in everything and theres no stronger and weaker part of bigger lengths of welds from going faster or slower
What a great project! Thank you for sharing!
awesome
Did This to a nightstand about 6 months ago
Well done!
I love the idea and design of walnut plus metal base but how much efficiency do you lose making it charge through the wood? Can I affectively charge the iPhone in an hour or two?
SUBSCRIBED!!!
This video is really well made subbed strait away great idea and presentation as well!
How long does it take to charge from 0 to 100?
if I could choose one skill to be good at it would be woodworking, fantastic work.
Dude your neat its neat great go
Table came out GREAT!! I'm new to your channel and wanted to say that it is very much apreciated to see someone upload videos vith such a clean shop. It seems like having a dusty and dirty shop makes you a better wood worker... Keep up the good work. Cheers from Spain!!
this is what i looking for thanks dude!
Very good build ! ????
for keeping things square rather than butting them together you could've cut each at 45 degree angle, it also helps if you've got something with a real load on it, but for a project like this it probably wouldn't have made much of a difference
Could you please share the name of the glue? I would have used colored epoxy to indicate the wireless charger position. :-).Thanks for the awesome video.
I certainly have not welded a clamp to my work, But I have made the mistake of using plastic clamps on a weld piece.
Dude that was an amazing idea and which worked very well ...
Next time you're at your welding supply/metal supply, pickup some welding tabs. Unless you like wasting time making your own tabs ;)
You messed up in the end.
It's my first time in your channel in you've done a great job also in video editing.
I need to weld now.
Great job Brad! The desk looks amazing.
When you are welding make sure to do tack welds it will help with you keep your angles and stop warping
Definitely subscribing Awesome video ??
Man this is fuckin ingenious. Subscribed and hit the bell! First guy I’ve ever seen out wireless charging INSIDE a project.
Subscribed because of this vid. Wow! I never knew there's a channel with this cool build videos. Keep it up!!
Damn, that's a sexy bench
I learned to weld recently (I am by no means a pro), But here are my basic tips for learning how to weld. - Heat is your friend, learn how to use it to your advantage. - When welding tube like that, angle the majority of your heat into the solid part, not the one with the cut-off end. This will help avoid warping of the metal. -Practice, It is a feel thing, you will get better over time. - Always remember that a grinder and paint will make you the welder you ain't. Good luck!
This video made me subscribe! You did a really good job and I love walnut.
Love the craftsmanship, just so happen to pass ur channel I’m glad I went back. Outside keep doing great work, peace and blessings ???
amazing!! good work
Do you have gas when you weld?
long story short. buy a desk and do 6:20 and beyond guys lol.
This looks amazing!
Very cool, very cool
The is a beautiful piece of work.
As hot as it may be, always cover all bare skin when welding. Both because of splatter and visible, ultraviolet, and infrared light/radiation, it's so intense that it damages skin and can cause to all sorts of nasty things so quickly.
Been really looking forward to this since watching on IG. The final product looks amazing. Quick question though. I've gotten lots of feedback from different people on doing inlays. When you want that really tight fit, a lot of folks have told me to turn the chisel around. They said putting the flat on the line with the bevel facing in forces the wood grain out & that turning it around forces the wood grain in & you get a tighter fit. Anybody have any thoughts on this? I haven't gotten around to trying it yet.
Beautiful. The bow tie really added a extra touch of character ????
that inlay is sweet. turned out really nice. if this tabletop was outdoors, would you ever consider swelling/contracting of the wood around the charger and inlay?
Nice video! One tip for welding if you hadn't figured it out yet. Only use the magnets for tack welding. If you keep them on when trying to join the parent metals the molten pool can be affected by the magnets, it'll be drawn towards them and your weld will be ruined.
You - are - AWSOME !
Great stuff. Love watching videos like this. Giving me plenty of ideas for the future.
I need this omg
That is awesome! Great job on your new desk! :)
So pretty!
I don't know anything about working with wood or metal, but this is sick man
copper looks too srtaight.The symbol lightning or battery would be better
hello, can you say what tree it is?
Wow..... amazing CTRL+C hahahhaha
Awesome video and an awesome build! I admire the work in this project! You have won a new subscriber! Looking forward to your next vid:)
Gorgeous work! Love your work space, looks neat and organized!
First Video I've seen from you. It's awesome. Nothing more to say????
Simply WOW!!! Subscribed! Man, I totally enjoyed this video! And you being so humble, made this video even more likable!! Thats some solid work out there mate! Keep it up!! <3
Why is the front edge (at 10:07) not painted?
Foony
Muito top! Projeto excelente!
That desk looks amazing, defiantly subbing
Very nice looking industrial desk
I've been itching to do a wireless charging table for ages now, i just dont have the materials, and decent wood at my place is quite expensive, perhaps i should give it a go. Subbing :)
How much would it cost for someone to make this for me???
That’s prett cool
?he tools make the masseur.......
What is your phone what brand
Nice Table
great video man
5:20 wtf lol
Your amazing, gretings from poland where we have only a few chanels like this
the smell of newly planed wood... so good...
Gosh u have a lot of fancy devices... I have only screwdrivers :P
awesome project.
What cool charging solution you built into the desk... super elegant idea there. Great job on the desk too, that walnut really looks good.
this is way badass!
Beautiful work my friend, love me some walnut.
In your welding, what method are you using for laying the bead? Half-moon, circles, back and forth? Play around with different techniques. My favorite is half-moon.
That’s awesome!! 1st video and just subscribed!!
did you just stain it or did you put another on top of it
Enjoyed seeing you work. Awesome shop & video. New subscriber.
May it be tailors for scraps of threads and clothing, painters with different media, aquascapers with plants and rocks, cooks with different recipes and techniques or even carpenters with old lumber. They all recycle something old and make it into something new.
Lovely idea and I appreciate how you talked through the process of building it, making it easy to understand. The walnut looked great and the copper inlay was a really interesting way to mark the position. The only thing I think I would have done differently would be how you secured the charger in place, glueing it in could make replacing the device a little annoying in future should it break, or there's a worthwhile upgrade.
absolutely love the concealed wireless charging idea, subscribed!
Amazing piece of art
Beautiful job mate...
D O P E
Dang that's nice!
Do schools offer schooling for this kind of work?
Amazing video, subscribed!
Are there any specific books you can recommend to learn more about woodworking
What phone case is that?
I have a perfectly good desk and this video was still interesting to watch! Great job =D
That was a schweeet project!, I enjoyed watching this , I also appreciate that you shared your mistakes!.. thanks ! Great content!!
Uh, wood expansion? It looks like the mounting brackets perpendicular to the wood grain also only have a round hole for the screw. Are you living in such a stable climate?
Amazing project
just came across your channel and subbed awesome work and that welder is really cool didn't know about it now i want one
I’m no expert, but I do believe the copper will take some of the energy , that was intended for your phone, from the wireless charger. I have no idea what effects this will have on how fast your phone charges but I felt it was something I should point out.
Dude. The concept is nice. But what I was thinking as you have glued the wire, what if the charger fails, what will you do? Is it possible to make a extra thin layer of wood and cover the wire! In this way if the charging cable or the charger get some issue, you will not have any problem in removing it. I am from IT. But I like to see the ideas. And this video is a great help. Wish you all the best for the next video.
Very nice Brad.
Im a welder by trade in Canada, and your welding seems pretty good. The hardest part of MIG welding is setting the machine, and since you have that 210mp it isn't too much of a problem since it does that close enough witch materiel thickness and wire. Only thing I would say is up the voltage for the interior corners of the frame to wet the metal in better and prevent cold lapping. Great project just subbed. ??
Next time build a metal bracket u shaped to hold the charging unit in place, for serviceing repairing or replacing when 4x speed charging comes out in a decade or so, cause that desk will last way longer than the charger.
Great content !
Great video... better than any TV show anywhere.
Don’t weld on concrete! Heat from the arc can cause water in the concrete to turn to steam and explode the concrete.
the desk looked amazing! nice work dude.
my #1 welding tip is to not use mig as a beginner. you will never learn to weld with that. and also welding square tubing is not really some beginner project, the radius corners are slightly more difficult to weld than just a simple fillet or buttweld. thicker material is generally speaking easier to stick together, just because you are not that likely to blow holes in it. in the end, welding is about practise, you need to do it for a really long time to get expirienced in doing it. its not like most woodworking stuff where you can clearly see whats going on and most of the time, you have enough wiggle room to work something out. thats not the case with welding, if you mess it up, its very very hard to correct, in fact most of the time its just not possible and you have to grind it off and do it again. long story short: dont use mig, weld as much as you can, get yourself some scrapmetal and try to just do straight beads on it... if you can do a straight bead of constant dimensions, think about fusing two pieces together. dont start at step 7 if you cant do steps 1-6
Awesome video! I think personally I would've used a wooden inlay directly over the wireless charger if it was possible. That would have been a more intuitive way to remember where the charger is.
Hey since you are new to welding I suggest, that you check out the correct sequence of welding to prevent distortion when welding a miter joint. You will see that you can weld a joint without even clamping it down and remain square. And to avoid working on the floor just use sawhorses and put some long steel tubing on each side and you got a perfect solution(space and cost saving)
if you making a weld, when you move to the richt carefuly move up and down (about max 3mm) to make a stronger bond.
Great job on your first inlay man...thanks for sharing
cool cool cool
Dude i have bean trying to make a desk and i found your video and i loved the walnut desk you made it looks amazing i think i will use walnut for mine ohhh and the finish.
I really liked the polished look of the copper bowtie. It would've been nice if you went ahead and re-polished the copper working with higher grit wet sand paper and moving to copper polish.
Guys any more welding tips. I’m interested.
WHAT FELL AT 9:54??
What an amazing idea man! Now I`m reorganizing my bedroom and the wireless charging desk it's great! Thanks!
Nice project, just one tip, I wouldn’t use your vacuum while welding There’s no real need for it, no mess like when dealing with wood But the downside is it may suck the gas in and away from the work area which is meant to be shielding your weld and stopping any flaws and imperfections in your welds
How much did the whole project cost?
Brad, that channel promo was so silky smooth I had to unsubscribe and resubscribe. I love your stuff my man; We have such similar tastes, hopefully one day I can bring my skill level and shop up to your level and work my way through your catalog.
My welding advice would be to take that welder back, save a pile of money and grab a run of the mill stick welder. It will be harder to learn but it didn't even look like you were using shielding gas, so there will be way more room to get better. You'll take more pride in your work and you''ll have more fun. If you're heart set on that machine I would pick up a tank of argon. With gas you wont need to get better. The welder will do all the work for you. That machine can also TIG. Give that a try. It's difficult but it's the preferred method by basically all in the field for a reason. I don't think that machine does AC though, so don't expect to be TIG welding aluminum.
Just subscribed and I’m building the desk tomorrow thx
Gorgeous. I love how clean and simple it looks, because it really highlights how solid and beautifully built it is. That copper inlay is the perfect finishing touch.
REalllyy clean
Awesome build! That hidden charger is so slick.
Wow, one of the few channels that has tech, simple, good looking products. Subbed and noti on??
Outstanding job on this desk. I have never tried welding and with the huge mess I have in my garage, (which doubles as my woodworking shop) I don't have room to add anything else. I"m luck can move around my garage as it is. I keep thinking of ways to make room, which never seems to come to fruition..
Great Job, My Respects.
great work...i do think a less permanent way to install the charger might have been more ideal...as tech tends to change or burn out pretty easily these days...
absolutely amazing job man...
everything is top notch and inspiring....nice and clean finish with the unique metal inlay.....only critisism is the hot glue for the charger...no way to repair the unit in case of problems
Hey man, using walnut, and mixing in tech... you got my subscription. Not to mention very nice work, informative and entertaining! Thanks for a cool project!
That was an amazing project you did. Might give it a crack myself. Thanks for the idea.
I would put the wire direkt into the wall! Look much better!
Brad awesome desk I really like how the cooper looks against the walnut. Can you tell me what sander you have and dust collection you have for it. Thanks
Beautiful wood! Great build!
I LOVE the table! It turned out awesome!
Brad!!!! This is amazing! I can't wait to do metal work again one day, I've only done it with "supervision" hehe. The charging idea is top notch. This is going on my to do list!! Amazing work bud
Looks great. Glad to see you expanding your arsenal.
Another great project!
Really Cool idea.. Great job
do you use flux core while welding or gas?
Wear jeans when welding
Great build! That Walnut looks awesome!
Great job Brad. I've been following your progress on IG for a while. It's nice to see how you did it all. Now i want this desk to shoot all my Youtube Tech reviews on! :)
I love the build Brad, really well done! Beautiful wood, great techniques, cool features – really a fun project. Also couldn't help but notice the camera angles and shots. They told the story well, and really highlighted what you were doing.
That looks awesome man! You might be able to remove the coil from the wireless charger. That way there is less material for the electromagnetic field to be absorbed by, and more energy going to the phone, which will make the charging more efficient.
I would be careful welding on concrete. It will heat up and start exploding. Yea, it doesnt feel good on exposed arms
Beautiful desk. I wish I'd have watched it sooner though. I built a lamp yesterday, and now today I learn that "I'm a goon" and I should've glued below my wire. Thanks for the education!
Looks great. I just got a phone with wireless charging so I really want to do a cool build like this.
Nice table design and great execution. Do you get much snipe with that Rigid planer? My little Wen snipes like crazy no matter how light of a pass I take or how I set up the in and outfeed wings.
Simple and well crafted. Looks good, man!
The inlay looks really nice, but for those who don't have a nice metal option to insert there, seems like a shape (X, circle, lightning bolt, whatever) with a different shade of finish would be a nice, easy solution.
Great video Brad! Looks awesome. Gotta make a wooden mallet so you can use that instead of a hammer and block!
This looks awesome Brad! Nice job. ??
That walnut is beautiful. I love the wireless charging too. definitely keeping that in mind for future projects. Great video
May want to take some of the screws out of one edge maybe the sides holding the top. Alternatively elongate the holes in the metal tab to allow for movement. Otherwise expansion and contraction may wreck your beautiful desk. Thanks for the video.
We've just found our channel today and we loved it! For sure it's gonna be a good source of information for us when we start building the interior of our shipping container house! ??
What are you going to do about wood movement with those screws going directly into the tabletop?
Wow. That’s awesome brad. I really like the design and hidden charging station.
As an iPhone user I have to know, how does this work? I’ve stuck objects between my phone and it’s wireless charger but it doesn’t charge.
Great and inspiring work, I'm gonna build one soon ????
Great job Brad. Love the desk.
Looks so great Brad!! Love that idea to use the inlay as an indicator for the charger
Cool table. What type of laptop is that? Just interested.
You just made me want to make a desk! Although I don't have the tools nor the skills to make the base! I suppose that I would just make that out of wood too. Oh yeah, and you got a new subscriber! Great job on the table and really nice video.
How do you know there are no bugs left in the wood?
Excellent video! You explain everything so clearly. Also not hiding the mistakes. Well done Brad!
Amazing as always Brad! (Fergs_wood_decor)
Great video, Brad. That top looks awesome! One question, what fume extractor are you using and does it work well? Okay, that was two questions.
felicitaciones x la idea y x el buen trabajo realizado. Gracias!.
Love the desk, Brad! I've been working on a desk lamp that includes a wireless charging pad, but I wasn't sure how practical it would be. This shows me that it is certainly doable! Looking forward to more videos.
Came out looking really nice Brad! I love the contrast between the copper and walnut and the wireless charging blows my mind - curious if it the distance from the phone affects the speed of charging?
This came out super nice. LOVE the walnut. Great work.
Great work Brad!
Awesome build buddy
Excellent build Brad and the Copper inlay shows up really well once the Finish went on. Barry (ENG)
The walnut is BEAUTIFUL! Thanks Brad.
The biggest thing I gathered from this video, is that I need a vacuum assistant, one with nice legs :). Just kidding Brad. Very cool project, that walnut, copper and steel combo is KILLER!
Looks great!
When welding a tube that creates essentially sealed ends, drill a small hole in the bottom to allow venting inside the tube.
Did you steal your kids sidewalk chalk to mark the boards? That's genius if you did! LOL!
Extreme beautiful table... congratulations for your job!
I didn't think the wireless will work due to wood thickness. I wonder what thickness will make it "not charging". The finishing was amazing, just beautiful.
Love this project! Beautiful desk!
Beautiful work!
Very creative imbedding the charger, I like it!  Another great video Brad
I’m a Seabee in the navy and I’m trying to get more into artisan carpentry and this page has saved my life. 11/10
Looks great Brad! Nice metal work!
Well done.
That Emerson tool AIO looks really useful. I wish I had one when I made my cabinet. If you get a genius affiliate link so I can buy in the UK I'd get it through you.
Awesome build Brad! I really like the wireless charging idea and how you used the bow tie as a reference feature. Well done. Keep it up!
you should have drilled a small hole under the inlay from behind to bleed out the excess epoxy,so that it would fit flush to the surface and eliminate the excess sanding.Just a small thought
Good luck with the move and hope all goes well!
Looks awesome! And I loved the circular saw dust collector! ????
Duuude... Congrats. Awesome! ??
Good ideal.??
I’m liking that wife dust collection mount for the circular saw, I need to get one of those ?? Turned out awesome man, really like this.
This video is so good, subscribed
Amazing and very clean work, my hat off to you. Blessings.
That is an awesome desk. Love the wireless charging and the bow tie came out great.
Great job. Love the idea of the built in charger.
that looks awesome
I've had embedded wireless charging on my radar ever since I think I saw Johnny Brooke talk about it a few months ago. That's a cool idea! That is a gorgeous table!
You are one of my inspirations my friend! This desk and that charging station are king
I am in process of using very similar construction to make tables for my wife's "hobby hut". When the video goes up you may want to watch, cause I will be showing a different corner joint for the metal, and an idea for fastening to the metal with potential wood movement in mind.
Always a challenge when you incorporate whatever is the "latest" technology idea into a project (ie wireless charging). Risk is that the technology changes - and is meaningless in a few years. I know! still have a beautiful hard maple desk that was made with a continuously fed dot matrix printer in mind (circa 1985). :-)
How do I give video more that one thumbs up??
Nice job.....another enjoyable video. Well done.
Great build.
This desk is awesome! Did you happen to build a second one simultaneously... ya know, for a friend?
Such a great build! I especially like the charging. Way to keep learning new skills!
Fantastic build!??
The best congratulations ???????? like like 10 mister
Awesome work Brad. Great design and style
Nice build Brad!
Just yesterday I was thinking on how to hide my wireless charger! Thanks for the inspiration!!
That came out amazing. Nice job Brad!
One of your best Brad!
Sleek looking desk Brad! ?? Phenomenal job! ????
Nice job Brad! The built in wireless charging is sweet, and so is the copper dutchman!
Check out weldingtipsandtricks channel
Beautiful table & I really like the hidden wireless charger. The copper bowtie is a nice touch. Only thing I'd do would be to polish bowtie up after sanding flush then epoxy.
Don't glue in the wire. Those thin (crap) wires will eventually stop working and will need to be replaced.
Judgement in, looks good. Love the Walnut top.
I was listening to the Made For Profit podcast episode in which you mentioned this desk (particularly the welding) while building cabinet doors for a customer's kitchen remodel project, so I was excited to receive the notification for this post after work. Man, you did an awesome job on every part of that desk. Welding and painting the frame. Milling and joining the top. The final finish. The wireless charging and bowtie accent. This all looks killer! I'm sure that you're going to love working at a piece of art that you designed and created.
That charging spot is crazy. I might try that on my desk that I built a few months ago. Thanks!
Beautiful! The copper butterfly key looks like it was meant to go there. Nice ????
Que buena idea, felicitaciones bro
Thank you! Your video has inspired me to expand my woodworking and dive into metalworking but that mig welder is a bit expensive for entry level. any other recommendations?
Welding can become easier if you use more of a wrist movement instead of an arm movement and doing a weld going down in a vertical position can produce better welds to ??. Hope that helps
Very nice! I like the hidden charger. Thanks for sharing.
Good work. The copper hourglass was a great addition!
Nice.
Whoever’s YouTube account that is, why are they not already subscribed to Crafted Workshop?
I like the fact that you don't pretend to be a perfect man and show us the little mistakes (must of people don't do it). Great idea I enjoy watching your work thanks for sharing!
The walnut and metal combo looks amazing and is an awesome build. Adding an inlay and hidden wireless charging? SO cool!!
Such an amazing table. Love the design and the finish
This guy is a God
Excellent job, I will copy you the idea Brad! Maby i will try with a plastic circle instead the silicone for have the option to remove the charger.
Dope Build! Been wanting to do something similar, but with a wider area for charging under the desk. Wireless charging isn't far enough along yet to along for like a 12' zone of charging versus a tiny little ring you have to be so precise on. Maybe in the future. Great work though. Love that metal inlay.
This is the first video I have seen about doing something like this, and I'm so glad to see a video about incorporating tech into the project! Nice touch on the copper marker
Love the copper/walnut combo. Killer!
Why would you need to hide this?!
So B.A. Brad! Love it!
love the wireless charging function :D great vid as always !
Looks great, a desk is on my list for my new home office and I like this one. I just need to learn how to weld now
As usual, I truly enjoyed your video. Love the charger and bowtie. I could see recessing one more of them (for the lady of the house - happy life - then there's the kids...) and maybe putting a recessed power strip on the back?
Great build Brad!
Brad this looks amazing! Congrats!
That charger trick would work great on end tables! Very nicely done, Brad!
awesome build Brad that charger idea was real smart. thanks for sharing.
Great looking desk! Really love the brass inlay, gives it just the right amount of character.
Very nice.
????
That’s very nice, great job. Love the creativity!
Great build! ?? The desk looks great!
Another great video Brad, keep them coming !!
Awesome work my friend
Really nice job. That walnut is gorgeous. And the finish going on... I enjoyed that.
Simple beauty, yet attractive and functional. Thank you!
Amazing work man!!
Impressive work, congratulations.
I dont know the distance you have from the phone to charger, but it should be as thin as possible. The closer you can get the charger to the phone, the stronger the charge current can get to the phone. So perhaps route the bottom to be at most 1/16" thick from the surface and place a 1/2" dia black plastic disc, sanded flush to surface to indicate the center of charger would give maximum charge current to phone. Magnetic radiation from charger follows the inverse square law, meaning each time you double the distance from charger to phone, you half the amount of charger current. Love your channel.
Just beautiful. absolutely astonishing.
Awesome build really cool idea
?????? nicely done!! been wanting to do that in my coffee table
Awesome looking table and love the bowtie!
Love the copper inlay. Great job
Loved this! I'll try something similar ????
That is a beautiful piece! Where do you buy your steel from?
This is so cool! Awesome video as always, Brad! ????????????
Jeez dude! Now I need to get a welder! Beautiful job!
Great project and great video too.
I love the desk and the hidden wireless charging. Excellent idea. Walnut looks so good, not very accessible for me though at the moment, but one day.
Awesome project Brad, love the way that walnut looks under that finish. Where do you source your wood from? I’m in Tennessee as well, Nashville area
Thank you, gonna fix my office room and want to make my own desk and gonna try something similar to this :) how did you figure out the distance beetween the charger and phone would be?
Awesome table Brad. Love that walnut too. I'm going to try that charger inlay on my next build.
I've wondered what you were going to make with those walnut boards since I first started watching your channel like a year ago :D
It turned out great!
First!! Sorry Brad I had to.....
WOW! that is a lot of bees!
camera man john's eyes at 8:57
Use a Geneva mechnism
Totly wasted the time
i have that t-shirt, i got it from kohls
Part 2?
It’s sad to see how much he lost
That's a crazy pattern generator though
VIDEO RUINED I HAD A TIC TOCK ADD
"Nya" is Japanese for Meow
That's a nice house he's in lol
I NEED THIS MOVIE
I'd like to see a part two with a "new and improved" iteration...
Hey, for version 2, I suggest you cut out garbage bag plastic to go over the disk. it will block out ALL light
Your bees show sounds like something from rick and morty
that can't beee in there 0:38
thats a lotta bees
Does he clean his house once in a while???? :p
You can get that cereal box paperboard from Costco they don't mind if you just pull out the sheet in between the toilet paper stacks and take it home Don't ask me how I know
Please tell me I can see that bee documentary in full somewhere
So Cool!  I have been promising myself to get into this N.B.T.V. hobby but so far no time.  I think I would go with a drum monitor instead of a disk for the bigger picture.  Hey dig the idea of the FLOWDAC a digital computer that computes with air , patent 3190554 . https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5qgxsJp8MZk&t=699s  Move the slider to about 10:00 something and nice lady Fran explains all.   Patent 672256, 3013505 .
Imagine the minds that came up with this tech on their own from scratch! Crazy
bee-utiful
0:32 that's a lot of damage
10/10 would science fair again
You need a t shirt that says that’s a lot of bees
THATS A LOT OF BEEEEES
You sound so much like peanutbuttergamer!
zzzzzzzzz “Maybe we shouldn’t push it that hard” ..... BRRRRRZZZRRZRZRZRRRZZRZR
I need a shirt boi #savetheshirtless
Y is everyone focused on the bees
Is your BEEEEEEEEES documentary for sale
"WoW, Thats alota bees!" -"that is alot of bees."
he's like the older counterpart to micale reeves
What a fucking serial killer to have a cord going across a walkway like that, only serial killers do that.
WOW! THATS ALOT OF BEESWOW! THATS ALOT OF BEESWOW! THATS ALOT OF BEESWOW! THATS ALOT OF BEESWOW! THATS ALOT OF BEESWOW! THATS ALOT OF BEESWOW! THATS ALOT OF BEESWOW! THATS ALOT OF BEESWOW! THATS ALOT OF BEESWOW! THATS ALOT OF BEESWOW! THATS ALOT OF BEESWOW! THATS ALOT OF BEESWOW! THATS ALOT OF BEESWOW! THATS ALOT OF BEESWOW! THATS ALOT OF BEESWOW! THATS ALOT OF BEESWOW! THATS ALOT OF BEESWOW! THATS ALOT OF BEES
William Osman marking something that took normal humans years and here’s using plywood
Bro I could have just given you a TV
Did this man really use a laser to cut cardstock ?
beeeeees
Could someone explain me why there are bees in his tv?
i’m new to watching his stuff what’s with him and bees he adds stuff about bees in a lot of videos
Gg
I want a shirt that would be so cool
I kind of love William's earlier videos, like this one.. They're more focused than the newer stuff.
tHeREs A bEE?!!
Nintendo Labo
I want a full video of "Wow that's a lot of bees!", please make it happen.
is this where his bee obsession started?
My 8-year old after 1 minute of this: "I don't want to science." 
This video is smarter than the lasts ones.
where to cat shirt?
Maybe I got lucky but mine worked perfect on the first try
You kinda look like Aaron paul
Can we just watch more of the bees
okay, wrong video to say this on, but this man deserves more attention. he has great and entertaining ideas but it is limited by resources, especially after his house burnt down and he lives in a mobile home. He feels guilty about all the attention he's been given, but I want to see this man get funding and do awesome things. I think you deserve more attention, Will.
That's a Lot of Bees is my favorite show
Mystical hair shortening halfway through the vid
That's a lotta damage!
Pray for that crt
Happily watching William Osman videos instead of studying for my electronics exam coming up
I need this t-shirt in my life. Where do I get one?!?!
Pssst Osman, psst saa diyom Osbik
Is “Wow That’s a Lot of Bees!” from interdimensional cable perhaps?
I love it when he explains shit and I have no idea what's he is saying
Many beees
Part 2?
that bee thing looked like an ad from interdimensional cable
We need the full vision of wow that's a lot of bees
You’re like Jesse from Breaking Bad’s smart brother.
can i have some tattoos please ?
I would love to see a new iteration of this if you get the chance
Rip crt
Please do the version 2 already, I loved this.
Byeet
Spray paint?
wouldn't a ridged disk work better?
Just bee-utifull
dude your so talented you deserve more money and better stuff
Should have used spray paint you dingus haha
I watched 40 seconds of this at 4 am and I don't feel sleepy anymore...
Wait, theres a beeeeeee?????????? Actually where is part 2
I don't need all the extra information I just want to know if I can watch R rated movies on it?
I need the full “WOW! That’s a lot of bees!” Series to be put on Netflix right now.
make a machine that make pickles slice themselves
I came back to see tge house again
Nice
Maybe camera man John put those bees in the tv
A speedrunner could've bought that tv
My mom has the same cat shirt in the beginning
dude.. you took 4 days to paint the wheels black?? Did you hear about spraypaint? :DDD
We need this again, this was sick
Hay James
2:09 I'm Gloria Borger and you are watching PewNews
does it play melee though?
Version 2 pls? :3
5:14
Can you just release Wow that's a lot of bees as a standalone video lol
William, are you a MUSLIM? You and I share the same last name, but I've never known a white person with that last name. Not trying to sound racist at all, just interested.
He looks a lot like Aaron Paul
Can we talk about all of those bees tho?
R I P house
Do a v2 in 2018 now
Awesome. 3:16 why the Howtobasic.
I don't know if it existed then, but you could've used vantablack.
holy shit yes, love mechanical tvs
Haircut at 7:04
That poor crttv ;-;
That crt
I NEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEED B EEEEE shirt
I've "discovered" your channel lately and have been watching your videos uploaded around the time your house burned down (sad face implied). I even subscribed... But then I saw this one and remembered I've seen and enjoyed it already. Why didn't I subscribe back then? Weird...
Rip CRT
I'm glad I subscribed to interdimensional cable.
Aww, that TV didn't get to burn down with your house. Damn bees!
Now he doesn't have anything YEET
Holy shit that's a lot of bees!
I know I'm a year late, but thanks Will's new neighbors!
"Maybe we shouldn't push it that hard." VWRHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRR
Coming back at ya with another one of them block rockin bees...
the image of William in the plastic is actually really cool and arty
Make a toilet that when you flush it, it just sprays it all back out, but is just for the those hot days, or if another bad fire happens it can be an extinguisher.
were there actually that many bees in there
It's been a year Osman! make a part 2!
You dumb bitch. Just because you dye something black doesn’t mean less light will go through it. How about painting the fucking disk in a metallic paint that actually WILL block light you dumb bitch. Dumb fucking bitch.
don't throw or break crt tvs beause if u break open the tube toxic mercury gas and chemicals will come out
The second he said "lets use a brushless motor" I knew it was a squirrel cage and he was gonna burn it out!
Toast cat shirt :D is mah favourite. My cat hates toast ??
FREEEEEE SHIT!!!
W O W T H A T S A L O T O F B E E S
I'm so happy even though knuckles could not find the way anywhere else than in our hearts (R.I.P knuckles 2013-2018)
Someone needs to hook this man up to justin roiland
B E E S
All the retro video gamers are crying over the loss of another CRT.... I LOVE IT!!!! It was a lot of bees.
Why would you break the tv it was bee powered that is normal the bees power the tv
It's always cool to learn your favorite YouTubers like the same stuff you do. I didn't know anybody else watches "That's A Lot of Bees", but it's really a quality show.
I didnt get any of this. Still enjoyed it tho
Making an old-timey tv with modern technology.
4:08
Wow I didn’t know he had inter-dimensional cable
I want more WOW! thats a lot of bees. Now pls
Meh..."WOW! That's A Lot Of Bees!" totally jumped the shark two seasons ago.
Did you go to Uni to do any of this or are you just risking everything?
The mechanical tv was too noisy, thats why it failed. Like yours.
Thanks to you, I thought I had bees in my parents tv and did the same thing you did. Except i couldnt lift the counsole tv over my head, so I put my foot through it. My dad threw me out. He wont talk to me now.
Still waiting on iteration 2
All your shirts are awesome
5:15 there was an accident.
maybee it's time for a Mk 2?
LAZER TIME! PEW PEW PEW PEW pew pew
How I watch William Osman Videos: William: The way this mechanical Television will work Me :I... William: ITS LAZER TIME Me: MUFUCKIN LAAZUUUUUUUURSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSS WOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOH!!!!!!
*Horrible splintery mess* "That looks good." <3
3:56 I have the same adapter!! I use it for my Helios 44-2. Super dank lens. Try it out if you get the chance!
Legend says that TV was defeated by william
The narrator of “Wow! That’s a Lot of Bees” sounds like Mr.Poopy Butthole.
Guys did you here they are making a remake of Wow That's A Lot Of Bees!
Should have just used some black plastic or painted it, hindsight is 20/20 though
This dude gets the Justin Roiland brand of humour.
Do part 2!
that intro makes me believe you live in some rick and morty universe
WOW! (That's a lot of bees...)
stick the sharpie up your pooper!
That was the day the CRTV television died
why didn't you just spay paint the disc ?
Was there ever a 2.0 version of this?
William is my spirit animal
Wouldn't synchronisation be easier if the camera disc and the TV disc were the same size?
I don't understand how any of this works
every melee player cries rn
please upload a full episode of thats a lot of bees
Everything in thats alot of bees sounds like it's from interdimensional cable
The curvature is off because of the disk diameter difference.
wow willy i love you im rluyy drunk tho
He never got to v2
I've watched this 9 times
1:00 what’s the song
Is that the Brea Dam?... In Fullerton?
I need to see bees, a lot of them, in EVERY EPISODE!!
“I gotta fart” fart
dick fart
you would be a great teacher, you could just show them some of your vids.
I hope your nice neighbours are okay since the fire!
WELCOME BACK TO, THAT'S A LOT OF BEES!
What in the fuck you’re a genious!
2:56 gulp
I feel bad about the fire mmmaaaannn
This is my favorite video on youtube.
the tv seen better days
gas springs on the hood for your laser cutter are mounted upside down :( (the cylinder body should be facing up, not piston rod up)
Is your house uhhhh beter dont know is that the right word uhh can you rebuild it or something
So black spray paint was less available than fountain ink reservoir?
its interesting how the popularity of the mechanical TV has resurged in the last couple of years. I guess there are others out there that are interested in the same thing at the same time
I just noticed there’s a freaking Aperture Science logo on his PC.
What is that bee thing from?
This was frustrating to watch
he's one of those dudes that play around a lot but are literal geniuses
Can you try melting a gallium by lazer
While I was watching the bee intro a bee went into my ear.
that first wheel looked like an orange
wait was there really bees
I don't know why but 0:37 gets me every time
0:37 Don't you just hate it when that happens
Can i get the full series of "WOW! That is a lot of bees"?P.S That os a lot of bees!!!
Its sad watching this
Why hello there, I have a new haircut ??????
Man I love your videos! They're keeping me sane right now
Me watching his videos: Wut? Umm... English please?
You should revisit this project
Can i watch porn on it
Your house will on forever on youtube
Does anybody else just want to clean his home?
Hollup he just threw a TV onto a gas line.
Glad you trashed that old CRT, one less thing to catch on fire.
Very sexy
You sound like a character on rick and morty during the bee show
Lol 2:52 ??
Dibs on this guy when the world goes to shit. Y'all will be in the stone age while I'm playing Doom on a mechanical TV...
maybe you will have better luck with a mirror...
Im actually in love with you. Wow.
Your bee voice sounds exactly like mr.meeseeks!!!
You should just buy a TV with less bees in it next time. XD Well done, by the way, sometimes a project might not yield a super satisfying conclusion, but at least you learned a lot, and got to practice lots of creative engineering. :)
Your just asking for a paper cut
"Hey where do you want me to put these knives?" Me: Just put it 'nyah'.
Get the parts from the Narrow-bandwidth Television Association club on line. or buy a MUTR televisor kit.easy to build.
WOAH NOE NOT THE BEEES NOT THE BEEES AAAAHHHHHHHHHHHHHH O NOE MY EYEEES MY EYEEES
What channel do I find the Bee show?
i own that cat tee shirt
Rick and Morty who?
Lmao i thought it was me for a second but them im like dude this is like my second video here XD
You should do a wow that's alot of bees episode with Justin Roiland
"why is everything such a struggle" -William Osman 2017 that has to be my favourite quote of all time
7:20 reminds me of watching the Spice channel back in the 90’s.
Hellow pipel of eart build mi a rc UFO that can drive and fly
Make a robot that has a laser that ignites fireworks that looks like a cat
Anyone else not really understand what he is doing but still enjoy it
Your house is a mess! LOL
Will it would be a whole lot more simple if you bought a new tv
Is it retina?
RIP old tv april18 2017
that’s a lot of bees
Hi william do you now my name is wilhelm in german in english means william
Philo T. Farnsworth is turning in his grave
MAKE VERSION 2 YOU BITCH
make V2!
This might be the most entertaining channel on YouTube.
When the lady pops up, "Wow, that's a HUGE bee!"
Please do a working versio of this!
Great build! now put an (passive) IR sensor in place of the photo transistor and a UV sensor and... if you are really smart (and a lot more work) a WIFI antenna in the aperture. Then you can see your room lit up by radio waves. That is a challenge :-D
Say hi and thanks to that neighbor for me
When are we getting terrible TV 2.0?
Now that you have looked at mechanical things, you can now look at my nature videos! Everyone, please watch my little nature videos. There is no talking in them. Shhh!
I honestly subscribed just because of the intro
No joke, I had that tv at the beginning that he broke when I was like 9, btw I’m 12
Ahhh yes, my grandpapa told me of these tvs from the early 20th century that used microchips, wiring, and circuit boards
I gotta fart ??
were you to trying and show off to the ladies
This mofo just make a tv? Lol. Golden!!!
OH NO NOT THE BEES! NOT THE BEES! AUGHHHHH! AUGHHHHHHHHH!
This bee show should be on interdimensional tv
It's so crazy how back that this mechanical tv was the only way, and now we just have this super magical device that we watch videos from now.
Cgi
I want a shirt that’s says “Wow! That’s a LOT of Bees!”
crt lives matter
He is actually pretty smart
can i get a free t-shirt if i live in canada?
R u poor
Why does that “that’s a lot of bess” remind me of “ants in my eyes Johnson” from rick and morty ??
Ayo Will I'm looking at creating a movie length feature of "that's a lot of bees" contact me for info I need you to clear this for copyright etc (dw im messin, but please make that)
Man hurry up on mark 2
Where has this channel been all my life
please make part 2!!!
I have the exact same shirt. ??
Why so little subs
were thoughts bees real XD
I have the shirt you're wearing in this one :)
This channel is awesome, teach me your ways!
4:08 HE'S A NEKO
How did you get inter-dimensional cable?
randomly pick me for a shirt! ??
Make a Babbage Engine out of different kinds of fruit
7:05 boom hair cut~~~~!!!!!!
Omg please finish it i was waiting for this one
You Should make a lightsaber
“Maybe we shouldn’t push it that hard” pushes it harder
try 3d printing parts with a 3d printer the laser is not the best option
Hey William can you revisit this project, I think it would be cool to see what you can do now.
wow where is the v2? :(
Black poster board would have been a good idea lol
in a world where black spraypaint doesn't exist...
“Bee orgy” - William Osman 2017
When is version two out!?!!
Wow those bees
This man is brilliant but has he never heard of paint??
you must be a gamer
Did the bees you freed make more shirts?
Wtf do you do with all this knowledge?
please what CAD software do you use? :)
Laser cut a wearable Nicholas Cage mask... With a lot of bees
Osman what do you do as a person besides making videos. You seem very smart so I'm wondering what you do as a career/what you studied in college or university.
Your partner must have amazing patience
I like your new neighbors.
The sad part is there isn't a lot of bees.
I wish this video had more cows
make a machine that does nothing useful at all!
love jour nyaaaah
I think the government bought William's filmmaker thing here, studied its mechanics, built a tape recorder from the same materials William used, and filmed all of their space recordings with it.
https://i.imgur.com/EeAV0R3.jpg
Whats the Original of "wow thats a Lot of Bees"??? I need to know
I like ur Vids senpai"3
"William Osman creates headphones" "William Osman creates a Disney Film" "William Osman lands on the moon"
Wait, how did you get those bees into the TV?
hia
U did better than ben heck
This is impossible for me to comprehend wtf
Interested to see how v2 pans out.
I am very stupid so I like smart people to do things for me
My beard has a beard crush on your beard.
WTF WHY DID YOU KILL A CRT WE NEED THOSE!!! Kill a shitty LCD screen instead ;_;
plz put download link for WOW! that is a lot of bees!
Use that 'holoclock' design to make a small monitor that plays tetris using THREE L.E.Ds (rgb)
WOW, THAT'S A LOT OF BEEEES
Awe cool !! I had no idea someone invented a mechanical television. Is that ever neat ! Dude , those bees coming outta your TV when you smashed it looked pretty real. Was it CG or did that actually happen ?
Solid works > inventor
This is really cool.
Yay for Williams's new neighbors! ??
DUDE I HAVE THAT SAME SHIRT
What's this!? A delightful family picnic strictly lacking in BEES!? More BEES should put a stop to this!!!
All of these parts look like hungry frog emojis.
This is amazing :D
0:37 totes real bees
You became my favourite channel within 2 hours of me finding you
You should totally do a better v2
He has a laser, about 3 computers, and wood and other supplies. Yet he doesn't have a TV
not quite like yours, could be the root problem though, try foil or mylar tape for light blocking https://youtu.be/RdYHljZi7ys
Make a second version
Look at that bee it hungry
That TV you broke had a considerable amount of lead in it. Hopefully you cleaned it up.
How does one even get that many bees in a tv????????
omg william u watch thats a lot of bees too ?!
This idea may have already been posted, but I don't know, also I am completely lost when it comes to this level of genius, but here goes nothing. Since the wheels are different sizes but are using the same motor, wouldn't that cause the larger disc to rotate a little slower? Since it has a larger surface area? In my eyes this could possibly fix the improper alignment issue, but probably not. Also if you're reading this William I love your content!!
I would like somebody to diy his studio and make it organized
fav yutuber
anyone notice the haircut he got?
You promised the toaster full of bees was the last bee joke!
MAKE IT SO THE LAZER MAKES LAZER SOUNDS!!!!!!!! THUMB UP!!!!!!!!!
Work on Gen 2!!!! :D
Is that an Aperture logo on the PC Tower?
I'm literally so in love with you.
WOW! THAT'S A LOT OF BEES
were those bees real?
We need the video wow that's a lot of bees
Thank god for the laser cutter because I don't think William is very good with scissors
Wow that's a lot of bees sounds like something from Rick and Morty
8:43 couldve just covered the holes and just drill new ones
Man William, your channel is an amazing combination of ridiculous nonsensical comedy and incredibly high-level engineering intelligence and skill. Carry on!
Wat?
HOW CAN YOU WORK IN THERE
What's your home screen on your computer??!
cool i got highlighted
Not sure if you're smart or a complete moron, I'm getting mixed feelings
you sir are comically brilliant
Why don't you try to make this out of wood or metal?
Wow, dude. Why do you have your own 2D CNC? Is that cheaper than a 3D one these days (a.k.a. 3D printer)?
?????? WOW Thati a lot of BEEs!!! ??????
Ok, i need to build lasers, and cutting tables now.
So, you can watch a 1000fps video on a mechanical TV in real time, as long as the disk spins fast enough? Sounds like the future to me.
Instead of having the camera focus light from the lens onto the sensor directly, you could have it focus onto a piece of transparent paper, with the light sensor behind it.
This guys work ethic...
Cuz sry paint doesnt exist
This is hilarious he is idioticly smart!
have you ever started a project thinking it would take a week and then two weeks later
i gotta fart ?? these videos are great
Am I really the only one who noticed that he got a haircut mid-video? Probably took him weeks to build this.
I subed
Fun fact: I have apiphobia! I had an anxiety attack 30 seconds into this video! Woo, fun times.
DO ANOTHER ITERATION SENPAIIIII
O H N O N O T T H E B E E S !
BUIOD A _IANO
ive always wanted to see a working mechanical TV
The "wow that's a lot of bees!" Skit seems entirely inspired by Justin roilands improv skits
What if will is filled with bees? Conspiracy!
Why does he....nya
Amazing videos??
Make a plane
You were going to make a tv, so why a camera? Wouldn't it be more legit if you only made the tv and a circuit that decodes a real tv signal so it could be shown on your mechanical tv?
Damn u cute doe
I have that same shirt
I'm confused why you didn't just use black spray paint.
i like bee humor
All the way to 0:45 I was laughing so hard ??
pssst... black acrylic paint
The bees make the video perfect
Who doesn't actually get a single thing? Just me? Ok...
2:56 nice butt ??????
It's like Justin Roiland and the director of The Office decided to re-boot Mythbusters.
You should try making a hurdy-gurdy.
This guy is a genius and equally hilarious?? Easy subscription
This is quickly becoming one of my favourite YouTube channels
Bee
build a projector
This is awesome, you should build rev 2!!!
No one's wondering why he lost a lot of hair during this vid??
Where can I buy a shirt :D
i dong understand... how does the light from the mechanical camera gets to the image
Good guy nieghbor
When is part 2
I really eager to clean up your room
XD
We have the same last name! Pretty cool
10/10 intro
i gotta fart
Subbed ????
3:50 looks like q screaming frog
a lot of bees
V2 !!!!!!!!!!!
"You need to pay me for shipping" XD
put your finger in the laser
I think the funniest part is he took so long to build this he got a haircut between build days lol
i would never watch that tv i need TECHNOLOGY
he's adorable
WOW THATS ALOT OF BEES
This channel is like a mix of codys lab and official duck studios xD
BEEESSSS
Make a laser cutter style contraption to make art (spray paint or brush or something)?
how do you not have more subs. you put humor creativity and "education" all together
I bet this things cost a fourtune when they were new.
I have a girlfriend who loves cats that's all you need to know
The editing on this channels videos is second to none.
That bees thing though. I love it. Please send me the link to the video so I can watch the full episode of "WOAH! THAT'S A LOT OF BEES!"
"I'll take a pound of bees." "THAT'S A LOT OF BEES!!"
I HAVE THAT SHIRT AND I WEAR IT TO BED EVERY NIGHT
Ya like jazz?
You showed those bees
Damn, clean your desk m8
yes
make a Stirling engine out of random shit
like is you dont really understand the tech-y part of these videos but still watch them anyways
I love your editing
Poor CRT.
MY GOD. IT'S FULL OF BEES
Make the worlds largest penis
That's how you end it? with a fail? lame. You should have just waited until you made a working one to release a video. Still, If you think about how a CRT tv works those are more amazing than these, in my opinion. To make a single beam move that fast and accurately using analog electronics is one hell of an amazing feat if you ask me.
VERSION 2!!!
whats up with the bees wtf
Wow That's a lot of Bees! Needs to be a feature length film
what is that Wow! THat's A Lot Of Bees from? I swear i have seen it before stumbling upon this channel today and its bugging me cuz I can't find anything about it lmao
Omg, my dad has that same shirt!!!
DI-WHY ONE WHEEL!
can you make guacamole with a paper shredder?
These videos both crack me up and intrigue me. Keep them up. Do you even have a cat?
Boi cut his hair mid vid without warning XD
pretty good. good job!
wow this guy is smart asf!
can we get a link to tht "wow thats a lot of bees" video?
RC car
When Jesse from Breaking Bad puts all his energy in science instead of meth cooking
Of the 225,205 views this video has received, mine was the most recent.
"WHY ARE THERE SO MANY BEES" - Peanut butter gamer - 2014 I think
you could be perfect for a rick and morty episode
How come i only just found this channel ?
He got a haircut mid video bro he dont give a fuck
Why do you like Dr. Breen from HL2?
I made a transmitting mechanical camera
Where do you get your awesome shirts?!
WAOW, DASS A LOT A BEEEEEEZZZZ.
Please do a beginners guide to laser cutting and buying/building your own laser cutter!
this guy deserves more subs
Why would you destroy such ancient tech like that?0.0
this guy looks like jesse pinkman if he graduated high school
only god knows why he didn't just spray paint it
I wanna be like you when I'm old enough to have this much time
Build a tiny laser cut dancing stick man thing
I want a tee shirt! make a shot gun beer robot!
DECEARING EGG PREPARATION OF EGG!!!
And I thought Grant Thompson was the king of random!
Your videos make me question reality. In a good way.
I don't know if this will work but I made this gif for you https://my.mixtape.moe/bxcpkn.gif
you should make a working gun/cannon of sorts...idk tbh I'm very non creative lol but these videos are awesome, keep up the good work
#SaveTheBees
the part where the tv is just slidding made me spit out my drink
@William Osman how did you learn to do all this stuff? any book refs? ??
i feel like that was a rick and morty sketch
dam he's so fit
"mechanical". Has electronics. probably uses film. yeah. okay
As an executive producer on "Holy! That is a ton of Wasps!" and "Woah! That is a menagerie of Hornets!" I can officially support the claim that yes, that is a lot of bees.
"a ream of 200"
Give me that broken TV for parts
Rick how many bees are there? A lot of bees morty
Is that a normal flat screen monitor inside the old tube tv shell at the end bee part?
Do a second one
That hairCUT really threw me off.
You guys need to do some voice overs or something xD
I really like your videos will. You care about your videos and it shows. I hope you get millions of followers.
guy is lacking a simple saw, yet he have a FUCKING LASER
Why not just a projector in a box?
well mechanical tv easy . camera nope Germans used 35mm to project the image to mechanical tv transmitted to tube television.
I'm Mr Beeseeks look at Bees!
NOOOOOOOOOOO Not The Bees
i don't understand shit of all the explaining he does but i just love his videos, he just fucking created a tv himself lol well kinda,
Hey Will, what is the name of the bee video? Also make a windshield wipers frisbee thrower thing
The host of "Wow! That's a lot of Bees!" 's voice sounds like a Justin Roiland character
nyaw
That music is so distracting if you know who Rob Ferretti is (it's his outtro song).
wow that's a lot of bees. (wait a minute) breaks the tv and theres actually bees
NO THE POOR CRT AHHHH
As someone who owns that exact shirt, I have to ask; how many people have asked you " Hey is that you're cat?" I'm up to about 15 or so, and I wish I was lucky enough that, that was my precious kitty
Aluminum foil works great for blocking light.
those are only like at least 20 bees step up ur bee game
make a guitar?
you deserve more subs and views i hope you have a good job and get alot of money
hm... which software are you using at @6:09? Looks like a hantek gui but i had a lot of problems with different versions...
+William Osman do you have any designs for your laser as really like the look of yours? would u be able to email dxf files for laser plates?
build a blender with a fidget spinner holding the blades
Those CRT tv's contain lead so be careful.
This dude would be the worst/funnest roommate
Its a complicated mirror
subscribing because your content is good. TO CLARIFY:it's because of the aperture computer case
kids In Africa could have ate that TV, oh wait it will arrive on a large barge along with a lot of other broken stuff.
Bees!
I'd watch "That's a Lot of Bees!"
IM SO EXITED IM NOT THE ONLY ONE WITH THAT CAT SHIRT
yeah but do you have a bee tee?
The commitment of wearing the same shirt for two weeks is appreciated.
i once thought my project was going to take two to three weeks but now it's taking me over three months because i can't get a stupid motor to turn! I'm getting so frustrated because that's the only thing that isn't working.
yes but why the fuck would you break a display full of mercury in a water spillway
build a wooden table saw and test it out
congrats you have a subscriber, you made science fun
why did bees come out of that microwave
Black. PAINT.
can i buy a CD of "WOW! Thats a lot of bees!
Build a super advanced broom
William if you dont send me something I will be forced to turn you in to the authorities due to littering with t.v. pieces
tell me that's fake
6:47 apature science from portal? (logo on computer)
this channel deserves more subs
this is amazing
you're like a calm non screaming version of colin furze
Do you have any use for a small motor?
This video is so interesting!!!!!
Wow thats alot of bees????????
not to be rude my friend told me that hes gay is that true
Well then I guess I'm not getting a tee shirt I live in canada
where do you get the cat shirts?
I have that same shirt
your smart and retarded at the same time
Can you please upload that "that's a lot of bees" video. It had me laughing my ass off ??
Nyaah
Saw this video, saw TV destruction. Instant sub.
How much acid do you consume before deciding which cat shirt to wear?
Keeps shirt the same for continuity, gets a haircut...
You probably shouldn't go pushing CRT TVs down ramps. If the tube breaks, it will implode with bomb-like force.
I really need a shirt pleeeeeeaseeeee
2:56 He must be a golfer with 2 balls down getting an Eagle in the hole.
i have no clue what you're saying but it looks cool af
BEESBEESBEES.COM
i'll buy the bee show
again? I've seen it before...
please send a link to thats a lot of bees
Some of this guys inspiration may come from rick and morty, just saying...
That's a nice TV... but can you play video games on it?
I don't get what the point of this is.
Build a 3d Printer
That's cool how I saw on the pumpkin video BennyJ2K when he originally said he had the motors.
Nya
Guam is part of the U.S.
put a alkili metal and water in a coke bottle and try to make like a grenade out of it
Not the bees! NOT THE BEES!!!!
I'm not sadistic but I just met this guy and I want to punch him, because I like him. I am so confused.
what song is this 2:24
can u test the power of your lazer cutter using a solor panel or a light meter?
Not the only way or the simplest way. It was far from simple. Those machines were complicated, noisy, and huge.
Make another episode for further tinkering with the tv.
i think if you skip making the camera and just use a digital image on a computer and have the brightness values of the pixels transmitted through the audio jack, and feed that into the LED intensity, you could get it working.?
You are what makes YouTube great!
why not black paint...
Please make 2.0
I approve this comment
If this turns out to not even be a TV but a t-scope instead, I’m going to be pissed.
Petition for making "Wow! That's a lot of bees" into a real thing ??
2:56 Dat ass doe
I need to date an engineer.
Nice video
Meow
Is this a rotoscope?
Jessy Pickman appears
Now, make a HD one.
lazer cat
The WOW! that is a lot of bees! show sounds like Justin Roland narration!
Best PC Case ever.
Soo many bees!! I want a cat t shirt to protect me!
Did you get a haircut half way through?
WOW! THAT'S A LOT OF BEES! Is my favorite anime.
I had to sub within the first ten seconds, bee-cause of the TV show
mk2
Well, you got further than Ben Heck did. :P
Please do a video on shortwave radio, and spies! Make your own transmitter!
Your videos keep me up at night they are so interesting.
I don't live in the USA, So don't bother given me a T-shirt... Was kinda looking forward to seeing it work
That was amazing lol I love your videos
Question for @William Osman: What if, instead of flipping the viewer wheel, you made it spin in the other direction? I feel like that would work, and it would deal with the problem of the bending problem
sharpies aren't black enough, should be using something like a faber castell black ink pen.
William is my spirit animal
This guy diserves a lot of subscribers. You can tell he is putting a lot of work into his videos.
he has a small house
It's a shame they cancelled "Wow, That's A Lot of Bees!" Its spinoff "Huh, That's a Surprisingly Reasonable Amount of Bees." doesn't really capture the feel of the original.
Neooa
Do iteration two please!
I would watch "Wow That's A lot Of Bees!."
you should light uo your whole house with lightbulds powerd by computers fans (concept ac current) adding magnets on the fan blades and adding one to spin the oppisite disptrudting enough eletricy to the buld but the buld has to be a led type and figure the rest please.....and conect all the bulds so to one switch so you dont have to use your dc current free light ;) i suggest 10 fans and 10 lights maybe more sorry for my spelling lol fucken bees
What did that CRT TV ever do to you? You could have played Duck Hunt on that if you had an NES and light Zapper.
2:55 T H I C C
hi
NEEYAAAA !!!
HA! you're in Albuquerque!!
" I gotta fart "
It's not mechanical if you use a motor and an electronic circuit board.
THE BEEEEEEEEEZ
I want a pilot episode of "WOW, That's a lot of bees"!
Do a V2 that ditches the camera and just uses a photo sensor to read the rotational speed and map a regular video signal onto it. Or translate a digital video. That way you can watch "wow that's a lot of bees" on it.
luv this channel
lazer cut too many bees
Nyaaah
my girlfriend would love your shirts
More people need to know about this channel
wow thats alot of cats peripd
oh cool thats a lot of cat t shirrr=rrr=rrrts
aww man
is this show on netflix?
Took me a minute to recognize you, Jesse Pinkman.
Children in Africa could have eaten that tv Yes I'll go kill myself
I want part 2 now
american jack whitehall
why I dind't discover this channel before? Well, better later than never, I suppose!
how does a tinkerer not have a can of black spray paint handy?
You look like Arron Paul...kinda (Jesse pinkman)
Philo Farnsworth and Charles Francis Jenkins made the tv perfectly with the technology of their time. now that we have advanced technology shouldn't it suppose to be better?
neyahh
this is gonna go right... mnaw
Omergod there's a bee
I don't miss the Myth Busters anymore. Thank you.
Why did you get a haircut midway through the video
NOT THE BEEEEEEEEES
Dafuq is up with that bee meme? (Im new to the channel)
well there is a reason why mechanical tvs never tokoff :3
what a cool neighbor you have!
Sharpie juice... ow ouch my sharpie ouchie ow
This man. I want to be best friends with this man.
Love your videos cat
are your neighbors really nice? They seem really nice.
Tv is history
you're like the what used to be the king of random...
XDDDD bees
How bout orBEES?
Has anyone else been binge watching the episodes? No... just me
hahhahaah you're so fun!
will you make a part 2
at 105 the content cop theme is playing
Pls where is the "wow that's a lot of bees" video?? Really don't know why but must see a full vid of in tho
"Maybe we shouldn't push it that hard" P U S H E S I T T W I C E A S H A R D I love that guy
I wanna see the bees on a shirt
#dvsnsrock
That's a lot of n?u?t?s? bees!
i have that same shirt and this makes me happy
I hate to be that guy, but wouldn't it have been easier to buy black cardstock? Or is that a terrible idea to put in a laser cutter?
Hi
Oh man, I've been wanting to build a mechanical TV for ages!
I like your videos. Keep doing what the fuck you're doing! Thanks.
there was a bee hive IN YOUR TV?
ive never heard so many nyuhs in my life
I've been watching you for a few days now, but I'm confused you have some proper tools, like CAD systems, and a laser cutter, but you use the worst building materials, like cereal boxes and low grade plywood. Why not use better particle boards, or materials where we don't have to watch you break the material several times and remake it. If you are going to build complex objects using sophisticated tools, save us the frusteration of watching you cobble it together with garbage. Maybe thats the show gimmick, but a slight upgrade of your materials would really help.
Wtf is with the bees?
that poor crt, you could have used it to play melee
Kind of like a complex zoetrope.
Draco Malfoy, what are you doing out of character?
No but seriously, can we make a petition to netflix to turn "WOW THATS A LOT OF BEES!" into an actual fuckin show? Voiced by Will? Please?
please do version 2!
Rick and Marty is best oooooo and see if a laser can cut through gallium
IT'S LAZER TIMEEEE
episode where hair continuity doesn't matter. love it!
What's wrong with black mount board? ?? it's easy to get hold of!
Why dosent your channel have more subs? your channel is very good!
This is going to go, NYAA Nyaa~
WHAT ARE YOU DOING ON TV!?!?!? GO OUTSIDE IT'S SO BEAUTIFUL!!!! AAAAHHHHHHHH!!!!!!!!!
Do a hanglider for Redbulls Flutagg or start your own competition
The narrator for Wow! That's a lot of bees! sounds like a Justin Roiland character
Please make a V2 of this project soon, it's really cool.
when i see the glowing thing in the background of the laser it looks like you guys are smoking somthing like crack
where is the "wow that's alot of bees" thing from? any stand alone video for that???
He's surprisingly sexy
i dont understand how you could dislike someting like this ?
Can we have the real footage of the bees so we can make a 10hours version of it ?
how...how does this have such few views... this guy designed and built a mechanical tv from scratch...
many things going on
What's with all the bees?
0:42 THERE WERE BEES LIVING IN YOUR TV? HOW
please upload "WOW That's a lot of BEEs!!!" I want to watch it.
BEE careful Doc you don't wanna get STUNG by lightning
need this wow thats a lot of bees clip
You definitely should do another iteration!!!
I reallt want to watch "wow thats alot of bees" now
ever heard of black paint
3:16 this just turned into a HowToBasic video
I got re-notified of this. It must Bee Bee-cause it's awesome. Prolly.d
Dude we have like all of the same shirts
Do iteration 2. Improve design.
Just found your channel. Your videos are literally the best things I've ever seen.
if i was your neighbor i would of waited for you to figure out that your saw wouldn't work to cut that huge piece of wood.
We need that bee show on the TV.
i love bees
I want an episode of wow thats a lot of bees
I love that your neighbors are like heck no we need to help this poor engineer
Where can I find the Bee video? And gr8 video as always!
I have the same shirt!
Would the bending have anything to do with the delay between image seen and image presented? Changing with the positioning of the holes according the the roundness of the disk?
This is probably an unpopular opinion, but I think that's NOT ENOUGH bees. Unrelated: Did you break off the chunk of solar panel yourself, and when you say the photoresister wasn't responsive in low light, do you mean you literally saw no response at all?
Check out my build... https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=n-HaRZFvikA
will the next attempt have a sequel to "wow that's a lot of bees?"
test
It took me a few years to make a mechanical camera....my success ended up being using a photo multiplier tube ...not so much that but because i had to use one it led me to the reason my other direct light ones failed ......you need to enclose your camera in a light proof box do not let one photon from out side get in ....it will be noise that will wipe out whats coming from the lens ...have a look at the nbtv forum harry dalek ...on off topic ...there in construction builds is my project a stand alone camera ...its still in bits on my bench to many projects that take my time up ...but work it does
lol you always have cartons of bud light. How much bud light do you drink on a daily basis?
You're a genius.
What I took away from this video: MAN THAT'S A LOT OF BEES!
Who do I need to pay to get a 30 minute proper episode of "That's a lot of bees"? :O
when you cut matching interlacing pieces, how much clearance do you need to keep to ensure it slides together? is it just line for line?? i see your using solidworks, do you have to put your models in a drawing and then save out as a dxf to send to your laser? have i missed a video that answers all this....?? thanks!
goddamn that's an interesting project. that you got as far as you did is astounding. i can't wait for version 2!
Just had a thought that I'm sure you've already had: Would it work well at all to have used your friend Engelbert Humperdinck as the spinning platters? Or would the records have weighed too much to get them to spin at the speeds you'd need? I'd imagine that a solid black record would be better at blocking out light than paper dyed black. That is, unless vinyl doesn't like to be laser cut, I suppose. Also slight apologies for putting so many comments on your videos all the time. I just really like your style and I end up thinking about how one might improve upon the stuff you do pretty often.
William Osman: Bee Hunter.
you should give me the shirt for social akwardness
Holy shit this is such a cool project! Just found your channel via Cooking With Babbish (dude has god taste) and you got just a sub for life!
Catapult that launches itself?
Can you make windscreen wipers for glasses so I can see when I cycle in the rain?
make a puzzle
Can you laser engrave various candy?
I have the same name as you
Hey William! I just discovered your channel and have watched just about everything you've published at this point. Lovin' it, man; keep it up and you'll have a huge channel in no time. That said, I've seen you complain a couple times about the loudness of your air compressor. I have one just like it and it is louder than hell. The next one I get, and what I'd suggest to you as well, is one made by California Air Tools. I've used one at a friend's shop and it is just so much quieter. I have no affiliation with them, but I know good gear when I see it. Might make your laser cutting lifestyle a bit more bearable. Keep on kicking ass with these videos, man!
You should make a miniature microwave that is the size of a single microwave burrito.
Brilliant! I love it!
Hey bro can you "cut" an egg with the laser? It may get a bit messy though :p. It would be interesting to also cut a mushroom being they can't be burnt. :D
Wow that's really cool! I made one that still isn't working properly and it took me 5 years!
Aaaand now I've watched all the videos... :(
could you make something like a rose engine with a laser cutter?
Yet another amazing project! ("Not the bees!")
I subscribed the moment tethered was "wow! That is a lot of bees!" Was on the tv
Totally enjoyed your video and love the look of your mechanical TV setup. I personally have made a few mechanical disc TVs and a mechanical camera in my time, I can totally relate to a 1 week project turning into a few to several weeks, happens to me all the time lol. Anyhow I successfully made a mechanical camera/TV unit using a single LP record as a disc and I drilled 1.5 spirals of holes into the disc, the resolution was 32 lines NBTV standard, there's 48 holes in the disc and how it works is you have hole 1 on the camera side picking up the light and hole 17 displaying the light at the same time, then hole 2 pickup hole 18 receive, hole 3 pickup hole 19 receive and so on till you get to hole 32 pickup and hole 48 receive and then start over again, and so you can pickup and display pictures on the one disc. My mechanical camera/TV project can be seen here http://www.taswegian.com/NBTV/forum/viewtopic.php?f=1&t=1588 and my vlogs can be seen on my channel and here's a recording of my camera/TV displaying live pictures https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZY9mwXC--ro . Anothering to mention too, make your holes much smaller as that will vastly improve the detail of your images, or alternatively use lens beads for your discs as the light will be pin pointed to the centre of the beads and be a sharp line rather than a soft thick line.
I love your content and I always wonder why you only upload every so often. Then I remember, duh, these projects take a hell of a lot of time. Good luck with version 2!
next you should build a bee
I have matte black spraypaint I've used to make pinhole cameras.... a little bit better than rit dye I think
Hello, I was wondering if you could visit my YouTube page and rate my two songs, I wanted you opinion because you my favorite YouTuber and I want to be like you.
Actually, this wasn't a bad attempt for a first iteration, it always looks easier than it really is, and your "discovery" that a camera is MUCH harder than the monitor is spot on. Nonetheless you showed the basic concepts of a mechanical TV really well. 1) the apertures are way too large for a true picture, for disks of this size they should be of the order of 1mm - you could go with something the size you have if you fill them with optical quality acrylic balls that act as lenses - which is faithful, to a degree, to the first television prototypes that used glass lenses. These "balls" are readily available in the US and quite cheap. The light source could then be just a single LED. 2) The easiest way to construct a camera/monitor system is to have the disks ate either end of an axle driven by a single motor. Alternatively, you can just continue the aperture spiral another half turn and have the camera the left side of the disk and the monitor on the right.
is this 'mechanical' TV the result of a mechanical engineering degree? is there some way of adding mechanical touch so that you could make a mechanical phone or tablet?
I feel like a cotton candy machine might be just complicated and stupid enough for you to be able to make...
I feel like "wow that's a lot of bees" belongs on Rick and morty
Will... can I call you Will? Will, I think you could solve your arc-length and alignment problems in software. Actually, I think you could even solve any brightness problems as well (caused by direct vs indirect light hitting your sensor). Now that I think of it, better software could even help you solve the "not randomly picking me for free stuff giveaways" problem. And don't listen to anyone that says you can't control a mechanical TV with digital circuitry. They're clearly just jealous of your hair dresser, objectively speaking.
How'd you learn all of this? It seems like you know a lot... but just not enough. :D
Tremendous work! Thanks for a great video
The way you say "here" like Eric Cartman always gets me
love the content. keep it up
Are you going to make a video on your laser cutter? I don't know if it would be cost efficient to build my own so I am wondering how many watts your laser is, and how much it costs. It looks like it has a hoge cutting space which seems like it would be very useful. Thanks!
Yeah he's sleeping now he's so cute!!!!
Pretty ok Sam throwing up though right now ??
Zoom jokes are best jokes, also nice t-shirt.
i want a tv full of bees if i do get one i won't "bee"live it
how's life William
Wow that mechanical tv is really bad! ps this is Caelan
Hay, William. You should solder some basic electronics kit with your laser. like this: https://youtu.be/KnyB9btlhS8
?????? ?? ?????? ?????? ??????? ? ??? ??? ?????? :))
try to lazer cut a fidget spinner like if you agree
I'm so angry to youtube for not giving me notifications (it should) when you upload. But it's always nice to find out that there's a new vid that i haven't seen yet.
Could you laser cut / cook eggs and make 3D patterns depending on where and how much you heat the shells?
Can you please laser your hands
Hi Will, Your videos are the highlight of my life. thank you.
This is the comment that will be a winner of a giveaway (I'm sure the website will pick this )
CAN LASERS MAKE CAT FIGURES?
OH BEEhave
cool project! looove it!
could you make me a prosthetic finger tip? I'm not kidding. I live in Canada and I would pay for shipping (and materials). I can send you pics and measurements of my amputated finger.
You should try and design a remote control lawnmower. I'm not a very smart person so it's probably not easily do-able and that's okay
I want to see a wow that's a lot of bees tshirts.
Could you try 3d printing metal by melting metal powder with the laser cutter?
You're equal parts genius and moron. It's fantastic.
What are the chances of winning a "WOW! That's a lot of BEEs!" shirt? Asking for a friend
'This one goes h'mya' Cartman is the best.
Even though it didn't really work, the problems you ran into with curvature are actually a really neat way of visualizing how a lot of modern cameras capture an image. They generally draw the image field by field, one after the other. This is why there's lots of footage out there of airplane propellers appearing to curve, because the camera draws the image in those fields. In the first field a blade might be in the 12o'clock position, and in the next field it might be in the 3o'clock position. The end result is this eerie sort of curvature. Your issues are 100% related to synchronization. I'm sure you've seen footage of fast moving rotational objects, like helicopter blades or the tires on a car or bicycle. If you match the shutter rate and framerate with the rotations per second of the object, you will capture what appears to be an unmoving object. It's a really really really similar concept to the stroboscope. In fact it's basically the exact same thing. From what I've seen of functional mechanical TVs, they all seem to operate much much slower than what you've been running yours at. The images appear to be sub 10FPS, which in the context of rotational motion is an incredible difference in speed. That could also have contributed to the lack of proper synchronization. I'm sure you'll figure this out in the future if you ever decide to revisit it. Cool project.
PLEASE SPONSOR WILLIAM OSMAN YOUTUBE
would you make an optical mouse that looks like an animalian mouse?
Build a music thingy: https://www.facebook.com/theculturetrip/videos/1350656261624074/
Laser cut a laser cutter
I've got one for ya, something I've always wanted to do.. Bounce some micro/radiowaves off the moon.. How cool would that be?
Can you make more episodes of WOW That's a lot of bees?
Release "wow that's a lot of bees" on VHS
Try making a r/c airboat out of your neighbors trash
We went from Ham Vin Diesel to this?! That's quite the jump. Amazing video. Bravo!!
what about laser cutting mr.poopy butthole from rick and morty and use bacon as the material for a bust.
Please don't pick me for a giveaway:: I'm just happy i found this channel.
Finally you're back!!!!
the Wow! that's a lot of bees™ feels like it would be on a tv in Rick and Morty
"That's a lot of Bees" sounds like it comes from interdementional television. It's fantastic.
Way too many bees...
If you need to make cardboard black use spray paint. Works well.
Can you 3D-print metal with your laser?
0:33 really disturbed me
I demand a full 1-hour documentary of WOW! thats a lot of BEES!!!
Bad scientist, can't even make a mechanical tv smh
waste of 10 minutes, imho. (god knows how much time you wasted doing this.)
You're too intelligent for what you do. keep up
Ever think about becoming an evil scientist? I think a cat-themed lab coat would be baller
Nice bees.
I love this channel.
laser a tattoo on a raw bit of pork then your self
This video became by favorite at exactly 2:57 ????
beez are gay. wasps for da win!!!
I had an idea but since I'm too lazy to start I'm gonna suggest it to you: you know nixie tubes? i wanted to cheaply replicate the appearance of one with optic fiber digits lit in orange or thin sheets of acrylic with drawn digits and the lights below them...
i really hope you will try this again. It is a super interesting project
Beeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeees
The editing is gold. Fuckin hilarious
I wish there was a way to invest in a YouTube channel... I would invest money in this channel cause I know it's gonna blow up
I left a banana in my trashcan. So now my room smells like banana. This is a good thing because: 1. It smells like banana. 2. I can catch a monkey to wear the shirt I win.
Your channel is criminally unsubscribed
Who knew so many BEES could be inside a TV?!
Another hysterical video William! Good call on not using brushless lol overkill for sure.
How did you get those bees in your TV
You should redo the glass but purify the sands
> have you ever had one of those project you thought was going to take a week, then two weeks later .... Are we the same person?
I'll give you one million bees for a T-shirt
Holy fuck that intro made me cry
make a conveyor belt that helps convey new ideas
So good I watched it twice. This channel is gold.
Bees
Pleeeezz
Ples give me shirt
Make some kind of instrument. You could probably get a pretty decent ukulele with the laser cutter and some veneer, or make some other weird instrument. Obviously you'd end the video by playing Wonderwall.
also cite of cameraman john is expired! it is not working
thats awsome. never fails only one who do nothing
Make a mechanical watch
We love watching your channel, it makes us happy that we can watch all the things we would never EVER try on the laser be so brilliantly presented by you! .... but totally going to make some shirts now.... with 50% more nipple coverage...
William Osman, please oh please make a laser cut Zelda BOTW Guardian Sword. You are uniquely qualified for such a project after your excellent Dr Strange contraption.
Make a functional spongebob watch!
Dang it, I wanted one of those shirts. They look AMAZING
how many bees is way too many bees?
Look at my grades, wow! That's a lot of B's! (They were d's. Don't tell my mom.)
try building a working flying drone???
Hi will I like your videos You should make a janky ukulele or acoustic guitar I'd play it
\Do you have a Patreon account? This might be the one channel I'd donate to!
Hi bud
lasercut a lasercutter
Will you build me my musical instrument? I've been asking for the past 5 videos :(
You've quickly became my favorite YouTuber ha
I fully appreciate the 1 second drone(?) shot at 9:31. Love your attention to detail.
William Osman....MeEt Me!! William Fournier. get it? same first name
WHEN R U GONNA MAKE AN ENCLOSURE FOR YOUR LASER CUTTER WILL
I Found the bees!
Would it have been easier to just print 2-3 disks and glue them together to block more light, or was weight of the disks a concern? Great video by the way, I'm sure you learned a ton on this one!
I was hoping to see the finished device working at least well enough to be able to make out a semblance of the recorded image. Could you improve the mechanical camera? I look forward to see a part 2 of this! As a side note, some years back I thought up a concept for a mechanical video camera - it would be made of a row of photosensors on a spinning disk. The TV would be a row of LEDs on a spinning disk. I never actually made it, because other things came up. It would be an interesting project, and I expect it would be pretty easy to make. If you'd like to try making it, I think it would also make for an interesting video :)
you deserve WAY more subs
Make a 3d clear acrylic model of you and/or a cat
I fucking loved that intro. Lol. You're hilarious.
"Wow That's a lot of bees" is my favorite show! I'm glad someone else appreciates it!
I swear I feel like William is making crazy things so if he makes something really badass he'll become a billionaire
I love you vids and comedy, and I also love your shirts
first off, are you a bulldog or a cougar, second off, can you try and make your own superconductors?
Give me a t-shirt you commie :) just kidding i love you :)
Best intro yet
I feel I'm just watching a man descend into madness
Project request: build a robot that cooks a meal and serves it up on a plate at the push of a button. As a minimum requirement, the meal must contain at least 5 different ingredients and John has to eat it.
A lot of bees huh.
That's a lot of bees! needs to be its own series.
Is "Wow that's a lot of bees" a real tv show? If so I really want to watch it. If not I really want to watch all the footage that you have.
Laser cut a laser
music in the back ground is annoying.
sharpen your laser
I gotta get me one of them tee shirts, like meow. Just go ahead and send me one. I'm not kitten. Do it.
dank
You promised no more bees. You lied to me :(
is wow that's a lot of bees on Netflix?
Hey William! You should build a mechanical music box or you should build a type writer.
Laser cut glass
YASSS WILLIAM
as an aspiring young engineer, your channel has quickly grown to become one of my favorites. Keep on making cool shit!
Build some electrostatic loud speakers next !
Could the laser cutter cut out a smaller laser cutter, which then gets to cut a smaller one and repeated until the laser cutter is too tiny to be able to cut a smaller cutter?
I would love to see a part two.
Will you beeee awesome and send me a shirt?!
Build a wooden Chainmail chest piece? not sure how it'd work, but you could totally put a cat on it. Your videos rock! always a pleasure
Great content
I have a lot of free time now, since I've watched all the videos on your channel. I'd like to attempt to make my own mechanical TV. However, I don't own a laser cutter. Do you think I use some poster board and kitchen scissors?
What channel is "That's a Lot of Bees!" on?
OMG!, it's full of.... BEES!! :)
Make a computer mouse in the shape of a cat
This is great
Why does the bees show seem like it belongs on rick and morty? ??
Were you sponsored by American Eagle, 2:57 lol
I had never heard of mechanical tv.. Thats fucking cool... Hope you do part 2
I still need my breakfast contraption.. Im hungry
Woo! Hell Yeah! That's a lot of bees! William Osman delivered!!!!!!!! ??????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????
Cameraman John have my babies!
william do you have a job?
You could write the next Rick and morty tv show episode
bees are everywhere
I really love this, you are one of my favorite youtubers.
your videos are the best, they are funny entertaining and also educational
Wow, That's a lot of Bees! THE SERIES!
Slay me
Respect for following through even though it was painful. It was very interesting to see you troubleshooting it.
What CAD software does he use?
I think the real reason you can't send the shirts abroad is because bees are technically livestock and that's hard to get through US customs.
William, how can I prove my love for you?
Bee is love bee is life
2:52 "I gotta fart" farts
Every time you upload a new video I am eating a burrito.
For the record: When William called me (7:52) I was in the bathroom.
What channel is "wow that's a lot of bees" on?! I MUST KNOW
Love the bee show!
Where can I actually find this bees show?
10:34 nice bee roll
I actually don't think that was a lot of bees. ¯\__(?)__/¯
You are actually pretty inteligente and creative, why are you not working on nasa?
throwing a CRT off of a ramp? did you know that you are suicidal?
can you release the "wow that's a lot of bees" on its own video?
Make a table then stand on it
I like me some bees
Please make a video of "WOW That's a lot of BEEs!!!"
Why not. Make the rotors out of wood or heck even metal. You might could find a local fab shop that if you supply the material and cad they'll just charge the table time.
Can you do a laser cut longboard??
can i have a copy of wow! thats a lot of bees!
That really is a lot of bees
i hope you took out the flyback transformer to make a arc speaker.
you're incredibly smart, what college did you go to ?
Make a helicopter attack bee made out of bologna (must be BAR-S brand)
Where can I find the video with the bees? :3
Got anymore o dem shirts?
That bee show reminds me of something that'd be on interdemensional Tv
you should cut a pizza
Im very disapointed that my amazing pun didnt get picked, i think this comment picker is broken. I demand a revote. Also could you build something that attempts to fly? Like maybe a mechanical flying thing, like, a bird, or like, a butterfly?
i want a tee shirt
Have you built a pinhole camera yet? Similar concept, way more low tech.
who else wants a full episode of WOW that's a lot of bees!
'WOW! That's a Lot of Bees!' Brought to you by Justin Roiland
Where do you get your cat shirts? Particularly the one in this video?
hi
How many rpm does your TV have? That's a sentence I never thought I'd ask.
Build a chair that you can't possibly sit on.
Badass, I am stoked that you did this. Looking forward to version 2.
Will you look like a grown up Morty from Rick and Morty
This is fantastic. Keep going!
That mini orgasm you get when a new video is posted.
The reason it isnt working is because theres no bees in it like the one you smashed. Thats the secret to any television.
hELLO William OSman, u Are a very handsome man. Thx u for your time.
Was that justin roiland in your tv?
I want this documentary :D please make it a full episode just of that xD
I don't like things... I liked all your things.
You should maybe get a 3D printer to go with the laser. Versatility never hurt anyone. :D
I love your vids they are always awesome I look forward too all your vids ^^/ ??
This is honestly one of my favorite channels.
someone pplleeeease link the bee video...
Dammit, I don't live in the US and A. But you could make a laser cut t-shirt out of wood or cardboard, get the draft online and I'll cut it myself!
Can you release the entire "Wow! Thats a lot of Bees" video?
Hey Will, since bees are such a mainstay joke on your channel you should laser cut a beekeeping hive to raise awareness for the dwindling honeybee population. You could even make a few and give them away to promote people across the country to help our bee population! More hives would certainly help keep the swarms out of your electronics....
I'M JUST HERE SO I DON'T GET FINED
WELCOME BACK TO WOW THATS A LOT OF BEES LMAOOO IM DYING
Can we get a full episode of WOW That's a Lot of Bee's?
I want to know what was going on in your neighbor's head when you said "I have a piece of wood that I can't lasser table saw"
can you get a laser hair cut? You may need to use a dummy, but then again you could just not use a baby
Really great intro! How much is it to send a tshirt to sweden? :D
nice thumbnail
Sooo you make a T-Bee? xD
try to laser cut a key
no way you're reading this
I want a t shirt or prize. I love these videos While that is a lot of bees, at least you're not Ants in my eyes Johnson.
too many bees.
YOU GET A BEE AND YOU GET A BEE
impressive. you should try making a pair of pants with the laser.
Consistently the only YouTube/maker that makes me laugh out loud every video. It's like watching Einstein do calculations on the back of a bud light box. And I learn a fuuuuuuuuuccccccton. Another awesome video man.
can someone send me some dc drill motors please.......
Way too many beeeeths
USE ALL OF THE MOTORS!!!!!!!
Can i get a tshirt?
Dude I want to give you money to make more delicious sauce. Where your patreon at?
WILIYAMASMAND
>when you film for weeks and get a haircut but keep wearing the same dirty cat shirt so you don't break continuity never change
hey. ur kool.
Your videos are always hilarious.
Laser cut foosball table!
I would kill for a t shirt, something small like an ant but it would definitely die
William is secretly a villain training killer bees and evil mind control shirts that will help him take over the world!
you should laser cut a treadmill
This channel is fantastic
Can your next project be a gas powered DVD player?
?????? t-shirts
TwentyThree
I'd watch that bee show.
It's easter , how about building something related to eggs ? Like an egg-catapult or something :) Or laser cutting egg shells ?
What's a cat?
"I gotta fart" - William Osman 2017
can you laser cut a film video camera?
Will, this is the best one yet!
A lot of bees
i don't know how you continuously smile while putting yourself through these stressful scenarios but it's charming and don't stop thanks
You got a haircut mid-episode?
I love watching your process, man DAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAMN. Also; I think you have more cat shirts than I have TRON shirts and that's quite a feat.
You should have actually just taken some white spray paint for example.. White gloss is a very efficient light-reflector believe it or not. Would have blocked it all out with a coat or two.(just to cut some time, less trial and error maybe.. I mean any color would have done really.)
Wow! That's a lot of bees!
:3c
Can you reach out to 'Ze Royal Viking'? He's your twin.
episode where will is camera man and john does the thing.
un-bee-lievable
Hey, that's still pretty good!
Beees at the end sound like something from Rick and Morty
Starving children in Africa could have eaten that TV.
meow meow cat eats carrot
This was my favorite episode of "Man That's a Lot of Bees!" Have you seen the first season before they got popular? So many bees!
i would watch that show
good shit keep it up
Where can I watch Wow! That's a lot of bees?
You sir, are my favorite nerd on YouTube! You deserve waay more subs!
That's Way Too Many Bees!
Willy Oz Best Channel on YouTube #1
This could well be the coolest thing you've done thus far, I don't know how you keep surpassing yourself every video. I can't wait for the OsmaScope* 2.0, would it be possible to power the rotation with a bicycle and are colour mechanical TVs possible? *Other variants are OsmaTrope, OsmaStrobe, OsmaTube, wasn't really sure which sounded best, so have them all.
Did you actually put bees in the TV or did you edit them in?
Could you convert bee movie on your computer and play it ?
You should modify one of those cheap $20 stand-up fans, and put some sort of tracking device on it so that the fan will always turn to blow on you wherever you walk.
new video. Means that its gonna be a good day ?
What's your education?
Welcome back to! Wow that's a lot of bees! Bees are the greatest! ?? ?? ?? ??
I had to invest in a Dyson Supersonic hair dryer so I could watch TV and take naps in peace... Highly worth it! Oh and nice fart lol
But can you watch porn on it?
I love the editing
Colab with neighbors? Please!
Wow ! I'm getting scared of all those bees ... should I burn my tv too ? I guess I'll do it just in case ... Also are you related to Justin Roiland , his evil twin maybe ? Coz your voice improv sound way similar to the ones he did on Rick & Morty !
You've should have just bought two vinlys!
8:05 Yeah...no idea what any of this means. Still a fun video to watch! xD "too many bees!" hahaha!
You've done television of the past, now do television of the future - smell-a-vision.
I rather enjoyed "Wow that's a lot of BEEs" I think it should be syndicated.
I freaking love his dude.
Laser cut an animatronic bee!
HEY.........Willll.... Can you make something that spins really fast then drops onto the floor? Cuz it would spin... and role... and run over people... Well, K... BYE
I gotta say loved that show. To bad the newer season sucked, not enough bees
Hahahaha, cool projects!
This channel became one of my favourite channels almost instantly.
I give you a tip to help your next project COCAIN
Do you have a job orrrr?
Great video as always but I was wondering; how do you know about all of this subject matter? Keep up the great work!
Lol, "That's A Lot Of Bees" reminds me of Rick and Morty ????????
the bees have the harmonicas!
Woo solidworks
NOOOOOOOOOOO NOT THE CRT
How do you feel about Ham Diesel being your most watched video? (not sarcasm)
is the bee episode somewhere out there? could not find it :D
Leaked footage of the Bee Movie #2
Please reply. Oh please reply. I beg you oh the children the bee children pls reply to save them
It's time for you to do a q&a.
Oh hey....he isn't dead....that's good I guess
Slagor the Great, WOW! that's a lot bees!
I love this channel
can't wait for version 2 in 10 years
i would love to get an t-shirt
omg bees
I didnt get picked for a Laser Cut Cat Shirt :( Unfollowed
tv bees
did you know you can generate nbtv signals for the tv using a computer
This video was sponsored by bees
your videos are getting so damn good, im scared your youtube carreer has peaked already
binarySearch(Bee[] sortedBee, String targetBeeName){ int index = 0; int strtLen = sortedBee.length / 2; while (sortedBee[index].year!=target) { index = strtLen; if (sortedBee[index].name.compareTo(targetBeeName)==1) { strtLen = strtLen + strtLen / 2; } else if (sortedBee[index].name.compareTo(targetBeeName)==-1) { strtLen = strtLen - strtLen / 2; } else break; } System.out.println("Bee found at " + index); } It's a binary search bee also Comparable interface hahahahahaha I'm going to fail my cs exam
I somehow always end up watching your videos at work, and therefore always end up getting really weird looks when I chuckle uncontrollably.
cool
HAHAHAHA.. So you have an Inter-dimensional TV too huh? ??
wow thats a lot of bees
Next time use a black piece of cardboard to begin with :)
two weeks later...
Can you Laser cut some fireworks please :^)
just write some code for the arduino to generate the picture or a program for the pc and output it over the headphone jack
There were bees in a microwave at the end of another video now it's in TV , why was it in the microwave?
please post wow thats alot of bees
There is nothing more concerning than William Osman uttering the words: "this should hopefully work"
Did you at least enjoy the episode of "WOW, That's a lot of bees!" first before realizing you had a bee infestation? :3
"Wow, That's Alot of Bees" Sounds like a Rick and Morty show.
you're my favorite tube on youtube
Try to make glasses
Oh man... that's my favorite show. I just binged it on Netflix and chilled. This was a great video and should be shown in classrooms across 'Merica so that school children can understand how early TV's were built and a proper respect for bees! Nice job William, and I just want to let you know I'm never gonna give you up, never gonna let you down, never gonna run around and desert you....
jep still the best
best intro ever
Actually not that terrible...
Thanks anyway
I live in the U.K. Ffs :(
how many times do you gym pls
Aww yesss... William Osman videos
You're quite unlucky when it comes to bees.
You should laser cut a beer pong table!
You promised me bees. I got bees. Thank you.
So far today's been pretty great. I saw a rocket launch with my own eyes, then William Osman brought back the bees joke. ?????? ??
How could you harm those bees will? Don't you know they are dying at an alarming rate?
Full "Wow That's a Lot of Bees!" episodes when?
Digital bees are the worst.
Laser cut some shoes.
you should lazier cut Lego creations also when you pick some one for t shirts you should print there youtube icon out a cut it in half
I always look forward to your videos. This is really awesome!
I wouldn't mind watching that whole bee documentary, it sounds very informative.
Nice, i love this channel.
so this is basicaly some kind of SSTV? (slow scan TV) Can't wait for V2 :D
FREE THE BEES!
Probably the best bee documentary available on Earth.
Big fan of yours man! Keep up the great work!
Could you try laser cutting pizza into slices?
why are you allways wearing a cat shirt?
My 'First dislike' tentacions are tingling.
NOT THE BEEEES THE BEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEES
needs m0re jpeg
cool :) i like your yt chanel :)
225th!!!!!!
notice me William senpai
I've never BEEn to a YouTube video so quickly
Wow, that IS a lot of bees
i love the comedic tone in the vids!
Ahhhhh, ok. OK. I'm not too fond of the bee sounds in my ears. I'm utterly terrified of the things.
this video was awesome
Under 52 views club?
HEYYYYY WIIIILLLLL
