I had an heart attack just watching this video
14 eggs for breakfast xD
??, ?????. ????? ???? ??????(
Who tf would eat these for breakfast. This is literally a call for overweight. This is not healthy food especially breakfast. For breakfast you want to eat good healthy food not to only wake up the organs and make them feel good but because it's the first meal of the day. The body needs to start working and putting this food in as a first meal is just bad. Eat healthy good food for breakfast for not only you feel good for the rest of the day but also for you body to feel good.
I wonder what they do with all of the crust they keep cutting off the bread
I just made a french toast casserole, check out the blog for the easy recipe! https://reynashome.co/2018/10/25/french-toast-casserole/
Are you sure you're using enough cheese in those recipes?
These are just ideas people, you are by no means obligated to make any of these recipes lol.
If my Dad finds me eating sweets for breakfast I'm dead meat
2:17 i want to try it!
ugh too many ads
Well I know what I'm doing for 3:00am breakfast
Background music is annoying ,not so healthy breakfast
Like why the heck is ketchup a dipping sauce for everything?
A cor do cheddar da primeira receita é mais forte doq o lápis de cor laranja
Ketchup for breakfast...
Most of these are heart attacks waiting to happen.... 1000 calorie breakfasts wtf
Me gustaría que la pusieran en español también para aquello que no saben hablar inglés
Yaiks. What's with the cheese and Bacon .gross
7:12 what did they do to the nutella?! it should be all melty, not burnt into the bread
Why ketchup??
>easy >14 eggs
Dude... that’s a lot of ketchup
8:40 Red velvet. Huh, k-pop stans here? :DD
how you dare to bake an avocado, omg
yeah, don't say anything when you'll get fat
The first one looks easy enough to make ^-^
This food leads to farting in class failing all your class a getting diabetes cancer cardiovascular disease Ebola a ketchup addiction horrible taste buds honest all this is DIS-GUST-ING okuuuuuurrrttttttttt !!!!!!
I keep thinking about diabetes after watching this
Is there literally any egg replacement that would work well with all these recipes?
Who the fuck eats things with ketchup for breakfast... These are more like snacks and desserts, not breakfast unless its a holiday or special occassion and you have min 30 min to make breakfast
I hate bacon ?? and it's all with bacon ??
Tiger loaf has the most beautiful stretch marks??god I'm hungry
Want more vegetarian foods.
Everything has so much fat.. Look delicious.. But maybe once a week..
Erm... Do they eat everything with ketchup?, Lol Wtf
do u have to put bacon in everything
Rip to the crust ??
whats with the orange cheese?
What is it with the ketchup?!? Dipping?!? Lol not everything goes with ketchup
Everytime they dipped the food in ketchup I'd cringe??
This isn't fast at all... And I don't think I have these ingredients and so much time in the morning. Lol
Red velvet pancake was my fav
I need to know the song.
3:37 , 7:32 , 8:59
Why breakfasts on youtube are always fat or extremally sweet?
Genius ?? loved most of them
Most requires baking ?? I don't wanna bake
Your so good at making food ??
My honest opinion about your channel I think you say the recipes a little too fast
I consider this for snack.
eeew...plastic cheese? don't you have real cheese where you live?
Who eats this much for breakfast sometimes I don’t eat till like 2 pm
None of these recipes beat the taste of plain delicious sizzling bacon ????
This is one of my favorite videos so far. OMG! Yes, pllease... yummmy
What you think my muscules I'am Super Strong ??????
I don't like bacon
I am a vegetarian but always like to see non-veg recipes
I don't think it's a good idea to start your day with all this greassy food
Over 1 h for a breakfirst. No!!!! Ich have not monay for this.
Trpp gras
Minuto 9.28 son torrijas pero en dados
PARDON n-ne ^_^ CAN u shaking that egg first around 15 or 30 the tin-nier n-nake n-nore bubble ....^_^ THAT INGREDIANT N-NUST PUT IT'S STEP BYING STEP ,FOR THAT PART'S CAN WORKING PROPERLY AYWAY .....*_^ # GOOD LUCK# FIGHTING * THE N-NOST FIGHTING THE PART OR U NOW 'S KNOW WHAY EVERBODY FAIL IT'S FOR THAT FUNCY PART,CHEERS UP ^_ &GAN-NBETA& ^_^ *_^ ^ GO FOR IT,EVERYBODY CAN ANYWAY*
Overusing bacon much?
wHEN WILL YOU LEARN wHEN WILL YOU LEARN THAT COOKED AVOCADOS ARE FUCKING GROSS AND SO ARE COLD EGGS SO EGG IN AN AVOCADO IS JUST A TERRIBLE IDEA ALL AROUND
why the fuck would you add oil to cook bacon
Todos gostosos ??????
Gross no thanks.. I only found like 3 recipes appetizing.
You should make more healthy foods!
Yay! This video actually has measurements !
You can tell they don't live in America, or they buy farm fresh eggs, because look at the dark color of those yolks! They're beautiful, that's what eggs should look like.
Mm....so yummy????????
y loved them
who the hell is eating so oily.breakfast
Lovely,but I wish you had some thing mad so well for vegetarians
8:39 RED VELVET - REVELUV
1:06 those eggs look brighter than my highlighters
This is diabetes
these like desserts
I love this
2:20??
yummy ??
egg and milk
OMG! I can't ????????
Why do you fucking gremlins have to eat ketchup with nearly everything
It’s bothering me that they put ketchup on everything
11:10 what the heck?! WHAT THE HECK?!!!
OR open a cereal box and pour it in a bowl and add milk ????
Some of these are good but others have too much cheese or are more like desserts to me
Those refried beans looked disgusting
this is the war between twisted and tasty !!!
Must. Put ketchup. On everything.
Is this a second channel of Tasty ??
It’s 1 am and my stomach is growling
These are 'breakfasts' for when you want to get cardiovascular diseases.
Wow! mouth watering recipes. Love everything
Omg the red velvet pancakes looked so good I was going to right down the I recipe then they added vinegar I'm hiley allergic to viniger and all the other I can't eat bc of my braces
iike
Good grief dessert recipes not breakfast. I dont hate my kids this much.
What is the name of the music used in this video
That's not easy at all
Work tomorrow and work e to work tomorrow and tomorrow morning tomorrow and work for tomorrow work and tomorrow tomorrow and ????????????????
Waoooooooooooooo
I love your videos there are so great ??
Never crack eggs straight into something! Its retarded and the white stuff (the COLOR white not egg whites.) is not good for you! Always use a fork and take it out!
You people are gonna have a fucking heart attack sweet jesus the amount of fat
What a rip off, the last one took me two minutes
Nope, I want easy and fast breakfast, sorry I don't eat dessert as breakfast.
I did not like them.. not impressive.. breakfast should be simple and easy to do
You people's is disgusting
11:11 sausage and bacon with caramal sauce and strawberries?????lol!
Last two just made me cringe... But others I'm attempting lol
When that cheese came out that boat.....
UGH! IM HUNGRY??
The French nugget toast is actually called pain Perdue which means lost bread
I hate bacon
Was this sponsored by Heinz or something?
A salty breakfast croissant bake with honey/maple syrup and powdered sugar on top? That's honestly disgusting.
This is absolutely disgusting
Why are all of these so unhealthy. Yeah I’d love to start my day with a meal packed full of bacon and cheese or sugar. This is why America is so fat
Every YouTube channel with food has the same format
Oh my god, it looks all so delicious!!! I'll run to the supermarket as fast as I can to buy all the things I need :-)))
Most of theese are desserts, and many are french toast variations. Also, adding red food coloring doesnt make things red velvet...
They got these ideas from tasty
These are awesome ideas!
Do these turn out the way they are shown?
Is this a bootlegged Tasty?
The new tasty guys!
This cnna channels should get 5Millon subscribers
It always looks so easy but it isn't Q.Q
1,000th like yay ??
What's with the ketchup?
Thank you very much for this great video I hope you translate the words into Arabic to benefit from them and I participated with you channel to reach me all that is new ........Thank you very much
These people must really like ketchup..
I love your recipes. I'm writing down these and make A lot of these
Way to much for a poor countryman. Sorry..
pretty sure half of these should be called desserts instead
Could you do a series on low calorie foods too. Diet food can be tasty too you know... Just needs more thought and care. The kind of lives we lead these days and the stress.... At all ages.. This food though excellent can only be cheat day food ?? looking forward to some equally easy fast and tasty twisted daily foods... May be even more fun make ahead recipes from you.
Why .....why is this channel still at 81k subscribers!!?? ??
Where's the classic breakfast foods? Like Cookies 'n' Creme Horizontal Stripe Cake Or Cookie bottom mousse cake Like if you get that reference
Dead Twisted Chefs, we get it ya'll like to eat. Can you please show normal human sized portions though? An 8-stack of Red Velvet pancakes is the fast track to weighing more than an african elephant circus act where 3 elephants stand on top of eachother. a 2-stack is a more appropriate meal size.
Love the music!
When you do your next ice cream recipe, I heard a song called ice cream twisted the other day..could you play it? It wasn't bad.
Fish
I can't watch or support such waste of food. I am unsubscribing. SHAMEFUL!!
You sure love wasting bread crusts. Idiots.