I love the comment about the gluten and it drawing back. I make tortillas from scratch and keep wondering why sometimes it recoils when I’m trying to roll it out. I believe the solution is to let the dough rest longer, correct?
????????????
Outstanding my man, that chorizo looks amazing.
wish I could meet a handsome man like Bryon who can cook well!! lol
Delicious! I like the mellowness and calm manner of you and this show. Many shows are noisy, voices loud, they have audiences....there’s no need.
Chorizo ??????
You should have dipped it in Taco Bell fire sauce for an authentic flavor
This is just yummy for my weekend movie night :)
You are not a cook you only 1 or 2 year experiment and try to make name with sort Cut
Byron's voice is soooooo soothing... And my stomach is sooooo aching...
I tried this. Good recipe.
Is that your own chorizo or store bought? ??
Love your recipes. If you lower the heat on the cast iron, your tortillas will cook better.
Were you just using a cast iron pan on a ceramic cook top? I thought that could not be done.
I'd let you munch on my quesadilla in the morning, Byron.
Please make Tortillas. I have seen so many but want to watch yours
Looks good. Try cooling down your skillet with a wet towel when it gets too hot or simply start with a medium flame. Your tortilla should not be allowed to smoke at all. Go for a softer brown color on the tortilla bubbles.
The sign off-LMAO. Great video.
When I cook my tortillas they don't bubble and turn out like a poppadom, what am I doing wrong?
bacon fat instead of lard..... Father in Heaven save me from myself...BYRON I LOVE YOU!!!
aloo paratha??
Mmmm.... This is right up my alley given that I'm an Arizona native! Looks delish!
where has this guy been all my life god i'm hungry!!!!
Love these cooking videos. Keep up the Fantastique work. ???????
byron why dont u make something that we can find in the fridge. like, what to do when u only have lettuce and beef in ur fridge. how can we improvise. something like that.
You make everything look so delicious and easy to make. Thanks for all the inspo! ??
American cheddar looks so weird all orange and shit.
Just me or is this way too much effort for a home cooked breakfast. Like for a restaurant it makes sense but at home? Just have an omelet with all the same shit
Its like Indian Parathas
Just subscribed & I'm already in luvvv ?? mostly cause I'm a fat ass but luv the recipes ??
hey byron...my dream is to make a food truck so if u dont mind can i take some of your recipes ...
How he says chorizo. Lol The correct way to say it is cho-dee-so
Any enchilada recipes?
That looks amazing, glad I found your channel, I needed ideas to cook for my family.
????????
i don't like when my girlfriend watches these videos
where can I buy those big slabs of the wooden cutting board thingy?
Could you do a video on making corn tortillas?
eat a dang quesadilla! subscribe to learn more about SPUP
Breakfast Quesadillas f d r Google msMichelle  cook
Lol you don't use tongs when flipping tortillas use your hands! And you burnt them lol ?? ??
As a Mexican i think you did it perfect
so many food police. I'm Mexican and I so enjoyed this video, the beauty of food is that it's universal you can play with it and do your own variations. You don't like the cheese, use whatever you prefer, don't like how he flips the tortillas, flip them as you please. My mom was 100% Mexican and she always substituted things in her recipes and everything was always delicious. Don't knock on things before you've tried them. Never thought of using bacon fat instead or regular Lard I'm excited to try and see what my family thinks! thanks for the delicious recipe as always Byron!
would be nice with some pics of the flour/fat mix before you added water.
Hey Byron ???? you do a lot of recipes with egg would you please do a burger with an egg on it recipe
Can I b your wife
fuck two hours for a dough
1:35 flour bae
That's not a quesadilla homie, that is a mulita.
Do a greek or african recipe, please ??
That's indian chapati!
tbh... dont nobody got time for all this
toen ik een kind was keek ik dit whene i was a kid i wacht dis
At the beginning I was a bit iffy about this video because I saw flour tortillas and not corn tortillas but then you started to make it from scratch and I had to give props to you for going a step further. Love it.
Yup Byron low key Mexican....homemade flour tortillas, you went all out
GRINGA GRINGA GRINGA
what knives do you use? and where can I get good ingredients like you? can you do a video about your knives and where / how you source such beautiful ingredients??
i made this for my family without the bacon i used turkey rashers. it was delicious!!! thank you for the recipe. could i make this woth brown flour too?
The way this man talks about his food. I needa find me a shawty to talk about me like da ????
hey Byron , pls share your red velvet cupcake recipe
You should make a strawberry short cake
I really enjoy watching and trying your recipes!! Can you come up with a dish that includes quinoa? I bet you will kill it!! Cheer!!
please make a kitchen tour video! i would like to see how your whole kitchen looks like :) thanks
Looks sooo good!
good video, good idea. I still prefer bbq pull pork, corn, egg and mixed cheese, in creamy spicy dip.
seems like, it's too hard to make a tortilla! but believe me, in India, it's very common. we used to make it three times a day in a count of 30-40! and it's perfectly round shape! it's called ROTI :)
These look incredible Byron! Love the idea of adding the bacon fat. Soo good!
Hi Byron, love your videos!!! I subscribed right away. Have you ever considered publishing your own cook book with all the recipes. Thanks :)
I don't eat cheese. What can I use to replace the cheese?
wow thats a lot of work for a quesidilla maybe this is how it's done at resturants
Please show us a recipe for mango tea and different drinks to serve since it's getting warmer, especially in the Massachusetts area :)
Looks delicious
Do you have any kids?
In general, nice but... Byron, do you know how BAD pork is for health? It is not even considered edible.
Tasted quesadillas once and decided that I don't it but I think I'm trying it again because of your video
im wet
love these man! I love making these...mine is a little more low key cuz I don't make the tortillas haha. Also, what knife do you use?
Can I give this vid multiple ??????
plz marry me..
Breakfast foods are the best kinds of foods out there. Show me someone who doesn't think this looks delicious and I'll show you a liar. Great recipe!
try them with some monterey jack chesse next time, you wont regret!
beautifully stacked quesa's!
Love your content! Byron! I made a bet with my friend that I could get 500 subscribers within 8 days. If I win I get 100$! Help me out on this one YouTube! Ohh and I own a Food Channel ????
00:28 a little more bang for my butt and to be more recoursefull with my cum????
This looks delicious, the best part is that it looks super easy to make ??????????????????????????????
sir i would love to see you to rate games
Hi i have a new cooking channel and wanted to know if you would like to collaborate on a video?
1:35 'flour bae'
Im 5 minutes into the video, i just found your channel, and im in love.
You are boss with those knife skills! Can we please get a knife skills video? Love your simple yet elegant cooking style! Help a beginner out!
I've never seen chorizo looking like mince :O the end product looks delicious nontheless!
How can i replace the fat to make the dough?????
Looks yummy!
How many tortillas does the dough recipe make? Can you make ahead of time and store the dough or freeze it?
hello Byron! I was looking through all of your videos for pork chops but you don't have any. you should do one for awesome pork chops!
I would eat this but I'm allergic to cheese ;(
Those knife skills though! ??
Byron, you don't know how to roll perfect round shape tortilas. It is not that difficult. It can be done in not more than 10 seconds.
ap ki roti gol nai hay, ap ko rishta nai milay ga.
Your background music is good! It is well-matched with today's food.???? + I really like Quesadillas????
Yum! I want one!:D
Is there anything you can substitute the lard and the bacon fat with? As a veggie, I can't eat them, but I really want to try these:)
It's almost dinner time in Britain, but we'd love these any time of day!
My family is Mexican, my husband is white haha. (He always tells me, how do you manage to have homemade tortilla every single day?) My family got me used to literally having tortillas at least once a day. So I make tortilla dough every night to have for the next day and so on. I also make homemade corn tortillas, way way better than store bought. Anyways I love love your cooking videos! Blessing to you and your little family. ?? (oh and never thought of using a mixer! For the past 10 years I've done my dough all by hand, definitely trying that!)
Why can't I chop my veggies like you?! ????
Can you make more foods that you bring to school or work. You have a lot of recipes that you have to eat right away. :/
Hi Byron! :) How many tortillas did you get from this recipe?
1:35 salt bæ
what is a good substitute for the bacon fat/ lard?
Ooh! I want one! Hmm, you know, I've never thought about making scrambled eggs in a saucepan before...
It's Paratha, with stuffing! Lool.
Wow! This is awesome! :)
why do you add milk to your scrambled eggs? I've tried it with and without and it doesn't make that much of difference
Most of your recipes I would never attempt to make , but I just love watching your videos. They are so aesthetically pleasing and relaxing it honestly doesn't matter what you're cooking I'd still watch it lol. If you ever decide to one a restaurant or even put a dish on someones menu I would so support it! Keep up the great work!
I am a offended, and this made me feel mexican.
I used to enjoy fresh homemade tortilla's when my grandma used to make them. but sadly since she has alzheimer's she hasnt made them in a long time. and she never gave us her recipe for them
The bacon fat is it just leftover fat from cooking bacon in a pan or is it something special about it? xD
Can't wait to try this x
It looks so yummy <3 I want to try using our local longganisa instead of chorizo >\\\<
if you prepare the tortillas a day before. how long do they keep?
Your videos make me hungry ??
Please make a video of Tortilla De Patatas aka Spanish Omelette!!
I make breakfast burritos but I have never made a breakfast quesadilla. I need to!
You are honestly the only cooking Chanel I love to watch. And you make homemade tortillas look easy to make ??
I love how you keep the Mexican recipes, Actually Mexican... ???? Thank You! ?? Will definitely be making these!
Looks like I'm having breakfast for dinner because anything more complicated than toast and eggs for breakfast is too complicated for my morning brain.
this video was great, but the audio was a bit low during the tasting section
cenk uygur denies the armenian genocide
Another great video! Thanks Byron ??
Empanadas? Pleaseeee. ??
Hey Byron! Awesome videos, again! You need a show on food network!! The video quality is so good!
I could pay my rent with what that mixer costs.
Great video!! Looks delicious!! I'm new to your channel but I'd love to see a shepherds pie recipe! :) If you've already done one then just ignore! :p
i love the minimalistic style of cooking
Byron, you should take your wife to a Cafe Rio. Its a Mexican grill. Hope you give it a try!! Promise you will love it!
Loved this!!!! Making it for dinner asap!!! Would love to see a video of you showing / talking about all of your most used kitchen tools listen in your description box
Those look awesome.
4:18 I bet he ate that
chapati .... we have been eating this since. forever
Byron slapped that quesadilla down like it owed him money
Seriously change the cheese to something sharp/acidic and you'll be happier Just always avoid american't cheese - barf
Yum I love chorizo
Can I use vegetable shortening instead pork fat ?
Nice tortilla making skills! ??
I've made all your breakfast dishes LOL
I thought you said mix for 45 minutes and I was like whaaaaaaat lol
I'm confused why you always try the food before you sit down and film your impression of it..!?
Give a good look to the camera at :20 lol. I saw the comment below about glass tops and cast iron, I'm glad they asked I was wondering that. Great video! One Question, how do you make this when your kid(s) are screaming at you that there hungry! lol... Keep up the great work sir! Chris
Try Oaxaca cheese instead! You make everything look soooo delicious!!!! ???? xoxo
Your tortilla making game needs to be upgraded.
This dude is a beast
Looks amazing!
the amount of cilantro in that nearly made me throw up. the soap plant
As a Mexican living in Mexico, I approve this quesadillas, but I think it would be better with a more mexican cheese, like Oaxaca cheese
bro
These looks sooooo good
????????????????????
You deserve way more subscribers, love your videos!
How do you scramble your eggs? Do you whip it the whole time with a whisk or switch halfway through? If you switch, with what? Thank you! Big fan!
If anyone is planning on or made this recipe please tell me how it turned out
Could I substitute the bacon fat with coconut oil or shortening ? I can't eat anything containing pork/pork derivatives ??
This looks so good! Can't wait to make it!
Yum
you make it look so easy!....how?!?
The dislikes are from people who doesn't love food and good work with it ??
Love it! Now I'm hungry, can I get one? haha ??
Are you telling me that tortillas are just basically roti but with a different type of flour and less oil?
My tortillas became crispy hard after cooking??what did I do wrong:0
i make omlets and scrambled eggs and quesadillas all the time... butto make a breatkeft one.. i never thought about that haha
Dislike for stupid idiot
1:18 what is mixter
"... to get rid of the bacon bits.' Dude no.
ready for breakfast? until i cook these its already late in the night :D good video!
Can you make a video on how to care for cast iron pans
Its like chapati with fillings
These look amazing!!
YUMMMMY
I didn't think you could use cast iron on glass counter tops :o
You sound funny saying tortilla xD and it was a lot of times, Maybe I sound the same saying something in english :P Good recipe!
this is literally my stress reliever. i love watching you make art with food. you really capture it all and give a nice picture. ??
The eggs need to be cooked with the chorizo. After it kinda melts add the eggs and then cook it like you would scrambled eggs.
screw it I'm making this for dinner tonight
Why do u always look mad when cooking? haha
man I love ur cooking I been doing some of ur recipe and I going to food Network to compete for chopped I will be doing some of ur recipe
Don't forget the usual rice and beans that accompanies this crap.
Hey Byron, any chance you could do a shakshuka recipe?
saludos 7u7
I'm Mexican so I get to enjoy homemade tortillas pretty often xD Thanks for the recipe! It looks really good ??
haz tlayudas =3
Looks friggin delish Byron! Definitely going to try this tomorrow for breakfast!
So gay :O
looks so yummy!!
I hope the tortillas came out delicious! My mom has tried doing them in our mixer..they don't taste the same compared to making them by hand. She also uses hot water! She goes in with her hands too, idk how she stands the hot heat haha I will definitely try this! :)
I am incapable of seeing one of your videos and not clicking on it
what can be substitute for lard and bacon or any butter will work please
Looks tasty! ??
nunca había visto que alguien batiera la masa para tortillas con máquina, ni que las voltearan con palillos ??
Did the "raw" taste of the pepper and onion cook off with the heat of the cheese melting? or did you still get some of that flavor?
I need to mix it for 45 minutes?!? 0:53
anything with bacon is awesome
Dude that's a gringa
I can never find chorizo where I live :(
My favorite breakfast place does choizo tacos and they're so good.
Wow, you never fail to impress Byron! You've really inspired me to work hard and improve my cooking. Hopefully, I can be as good as you one day
Hey Byron! Who makes those nice Saute Pans?
Hey Bryon! Are there any alternatives to bacon fat/lard for this recipe? Thanks! :)
what can we use instead of pork fat?
How much time does everything take on the whole? Love the recipe though <3
yumm! love your vids :)
Could you please share some recipes that don't contain onions, peppers, or mushrooms?... I really don't like those. Thank you ??
never been so excited to watch a video.
4 people just don't understand.
file corruptions are the antithesis of chorizo
Marry Meee ! I love watching all of your videos ! keep it up
Marry me ! I love your channel
fantastic! ezpeazea
why have I never thought to do this?! I do burritos all the time, but never even thought to do a quesadilla
Y wouldn't I leave the bacon bits in the bacon fat tortillas with bacon sounds fkn delicious
Perfect quesadillas!! loved them!
I've been waiting for this video ????
wow looks good OMG
The Quesadillas looks really good.I use a little bit olive oil in the pan. I think that`s what I should make for lunch todayyyyy~~~~With avocado, Hehehe...
Already has 1 dislike? Wth
Oh my GOD !! ???? That's amazing ?? one of the BEST channels !!
looks nice. good breakfast idea??
This is the earliest I've ever been to any video, I'm so excited, the first few seconds alone look AMAZING! After having just finished watching it, I have to say, I'm very jealous of you right now!
mucho bueno
Looks good and delicious!
love your videos...????????
omg these look soo nicee ??
Finally! Ive been so excited to see this video!
nice
keep going with these great videos !!
??