I tried the waffle recipe and the waffles tasted horrible.
Ur recipes are amazing but I don't get all ingredients??
sigh
I love your recipes
Wow! Thank you! All recipes are amazing ??
I tried the Apple rolls Not that good
I think it's American style breakfast, in Europe and Asia you can't have such huge, calorie full things in the morning....that's why Americans are HUGE!!!! You have to decide whether you want to live longer or die sooner eating things like this!!! Full of sugar...poor body!
Damn this looks good... I'm gonna go eat my spaghetti now
hi there its so nice cooking and useful tips thank you so much.
pollen 'p?l?n/ noun a fine powdery substance, typically yellow, consisting of microscopic grains discharged from the male part of a flower or from a male cone. Each grain contains a male gamete that can fertilize the female ovule, to which pollen is transported by the wind, insects, or other animals.
Excellent do For lunch and dinner also please............
What was your favorite recipe?
that's not what a shakshuka looks like... everything else looks super delicious though
Excellent recipes
It could be just be, but anything involving an oven is too hard to consider for breakfast lol
You should make more healthy foods!
How do you make the sauce in the first one
Shakshuka is an Egyptian dish but we mix eggs with tomatos
The apple French roll ups are amazing
?? ???? ???? ?? ???? ????? ?????? ???
Nthng is easy as indian breafast idly,Dosa enough for a lifetime
Congratulations on an excellent video!!! Wow, absolutely delicious stuff! I can't wait to try these breakfasts! Thank you so much!
is there any substitute for eggs
Love at first sight omg I subscribed. Will try one dish soon.
I hate avocado ,its like butter??????
Complete your dishes are amazing
Wow amazing recipes but we don't eat eggs????
So yummy food ????
SOO GOOD
All seem delicious but I was wondering whether there is a substitute for sour cream in recipe no. 2.
Who has the time?
is that 70s porn music i hear
wooo. greata stuff
How tf is guac breakfast?
such a easy deli cook. im going to fallow
Thank you for saving my Sunday morning!????
Awesome breakfast tricks and recipite but do people really eat this to breakfast!?:/
All dishes are extremely delicious but highly unhealthy
Wouldn't necessarily say easy, for some of them.
After watching all of this..mm i think I'll eat cereal with some milk ???? Life is easy ??
This isn't easy lol
Pancham
In 0:30 u have Korondi's ceramics bowl?
straight into my cooking playlist!
Congrats for the 1m subscribers P.S your recipes are everything ????
What is your definition of easy?
Can I change my breakfast habits ?
Love your recipes!
I 'am a kid but I 'am 9 year old but whenever I 'am like my mom she can teach me how to Cook ?????
You are a sensational cook. Everything tastes delicious. Please post the musical artists with your videos. Easy listening music goes well with cooking and eating. Who is the artist on this video, thanks?
First one tasted amazing! Great idea. Definitely earned a new subscriber
i love it, but how to cook a delicious meal in a very short time ? like 5 minutes.....
Thats make me hungry
My most faves were apple rolls, apple pancakes and potato cheese pancakes ! Yummy
Came here cuz I'm sick of cereal and milk
Perfect suggestions for brunch!
OMG This just gave me some great ideas! Thank you!
just looking for it
Very nice presentation!
0:08 - Apple French Toast Roll Ups 1:07 - Twice Baked Potato w/ Egg 1:56 - Homemade Waffles 2:47 - Roasted Tomato Grilled Cheese 3:40 - Crisp Apple Pancakes 4:38 - Shakshuka/Eggs in Tomato Sauce 5:39 - Perfect Guacamole 6:34 - Ricotta Blueberry Pancakes 7:30 - Cheese Potato Pancakes 8:25 - Dutch Baby Pancake
Super ?????????????????????????????
I’m just gonna heat up some Roman noodles ??
nocumuntonliwatch
Wich caméra do you use can you answer nme please ????
amazing ?????
thank you??????????
Grilled cheese and coca-cola's the best breakfast. Hold the tomatoes, please. Cute cooking video :)
Nachos for breakfast? #winning
What I like about your recipes they are easy to make They always turn out to be good You mention how many people it serves and there are many for me to choose So I subbed you
wow
Guacamole is delicious, but why is it in a breakfast video?
Could you please kindly make a video of the "lunch box" friendly recipes? (Summer and winter food )
Perfect !!
Very nice
Kiz gitmis mücvere pankek demis
Is not... Easy at all
All i seen was 10 easy breakfast recipes.I clicked so dam fast.Im hungry too, and its mng time.
I always love your channel because it helps me to learn many recipes easily.
Music reminds me of Gran Turismo ??
Could you list or tell the back ground music during the video.
Having a meal with garlic in the morning doesn't sound so appealing to me - The aftertaste and bad breath... Ew.
With out egg you can't do any breakfast
Amazing recipes, but the video is damn quick. I cannot catch all the ingredients. I have to download the video and watch it again in slow motion ??
Can we just have breakfast for lunch and dinner too?
who thought of that shitty music to accompany such lovely grub!!
Its nice watching your channel I like the videos you sending me and your background music is perfect
Nice Food
You are amazing thank you ??????
Hallo. Very interesting those crisp pancakes... but could I leave out the apples? It could be better, for my own taste. Thanks if you'll answer.
Great video!!!
I love it!!! I love your channel!
music is adorable!
Beautiful video! Would whole wheat flour work for the waffles?
If you were my sister, i would ask you to make me breakfast everyday ..??????
2 ?????-???????????? ???????
Thank you for so many wonderful recipes
Imagine a brunch with all these recipes! Amazing!!!
??
Tutto buonissimo sicuramente, ma quanti grassi e roba fritta.
Awesome ????
I can eat 6 uv those waffles, 3 uv those sandwhiches, 6 uv those apple pancakes, 10 cheese potato pancakes??????
Why you do them to gather you make me confused But you are great thanks
I really wish I had time in the morning to do those :D
All I can say is WOW!!!
This was a wonderful video. I'm going to try the red sauce and egg dish and the blueberry ricotta pancakes.
?????? cest super !!!
Chakchouka is a north African dish, it's better when you don't use onions and use more garlic, and add some hot sauce to give it the right amount of spice (it's not really meant to be served as a break fast)
The music reminds me of Tasty
I thought there will be muffins as well. Btw I loved all of them.
Breakfast orgy! Yummy, loved it!
????? ???.. ?????
That was just so good. Really nicely made video... and food!
absolument fabuleux,fantastique dommage qu'il n'ai pas de traduction en français en tout les cas .....respect madame ????
Hope she didnt learn this from tasty or will will get repost recipes all the time lol nice vid anyway
Amazing video and editing skills , may I ask you if it doesn't bother you my question what lens do you use to shoot your videos and what type of light do you use ?
You are super??great job Ella..
You really have a lot of different choice of different food what to cook I'm try a lot of these food and breakfast desserts very nice very very nice bring some nice other things I would love to see I've been watching your Channel so it's time for me to give you ten thumbs up
i wish i had the time and energy to make stuff like this for breakfast.. also this is like torture when you're hungry
Best video ever!!!. All your videos are really lovely and sooo pretty. ?? it.
These are awesome. Your channel is wonderful. I hope you reach 1 million subscribers soon!
Very nice video Ella, good idea making a top 10 recipes! I think my favourites are the sweet recipes...as italian I could never eat "potatoes with egg on top" as a breakfast! :D
I love your recipes and videos!
Ich liebe das sieht lecker aus ????
Good recipes. Loved all of them. Thanks for sharing
V useful recipes
You should create a book, would be amazing!
Your recipes are absolutely amazing! I already baked so many cakes and they are perfect! Thank you so much for sharing with us! ?
You should do one for lunch!!
Shalom Gracias por tus recetas,todas son deliciosas ????????????????????
I want to eat all of them
Absolutely fantastastic??
Any subtitute for eggs bcoz of allegry to them awesone recepies
love your recipes??
LOVE!! only problem....what to make first!!
Wow, so many awesome choices. I think I love all of them, hard to choose a favorite.
Imi place ca folosesti multe vase traditionale romanesti, te respect! ?
What are you serving with the apple rolls? Is it jam?
Looks yummy
I really don't like garlic for breakfast, thanks alot Ella
@ Home Cooking Adventure Now can't wait for " Easy 10 lunch recipes"
Algum BR?
????????
Everything looks delicious :) soo nice ideas!
????
Thanks for your amazing videos! I actually have your triple chocolate mousse sitting in my fridge waiting to be unveiled tonight for Eid supper!
This one goes straight in my cooking playlist.
Subscribe to my Chanel
Great video! Can I come over for brunch this weekend? ;)
Tt veramente squisito!?? complimenti sei bravissima! Grazieeeee ??????
so nice????
wow?? verry good
First