A MONTH!!!!!!
Dont forget to freeze your food for 3 months kids!
freeze up to 3 months ..?
I was so confused about the spinach smoothie because at first, they didn't add the spinach
I frickin love this idea
It look so good
"And heeeeeeeres the frozen fruuuuuuit..."
I love this maybe the cook ?? ?? ?? or not
When I first saw the egg with vegetables I was like Me : OH!! That was my mother's recipe
Pineapple wth milk but pineapple and milk combination can lead us to death
I read that as Meal Prep for the Weak, because I am... XP
My fridge doesn't have that many eggs
1:07 c'mon tasty we all know that's Rubbermaid
All of these people that gave this video a thumbs down, clearly must have maids!!!!! Tfs ??????
Food for people that don't like real food.
This music is very relaxing
A month wtf yep this is gonna be ready for the week
Can anyone please tell me the name of these plastic bags used to preserve the fruits?
Why did I misunderstood "Week" for "Weak"
PLEASE don't mix eggs and broccoli unless you wanna have explosive diarrhea!
I don't even eat eggs... but why do y'all horrifically overcook them like this??
Can u just eat it right there and then
Looks like repeatition
I am going to do everything! But I will take broccoli to any recipe, I HATE broccoli
Ahh yes can't forget to label the bags of fruit that suspiciously look like the label we have given them. Can't forget a strawberry for anything else now can we?
Wtf! 3 months! I can cook a lot of food on those 3 months!
That repetitive music was incredibly annoying. Also, enough with the greek yogurt.
Amazing you should do a lunch one this was awesome right up my ally
Reach ten mil alreadyyy
This could take me a week just to make Monday LOL
before they put the veggies in I was like ooh that would be really good then once they put it in, I was like hell no
Oddly Satisfying Me!
Asians don’t eat food prepared for day to consume it another day.i prefer fresh cook & eat ur video says it can last up to month ??
Meal prep for the WEAK..
Mario bros music, anyone else recognize that? No? Just me? Okay.
Still abnormally normal. Usual tasty.
Anyone try these recipes?
The muffin confused me. Why broil it and not toast it? Why put it in a damp paper towel BEFORE freezing?
I cant understand people who want every morning something different for breakfast.
You can’t be serious? Store up for months... um no.. ????
Why would you freeze food inside a damp paper towel?? The towel is going to become a block of solid ice
Tasty indeed.
The pancakes look so unappealing. But like food prep vids.
Ok so I’ve done the breakfast sandwich thing but the eggs get so dry after heating them in the microwave. Anyone have a tip for this???
wow!!!!!!!!!!!
How to defrost these pancakes?
Plzzzz plzzzz make more videos on meal prep.... Plzzzz????
Working at tbell.. I cringed at how those burritos were folded ??
Can u guys pls make something that kids can make that doesn't require difficult things or way too much food
im lactose and tolerance-
Watching this put the taste of microwaved egg in my mouth :B the rest seems good though
341
It's 3:30 am I have a play tmr And im watching this. F M L
Who watches these videos just to see the food how tempting it looks and not the recipe???? If do so then hit the like button plzz ??????
I'd watch these so much more if there was a voice over, you can't look away for a second or you miss something so half the time I don't click
The music on replay got really irritating
T~T
What's the purpose of using damp towel in microwave?
Yummy
Get dat damp paper towel
This music makes me want to stab my ears with a wisk
It seems delicious but personally I think it is not eco friendly as this will create a lot of rubbish.
Quality content
No measurements though
I can't wait a month:'( I don't have patience
Plz sub to me cuz I need to try to get to 50 subs plzzzz
I want to make all of these ??
Strawberries aren't berries...
great video!! thank you
4:30 does everybody cook eggs with water or is it just not me?
You made a mistake at 6:02, it says F twice, but we know what it's meat to say:)
I really need a much larger freezer...
My super pregnant ass wants granola bars now
I wonder why they used turkey bacon ????????????
hey, am just gonna freeze these fruits for 3 months.
hey, am just gonna freeze this sandwich for a month.
This is soooooo good and the music makes me feel optimistic ! Definitely gonna try this on my diet ^_^
So glad they labelled the bag strawberry banana
some are definitely not for the healthy people here lol
kiwi, banana... SPINACH??!
I heard Ron Swanson killed himself after watching this.
They're fxxking frozen! -Gordon Ramsay
You will be late to work every single day. Or just do this on the holidays
B you got me fucked up if you think anyone is going to use 12 eggs in one recipe
As a busy person, this is really helpful!! Meal prep prevent you for skipping meal. I've been looking for meal prep recipe this week, and tasty never disappoint me ????????????
I like the mixed berry smoothie best.
Good job tasty! These are kinda healthy!
how about you teach us how to waste less when cooking :D give us some cool ideas
Good video! You should put the macros and calories too?
Can someone tell me what the first one was
Hope u hit 10 mil
GODDAMN SO GOOD BUT MY MOMS OVEN DOES NOT WORK
It's not Tasty !! It's stacked funky smelling food ??????????????
Who puts barely a sprinkle of cheese in a burrito!?
Instead of promoting regular fresh cooking.....'stack your food in freezer' for a week in advance !! ????????Yay???????? !! So that if you decide to eat something else...????????..noooo !! There is already food stacked in my freezer !!! Fuckerssss ??????
Looks so yummy ??????
Very nice ????????
Thank god for the labels on the fruit. Really had me confused thinking it was chicken ... lmao so extra.
I can't afford this.. ????
raw oats? it causes inflammation !!
Oh my gosh! Thank you so much for this! Super helpful! I like meal prepping but its hard tl fond time to make things for breakfast so I usually skip it sadly! Everything here looks so great. I'm definitely going to try some of these! Many thanks!
Leaving out the measurements and making us go to another site? Unsubscribe...
I need more healthy meal prep!!!
Turkey
All this meal prep shit is big freezer privilege tbh
I wonder how many times I’ve watched Tasty videos that has frittata in it.
Many flewaer ...... And awesome test....... Thanks tasty
Nah, id rather eat fresh food. This is unhealthy.
Is it necessary to freeze for a moth or is it optional?
Ok, now im in LOVE with you ??
As of right now I am still a child by some day I’d like to becomes a parent and adapt some of these ideas To how my family would eat.
Wh- Three months?!
I ain't gonna freeze mf eggs
That first egg sandwich is Kanye shaped
Amazing video. Love it. This video was superb.
The first one would be eggsellent if I was not allergic to eggs.
they put four shreds of cheese on that breakfast burrito
I am I the only person who cannot do a “bird” and egg in the same meal? Like I think there’s something wrong with eating a chicken omelette.
why are they writing names on see through bags?
Maybe a smoothie recipe for people who just happen to be allergic to bananas?
Over night oats is the most disgusting white people shit ever
Literally CANNOT stop binging these videos! Love it! xx
The way they wrapped the burrito hurt me a bit...
Chocolate Milk?
This is a fun and slightly more interesting way to get a week's worth of meal prep done! Admittedly I just go out and buy a box of cereal, but to each their own right?
What is the brown paper?
How did the granola bars get that thick when there clearly weren’t enough oats to cover the bottom of the pan? ??
That’s some shit they feed u at overnight summer camp
I wish I had my own fridge ??
Meanwhile poor student can't afford fresh ingredients
Tasty ?? aye
Gooddam some of these look good but my lazy ass wouldn’t even think of ever trying it
Damn meal prepping looks interesting, but I’d never do it.
For the first one...., what about the Measurements??
What the hell 4:49 Who can't roll a burrito??????
Cooking right know!
https://youtu.be/vZaZ-oouwhw
I really love to eat Tasty Reuploads for everyday! Yum!
Don't make the spinach milk smoothie unless you don't mind farting non stop for a year.
I didn't finish the video before I got up to go make the breakfast sandwiches and the prep ahead kiwi banana smoothies. Hahaha.
That would not last me long tho those small things??
Is only a reposted video...
Very cool ideas here.
I wish I can have breakfast food all three meals ??
Can you make a video of cooking before school?
those are the saddest pancakes i've ever seen
I thought the smoothie said freeze for 3 months at first
alternative to doing any of this: just make some grilled cheese
I get the Digorno Crispy Pan Pizza ad every video. btw I'm a very small YouTuber
The breakfast videos are my favorite!
Very confused as to why they’re using almond milk but then also using Greek yogurt which has dairy...like either use no dairy completely or cow’s milk throughout ???????
Can the almond butter be replaced with peanut butter in the last one, or would that taste bad?
While some of these seemed great and I might try them out, one thing I haven't ever really understood is what is with sweet breakfast? I mean the most I've tried is porridge with berries and even then it was too sweet for me. I really prefer savory.
Am I the only one who gets Asda "It starts with a ..." adverts?
That's a big ass egg piece
To: people who are saying they are repeating everything/overusing clips. Buzzfeed/Tasty has to make schedules for both, both use the same people, and new recipes can be hard to think of, and if you are doing collabs with big people it can take a while to do. (Sorry if my English is not well) From: JJ.
Am I the only one who gets Asda "It starts with a ..." adverts?
This music is honestly the most wholesome and uplifting thing ever.
Me wishing there was a such thing as a second breakfast ??
I hate spinach smoothies they actually tend to cut my tongue and apparently it was a defense mechanism that they made thousands of years ago so that they wouldn’t get eaten by herbivores or something.??
Im so confused cuz i've never got an ad on yt before.
BITTTCCHHH serve looookkks hunnnty????????
Okay but how so I make the damp paper towel
I'm 13,248th!
Anyone else getting these “Terror High” ads?
yum
Puts "Strawberries and Bananas" on a clear bag when we can easily see it
No It happens to me stupidmicro trans spay
Good ideas... I love this channel!
do you even know how expensive almond butter is...
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IJi3kp2JA-k
Perfect breakfast !!??
I do cold overnight oatmeal ???? super easy and keeps ya regular tbh
And I just had a piece of chocolate cake this morning .. (Can’t cook for myself yet since I’m young/there was nothing in the fridge and my parents are never home soo)
Did anyone get that music.ly/TikTok add??
The fruit is not frozen when she takes it out of the freezer
Wait? This is a tasty video?! I though I was loading into sims.
Yummy!
A lot of great ideas here! I'd change a few things like using real bacon instead of turkey bacon. The sheet pan pancakes didn't look so great, but I can just skip that one. :) This could make breakfast time a little easier in the morning with kids!
All those breakfast meals look delicious
IM EARLY
This is ellie -->?? Ellie does not have a name or age Name her And the amount of likes is her age
Am i the only one who watch this in bed trying to sleep
what can I use in place of the Greek yogurt in the smoothies )):
OH YESSSS!
Time to eat
Amazing video, horrible burrito wrapping skills lol
I like meal prep do more
Meh!
Before 5,000 views! Never thought it'd be this early!
broccoli and eggs?
Are you sure about freezing cooked eggs and meat because I don't want to get food poisoning !!
No I do to
or meal prep for the month...
I would do the first one without brocolli, anybody has an idea for a substitute? Can I use a pressed garlic instead of the powder?
I like the longer-ish videos ??
Is anybody keep getting musically ads on every tasty video
Binge watching tasty videos ????
1:39 was confused for half a second, only to realize the horror that I would soon witness.
2:16 I actually want to try this so bad (even if it has spinach)
Good video
Want to hear a joke ? Read more
why do we have to wait a month to eat it?
??????????!
Nice idea
Yammy
3 MONTHS??? NO ONE IS WAITING 3 MONTHS TO PREP BREAKFAST FOR A WEEK
Broccoli is a trap.
Omg yassss!!!! So early!! Where r u notification squad??
44 views, 114 likes. YouTube is being very drunk.
Loveeee from India!!!!!!!
44 views and 105 like. YOUTUBE BEEN DRINKING LAST NIGHT.
Whenever my bread is hot and I wrap a towel around it, it always sticks and gives me the hardest time
Wish I had that every morning
44 views 99 likes ??????
I'm drooling right now...
LOVE IT!! THANKS TASTY!! Fabulous work as always!
Yummmmmmy
We all love our meal prep videos. Around 60 million episodes clearly isn’t enough ??
FOOD!
0:04 kind of looks like weetbix
Like this if you’re early ??
TASTY TASTE !
EGGSCELLENT video
Am I the only person who keeps on getting the same Tresemme hairspray commercial????
????? ????? ??? ????????????????????
hi
Hmmm will try it.
https://youtu.be/FQJmg6radhU
Highlight of my day
Early, I love this channel so much,especially Alix, she so funny, keep up the good food
Wow! This is so awesome and nice!
?????
Hello beautiful person scrolling through the comments ????????? From a friendly masculine coach.
4 th
Ayee early??
first, so tasty
nice guys ?? guys welcome to my diy channel ?
Yummy i will try it defenetly!!??
1
...