Well this was pretty fun to try! (apart from the egg, but maybe i'll beat it next time for an omelette)..... If you'd like to try a normal cooked breakfast, try here's a recipe https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QyQi__utmgU&vl=en More MVK tries on this playlist https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tgzxe7jJ6oA&list=PLfItiEY3o1msmCdkx49hQcmgh39L02lf5
Please do a slow cooker quiche
Seems we shop at the same argos ??
My suggestion would be to put the bacon in the empty space instead of a cup. Plus I would put the cup for the egg in but not the egg and half way through cooking I would turn the sausages down the bacon and then add your egg.
Jar tongs would work well for taking those out of the crock pot.
In the slow cooker you should try making sausage casoroll , spagball and chillier con carne all amazing stuff what you can make.
Spider-Man PS4 is a very good game
Softsages
I like Roast Beef with carrots potatoes and gravy in crock pots as well as meatballs. I don't recommend doing breakfast in them. Chili is okay in a crock pot. If you haven't tried those in your crock pot, that's the way to go if you want something in a few hours. I think you can probably do BBQ pulled pork for BBQ sandwiches in a Crock Pot too.
Your wife is beautiful very lucky man
8 months pregnant, and this channel is my current favourite pass time
Remember.... That grilled cheese was cause 120v doesn't do well on UK sockets. Not cause you left it on for too long ??
please dont baptise children in a crockpot barry.
This looks like dinner. Breakfast doesn't include beans. Those are for dinner or barbecue
Lo
I can't decide if you're 15 or 55...
I’ve never recognised a place in a YouTube video before, me and my partner have watched you for years mainly for your giant recreating videos turns out you’re really local to me so it’s nice to know I can get all the ingredients I’ve been worried I can’t get in my local shops! And maybe you’re the reason I can never buy chocolate for cooking ??
Can you make clotted cream in a slow cooker?
As an American I find it so funny that you thought a crock pot was something Western but it's literally just a slow cooker LMAO (side note I love your guys's lingo or names for things like hob for the stove????)
The way he said Barry can you please do crock pot recipes ??
Better start this when you go to bed if you want breakfast.
Nice try, but be honest: If you can't dip your sausage in the egg yolk, then it hasn't really worked has it? The mushrooms would have been improved by adding a tablespoon of water and a nob of butter/margarine at the start; (this also produces great microwaved mushrooms too!) I'm concerned that you used the correct kind of clingfilm. With certain types, they're not meant for cooking, because the plasticizers in them can become carcinogenic when hot.. (but then if that's a price you're willing to pay to have beans and tomatoes with your breakfast!.....)
was so shocked when i seen him in my local argos woah wtf
Crock-Pot are awesome. If you don't feel like bringing out a lot of pots and pans to cook. Plus easy clean up if you use a liner.
make the really cool slow cooked fritata
I like watching these to learn the do's and don't's. I've done french toast casserole in a crock pot, and apple crisp as well. Now I know I can do sausage and mushrooms as well.
I make food in a slow cooker all the time, my favorite is soups and dishes with chicken, roasts or brisket. I would recommend a little exploring on the web for recipes ( I did) , I even made pizza in my crock pot! lol
I am not in the slightest bit surprised the egg was terrible XD
Do u really think something you buy from argos would have a us plug??
You can cook this whole breakfast at a time when you want it quicker than loading up this cooker
You’re hilarious! Love this so much ??
Your Daughter is so British. That's so noice".
Okay sure, you could... or you could make a cooked breakfast in 15 minutes (at most) in a frying pan.
Barry kills me “you can baptize children in this thing.” XD
Would it not be better to bain marie the beans ETC in their tins than having the rammikins?
barry!!! i had to stop the video at the "mushroom" pun hahahaha .. ok back to the video!
Is that Worle?
Was it worth wait as it doesn't take long to cook a breakfast
Barry with a five o-clock shadow is kinda cute. Grow out that mustache!
Why dident he cook it the night before? Lol
Tomatoes in traditional English breakfast? They don’t grow there :(
Obviously it's going to be an UK plug socket you bell, you bought it from Argos!!
Make pierogis please?
CHEATING..... You needed to have slow toasted toast !!!
Why don't people just learn to cook?
Tried to fob your daughter off with a mushroom she knew better to go for the sausages. So glad to have found this channel its really good and am enjoying it all so far. Keep up the great work
Great idea! So many possibilities and experiments!
Omg was that Argos in Blackburn?
Hahaha her face when you asked if she wants to try the egg
Love the mushroom, much room joke. You're such a fun guy.
You could put it on a higer setting
The final result was sooo amazing! Great job, Barry! :D
Lol I can baptize children in this thing ... Well I'm an atheist ... I can cook all the babies I want ????????
By the time you've pissed about the night before getting all the ingredients ready in separate, covered compartments, you've spent almost the time you would have done cooking it fresh in the morning...with more crocks to wash. Sounds like a ploy to sell slow cookers to me.
Are You dutch? Your titel and Description is in Dutch?
i got that refrence
Tory
try a salad.
"I love, I am absolutely addicted to Fried mushrooms. I once ate a bowl of them" I'm absolutely addicted to beer, I had a pint once.
Mate could you just cook the breakfast without talking
I get a sneaking suspicion I purchased my slow cooker from the same Argos you purchased yours. Grabbed a few ingredients from Sainsbury's at the same time.
So I have done this before I am American so its more American tho I do the mushrooms I put a little butter in with them the eggs you have put it in a bowl of water to keep the heat down and prevent scorching or put it in towads the I do hashbrowns in place of the beans and tomatoes and I cheated and used frozen hashbrowns just added the onions and I put directly on the bottom of the crock and then put the bacon on top if them all you have to do is at the end of cooking I pulled the bacon off the browns and added cheese
Great Mr Majeika reference. Still use that reference myself describe unruly tufts of hair.
Why? Using a slow cooker for breakfast is idiotic.
That was a great trial. I would be inclined to add a little water to the bottom of the slow cooker dish before adding all the stuff, then everything would steam and cook more evenly. This method was never going to produce a good fried egg but since an omelette only takes two minutes to make - about the same time your toaster and kettle takes - then I would cook them separately at the end. Great video, thanks!
Cling film carcinogenic, when heated ( like all plastics) - avoid contact with food
I've seen you through Ashens channel a bunch of times. Then I watched the rotten Herring video and got onto this channel. When I saw where you went to buy the slow cooker I was tickled pink! I also live in sunny old Heston Blumenthal! Honestly, I'm so entertained!
did you get this idea from This Morning?
- the egg and bacon I will demolish this in 60 seconds without trying ??
Bit of butter in the mushrooms
Looks like a wether spoons breakfast
Dumb.
Your daughter has got great manners, good to see. Keep on dadding bro.
lol worth watching for your wife's reaction, I think it's a no
“Do you want a egg :D” “No thank you o-o” xD
Barry, sometimes you are such a dad xD
Pretty sure crockpot is like Kleenex not what it is, just a common brand
Your a brave man.
I’d rather walk down the cafe ,cheaper and no washing up
I'm late with watching this video, but my god @3:49 that editing LOL I nearly busted my gut
Beautiful family!
Should have put the bacon on top the mushrooms...
Excellent video. Thank you for it. I once knew a family back in the 1980's whose only meal together was breakfast, so they would set a whole dinner (or breakfast casseroles) up in 2 Crock Pots before bed time, and would have the family meal of dinner (or breakfast casserole) in the morning.
They are small bowls, not ramekins!
Where are the hash browns
I would have put butter on the mushrooms to stop they drying out
An actual decent ad? Jesus I’ve been blessed
Well played lad feed it the kids first to make sure its safe
Just get up 5 minutes earlier to cook your breakfast... lazy
wow..wish swedish kid was that well behaving
Word to the wise, if you attempt something like this again, instead of putting the egg in with the rest of it, put the egg a bit later, also, add grease the outside of the bowl(so a bit of butter or margarine) to prevent it from sticking. My mother also adds the tiniest drop of water when she cooks an egg in the microwave, which helps it from drying out.
I can only imagine the comment gold Gordon Ramsey would have on this breakfast.
A slowly baptised child.
What is better than one slow cooker? Two slow cookers
I don't get the point. You could fry this stuff in about 10 minutes.
Looks like dog food.
“Wanna try an egg?” Looks at egg “No thank you...*
Just lazy idea
Try slow cooking a curry
Your child is very polite.
Try smoking bacon!
why not put a baby monitor overseeing your kitchen so you can leave your electronics overnight? (also make sure to check the voltages lol). if anything should happen, at least you'll get to see it. plus it should make for additional amusing footage!
Man your girl is so cute and polite. Honestly she gave me a huge smile. You both look so a like, very similar eyes. Just after she tried the bacon, you look like a huge kids :) Esp at 8:37, really want to make myself a full English. You are one lucky guy.
Needs hashbrowns.
T H E S I M U L A T I O N I S B R O K E N
Should've slapped butter on those mushrooms Barry!
6:51 us man at our finest as there is a kitchen towel we should of used
I love a good ol' English cooked breakfast.... ?????????? + ? ??????
10:26 first world problems
Nice Argos in Weston super mare ;)
Eggs always go a funny colour if you season with salt and pepper before they are cooked.
Barry, Mate ...you NEED to try an electric pressure cooker! picked one up on sale for £15 changed my life! like a reverse slow cooker ! beef stew in 25 mins!!
I’d have put a bit of butter in with those mushrooms.
That first slowcooker is a definite wedding present.....
Wow. That bacon looks like it's ALL MEAT! I want it!
Ready by tea?... maybe
You need to sort out the way you hold your utensils, very working class
Damn you acknowledge the video games isle.
Dude your head looks massive
Ewww cross contamination, raw meat and beans... yukky yukky
Slow cooking and making breakfast :D two totttally different things . . : D
Try mixing the bacon and shrooms together.
Black pudding man
2:06 And then you can sell your slowcooked baptized children with a side of big oil for dipping to bankers and CEOs all over the world! You know that's what they have for breakfast anyway it just hasn't been streamlined so you'll be like ReptiloiDonalds
Breakfast is for gays
Y
try steaming some sausages it will blow your mind, they dont look cooked but oboy are they ever.
You look like a slimmer, younger Ricky Gervais
Combover game is strong.
Congratulations to the original person who invented this; someone has finally has come up with a way to replicate the British Airways Business class full english breakfast at home.....
5 bowls and 1 pot to clean and cling film to dispose of versus 1 frying pan.
Did you return the Croc pot back within 30 days
Why do all British people love Pugs? Their deformed dogs that have serious health problems, They shouldn't exist
8:15. You're daughter is adorable. The food, not so much.
well you can make awesome apple butter in that, you should learn to can. you could have jars of stuff on hand. im in love with Det. BARNABY i cant get enough, of midsomer murders, you brits have some great shows.
Purchased from the laminated book of dreams, it has to be good
No black pudding? You heathen...
Your first one is the same as the one we've got!
What is the point of using a slow cooker if you are going to separate the items? Millenials never cease to amaze me, no wonder this country is fucked.
I thought the point of a slow cooker was to dump everything into the same space to make stews etc. that's how I've always used mine.
Omg Mr Majeika
British ???? plug.
"there wouldn't be mushroom for other ingredients" Hahahahah - what a fun-gi
If you put a Tiny bit of bacon on top of the mushrooms you Will like That
you can use (certain) plastic bags as compartments, so you can fit more in the slow cooker, you can also bake bread in a slow cooker.
Most important thing to note, a Rice Cooker is superior to a crock pot, while managing the same results. It has the ability to get hotter, so you only wait a maximum of 2 hours for essentially the same experience. Longer(4 hours) only when you want whole meat cuts to get soft and fall-apart-like. The best part, you can set timers on rice cookers, and after the timer runs out they will go down to their "warm' setting, which keeps things just above the temperature you would want to eat them at.
Plastic wrap while cooking? Yuck! Use aluminum (aluminium) foil!
The idea with a crock pot is for you to combine items that would go well together and allow the flavors to mingle. I would have gone straight in with the sausage and the beans, then 6 hours in(or about 45 minutes before you are ready to eat), use the sausages to wall off a clean area where you would add butter and the mushrooms. Lastly push it all to one side leaving only butter and juice from the mushrooms to cook the egg while the rest continues to slow cook. Tomatoes and slow cookers on the other hand... tomatoes get sour/bitter when they are overcooked beyond just heating them up. I would not recommend heating them until the very end. Most likely the best way to go about it would be to push the lot to one side again, and warm the tomatoes up for 5-10 minutes next to the egg. At the end you can scoop the beans first, then the sausage and bacon, then the mushrooms and the eggs, and last the tomatoes. Esentailly going from one side to the other in layers, which are subdivided by the less messy ingredients.
That egg ??
I tought you where making a fresh full english in the slowcooker
this is my mums recipe..you done most of it right..but not all of it ??
You should of put the egg the last 15 minutes and add little bit water in the egg bowl at the end of a fully hot crock pot LOL!
Looks like crapDonald's egg
Before you hate.. This popped up as a recommendation. What a brain dead low I.Q. Load of drivel. LOL!
Why are mushrooms so popular in a breakfast fry up ??????
I had a slow cooker great but unfortunately I broke mine even thou the pot it could stand heat up to 300 an be used in the oven but it exploded on the hob even thou the hob was on 3 so beware that can happen oh an the lid melted in the oven aswell ????????
awww your daughter is such a cutie
...You have the pepper in the white shaker and salt in the black one. You are doing this just to mess with us, right?
I do a slow-cooked pulled pork in mine. Shoulder or leg, shoulder is nicer. First I rub in spices then leave it in the fridge for AT LEAST 24 hours. Then you brown it off in a very hot pan and stick it in the slow cooker with some stock and a chopped onion. Now leave it for again, at least 24 hours. It will fall off the bone (if there is one). shred it with a couple of forks and serve in a crusty bun with slaw and a home made BBQ sauce.
I wouldn't worry too much about leaving a slow cooker on, as long as it's not 120v plugged directly into a 240v outlet. For 120v appliances use a 240v to 120v step down transformer, not an adaptor, the adaptors are for things that have a built in switching power supply and will overload things like heating elements.
That egg looks like something Ashens would eat...
Idea what food can you cook in an/a coffee maker? Hashtag: SinglePot
Like your fridge ??
Why do British people like beans for breakfast
Why does a chef/cook have such a small slow-cooker? My mum's newer slow cooker (rather than her 70s(?) one) doesn't seem to cook very slowly - so I worry about when/if I get my own.
Where's the hash brown and black pudding? ??
Conclusion: If you heat food, it cooks.
The disappointment in your voice when you said you were going to have breakfast at 5pm made me quite sad
Doesn´t want to leave the slow cooker on at night while at home ... leaves the house to walk the dog ...
Slow cooking breakfast beats the point of a breakfast
Should have put a bit of butter with the mushrooms
7hrs? There goes your electric bills ????
U should put some cup of water in it so it won't be dried..
No light? Too bad a letdown..
7hrs for breakfast?? Just might just cook it ????
"English plug socket" Well. You brought it in an English Shop. In England. Of course It'd be an English socket..
I often get adverts for toothpaste and mouthwash before your videos, which may be representative of what I might have to use a lot more of than normal after eating some of these bizarre concoctions. This one, however, actually looks really nice.
You should remake that horrible tinned poundland breakfast that Stuart had on his channel and do a taste comparison.
utterly sobbing at "ah! oh-ha hee ha.... BEANS."
Personally I think that you cooked it totally the wrong way. Who would put containers into a slow cooker? Well you would of course. Personally I would have put everything together into the main bowl and allowed it to cook. The tomato juice would have made everything moist anyway. Yet this is making me want to try this now, I might break out my slow cooker. Give it a go for my tea and have an all day breakfast, rather than just a breakfast.
Out of all the ways to cook bacon, a crock pot would be the last thing i'd want to use.
What size slow cooker did you get? In liters.
If you had set the slow cooker on 2 it would have cut the cooking time in half to 3.5-4 hours instead of 7
2.42 - you missed one, you should have said "There would not have BEAN mushroom"
Slow cookers are best for stews / casseroles / curries etc especially with tough meat. They can be awesome for that because everything is more or less chucked in at the same time, minimizing effort and the duration tenderizes the meat. There isn't much point doing anything else in them. The comparison to a hotel is apt because using a slow cooker this way is comparable to crappy hotel buffet breakfast.
Beans touching egg ?????
So happy about the Mr. Majieka reference. Adored those books as a kid.
Would probably be better if you put the baconstrips flat between two sheets of aluminium foil at the bottom, and then put the other stuff on top of that.
2:41 That is exactly what my chef from Preston said. what is wrong with you both!!!
Ooh, that egg though...:-(
Hmm....slow cooked.....pasta?
That is the absolute weirdest way to use a Crock Pot I've ever seen, but further proof that no matter what you put in one, it always comes out okay
Hey where’s the cute little cartoon at the start???? I love that please keep using it!
Here in the US we do not have anything like an Argos.
I don't want to tell you how to do a Full English, but I would have put the mushrooms in with the bacon maybe?
Seems like a waste of time it takes 30 minutes in a frying pan.
Aw your daughter is precious
You should do a baked potato recipe for a slow cooker!
Can't believe you bought a second slow cooker when you could have got a 6l instant pot instead and use the slow cooker function on that + so much more.
nice
Barry you NEED to coop with ashens again!!!!
Thanks for the clip. Was gonna do it but after watching don’t think I’ll bother. Also, bravo, the missus is a 10. You’re punching massively above your weight. Cheers lad.
8:19 " I dont like mushrooms, I like bacon, sasuage, and beans." me af!
Duuuuuuuude, I'd have imagined you could at least shave in those 7 hours...
I hope you finish that, didn't your mother ever teach you not to waste food
Love the mushroom pun
If you're going may anything in a CrockPot/Slow Cooker, try making your own BBQ Pulled Pork :)
you bought a family-sized slow-cooker so you could make breakfast for one.
Please can you do some recipes using a limited kitchen? (like some students have to), like 2 hobs and a microwave oven?? :)
Wheres the guy that you used to fo videos with . Are you guys still friends ?
Crock Pots/ Slow Cookers are meant to be left while you go to work, or sleep. They are actually really safe to leave on unattended. During the winter I do chili, soups, roasts, and a few other things in the crock pot. I put it all in in the morning (I organize and have everything together the night before so it's fast and easy in the am), set it to Med or High and go about my day. My grandmother, mother, sister, aunts, me, and ect all have used crock pots/slow cookers without any issue, and my uncle who's is a retired fire chief even uses one at least once a week.
Sausage wrapped in bacon...that is the hot dog you will get in Los Angeles if you buy one from a vendor off the street. AKA Danger Dog, Dirt Dog, Street Dog. Hot dog wrapped in bacon with grilled onions and peppers, and because it's Los Angeles, probably grilled jalapeno peppers as well. Topped with ketchup and mayonnaise from a squirt bottle. Possibly some pico de gallo as well. Wait. Now I'm starving.
I just love all of your videos, you are hilarious and very entertaining to watch! I have been subscribed to your channel for 3 years now, and I have to say that there isn't 1 video that I haven't laughed at! Keep them comin, "their amazin" as you always say lol!!! ????
a air fryer would do alot better
Are you killemftw's father?
I think this would all be perfect if you put the egg in a greased ramekin in the fridge the night before and then just plopped it in the slow cooker when you came down to have a shower in the morning. With all that heat in the slow cooker it would ‘poach’ by the time you were dressed and ready to eat. It’s not much different to when you make kefte meatballs and drop raw eggs into the sauce to cook at the end.
An egg in a slow cooker for seven hours? You're practically making a science experiment at that point.
You shouldn't have done the cling film on the ramicans especially the egg
Used to do slow cooker frittata for breakfast years ago. Would time it to turn on about 4am and it would be ready by 7am. Eggs, cheese, cooked potato, cooked bacon, capsicum, onion, etc...really good for frittata's...pretty sure for a full breakfast though id rather just leave the eggs and do microwave eggs lol. I have a microwave poacher, and easy to do microwave scrambled eggs as well.
HOT NOODLE TRUCK!
Just do what Ashens does, get a breakfast in a can. XD
You put butter on the mushrooms
I wish you and Jonathan SacconeJoly were friends and did a Dad video together!!
That's exactly what I want for my breakfast: It being done slowly.
Kids go to school.kids come back what you making.I'm just waiting for my breakfast to be done.
Try lasagne in it you'll never do it in the oven again
Omg he's mixed the beans with the tomato juice. I can't cope with that. Never the two should meet. Divide them with sausages or scrambled egg or something
I've never heard anyone do a Bee-Gee"s impersonation whilst dishing up baked bean's before! Also, if you had put the bacon on top of the mushrooms they would of fried in the bacon juices.
Was that during storm alli
Where do i get those salt and pepper shakers?!?
You should do a Sunday Roast in the Crock Pot with veg! It's one of the many ways we use ours.
what are the words/lyrics to your rap? You rap in the beginning of your first videos- hard for me to unstand certain words.
I was going to comment on your last video asking for some slow cooker stuff but thought that would be a bit boring haha. Evidently not ???? top work.
I tried this a couple of years ago overnight on low and OH MY GOD, it was disgusting lol. Bacon leathery, sausages sweaty, beans burnt at the bottom and the egg was the worst of all ?? Never again will I try this, but fair play. You've got to get it out of your system.
please make a giant macaron, that would be cool!
fried elvis
I would have put a slice of bacon in two ramekins and put the mushrooms inside both to get bacony mushrooms.
Flutty Japan pancake
I love a slow cooked roast dinner but it's better to cook the meat a few hours before adding the veggies. We also use ours for chilli or soups. Never thought about using it for a breakfast!
No, thank you. ????
set the tomatoes on top of the sausage... after you're done slapping yourself.
I like the haircut, sorry its been a while since I've checked into the channel ??
mmmm that's so noiiiceee
As someone who prefers chewy bacon, that bacon leather does actually sound pretty good. Like something between bacon and jerky. I think crock pot would probably be a good way to cook a whole load of sausages all at once for like, a big group. You might have to move them around every so often so each one gets a chance to brown against the sides, though.
Mmm, pigs in a blanket!
Hey Baz. Well done with the breaky. I did the exact thing (except the egg plus i add butter and minced garlic on the mushrooms) in my 5.5 litre slow cooker at 4:30am after a poker night with the boys...... DRUNK. The result is kinda like the same as yours, the leather bacon, the juicy tomatoes, ect, but it's good if you're hungover. Don't worry about leaving your slow cooker on unattended coz it's designed this way as much as this grilled cheese toaster is designed for arson. Cheers from Australia dude
You missed one there Barry.. Moist-rooms. MOIST-ROOMS. Get it?! ??
next week on barshens, barry, stuart and eli eat motorcycle leather.
I really like how at the end of the last few videos you play your original theme song you used to start your videos with bring you back to your roots Barry
"it's nice......but leathery" story of my life....
Come over and live in the Netherlands, we’re only having samdwiches and tea/coffee/milk for breakfast and using the slowcooker for dinners! Plenty of time to do your bacon in a skillet ????
Maybe the mushrooms would go well with a bit of a butter sauce? To keep them moist and tasty
I died at "No, thank you" part. XD
Those things are great for making pulled pork!
There's plenty of moisture in the slow cooker with the food cooking that you didn't need the plastic wrap. And why did you keep trying to pick up the hot dishes? Lol!
Breakfast for dinner is a long standing tradition in my family! Easy to do after a long day at work!
This is a great series Barry, well done.
looks like you basically hard boiled the egg .. the Yoke will turn greenish on the outside where it is in contact with the Whites will also become dry and crumbly ..
Hi I like your new crockpot hope you make some more slow cooker recipes
Bacon that sausage...
Hair looks much better ??????
Can you try the delimano pancake maker please? I keep seeing adverts on the TV and it looks like it could be quite good, not expensive either
Your daughter is very polite " no thank you ". Lol.
That grilled cheese sandwich episode was EPIC. Maybe my favorite. ?? ?? ????
You can slow cook infants in there
I'm amazed the cling film didn't just melt itself to your food after 7 hours. The egg... you basically made an overcooked hardboiled egg. That's why it was rubbery with a green yolk. Next time you try it, I suggest scrambling the egg, as you'll never get a proper fried egg in a slow cooker. NEVER will that yolk come out runny after 7 hours.
"I could baptize children in this thing!" -Barry, MVK 2018 Best gadget quote ever!
Maybe let the bacon cook half way, dump off the grease, and add the egg to it so it comes out as a bacon wrapped egg and it won;t be in the crock pot so long. you can cook all kinds of things in the crockpot. My faves are lasagna and meatloaf.
As someone who can't stand her food juices to touch, this video started out as a grand journey, but ended in a terrible wreck.
Wooooo homebase as someone who works there I love this video already!!
You should’ve put the bread in the crock pot
Great experiment, the egg is better scrambled.
This is a good way to ruin a slow-cooker. With so little surface area touching the food, the pot is likely to break from thermal shock.
I love the idea of putting a slow cooker on in the morning and coming home to a cooked dinner, but ive heard stories of fires do to them so i'd be anxious all day; its not worth it >.<
Air fryer English Breakfast, just put it on and get ready while it all cooks. Like a microwave, but healthier because it doesn't need 10 kilos of salt to keep it fresh.
Going for the barshens style outro I see. Very nice! And cool video as always
Chloe at the end omg ??????????
If you do a fair amount of crock pot cooking/slow cooker I would HIGHLY suggest the liners for them. It saves soooo much cleanup. It's a really good investment and even if you use it a few times a year, I still believe just saving time with clean up is worth the price.
Crock pot playlist pls sir Barry
I'd exchange grits for the beans.
I make lasagna in mine it tastes beautiful .
Mmm I love me some bacon leather. ??
You should try making a roast or pulled pork in it... its AMAZING!! Just dont forget to add liquids to help it from drying out.. like bbq sauce, beer, wine, sauce powder packets with water... they also make great soups..
Will you try the instant pot?
Letting ya kids try the breakfast before... just to make sure it doesn’t kill ya ??????
This recipe doesn't seem terribly wise. Slow cookers don't heat up quickly, so those sausages are going to be sat, mildly heated for quite some time....
This recipe doesn't seem terribly wise. Slow cookers don't heat up quickly, so those sausages are going to be sat, mildly heated for quite some time....
This recipe doesn't seem terribly wise. Slow cookers don't heat up quickly, so those sausages are going to be sat, mildly heated for quite some time....
Sadly Croc-pots have ruined slow cookers. Slow cookers used to heat from the bottom, but now seemingly all of them are copies of the Croc-pots design and heat from the sides. It's like they've not heard about convection. .....and if you have them half full of stew, it burns at the edges.
Breakfast for dinner, we have that a few times a year.
cling film in a slow cooker sounds...
I have a big and small slow cooker. Great for keeping food warm too
You should try doing the been with a bit of Lee & perins, some BBQ sauce and finely chopped onions. I only ever have BBQ beans!! ??
Mr. Barry's looking pretty sharp. ??
this was in the paper
I just love your videos
Isn't the pepper supposed tp go in the black one and salt in white one?
The sausages remind me of the best hotdogs in London. Every evening, after about 18:00 or so, on the corner of Herbrand St and Bernards St, across the street from Russel Square station there is a guy selling them out of a cart. If you're in the area, I recommend trying one.
jeez... do it all in a frying pan in 10 minutes max. needs to be a fryup.
Would love a series on this. Have always thought about getting a slow cooker but never thought I'd use it much. Recipe ideas would be great
I dunno its seems kind of wrong to make an English breakfast in a Crockpot..lol you need hamhock and green beans ????????
Your best videos are the ones with your family in...love them! Nice doo too Barry!??
you can cook a small chicken or turkey breast in that crock pot. it's also great for making mulled ciders at a party
I gotta ask why in a English breakfast they always add tomatoes
Why tho
Barry "I hope you are well". Can you try a Crock-Pot (slow cooker) Swiss Steak recipe? My Great Gran use to make it.
Are you gonna do slow cooked ribs?
Why would anyone do this?
Yes but he’s a fun guy lol
How to ruin any meal Put it in a crock pot
This worked out pretty well, but yeah, that was one way overcooked egg lol. I like to put an egg on some things I microwave. A little tip to doing that, I would puncture the yolk if I were you. ??????
This looks awful. Awful. Also, slow cookers are for people who forgot they have an oven, right?
I LOVE Crock Pots. I have 6 of them. Different sizes. Great for large family dinners not just for cooking but keeping food warm. Since my husband and I both work and only have an hour for lunch (we live close to work), I put food in at 7:30 or 8 am and lunch is ready at noon. Some food needs high and some (reheating) needs low or warm. I bake meatloaf in 1 person servings and freeze. Then when we want some, I put in 2 and put it on low. 4 hours later, lunch. Also great for baked potatoes (white or sweet) and mashed potatoes. Pork chops with cream of mushroom soup (no added liquid - high for 4 hrs.) is totally awesome. Spaghetti sauce can replace cream of mushroom soup. The list is unlimited! Not just for soups and stews!
I really like the music in the background now as opposed to silence
It just seems like a big to do just for breakfast for one.
Omg ur daughter is so polite ??
Goodness me Barry, the Mr Majeika reference unlocked a room of memories in my mind! Amazing! Loving your vids, keep going!
A rectangular slow cooker, like the 18 quart Nesco roaster oven might be better suited for something like this. It'd give more space for the bacon to lay flat on the bottom.
If I was buying a large slow cooker I'd get an electric pressure cooker, many of which have a slow cooker function. The new electric pressure cookers are great, you can make stews in 25 mins rather than hours, they can cook rice and lentils perfectl, make youghurt and loads of other things (sometimes they're referred to as multi-cookers). The "Crock Pot" is an excellent brand of pressure cooker, but it is a bit of a one trick pony and only a little cheaper than a multicooker/pressure cooker.
Instead of the clingfilm why not use the bacon to protect the egg, tomato and beans :D
This was such fun to watch, what with the slight vlog vibe and all <3
Seems like more effort than just using a pan and a pot! :P
I would traditional put the egg into the pan. I like the juicy yolk.
I have never seen anyone use a crock pot that way.
Where’s homer gone?
What about the black pudding Barry?
Hahah. Did you say 'Breakfast Velvet'? You should patent that name. Hahahah. I'm your first customer!
This has to be the most English thing I have ever seen. You need an intervention.
why would anyone cook a full english this way? it takes 20mins at most to cook it the traditional way and you get much better results.
Your daughter is so pretty how old is she
I like my slow cooker (not Crockpot brand), but I’ve found it’s best for things that are supposed to be mushy like soups and stews. Otherwise the texture is not so good.
My daughter was in absolute fits of laughter when you were saying ow ow ow with the hot beans!?? Also I have used a slow cooker for Apple crumble before and you can also do many desserts where you just sling the ingredients in a little stir and bam!! I saw this and glad you tried it out before me lol
The toaster really left a scar...
Phil Vickery made an upside down cake this morning on this morning in a slow cooker, can you try that?
Definitely trying this one on my day off. I just bought a crock pot last week! I love Chloe’s polite/skeptical “No thanks...” lol :)
I slow cook beans all the time, just dump the can in the slow cooker, add some butter/seasoning and leave it for a couple hours and they're lush
I found an awesome breakfast recipe which was a breakfast casserole. Onion, mushrooms, bacon, sausages, tomatoes, baked beans and eggs all layered, flavoured with chilli and paprika and cooked in the oven. I've cooked it a few times. Delicious. I bet it would work in a slow cooker but I'd be worried about things sticking to the bottom.
I loved your daughters reaction to the egg, I don’t blame her!
I know what you mean about the wind, I was playing rugby at school when it was that windy
Can someone explain to me the appeal of beans on toast?
Hair looking on point ??
May I make a suggestion about the egg? Put some cold water into the ramekin and break your egg into the water, then add the ramekin a little later on, cover with clingfilm before adding to the rest of the things in the slow cooker.
seems like a lot of work and time for a single plate. If it were a family breakfast type thing then maybe, but it really would have been easier just using some frying pans, etc.
Lazyass Tip: buy the disposable liners they sell for slow cookers and there's no clean-up! Also, set it on "HIGH" and it cooks in half the time.
Is it just me going mental because the cling film isn't perfectly smooth?? FFS Barry!!!! :@
I know that's a traditional English breakfast (though where's the blood pudding?!), but doesn't the quantity look like it would feed at least 2 people? I was waiting to see if Barry would eat all of it.
Don't you mean a British plug Barry?
Barry, I hate to tell you this, but that's not a slow cooker - it's an air fryer!!! (Just kidding!) :-)
Your so funny .. i love your energy ????
Salt and pepper not in correct pugs. I'm triggered
Perhaps a little butter with the mushrooms and egg in the ramekins would help
Loving the haircut B, v smart. And a fry up too, excellent video.
Barry, now show the proper way to cook a full English Breakfast. Some of us in the US do not know how to do it properly.
Hey barry! Im loving these new kindof videos you are doing and by the looks of things alot of other people are too judging by the views etc, keep doing these please! Love you:)
Berry can you please do some crackpat recipes ??????
Barry your hair looks ace mate!
That's just way to long for one meal. I guess if I came home from a long day and didn't want to cook I'd be good. Honestly I don't even eat most of that lol but I like the concept
We use our slow cooker several days a week here in Pennsylvania.
I can baptize children in there! ??????
Yes I guess you could baptize a baby in that crock pot but I make soap, hot process soap and use one that size for 10 POUNDS of soap at a time! I love to see you make crazy English foods since I'm an American! Hubby and I laugh at the gadgets and I have bought a few of them too!
Toasty nightmares. ?? ??
Giant tolberone??
Oh my word! I loved the Mr Majeika books!!
Waiiitttttt I've been to that Argos ??
I love my slow cookers. Steel cut oats overnight is awesome, all you have to do is put some extra milk in the morning, depending on the consistency you like. There are so many recipes that are great for the family, you can make a breakfast casserole with hash browns, onions, sausage meat, egg and cheese. Even a pork loin is lovely in the slow cooker. I may try this recipe this weekend.
Ughh!!! Get it on the oven...Looks disgusting.
Loved the wee Stanley Baxter reference haha
thoughts on movining to UK ?
Have you looked into a step down plug? They arent too expensive in the states...
I think i might have added some butter to the mushrooms myself Barry me old mucker!
So this is for people that have a difficult time chewing ????
I cook steak in the crock pot. Any steak, any quantity. I usually add beef or chicken stock. Four hours on high...it tastes like roast. Absolutely delish.
Barry, please can you do a series of cooking meals for one person.
went pretty much as id expect....and cooking an egg for 7-8 hours...nope
We are on the same page here Barry. I love fried mushrooms to,with salt and pepper ????
What does Mrs Barry think about you buying another big kitchen appliance every week? :D
Well hello there ladies and gentlemen scrolling down the comment section!
Do more slow cooker recipes please.
I think it must be much simpler and clearly quicker aswell as tastier too, to create the great British breakfast the normal british way and FRY everything including the bread all washed down with a mug of hot tea or coffee or orange juice. Obviously the OJ wouldn't be hot that wouldn't work at all lol!! But You're right about mushrooms, they're gorgeous fried in butter on buttered toast. This video made me want tomatoes on toast now.
Good on you for not opening the lid...I was always taught...you add an additional 30mins of cook time when you open the lid. I assume its because the temperature decreases rapidly and takes time to raise back up. I appreciate this video, and wouldn't mind more breakfast ones. I love hot breakfast, but just dont have the time in the morning.
For the longest time I could not figure out why I crave full English breakfast until I did my 23andMe I am 74% British which explains to me why I have always been fascinated with Great Britain
Barry try a whole chicken or smth in thw crockpot XDD its gonna be so tender
I own a 7 liter crock pot that is programmable - you might try to find one on sale for your family as it is rather large compared to what you are using - awesome video to use tho :-D
at first i was bummed out about the vlogs going away but the fact you have changed the video style to sort of incorporate them makes me happy keep up the good work
I cook my breakfast on a plate in the oven (but admittedly this crockpot recipe is easier if you have to cook for a few people) Preheat it to 180c. Put sausages on the plate and cook for ten, put the bacon/black pudding in for another 10 mins. Add tomatoes, mushrooms, beans etc (you do have to shuffle things about) for another 10 mins. Depending how well done you like the egg, you can put them in at the 20/10 minute mark. You can also do toast in the oven of butter it to make fried bread, although this is best done separately. So.. you can do a whole breakfast with only one plate to wash (and cutlery).
Couldn't you put a bit of water in the bottom of the pot, to keep your food from drying out? Then you wouldn't need the cling film.
Pre sliced mushrooms WTF
What happened to the cartoon graphic at the start? Loved that! Can you show us how to make crumpets please :)
I don't blame you for not wanting to leave appliances on at night, but as long as you're using plugs that are rated and made for your voltage and country, you should be fine. However, I understand perfectly why you don't want to. I wouldn't either.
Try biting the egg up like your doing scrambled mite turn out better
Thats not an english breakfast, you're missing black pudding :P
I'm only 2:04 into this already and am cracking up so loud that my bf swatted at me to stop cause he's sleeping. The Euro plug! I could not help laughing at that after the disaster that was the grilled cheese death trap.
You should try some slow cooker carnitas. I've noticed you like the Old El Paso style tacos with hard shells, lettuce, tomato etc. That's how I always had them growing up myself. But you can make some proper Mexican carnitas in a slow cooker, if you want to try those.
Prison tip, you can ‘fry’ an egg in a mug in a microwave in seconds.
I saw that on this morning this morning hahha
It bothers me that Barry always buys new appliances for his videos instead of borrowing them from neighbours or buying them second-hand.
I love to experimenting with crockpot. I leave the pot with lowest heat before going to bed and woke up with lovely smell of chickpeas in the morning. I think the tastiest food I ever cook with it were chicken soup. ohh soo tender and moist to the bone and natural sweet. it's different from cook it with pressure cooker.
I don't think Mrs B enjoyed it by the look on her face ????
Now, it's time for portable soup!
More slow cooker recipes please! <3
@2:46 Warning!! Warning!! Dad joke... Ugh... You want to beat your egg into what will become a fluffy omelet in a ramekin. (Yeah, right ... fluffy! ??)
Yay! More crock pot recipes please ~
I have never understood English breakfast. Sorry, but to me that looks disgusting :(
I'm sorry Barry but when I was watching this I couldn't help but thinking, what a crock...
Barry can you please make pigeon pie on your channel and I am sorry for asking again
Is that egg from levi's beard?
3:40 is that the music from how to make sushi? If so ye both should colab
If you want to try more slow cooker recipes get a copy of Not Your Mother's Slow Cooker Cookbook by Beth Hensperger. I have a copy and really enjoy those recipes.
Not leaving it overnight...The evil slowcooker killed Jack! JK
Your wife and kids are adorable
Crock Pot is just a brand name of slow cooker. I guess just calling all slow cookers a crock pot is an American thing though. My slow cooker is one of my favorite kitchen appliances. I've used it for all manner of meals/dishes, from breakfast to dessert. ??
“What about the toast?!” Couldn’t stop giggling on this part! ??
I really like the new ending of the videos Barry..
InstaPot!,
What, no black pudding? Very interesting experiment, Barry. I would have left off the cling film, but to each his own experimental method. Another enjoyable MVK video.
Well, unlike the US voltage toaster thing this crockpot is set up for UK voltage, so perfectly safe to leave overnight... :P
Yassss Barry! MUSHROOMS ARE THE BEST THING EVER! Craved them in my pregnancies and my mum craved them when she was pregnant with me ?? Love the Hair BTW ??
That recepie must be yoaking your cracking Barry
Your daughter is so polite!
Slow cooker rice pudding is the best.
So much toxic plastic. Cancer in a pot.
Have you thought of using an instapot?
HI BRITISH PERSON!
That mushroom joke deserved a thumbs up for the video!!!! I laughed!
You should do a giveaway for your book! (I really want one ????)
Are "slow" cookers designed for Brexiteers?
Hye Barry !!!
Barry, you do leave electrical stuff unattended or do you plug out your fridge everytime you leave the house ?? I was skeptical at first with my slow cooker but leave it do it's work while I'm out to the office ??
I love ur videos
Am I the only one bothered by cooking with plastic wrap?
Breakfast at 5 pm ... sums up my life basically
Can I give you a chef tip wrap the food in foil first and use foil on top of the bowls wrap the bacon in foil and the sausages you'll have a nice breakfast
I could baptize children in this thing ??????
Now I'm hungry :P
Love this!! My partner and I love a cooked breakfast!! He tagged me in something like this on Facebook ?? I better buy a bigger crock pot! Can barley fit a sausage in mine ??
He made a good breakfast while i had a salad
Nr 8
nice I just made my breakfast now I get to watch you make it yours while I eat mine
Alright Barry
I've done this for ages it works a treat for me...
Do you like it better than the air fryer?
Great video!
I love your videos, every day I get home I check if u have a new vid cuz u are awesome
Hey first comment:-)