After 20 minutes od watching, I still don't know anything about picture quality. - The most important feature!
Why are there no images screenshares of what the experience is like? WTF? Other channels do this.
i find the oculus go extremely uncomfortable. it digs into my checkbones. also, 'space' travel is not real. the surface of the earth is a flat plane covered by an impenetrable dome. the sun, moon, and stars are very small and actually inside the dome. below its surface the earth extends to untold depths. outside of the dome is not 'space' but water
Thank you for bringing the news regarding standalone vr sets. can you also do a review of the Vive Focus?
So at the moment the Go is the better deal!
Here's an honest review: Very few apps support 6DOF. Although it's nominal effort by the developers, it's still effort which means they have to pay for it. They have to spend money on development time to create a new build to support 6DOF. Then you have the Daydream platform which has perhaps only 1/4 of the number of applications available in it's store. The quality of the apps (graphics, complexity) feels a generations behind GearVR and if you look at Oculus Go exclusive titles like Thumper, it feels a few generations behind. With the Lenovo Mirage the customer is paying an extra $200 (over the Go) for poorer quality experiences with the novelty of 6DOF for a few dozen apps that happen to support it. As a product the Lenovo VR has been a failure, while Go sales have slowed down, it has a strong launch and has been a success. I'm not trying to beat up Daydream or the Lenovo Mirage, but customers deserve honesty before they drop $400 on a product that has so far failed in the market. Developers have been given no incentive to update their apps or create new apps specific with 6DOF in mind (why the hell would they, with only one horribly selling product on the market to support it). Perhaps Google's WorldSense technology does have a future and we will see a revised Daydream viewer to support it (that would be nice), but an Oculus Go
End of the day, what it comes down to is, which one is better for porn? lol
Two questions: settings or app allowing audio EQ? And is local streaming via URL possible?
Copying Oculus Go
It might just be my OCD, but shouldn't the little houses on the Space Invaders t-shirt have at least some damage?
Please tell me if I am missing something. this vr headset is 400$ I'm on oculous rift page and they are selling rift for same price. why would anyone choose the Mirage solo over a rift? Now don't get me wrong. I'm still learning about vr after trying it at best buy for the first time. I'm actually curious; I only tried the oculous rift and go. But from what I understand unlike the oculous go that is 200 witch actually has an acceptable reason for such downfalls; being that its made for a budget. while this standalone comes with most of the downsides and also one or two benefits but seems to pale in comparison to the rift. why would I put out similar price to an oculous rift when I can get the go and have a similar experience that is actually cheaper?
Great video. I made my decision. It is oculus Go
I wish you guys would update your review. There is so much you guys have missed and some of your info is incorrect. :)
Oculus Go seems like best deal for watching movies
What's the IPD on this thing? My google fu failed me.
I can't believe you're Oculus shills. I used to trust this channel for VR reviews. But now? Ehhh fuck it. 6dof? This is by far the beast non-tethered headset by leaps and bounds. No shit software support will catch up. You gushed and sucked the Oculus Go's dick for minutes, and the tone of this review is nothing but negative Nancy despite being a clearly superior headset. If you don't back 6dof, then get fucked. $200 price tag be damned.
Best mobile headset that exists right now.
Would be nice to see review of Htc Vive Focus from tested.
What is the best android VR for gaming???
I have an Oculus Go and a PSVR but I'm debating. The Google apps store is the deal breaker. Go is great for media and PSVR is great for games. The Lenovo option is enticing...
We need voice commands in VR: computer, thea, earl gray, hot
Great reviews guys !
Hmm.... getting there... still not there yet. Maybe a Mirage 2 it'd fix these things and the software would be there?
This thing ought to also be a 3D camera right out of the box. They have a lot of nerve saying you have to buy a separate $300 camera.
14:55 your wrong you do get points for accuracy .
Vr are expensive toys meanwhile iphones are >$1000
9:38 no not whatever , thata a big deal these headsets are made for this reason to lay down and relax in vr
Still miss the time Norm never left the initial room in Dreadhalls lol.
That lenovo head weight distribution piece looks very similar to ps vr
why does VR suck so badly now?, with oculus having their own store and google with their own "store". Everybody wants to be like America Online back in the days. Also, android, google and microsoft "stores"; why does everything suck so badly? We're surrounded by retards.
so stupid to have something in the back of the head; you can't lie down. Can't trust Lenovo to do anything right. They've failed at absolutely everything they've done since they acquired or became Think from IBM.
$400? How about 600 Euro here in the Netherlands? (05 15 2018) Same for the Oculus Go 32 GB, not $200 (say 180 Euros) but 250 Euros We are clearly being ripped off in the EU, I guess that ppl in the US just won't pay that much for this stuff (US economy is on its ass) Imo, that still is no reason to charge us 25 to 33 percent more in the EU
I know next to nothing about VR. I do know that I'm not a huge fan of the control methods from what I've seen. Can Skyrim VR be played at the desk using a mouse and keyboard? The headset just for looking around and WASD for moving, the mouse for aiming etc.
I'm never putting a Zuckerberg on my face – ever.
You actually do get points based on where you hit a box in Beat Saber. You can get up to 10 additional points for striking a box through the center. Additionally, you are scored by how forcefully you strike the box. A perfect strike is 110 points. 10 for a center hit and 1 to 100 for force os hit.
Hey guys, great video! I had a quick question. I shoot 360 photos and videos with a gear 360 camera. Can you view these photos on the Mirage Solo? Thank you! vgv
After literally ZERO mention of the word "Daydream" at "Google I/O 2018", isn't "DaydreamVR" dead ...? lol
hmm 75hz all the time
Theres no point in limiting yourself to a 3dof "final consumer version" of a of a fast changing technology like VR now that there are 6dof headsets available. Developers will be on Daydream now that the technology is ahead. Its not just about who has the biggest audience if it were that then they would be making mobile games instead of VR. What this amounts to is you're gonna see cool stuff start to come out for Daydream and for Oculus Go you're gonna see, well...stuff.
I've been watching this video on and off all day, I'm only 7 minutes through... Mobile VR is boring.
Best VR headset but very few apps. They should build a huge appstore.
Pico Neo CV
Here's my hot take comparing the Lenovo Mirage Solo to the Oculus Go. I stuck the Lenovo Mirage Solo on my face for a few hours yesterday. What a hunk of JUNK! My reasons the Oculus Go is the best Standalone VR solution: Oculus has a browser. Lenovo doesn't. No web, no go! (Update! Google has confirmed Chrome is coming to the device. Early launch to take the wind out of Oculus Go's release anyone?) Oculus works in the dark. Lenovo has cameras for tracking. Turning off the lights sends the screen sailing to a random location. Oculus has built in audio and a headphone jack. Lenovo is headphones only. Oculus has social software options for meeting up with friends, playing games and watching media. Lenovo has the YouTube app. (An Exclusive!) There wasn't a Hangouts app in the play store. Basics are missing! And finally, price. I got the $249 64GB Oculus Go. I paid a sale price of $350 for the Lenovo. The normal price is $399 It all adds up to a Lenovo (Google Daydream) Failboat! I'll be sending mine back to Amazon.
I'll wait for the software to develop to 6dof!! I mean. . .isn't that really what VR is supposed to be? Otherwise - it's just 1/2VR! I would definitely drop $400 is the apps were true 6dof.
Released straight into obsolescence because the Daydream platform is the kiss of death.
Great unbiased review
I freaking love beat saber lmao, tried it on my vive yesterday!
Great! I can play ETS the way I want to!
This type of VR is the future. Once they have 6dof controllers, cheaper price and room scale games like Pavlov ported over - people will really start buying this. I love my vive but being tethered can be a pain. Imagine being able to chuck this in your back pack and going to the park with your friends and playing roomscale Pavlov in a huge field! Yes you would look a bit weird but dam it’d be fun.
The nicest feature is 6 DOF and you play standing in one place... Bravo!!! :P
I can't wait until Oculus Santa Cruz is out. That device looks promising.
No speakers on the lenovo mirage solo kind of really sucks, you have to wear headphones to hear anything, that really kind of defeats the purpose of a portable vr headsets, almost made a mistake in buying it, got the oculus go instead
I think they should allow gear vr controls and gaming plug and play just by choosing which controller type stating which controller is needed for game type would boost sales for companies and make it all cost effective for people buying and making gear vr and Google happy which makes people happy.
11:20 Longer battery life. That's good.
VR Boxer lets you import any music, it does beat import Calulating. And you can choose nany different thing,bebvitonments themes etc. I did boxing to Olivia Newton John's 'MAGIC' HEHE.. ABBA next then AQUA! Hehehe
VR sickness is 100% due to low intelligence...Mind over virtual matter! I can go all day doing 360 rotating spinning rollercoaster in VR and be just fine. Really stupid people can't tolerate it at all...
I'm enjoying my Oculus go! It's a very good travel headset it's fun easy to use! I am still thinking on the ( Mirage) you I'm a come back to it in a couple of months and see what's going on with it! spending my money in the future I'm very interested in oculus santa cruz! Will be released by the end of the year or middle of next year?
You had mentioned web browsing was a pretty disappointing experience with the Go. Is it the same situation with the Mirage?
You can walk as far as you like and you can turn off the safety protocols via a checked box in the settings 8.50 into this video shows a guy doing just that https://youtu.be/VhjZxLPmM9s at 9.49 he shows the settings.
Bottom line only way vr Will truly be 100% complete is when they create motion track bands for your arms legs and torso or basically a entire vr suit you have to wear
This seems like an awkward in between in terms of price and content. Funny enough, you can buy one of the Windows Mixer Reality headsets for pretty much the same price, and experience probably just as much VR content on an "average" gaming computer. Granted, it requires a capable computer, but you get so much more from it. We'll see what Gen2 of these standalone headsets bring. But still a good first step.
How much Mobile Radiation goes to your HEAD?
beat saber actually does give you more points for cutting the cubes symmetrically so accuracy is scored
You can turn off the graphical fadeout. It's called "Enable safety graphics" under Developer Options. Turn it off, and you can fully walk around in that Blade Runner game (as demonstrated on the Lon.tv youtube channel).
So it can do proper 6 dimensions tracking but it's still basically a phone VR? At that price, what the hell is being accomplished besides a bad impulse buy? Even if you don't have a PC that can run a Vive or a Rift, you could always go for one of those Mixed Reality Headsets. They're cheaper as is, and you don't need an expensive PC to run them either, most modern PCs could run it just fine (so long as you have something that isn't just meant to browse the internet and create word files).
I wish they oculus or Lenovo can play job simulator and other pc comparable
I hope they make a new dual controller for the GO like on the rift. Or make the rift ones work with the GO. So we can play more games and also introduce better Bluetooth control for headphones and keyboards.
they have better lenses right?
If you gret a 6DOF all in one with 6DOF all in one controllers, then i think you will have a product.
RPO anyone?
this stuff is useless dust collecting garbage
Its amazing! I Will buy one when i finish buying my GPU and Pc parts
Well, this explains why Oculus suddenly stealth-released the Go...
This looks better than the oculus go, but I already bought a bunch of stuff for the gear vr and if it transfers to the Go then that's what I need to get. I'd hate to have to rebuy my stuff.
Try the 300USD subpac m2 with some of your VR games. I heared its very immersive. Especially for audiophiles like Jeremy.
Amazon treasure truck has this for $50 off today in LA, still can't really justify the cost though. I'm sure porn would be great with it.
With LIV you also look amazing!
This video is 20 minutes long because you repeat yourselves at least three times on every unique idea or subject you bring up. Learn to condense your thoughts.
@Tested - Does either headsets thermal throttle like on mobile VR and have to let your mobile cool down? Does the Solo have quick charging? Can the Solo be charged while using? (Unlike the Oculus Go - They advise not to do that).
someone need to tell that asian guy he looks stupid with that hair cut, you are going bald we know
ever since this new "revolution" is still shit, no quality content, lagging like an old vr headset from the 90's. woaah a new front button!... this segment is growing horribly slowly, compared to 10 years, such as mobile phones. And the idea is older than mobiles. and now we really have to be happy that there are new colors in a game?
Worth $200.
OMG guys... You can turn the fade to black off! How did you miss that! Lon.TV to the rescue! https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VhjZxLPmM9s
At the VRLA Keynote yesterday, a Lenovo rep kept HAMMERING 6DoF like it was a deal breaker if you didn't have it. He never mentioned the controller being 3DoF or the bubble of activity keeping you from moving. I'm also shocked you guys didn't speak to the Google Apps they are keeping from the Go. No YouTube, No Google Earth. I'd like to hear how these are on the Google supported system. That's burying a lead!
Why no mention of Vive Focus?
Add in the AR parts, two hand controller as an accessory, and Chromecast receiving, and we have a winner! Ready to pay for my VR gym membership.
How does position tracking work in the dark?
I heard you can turn the safety option off the Mirage) - screen goes black when you walk too far ??
Like it's so tough to stick your phone into the gear VR. You guys are disappointing. Even though I do like the Oculus go!
All I can hear is 6dof vs. 3dof while people forget that costumers thinks in platforms not in hardware specs, so the pure hardware capabilities worth nothing on the market without proper software support. Daydream is a mobile phone platform so developers won't make content only for mirage solo, means there won't be too much content in the future that supports 6dof. Also if the initial price is high - regardless the device's price/performance ratio -, less people will buy it and there will be less content supporting it. If there's not enough content, a later price drop will not increase the sales since there won't be any reason for customers to buy the hardware. This is the "chicken and egg" problem they are talking about in the video. Oculus made the Go 3dof for a reason: to reduce the initial price and be compatible with the existing gearVR content so there are hundreds of software available right at the start. I think this is why mirage solo will have marginal share on the VR market: it can be a superior hardware for the price if it fails as a VR platform.
Hey guys, I've been working on a WebVR conversion for our simulation software at work. It works great with the Oculus Rift. Do these stand-alone VR headsets fully support WebVR 1.1? With the 6DoF? Is there a (free) app for browsing WebVR websites? Are you guys aware of WebVR and it's development?
Will you be reviewing the HTC Focus?
Here we go! Just bought one of each.
It would be nice if we had a Mirage Solo comparison with Vive Focus
nahhh ima pass on this one, $600 in Australia for a basic vr experience...Nope
U can disable the safety zone and walk there is a video upload today this device is better than oculus
what is the intro song????????????
So, it's Audioshield?
Great to see the mobile VR progressing well. Still happy with my vive but can't wait for the next gen.
FYI points aren't based on how hard you hit for Beat Saber, it's how wide your swing is. So basically swing with your whole arm not your wrist.
Seems blindingly obvious that a chaperone feature should be included as a basic safety feature.
So sad how Google isnt advancing VR in a meaningful way. Oculus has simply a better package, as of now that is. Cant wait for Santa Cruz or anything similar 6dof from any company who knows how to utilize it ...
Why didn't you try the Blade Runner exclusive game that comes with this headset? I'm pretty sure it takes full advantage of the 6DoF tracking.
new intro please!
$400. Positional tracking and no way to know if you're gonna fall out the window and die? ??
Not including speakers is a good thing because others won't hear the moaning. You can just use your ear buds.
Lol just throw a beat saber review in there will yOu
Awesome channel guys!!
Or since these are just phones use phones for VR. Phones are upgraded every year or two so it will constantly get better. For IOS you already know what the spec will be. You just need a standard. Daydream is a good standard expand it to iOS and market it and they can get an edge.
I almost didn't notice that they posted this video about Beat Saber on 5/4/2018.
7:55 Yup, the Lenovo one still doesn't have a trigger, just like the daydream, so they have learned NOTHING. Idk, that might be a deal breaker for me. It's one damn button but the one damn button I NEED. Btw what's the built-in storage capacity? How high can the external capacity be? How long to charge the headset with type-c? Can a bluetooth controller(for games) be linked to this? Does it have bluetooth? Please, a little less geeking out about the 6 point tracking and more about what the hardware can do. Thank you.
400$ is not bad actually. A phone + gear VR with a decent framerate can cast waaayy more than that and you would have a worse experience than with the Lenovo Mirage. The Gear VR doesn't support 6DOF in any way. It's NOT a bad price!
I wish more people would mention Windows Mixed Reality when talking about games. I mean if you look on steam on the Beat Saber page, it says it supports Vive, Rift AND WMRs. Esp when the Video talking about it is talking about these new low cost headsets when WMR's can be had for $200 AND have a higher resolution screen than a Vive or Rift.
So I both both of these are kinda useless. If I want to play 360 videos then the $10 walmart VR headset that works with your phone(any phone) can do that just fine. If I want to play a game than 6dof and tracked controllers are mandatory for enjoyable VR. If you want to play games and only have 200-400 than a Xbox or PS4 is a better decision.
Awesome??, two Projections episodes in one week! Keep the VR news coming guys!
Will we have Samsung Oddysey review?
Missed a comparison of screens in practice?
They sort of give points for accuracy, you get more points if you slice the box in two perfect halves. Doesn’t matter the angle.
So did Lenovo put a "We'll black list your ass if you talk shit about our screen, lenses and battery life" condition on that review unit and it was so bad that you just decided to leave it out all together? Or did you guys just forget to talk about that stuff?
Nice review. I'd love to see a review of the mirage camera and how the vr180 photos look (on mirage solo vs Oculus GO vs Daydream)
I don't have a HUGE desire for a standalone VR headset but at $200 the Oculus Go is just cheap enough for me to think about giving up positional tracking to watch pre-downloaded Netflix shows/movies on a 10hr flight. Will the missing DoF be too much of a barrier for me as an HTC Vive user? I guess my best bet is to hope I can try both out at a Best Buy or something.....
Still doesn't look like you'll be able to play games that are comparable to the ones on Rift/Vive/PSVR with the Solo's controller only allowing 3DOF.
Grams? Hello....? We live in America here...
Still waiting for VR to git gud.
Awesome. Different is better and Lenovo the best
watching and commenting in my oculus go ??
Wonderful.
It's been how many years with VR headsets and they're still this expensive.... it'll live on as a novely or priviledged device unless they bring the prive down to its expected price
Have Lenovo or Google commented about how many apps they expect to update to 6DOF? This review was an eye opener for me and I might go for the go
$400 and no speakers and gimped software
I picked up beat saber and it's fantastic. I can't wait to get off work so I can hop back in.
Classical music would be great for that game. Stand there like Mozard.
Hope you guys share some of your thoughts on the new oculus halv dome prototype
there's no way you can lean back with the mirage but the pressure on you face is not there. if i was in a bed i would choose to go.
$400! HAHAHAHAHAHAHAAHAHA aAAAAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA rift is better
Could you theoretically go outside in a huge football field and walk around in VR with this?
just love vr.
now this is what im willing to pay double the price of the window mr based headset . instead of the oculus one. tho i will wait for more content to come out .
Damn son, this absolutely kills the Go! Pretty much every problem that the Go has is solved by this thing.
The rigid strap makes it hard to travel with despite being more comfortable
I'm guessing the FOV is the same as the Go and other headsets since it wasn't mentioned, but what about the lenses? Are they Fresnel? Does the device have any god rays? Any SDE/brightness differences between this and Go? I feel like you guys glossed over the most important things - the display and optics!
For the cost go with Windows Mixed Reality Headset or oculus Rift. Especially if you have a PC that can run it. Get best of both in Experiences and VR Games.
I just returned my Oculus go. it has the problem as any VR headset I have tried. the screen gets blurry on the edges. it's clear only when you look at the screen dead straight center. it sucks I got all excited ??
Boycott Projections until VR praying mantis makes the intro reel!!!
To everyone interested in BeatSaber, also take a look at McOsu which is free on steam! It uses the beatmap library of the f2p game osu!, with thousands of community hand-crafted maps and you hit circles which fly towards you. Loads of fun, TRY IT!
400 dollars?! That’s BS! Sure it’s a good headset, but the full psvr package only costs 350 if you have a PS4 and even that package comes with a game, higher quality tracking mechanics, and a bigger game library. Not worth the buy whatsoever, especially if you already have a good pc or a PS4.
well u can walk around with the focus..... all this needs to get that is an update
I really don't see VR working yet with today's tech. Doesn't seem fun to get nausea or to be restricted to a certain space or movement speed. I wanna go all out, not halfway out keeping in mind the furniture around you. Until then, imma wait instead of buying these things.
Once 3dof dies and we all have tracked controllers, all of VR will be unified under one control scheme.. There's nothing in the way of us playing something like Rec Room across all platforms. That's important for VR to be adopted. Common games for all platforms.
Going for go
What is the battery capacity of such a headset?
You guys going to do a video on the OnePlus 6 when it comes out this month?
Reviews can be concise you know, these are more overviews than reviews imo
The Oculus Go has some light leak in the nose area. What kind of light leak does this headset have? Additionally, how much light is needed for the 6DoF to work? I tend to enjoy VR more when I'm in dim to no lighting to prevent any chance of light leak. I worry these front cameras need a good amount of light to properly work.
How long before I get heat throttling issues like current daydream phone VR
Hey Tested, could I ask how Lenovo Mirage Solo's 5.5-inch LCD display compares to the fast-switch LCD inside Oculus Go in terms of brightness and SDE?
I'm glad this works off of Daydream, because I already bought the Go and it's nice to know if I buy this I have the different set of content.
This is awesome!
Can we expect a Lenovo Mirage Solo Revisited Review in a month or two? Give devs time to build and accommodate the 6DoF. Daydream missed the boat by not having titles ready to go at launch.
Any word on the lens quality compared to Go?
Norm and Jeremy, as always your VR news game is on point. Love your channel.
I think $400 is too expensive for this type of product. Either get a go and enjoy mobile vr or buy a rift for $350 and enjoy full scale vr.
Looks like a bootleg PSVR
How do the battery lives fair against each other?
Will just get the Go.
3DOF controllers are only interesting in the absence of a standalone headset with 6DOF controllers. This headset and the Vive Focus are going to have their lunch eaten by Oculus Santa Cruz in 2019.
what about tracked controllers??
Any idea of UK release date?
What they need to fix in VR is the price. They should make phones compatable
Honestly I see little point in these type of VR devices. They contain essentially the same components as a smartphone, so it makes more sense to use your existing, already VR capable phone.
Nobody cares if you're first post.
H
First like !! Also love the video keep it up !!