Does This Work With Buletooth Headphones
32gb after full update you only get 18gb-20gb left not that bad. I can at least keep depending on the size of the game about 25. 64gb after full update you get 55gb left. Got the 64gb for more gave saver
Its not all-in-one if you need a phone.
So it doesn't work on it's own, it requires a mobile device?
Hey Frank if only it had the latest version of the steam link beta app. I own the original steam link box and to put into perspective that is only useful for streaming from a high tier desktop. But I have successfully streamed my whole 80 games steam library from my budget laptop to my mid range/tier smartphone with no lag. Because if you didn't know it wireless streams from the hardware of the laptop/desktop, to any Android device that is version 6.0 or newer for example: any smartphone, tablet or TV stick that is run Android 6.0 or newer.
i think your monitors are upside down... noob. you should put 1 on the bottom and 2 on the top... shovel slinging spoon head
The thing that would maybe put me off is that colour shift /tint. That stuff can be really annoying.
I want this for Netflix. It would be awesome even for camping if you don't have a iridium just to watch a movie on the odd occasion if you can save movies to it like you can with Netflix on your phone.
Can anyone tell me what that wierd type of black and white Rubik's cube is at 3:03 is please. Thanks in advance.
Is this the exact same thing as the Samsung VR? I mean like software wise because when you showed the store and games it was the EXACT same as the Samsung VR.
64 Gb to save adult movies is not enough space. Average storage space for those kind of content is 2 Terabytes.
the oculus go is amazing . end off
Can I use it for porn?
Pr0n!!!!!
Does this replace ps4???
Love your bunny ears
An amazing device! Everyone should own one!
pOrn video links
6:00 you ad to mention you can put porn in it.the only reason this shit is on the market enyway
6:45
Looks like they shoved something like the Xiaomi hardware in there. Not a diss - my Redmi 5 Plus is a FANTASTIC replacement for my Galaxy Note 5. Pleased to see hardware costs coming down, while quality is getting up there!
I wish I had it but it’s so expensive !
I am human
Porn lol
I got a question so when you go into Netflix does it put you in a theater? Or how does the theater work cause that’s the feature I want soo bad
i liked the part when you took off the Go and then smoothed your flat hair .........
so pretty much.....you'll never ever use this but a few times, especially if you've got real vr systems
Can you use apps on ur phones
I have the chromatic abration problem with my glasses because I have such a strong prescription
hey frank p, great video quality, you got a great camera!
2:10 Is that Xiomi logo?
Why aren't they building these to run off computers? What I mean is, why can't they just build a display which can interact with the game, but not need to be hefty itself to run the game? Why can't they just build a display so that we can play any game we want and be able to have realistic experience?
1:27 I feel like my life just flashed before my eyes
i dont know but something about his face but it makes me want to fuck my uncle
Now that I know I can watch porn, can you also read books on it? I mean, like pdf files?
If the is no external sensors then WHY IT COSTS 200$
But can you hook it up to your PC and play your Steam games and such on it?
Would you say the 32 gbs...I mean 23 would be enough generally? Not sure if I want to shell out an extra $50 + tax for 64 gbs (or 55)
trust me u need those headphones for research
All I care about is if I can play the same games
Do you need a good phone to play the games? Because I only have an iPhone 5s
Does anyone know if(or how) I can use Google Earth with Oculus go?
For the battery level u could use a powerbank
Compare it to the Lenovo mirage solo which has 6 degrees of freedom.
im watching this on my oculus go the browser is bigger than expected.
Does the oculus go work with the game “Job Simulator”? Plz answer i need to know :)
Atleast the oculus rift has 2 controllers!! thats the only reason i wont get the go
Hi. Have you tried it on FSX, and does it work properly? Sincerely Flemming.
wa that the xaomi, logo, was this made by oculus in contibtuion wiht xaomi?
is this for the pc or for the phone
You never confirmed or denied the existence of VR porn.
This looks pretty cool
6:45 err what reason ?
take alot of money and include one remote also same as gear vr
Oculus go to the pols
READ THE PRIVACY POLICY AND TERMS AGREEMENT! Nope nope nope!
Cool review man, one of the best I've seen so far. I think social VR is going to be the next big thing, not necessarily games, but socialising and watching movies with friends who may be on the other side of the world.
Is it PC be or just VR ? If it's just VR then good but not then I m no longer interested??
Well done.
why not just get a HP Windows mixed reality headset? same price, but you get the 6 degrees of freedom and twin controllers, aswell as access to all HTC, RIFT and Microsoft VR games
Does it have Job Sim?
so this is basically a dk1?
It’s a good 360 video player, but I wish things like these would stop being advertised as VR because they’re not. Even the “games” are just interactive 360 experiences. It’s giving VR a bad or name. I’ve had so many people say to me “I’ll never buy VR, $500 for 360 video is just stupid. “ thinking that the vive and rift are like this and those other things you stick your phone into.
There’s a Xiaomi logo on it?
Ready player one vibes
"use this for appropriate content but come on, we're all human" xd #vrporn
For those that dont know oculus is the company not the product so the go and the rift are obviously different as they are two different products
Great review man !
Your logo looks like jack frags.
Will my old Samsung Gear VR games (from Oculus store) still play on Oculus GO? Probably obvious that it should, but I wanted to double check.
basically my google cardboard just a rip off one LOL
I'll just stick to the Oculus rift
i hope they make a go + in the future
ok. Out of interest, what phone have you got?
You're so wrong about the Go providing higher resolution than the Rift! The Go has a single display so it's basically 1280 x 720 per eye whereas the Rift is 2160 x 1200 per eye because it has 2 screens and both of the screens are 2160 x 1200. So the resolution on the Rift is almost twice as good as the screen on the Go.
I don't know who created Oculus Go, but I try to figure out how we get them to have Oculus Go to the Polls
why did he compare a pc headset to a phone one the best games is on pc, fuck the phone vr its not realy vr
you have pretty eyelashes
Why does it show two screens?
2 hr battery life is a killer, come on Oculus.
Wow... didn't know Oculus Go was made by Xiaomi. That's dope
Can u connect it to a pc
I am trying so hard to find a vr headset to let me play vrchat. THIS IS SO HARD TO DO! ALL I WANT TO DO IS JUST PLAY GAMES ON A VR HEADSET BUT THIS GETS SO COMPLICATED ABOUT PC'S AND JUNK! ALL I NEED IS JUST SOME SIMPLE ANSWERS LIKE DOES IT NEED A PHONE, CAN I PLAY GAMES ON IT, CAN I DO MULTIPLAYER WITH OTHER PEOPLE AND SOME OTHERS. THIS IS SO FRUSTRATING AAAAAAAAAAAAAAUGH!
Wait what 2as that mi logo ?
Do you see the pixels?
If you own a Samsung Gear VR and made purchases on the Oculus Store, can those same purchases be used on the Oculus Go?
Dude, I like your glasses. What make and model are they?
What’s up with franks and vr?
I tried it. 5min later I put it away and will not touch again. if you want VR experience, go for tethered headsets.
I’m really interested to get this for cinema movie watching experience !!! Will this work with Movies Anywhere ??? That’s where I keep my movies !! Also if this is a portable device , how does it connect to the internet when you are on the go ??? Thank you !!
Not available in Canada!
Is this thing out yet
I have that
Great overview of the Oculus Go! What has been your favorite app to use it with so far?
Amazing Colors. your eyes are so green!
I'm an independent developer and will say apart from the obvious lag this setup is exactly what is needed to turn the oculus go into a viable AR device please post how you achieved this and whether it would be possible using any android or ios phone good experiment that developers like me are looking for could the image be made to be all that is visible for instance the only image you see without the virtual space cuz if so then this is how we can bring AR to the oculus go...
is it wireless
1. Does it have Bluetooth to pair Wireless Headphones? 2. Do Apps have to remain on the phone, or alps stored on the Go? 3. How do you adjust Focus? 4. How is the Screen Door effect, if any? Thank you.
Does it have higher resolution than the Gear Vr?
The only reason I'm buying this is for porn
Phone VR sucks.
Does it over heat like when you use the Gear Vr?
This is a excellent device, I develop for one at my work and I think it's a great media consumption device but definitely not made for games. The 2 main reasons are the controller and the only 4 DOF tracking. I feel like Oculus developed this as a 'gateway drug' you buy this for £200, discover you love it but want more so you spend £400 on the bigger better brother the rift
It is not vr if it is not stereoscopic.
I've had my Go for about a month now, and I agree with everything you've said! The biggest cons for me are the frame rate and the colour shift. The frame rate isn't a big deal if the game is mostly stationary or has slow movements, but it makes me a little uncomfortable when I have to shift my head quickly. And the colour shift is annoying, not enough to make me stop using the device, but I think about it when I first put it on. Great review!!
gear vr is the best sex toy
Who here is just here to buy one for VR chat
1:28 be careful with those errors, you may make someone have a seizure
Wait 2:05 Xiao Mi?!!!? The logo is there but,why?!?!
NOLO is a great third-part add-on you should check out (I have it for my Gear VR and hope to use it on this if I decide I get one). When it comes out, can you do a vs review of this against the Vive Focus?
One of the more solid reviews I’ve seen on this device. Subscribed.
hEaDpHoNe JaCk
This is not for gamers. Most of the games are utter garbage. This is not true VR????????
I could've sworn he said that they put out a thing that said you have to be 13 to watch porn.
Wait 3 days for paycheck to get 32gb or wait 2 weeks and 3 days for the 64gb...... ugh ugh
Daydream>Oculus Go
Yeah you can porn on it I'm happy that's a buy for me
Oculus Dick
I've got an Oculus Go. It is good for 2 things. VR porn, and lightweight/gimmick games. In fact, it is great for those two things. If you want complicated and top rated VR gaming, then this won't work.
I'm tired of using my phone as the OS. It would always get hot after 15 or 20 minutes. Depending on what I play
Let's be real about what's going to make the Go a big winner this year by drawing a simple comparison: Gifts. Christmas gifts. $200 for the Go and the wide array of stuff adults and kids can do on a functional, portable, absurdly easy to use, self-contained VR headset. vs $200 for a 3DS, or $300 for a Switch. None of which is really going to blow your jaded 12 year old nephew's socks off in 2018, and your Aunt Maggie sure isn't going to use it. For the money, the gift of VR is the better choice.
2 hours battery life? I don't need 2 hours.
Is there any way to record the gameplay?
I got contacts recently and omg its amazing using the oculus with contacts instead of glasses
If this is for watching things and browsing the internet you could just buy Virtual Desktop for the HTC Vive, Oculus Rift and even Windows Mixed Reality.
VR IS SOOOOOO OVERRATED.
I want one!
Ive been trying to figure out, is the controller 6DOF or 3DOF?
I want this. :3
He made sure he said what else you can use it for! Good review!
So this allows you to watch videos and nothing else? and on a worse resolution than a monitor, so you may aswell just sit back down at your PC and watch whatever it is that you are gonna watch.
Just get a windows mixed reality headset. Some, like the hp one, are pretty cheap.
How is the accessibility for visually impaired and totally blind gamers? Do you think you can close your eyes and use it?
terrible transition from the oculus to the remote
It's an overpriced samsung vr
Get New Oculus Go 32GB white https://rover.ebay.com/rover/1/711-53200-19255-0/1?icep_id=114&ipn=icep&toolid=20004&campid=5338308647&mpre=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ebay.com%2Fitm%2FNEW-SEALED-Oculus-Go-32GB-White-Portable-Mobile-Rift-VR-Headset%2F132615878944%3Fhash%3Ditem1ee085b920%3Ag%3AxFIAAOSw1tha8hAU
Why I saw mi logo on the oculus side? 2:05
Can we use it like to play vr steam games i guess not
3:28 Doesn’t the rift have more pixels per eye?
I'm looking for something like this, but it needs to be a better experience in gaming. This looks nice but I would like to play the Oculus Rift games.
It always annoyed me when people compare pc vr to mobile vr. It like comparing call of duty to angry birds
It's Random Frank Sellout
Love how he’s the only youtuber that mentions vr porn while review
No one is addressing the lack of a viewing adjustment wheel as in the Samsung Gear VR. Please explain how you focus your view.
It's made by xiaomi?
Really interesting man, thanks for the great review! :)
Would this work with RiftCat VRidge or Trinus VR? If so could it potentially replace a full Oculus Rift?
Oculus Go takes 45 minutes to fully charge with the included 2 amps usb wall plug (included in the American version only).
Frank can the Oculus Go run regular Android apps? I am wondering if it can run my DJI Go app for Mavic Pro
This is what I call trash just buy a pc and a real headset just say in much better for ur money it's 200$ more for the other one which in my opinion is better for your money
If only it had oculus touch controllers with it.
So are you limited to the oculus apps and games?
Xiami collab with Occulus? :O
Hey man.do a monitor give away
Eyy could you do a review of the Rakk kimat xt2 mechanical keyboard? It's a cheap but well made mechanical keyboard from the philippines. Thnksss!!
Can you do the review on ligitech G910
can you watch vids on full screen there? instead of having theater background
can you install other apps like DJI GO4 APK android apps to us it to vr drone flights
Is it just me, or does it seem like when you're inside browsing for games, movies, songs and whatnot, the house reminds me of "When A Stranger Calls"...that isn't just me, right?
Does this headset have its own processor or does it use your phone? Just wondering since I have an older phone. Thanks
Can you watch Netflix over 4g or only wifi?
Facebook yuck?????????????? I wish this was made my Samsung and was pure Android/mobile VR os. Because i hate Facebook/octopus
just pay 50 bucks more and you can get a proper VR experience with window vr.. and play all steam games.. this is trash and has 6 degrees of freedom
If you used the headset straight out of the box your head must be very tiny. ??
Rainbow LED lights makes things...even more gay
Oculus Go for 3d porn
For the app do you need the oculus go or cam you use a different headset
What are your top ten vr porn sites? ??
if you substract the money for the sensors and the controllers, the rift headset costs not twice as much.
Is there a way to hook up a console to it? Since you can use it as a person movie theater basically couldn't u be able to play consles on it if ur tired of useing a 32 inch?
Its essentially Gear vr without the phone.
asdf
#VRporn
What was that smartwatch?
3:40 nice try but it didnt quite match
any chance u will try the 6dof daydream headset by Lenovo .....with 6dof it's capable of a real vr experience
Your shots are Awesome i love your videos. I hope you will rech the 1 million soon. (Im subscriber since you have 150k :) )
Do lenovo mirage solo please! Thanks for your vids!
How about the upcoming Android Steam Link to play games :D?
nice Video! But were can iI find your wallpapers?
what watch are you? :D
#RIFTMASTERRACE
Can you charge while using? I do not get why you need more space on that is it for storing game data or is it pretty much to keep your private images/videos on the device?
So could this VR headset be plugged into a computer to be used with a driving sim?
That demonstration of color shift at 9:48. The little touches make a difference.
What app was that gun game you were playing?
Where is your mom?
porn
What side do you watch when the video is in vr COMMENT L FOR LEFT COMMENT R FOR RIGHT
Why is there a Xiaomi logo at 2.12
So one thing I could see this being used with is for air travel or just long distance travel in general, just being able to get away from everything else, I'm going to Italy in a month and I feel like this would make that plane ride a lot more bareable.
why it has xiaomi logo there....and and xiaomi is the king of light in price
LOVE YPUR COOL VIDS!!
If i already have a Galaxy S8, Should I Get a Samsung Gear VR or an Oculus Go?
2 hours battery life is plenty.. You only need max 20 mins..
Can you use an Xbox controller (I kinda want to play Minecraft in VR), and how many games/apps can be stored on those 23 GB?
Hmmm I wonder what "Aproppriate" content... vr porn my dudes hell yeah
7:20 $5 smartphone? SIGN ME UP
I would use this to watch movies on a plane
“ENTERTAINMENT DEVICE*
Nah, i have the 2017 Gear VR)
he said it just when I was thinking it :D
all of the vr`s are either overpriced for pc, (mine isn`t vr compatible) or u have to put your phone in (i already have one which is made from cardboard that I got for free) unless the oculus go , so probably gonna pick that up.
Mfw 200 dollar vr porn device
Wait wait wait... The rift has 90hz OLED?!? I heard that OLED was limited to 60hz...
I use the Gear VR with my S7 mostly to watch movies. Is the Oculus Go a worthwhile upgrade? Is the picture quality much better?
That intro was incredible when you were wearing it. x3
That's one expensive google cardboard
Comparing a VR headset powered by a computer to on powered by a smart phone . lol come on people
Soo basically a samsung vr?
Its basically a useless toy in my opinion.. better go with the "real" oculus.. u can always buy a 5£ phone headset, not 200£ oculus
"You're thinking it, i'm thinking it" WHOA HEY THERE
So there are apps where i can watch 3D movies? or is it locked down in that sense
Great for media consumption, but I DO NOT recommend trying to game on 60hz fps for long sessions. It's quite nauseating. Anyone who's experienced frame drop to 60fps on Rift or Vive can tell you how puke-inducing it can get. 60hz is great for gaming on a screen, but for VR it's very easy to get motion sickness.
randomfrankp = quality
For proper VR porn, make sure you buy two controllers
Just get an Htc VIVE (Where the controller doesnt look like a d*ld*
Thanks for the tip about the glasses spacer. I’ve been annoyed about the light coming through the nose hole but now I’m using the spacer(even though I don’t wear glasses) and the light is gone.
Can u use it even if its charging? Can u display ur iPhone content like a Apple TV/ Chrome cast ?
"You're thinking it, I'm thinking it."
A 200 dollar vr headset! Wow For your phone.(You can get the same experience with a 50 one)
I wanna use this while I’m flying, I’m sure I’ll look weird on a plane with this on though.
?????? you really intro’d with a $200 blindfold
Great Review !
Great for gaming ????
How does it connect to phone Bluetooth wifi
Go oculus GO!!!!!
earth death in vr
You’re edit skills are on point??. Love the stuff, keep it up.
I kind of think this is something you buy and use for a month and than put it in the drawer after that. Not enough content and the tech is still not as advanced as we want it to be. Great review though! You covered all the points!
Wait am I missing out on VR porn?? I thought it was more a porn-adict thing but alright, if I must, I'm gonna break out my gearVR and give it a go Oculus GO is basically a glorified GearVR with no cell phone needed.. Although battery life will probably be a little worse than gearVR as that relies on the phones battery, I guess it more depends on what content your watching..
Made by xiaomi?
Approve of g13 logitech keyboard thank you!
wow Great Price Performance!
Nope, Thought the "Go" meant like a vr type overlay of the real world so I could do Mario bros Go or Donkey Kong Go.
Love the intro ?? keep doing what your doing
1 week later lol
I would rather have google cardboard
That intro tho
2:06 why is there a xioami logo?
uhhh did i see a dbrand grip??? mine just came today. sadly my samsung s7 edge fell down and broke... it is half usable some thing can be seen but some are just black and it really slows me down and restricts me and i don´t even have he money to buy a new one or repair it... but the case seems to be awesome
6:45 oh yeah, lets go frank!
“They even say to use appropriate content, but we’re human” LMAO ??????
2:06 Why is there a xaomi logo?
notification squad all the way! love your vids frank!
i bet he watched porn already lol
Apropriate content CRINGEY UGANDAN KNUCKLES DEAD MEMES INTENSIFY
???? 4
Pin me dad
ayy nice Franky daddy
Great vid frank.. luv the content.. keep it up.. thanks for helping me decide... Sense idk what i should buy
Siick
You are literally the best at reviewing technological items! I have bought so many things after watching your in-detail reviews on items.
This is awesome! fav youtuber
Cool VR!!!
Notifsquad! Can't wait to watch the video
No one cares .st
Great product!
I freaked out when I saw him at the beginning
Hi
Second
1
First
Like before the video
5th