I can't buy gear RV for my kid but his iPhone that problem. that why.
PLEASE CAN I KNOW IF THIS PRODUCT CAN WORK WITH SAMSUNG GALAXY NOTE EDGE
Samsung should come up with an improved S-Pen which, when used together with the phone's camera, acts like a pointing device in the VR user interfaces just like what the mouse does in the two dimensional displays. And strapping Gear VR on your face then slowly pulling out the V-Pen (I want to call the improved S-Pen a V-Pen, as in Virtual Pen ;)) will have out of this world level coolness.
Will temper glass on my note 4 effect the picture quality?thanks
and also tip of advice take your oculus off first  when talking ok or make a narration while in the video because your talking like an idiot really no offense...
Great for making you look like you have tourettes and autism in public. :p
This or Google Cardboard?
good
December 1st $200
So is there any way to connect your PC to it? If not, I wouldn't pay more than $10 for it. If its an oculus subsitute, I would pay well over $100
runescape anyone?
Looks like Stevie Wonder had something to do with those VR. Epic stuff for sure,.
Would you be able to watch movies etc? Or like youtube?
Something many people don't understand is innovation. Yes there will a lot of shitty tech coming out in the years to come, but if we don't try to push ourselves, and actually make shit, we wont get anywhere. We can't just think that something good is gonna come out without any bad's or mediocre. we need to let new tech ideas involve over time. (Please keep in mind when you read my comment, that English is not my first language.)
And how hard is it to put "two" independent focus adjustment dials for each eye instead of just one? Lots of people interested in this kind of tech wears prescription glasses and most of their eyes have different diopters.
They can develop a device which you can then wear as a belt and it's engineered such a way that it acts like the receiver of Razer Hydra controllers . The device can be connected to the Gear VR and provides positional tracking just the way Hydra does. Maybe Samsung will come up with a new Gear smart watch which when used with Gear VR provides positional tracking. Or the camera on the back of the Note 4 can be utilised to be used for positional tracking. If the Gear VR comes out without positional tracking capabilities I'll pass and wait for the next version.
I have a request for add the new feature on Gear VR. Can you support the PC games on the Gear VR by using Remote Desktop Application or create the Gear VR Desktop Game Center Application for PC? It will be the great idea for PC gamers.
OASIS!!!
cool
That is awesome, can't wait to try it out.
take that apple!!!
Does anyone know if it'll work for the Note Edge?
could i use the edge with the gear VR?
Will this work with the Note edge?
I'd like to hear about opinions of the product, not just the same old derivative info. :(
If they made one for galaxy s5 I would buy it :(
they should combine it with google maps street view
Google did this with cardboard :P
"uh... i'm gonna die."
Very cool concept. I like how they are using the phone to power the VR; this allows you to get a better VR rig every time you get a new phone (every 2 years). I think VR would have a way better adoption rate if everyone wasn't worried about wasting money on VR when next years model will blow away 1st gen equipment... It would be cool if maybe Google made a standard VR headset (something nicer then Google Cardboard) and then said all future Nexus devices will work on it. My guess is you would have to leave size of the phone the same to accomplish this.
google cardboard anyone?
Only note 4...what about edge?
I love how people criticize this without even trying it first...  shows how narrow minded people are
I'll use google cardboard.
Do you think it would be available for Galaxy S5?
lmao how's this different from google's cardboard VR?
I'm pumped about this. Just waiting to here how much the Note 4 + headset bundle will be. Games of course are going to be awesome with this, but I'm also looking forward to watching movies on Netflix where it feels like I am watching it in a movie theater.
hate it or love it ,id use this just for a awesome quad HD MASSIVE display for movies , u seen the cinema/theatre demos on the rift ,imagine this but in 1440p and for less than a QHD projector
the only problem i have with gear VR is that...i want the EDGE
The downside has to be that you cant play any media from external sources.
Trust me, you really don't look like a moron wearing those. Really, Stevie Wonder doesn't come to mind at all.
How about actually SHOWING the gameplay and the LATENCY, which is very important, nobody is interested in your head movement
hands free for porrn
Its a great bit of kit and I will probably get one, but I am not going to use it in public. It makes you look like a cross between someone doing a bad Ray Charles impersonation and ... Rain Man.
So will this be an alternative to the Rift?  It'd be a great selling point if it was compatible with PC games.  It has a higher resolution as well (provided Rift is 1920x1080).
you look very special in that review.
oohhh i'm gonna die xD
looks very cool. I'l have to try something like that for my self, before i'm convinced . or at least read a ton of reviews
So.. it's just a shell for the phone?
So he's reading us the instructions while he's wearing it himself, what a USEFUL video.
This would be cool if you could do video chat with people on the other side of the world, so it will seem like your standing next to them.
Carmack does not get on public stage often, most people don't realize the significance of that, or even who  he is.
Sub 20ms latency, is Carmack a fucking wizard?
Wow. This is a really good advertisement for using VR headsets in private.
This is freaking amazing!!!!!!
Is it out already ? I'm talking about note4
I'm tired of watching old dudes wearing this thing, how about some footage from the actual games?
If you cant connect it to a pc or a console then it is usless.....
THANKS FOR THE GAMEPLAY
NOW YOU CAN LAG AND CRASH. SWINESUNG ALWAYS RIPPING OFF EVERYONE PATHETIC SHEEP COMPANY.
Does anyone know if, when released, this will work with the note 3?
That looks soo cool
With the technology that We have these days, come on verge, you guys should slip a mini camera in there so we can somewhat understand what this is all about. Otherwise people will just dismiss it like it never existed
The #future awaits. Thanks #samsung
The idea is cool, but who would use a phone as a VR set in real life?
Looks fun!
He looks mentally challenged in this video.
A joypad would be handy...or keyboard + mouse for FPS games
Great review on the Gear VR I think this will push me to get the Note 4 over the Note Edge. I read some where that the Note 4 might get the octa-core cpu? Has anyone hear about this?
Don't tell me what to do!
is it actually any good? what is the quality like?
This reminds me the VIRTUAL BOY from Sega, I mean. Nintendo
R.I.P. Oculus.
people are saying stupid things about the product without even using it... dumb ass
So this has cool potential but will most likely fail. I was really exited when I first saw it but becoming a bit disappointing. If they can incorporate some thing like the Samsung Remote PC app and let a computer do the heavy work this might actually be kinda cool.
Can it use the Note Edge?
When they incorporate the phone's camera and use this for augmented reality we'll be getting somewhere.
This is hilarious.
This would make you motion sick like crazy!
Samsung is really terrible. It is the most terrible smartphone i know. Mine always going OFF/restart/hanging!!! It really makes me nervous to the extent that i want to throw it on the trash.
I have no plans on getting a different phone just to have this watered down VR set.
Oculus rift is better
So @Samsung Mobile , what you say you have here is just an insanely expensive model of Google Cardboard. Wow.
Everyone is jumping into VR fad. Sony with Morpheus, and now Samsung with Gear.
What the heck would you use this for lol.. not very innovative; in my opinion lol
Everyone thinks I look pretty cool wearing the all new Gear Vr... in my virtual reality.
They should Develope a VR OS Interface for the Phone, where u can watch around and look at the app u wanna start ect.
Wait so how would you play a game with the headset when you can't access the display ?
Now that Samsung are backing them, Oculus is virtually invincible.
800th like
SWORD ART ONLINE YOUR COMING OUT SOONER THEN I EXPECTED
Gaming in Holo Deck? Or, porn in 360 degrees? Whatever... I am going to get it!
Not into it, the Oculus Rift is great as an independent controller, but for this, well, I don't want a future where people have their phones attached to their face like Wall-e
I was hoping for a HDMI/USB to Port PC games over but it would kinda of defeat the purpose in a sense. If this VR can actually show/play content in 2550x1660 Super Amoled between 60-90hz with near zero motion blur I will buy this. What I want to know is when u get a notification how it display on the VR without distorting your augmented reality ? Samsung Needs to include an SDK or something that will allow 3 party companies to let Gamers use controllers such as PS or Shield to go with its VR games. Im glad that They teamed with OC otherwise the Hardware would be a piece of junk.
Reminds me of that Nintendo product...
Shut up and take my money!
I dont know if this will fail or not but I'm leaning towards the its gonna fail side at the very least I dont see it going mainstream its but it might come down to price and if it has the apps to back up the device or devices since you also need a note 4
Is everyone missing the point?  Wireless VR, portable.  Its pretty ingenious actually, innovative in that they partnered with oculus and came up with a mobile platform.  Anyone that has used Oculus will agree, with headphones and maybe a leap motion, the wires add up.
Hahah he looks a bit retarded while playing with the device
Perfect for the /r/thefappening - NSFW kiss my ass!!!
I don't like samsung This is Oculus rift and they copy cat ... Sony and Apple better than Samsung
lol 1:19
Shamesung is stealing ideas from google..
0:35 Moves head like Stevie Wonder.
what about porn ?
Optic Blast
Its realllll
DAMN IT I'll buy the gen that is this + video input....................waaaaaaaaaaaaaait u can do it if the phone is sending sensors data to the pc and using splashtop ......or if the nvidia shield kind of streaming stuff ever get to phones ..................................and u can use the oculous software stuff on your pc and than stream the pc screen to the phone.................and in the future the phones just need to have the leapmotion built in and the cameras r on a swivel so they can face the back or the front
Game developer doesn't want to worry about supporting all kinds of Bluetooth controllers and the consumer doesn't want to buy a separate controller.  This headset will need a dedicated hand controller if it were to be successful.
everyone are act and say the exact way when ibm refuse to endorse some developer who invent the mouse, or the people who laugh at the idea of flying vehicle when wrights brother made the first airplane for the first time. have a bit appreciation please!
But can it be used as a substitute for the oculus rift compatible pc games? If not it's currently a waste of money. Nearly all android phone apps are designed for use by the average handset. It would cost probably more than the rift itself and you'd be limited to only a few decent choices while the rest are gimmicks that just display the abilities it has. I think all of samsungs releases have generally come off as disappointments, but if they manage to continue building on it and getting other groups involved it may succeed in the future.
Cool idea, but kinda useless for general public.
From my understanding, the Gear VR will only work with it's own Oculus Store. So any games, movies or apps will work directly from the phone. Why couldn't they just put a HDMI and USB port on the goggles to play PC games on it, such a shame :(.
Oculus uses a note 3 screen (dk2) Soo no different It will be more expensive plus u need a note 4
what is the point ? rili useless piece of shit...
Fancy google cardboard
I hope in the future you can attach a headset and watch films like in your own cinema that would be great!
I'd prefer the free Google Cardboard!
So it's basically a premium version of google cardboard? No thanks.
Now Samsung, is officially in a league of its own. This is awesome
It is nothing without software and Samsung sucks at making software
Would only use in flight mode, I guess everyone has forgotten about phones held to your head and brain tumors
Would only use in flight mode, I guess everyone has forgotten about phones held to your head and brain tumors
Hey, if I want to watch movies, how can I connect the audio jack?? Or, I have to use the Bluetooth headsets??
Someone will input these into armor and become ironman...Jarvis...status report.
From my understanding it's google cardboard, but made of plastic.
If you've tried the Rift dev kit 2, you would be excited about a portable experience even 3/4 as good. Very swift, robust thinking here by Samsung I must admit.
looks like he is legitimately having fun
Sword Art Online anyone?
Sword Art Online anyone?
I can see neck aches everywhere
Samsung marketing about Galaxy gadgets reminds me Nintendo with it's NES in late 1980s: lots and lots of additional gadgets for their main products releasing faster than people understand what the hell is that
Google Cardboard + Samsung + Oculus - Google = Samsung Gear VR
I wouldnt game with it, thats what Rift is for. But watching a movie in a big VR cinema while lying on a couch? That could be really cool. Cant be that expensive.
Could you notice the screen door effect ? on this 1440p screen
With a good headset this would be perfect to watch 3D movies on :)
Nice
Neat! :D Looks pretty sweet anyway. Even without positional tracking, it's probably a good idea, to kick off lower-end VR on smart phones. And this stuff will get better with time. What I'm more interested in, is that since Samsung partnered with Oculus to make this, I wonder if this sorta hints at the design-shape/look that the Rift consumer model might have.
What a joke...
Wireless but no positional tracking :(
Lol dude looks spastic
Wow