No mention of a windows mixed reality headset? They are cheap, and very easy to setup. Plus full vive support.
What no pimax on your list ? Did you even do your homework before you made this video ?
mükemmel
K the vive pro was a big letdown and RIP off should not be on this list
I'd argue that the Rift is much better than the Vive. Not to mention the daydream being trash compared to the Go. Also the WMR. I doubt this guy has even tried any of these headsets
those are 3 years old headsets . wtf
Negative vote here. Not a single word about WMR. This video feels so sponsored by HTC. In other reviews, Samsung Odyssey beats Vive Pro in overall and in price. Vive Pro made some mistakes, has same lens from Vive and poor earphones. And some people even asked why it's blue and plastics... most headsets are black or dark gray color. That is more neutral and nicer. You missed too much VR changes in the world! Big fail for May 2018 video...
Why are freakin mobile headsets in a list with pc headsets?
This video is BS
do you need the samsung VR to use on a note 8, or can you use Google dream or any other?
i might either buy oculus with touch or the original vive
Listen uo people the oculus rift is very good you just need a good pc and set it up on steam vr
Im buyng the oculus in march 18
Its pretty sad that the Vive Pro priced at $1,400 for the basic setup is the best there is at the moment. Yea the field of view is nice but the headset is VERY heavy. Ok its not really that heavy but it sticks most of the weight so far from your face that it has a lot of leverage and causes extreme neck stain after very little time using it. Worse while the resolution may be the best on the market right now its still not very good. Technically the resolution is great. The problem is that while they do pack in a lot of pixels the magnification is such that you clearly see the gaps between each pixel. Imagine looking at a wall full of televisions which are all setup to display one giant picture. It might look great from a distance but the closer you get the more you see the boarders of each television. This is called the "screendoor effect" as it is similar to looking at something through a screen door. Many promoting the products claim that the screendoor effect is very noticeable at first but soon your mind automatically begins to ignore it and just see the picture. This is not true at all. If anything after a month with the HTC vive the screendoor affect was far more annoying than it was at first. In my opinion the screendoor effect needs to be reduced by at least 300% before most users will be satisfied with these types of headsets. If you are considering getting your first VR headset and $1,400 seems like a sizable investment then I highly recommend you wait a couple of years.
Fuk u
I'm using Samsung oculus, VR headset with s7 edge. Not good experiences. Not good resolution. Eyes strain. Dont use VR that needs cell phone to attach with it. Try to purchase a VR headset that has its own display screen in it with 4K resolution. I'm moving from cell.phone headset to orignal screen headset. Please let me Know, if anyone experienced.
Do you know if the “oculus Go” is any good?
Navidia?
What about the oasis?
Hey guys i Always wanted a VR Headset but cant aford it do u think if i open up a go fund me campain so i can buy a vr Headset People would give me Money? sorry for my bad spelling
Product which one your choice
where the the cardboard VR
I have 210 dollars hears about Vr headset does chores
Where is the Samsung Odessey MR headset? Its dominating nowadays!
Some problems i for example have with the vive is the blurryness. When your in for example steamVRhome and look straight forward and then take a controller in front of your sight, it looks pretty good, but when you raise the controller it will be disgusting blurrness, that maybe is the cause of the Spiral design on the lenses with i have no idea why HTC went with that design, they could have simply ignored those. It could also be becuase that i sometimes have bad sight or that i dident calbritrade the lens distance between my eyes. I really want the best of the best vr experience, wich accessories should i have, is glasses recomanded though i can't fit them too well but i maybe can, what could be the cheapest price for the nividia geforce gtx 970 or higher, Do i have to clean my lenses well, though i think i am doing it correct. I could really apriciate some suggestions to a video or something else that i can discover more about. Thx
why isn't pimax vr in the list?
The original Vive, PSVR and the Oculus Go will be mine...oh yes...they will be mine lmao!
PAID BY "Vive Pro"
Lmaooooooooo. ..ya ok. ..this is weak and NOT authentic
Why tf is daydream on this list?
Anything on the Pimax 8k?
What no oculus go what are u on ????
Not sure I trust your list since you didn't put the Samsung Oddesy in there anywhere!
Love Technology!
Where is the Lenovo Explorer Windows Mixed Reality? The Samsung Oddesey ? The Dell Visor? The Oculus Go? dude this video is outdated.