“He got perm banned hehehe”
That outtro tho
ur hair looks rank
this is just saw on low graphics ( pg ) he takes bad people and gives them a chance for life aka saw.
Me seeing hacker in my server Banned from server or Punish Y/N Y/N Punish Auto generating Obsidian prison (if break it come back again)
jonathan wasn't even hacking
very entertaining
That’s not the same Jonathan you killed both Jonathan’s (the one hacking and the legit one) good job jack
Why is Jack humping a hoe
Perm ban a random player
That Jonathan was noe star.
I love your dressing gown. #NewZealand
“Aw he’s just set himself on lava...” Yep, wonderful.
Do you even know what perma ban means? Its when you ban someone for a lifetime (permanent) not few days
Why is this in my recommended? I dont even watch minecraft videos.
how did i end up on a fucking minecraft video sksksksk
ok now this is epic
i think some hackers just hack because they want to get trolled
this channel is absolute cancer, why the fuck is this getting recommended to me, fuck off yt algorythms
Everyone stop hating if you are going to hate stop watching you are literally giving him money because you clicked the video
seeing this makes me kinda want to hack, but i still wont. i promise
1:52 Can't you just tape down M1?
"he landed on the pink pokeball" me being triggered: "excuse me sir but that is a masterball"
I trusted Jonathan too, but I got a little suspicious when about one interaction sooner. Funny stuff
people still play this
there was a 1:30 ad and no skip button
What is this even doing in my recommendations, I have never even seen or watched content like this. Did youtube get dropped on its head or something?
Why is he humping a hoe in his outro one like = 1 hoe saved
lmao little kids getting triggered over this guy being shit talked
ur an opp. no cap
bro this is cringe why is it recommended to me
perma ban for not playing a shit game cool, not to mention epilepsy -_- man child alert
So you’re saying if I hack on your server, you’ll send me to the dropper map. Cool, I am horrible at servers so I probably wouldn’t be able to figure out how to get to the dropper ??
armor doesnt affect drop damage by the way lol
why do you even care if someone farms mobs
Ooh his perm ban is scary, who even hacks on Minecraft are you seirous
Fuck this
1.2M views man.. Jack, you're doing it son!
Yo Jack some guy named Amascut at 5:52 is apparently "Back" and being a racist D-bag to jews and black people you should probably perm-ban him
Shouldn’t you of perm banned prisoner, he didn’t play along did he?
Not hackers, cheaters. Entirely different concept. Also, jesus christ breathe for a change.
...the outro...
Its just minecraft you fucking loser. Let those guys do whatever. Is this some sort of superiority complex. Fucking jackass loser.
Wow, you're a bit of a dick
pathetic
It’s Ringo!
Did that just say "You got Diddled"? XD
I really don't understand why this is appearing in my recommend video thing.
I watched gay porn and this came up in my recommendations, everything seems to be working fine here.
skinny nerd cunt
Not a subscriber, not a fan and definitely don't know who you are. This was recommended to me... for some unknown reason. But you get a like for your sense of humour and your accent.
dosent seem legal
Should’ve set their spawn points at the dropper, and let them go on for a bit. That would’ve been more fun
Its my first time watching one of your videos
Why do sound like a Severus snape and squidward had a love child?
I don't have hacks. I have a Texture Pack that has only ores enabled to see. Is that hacks?
How the fuck did I end up on some gay ass minecraft video
what the fuck did i just watch...
Who the fuck uploads minecraft anymore
how do i install powertool?
When will your server be on nintendo switch
new generation dantdm?
From unspeakablegaming worlds longest rainbow dropper vid
Stolen thumbnail
I mean, they could just leave...
"Since he played along, he will get banned for only 28 days" Instantly in chat he gets banned for 30
Unban Jonathan! He was using creeper eggs as self defense! And it’s also jacks fault for not clearing his inventory! Played Like so jack can see!
what the fuck is this fetus of a human doing on my recommendations
okay so this doesn’t make any since, but i thought he was hacking computers that belonged to computer hackers, and somehow got them stuck in a shitty 3rd party version of a minecraft dropper map
Check chat at 5:53 lol
Why is this in my recommended
You’re such a prick.
best outro I’ve ever seen
You're so pathetic
What is this cancer?
13:57 we all know what happened last time he did this... nO LøNg t3rM DaMAgE!
first video ive seen of yours. it was recommended on the side. holy shit i love your voice
You look up dropper mods for Fallout 4 one time and you get Minecraft shoveled into your dash for 3 months... Of course, now I want to play this dropper map...
ok please get out of my recommended now
5:08 WHERE DID YOU FIND THAT COFFEE MUG!? I want one!
Johnathan: the betrayer
I love what you do to hackers! Its so funny to see them read the signs and watch them fall.
Wow so many butt hurt hackers disliking the video. If you cant play fair, dont play.
how do you get colors onto sign text ? is it a server plugin
I almost puked due to the ugly old headphones
i thought u died from ligma?
So much dislikes?
You should do this but give the hacker levitation halfway through them falling
If prisoner ran away, why did he get 30d?
You harassed a few 10 year olds and then bribed them with 2 days off a 30 day ban in order to make a couple thousand dollars? Wow, Minecraft really is entertaining.
DID YOU JUST CALL THE MASTER BALL A PINK POKEBALL
QUICK EVERYBODY TELL ME THE AD YOU GOT IN THE VIDEO!!!!
I love your vids
I lobe tour vids
Tbh, if I were handling these bans, I'd just not give them a free pass out if they've done the dropper. Hacking is a conscious act of ruining the game for others, the least they can do is provide some amusement to entertain the community they tried to destroy.
TOP OF THE MORNIN TO YOU LADDIES, MY NAME IS JACKSUCKSATLIFE
Pure cancer is what you are
Piss off with this recommended minecraft bullshit
you got diddled
Jack its a Master ball not a pink pokeball
For every minute you spend watching this video. One girl in your contacts will automatically be deleted.
force hackers to build a 6x6 piston door
Your a dick jacksucksatlife
'30 day perm ban'
i honestly hope you will die minefag
love the outro btw
Hacker PVP tournament, the survivor gets a ban reduction.
WC_Wolf is a known hacker 8:55
It’s 1:01 AM NOW... I’ve been binging your videos
Also this is a good idea more sever admins should do it
oh God ive found a portal back in time to 2012 NO STAY BACK YOU FIEND
Who tf is this guy banning people, he needs to be banned in my opinion
I wanna play your server buttttttttttt I dont know how to join
nyan cat
the first one has some crazy reaction time lol hahah
That outro ??
What texture pack does jack use?
poppin zits and jerking off the dog.... minecraft players
RIP DropThatCombo, got 30 days, not 28. Jack’s a liar.
5:09 Lemme have a quick sip pulls out a Sonic mug;)
The last ban, Johnathan wasn’t even hacking... Ya cunt.
None of them deserved this punishment what the hell bloody broke my hand thanks to you! Disliked and reported
should have broke the bedrock below him lol
7:36 pause and read all chat
I like how when you die it says "You got diddled"
you look like xQc
do a one where they play 30 mini games if they beat all 30 games no ban if they hack permban if they loose they get however many games they beat tooken off there ban
5:52 omfg lmao
why did he ban prisoner?
I didn;t watched that shit, but they are cheaters, not hackers...
forcing girls to have sex with you
I am SICK and TIRED of minecraft hackers >:(
0:05 Oh boy, I wonder why nobody has done this before
Im pretty sure alot of people are now hacking to get into your video's
I hate Minecraft,but I like your content
Jack how do u log inn and play on the server plz tell me
No ban hack
Fiverr Jesus should praise them praise be!
Fake af
'First time a hacker didn't get banned in 116 episodes' Episode 115. HMMMMMM
thats actually massive
Just spent about 2 hours cheating on this guys server, mods had no clue. Full killaura, fightbot etc
Good script
Jonathan is an animal
You hit three Hackers with 1 bolder
It’s 2018 who still uploads Minecraft
If ur an hacker on minecraft it means ur life got to be low
Jack You Banned Prisoner He Was Innocent He Wasn't Hacking!
Theres a reason you get so many dislikes.
this vid sux Did you see why I crossed it because it doesn’t suck
5:15 He set him self on lava?
D i d d l e d
Your wearing a NZ shirt I’m from NZ and I’m so proud lel
doesn't everyone suck at life
Power trip
i get it he is humping a hoe
“Pink pokeball” that’s a goddamm master ball
I died when he broke the map ??????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????
I suck at life to.
11:33 that shirt said New Zealand
This is why I don't play online. Got a bunch of little kids hacking and it's annoying af
4:15 I love how you can actually tell how confused he gets LMAO
0:10 biTcH haaHahA
That actually is impossible to pass, someone has to be VERY lucky or have hacks to do it
Wait wait he said he was banished... wha?
1 MILLION VIEWS AY
1 million views!
L I T T L E P I N K P O K E B A L L
1,000,000th view!
Here before 1 mill views
Lol 999k views
Millionth view
10/10 jack..10/10
999,991 views
YO YO YO
1:50 Killaura* He just sets it to attack mobs
forcing u to stop being cool
WHERES YOUR FORE HEAD! AHHHHHH
Why so many dislikes
comments 25% WHY IS THIS IN MY RECOMMENDED fuck off why did you click the video to comment you could just ignore it
Why does this remind me of saw
Whos here from jack's "Dont DO IT" video?
I’m gonna subscribe cause I like your name
lil scumbag
what were you doing with that HOE ? 14:36
Do staff picks how long a hacker gets banned
Why does he like a choking rat
10k likes 5k dislikes
Your funny as hell
gets banned welp time for roblox banned screen shows FORTNITE
Ur such a cunt
This is hilarious
Who plays Minecraft
Jack if they log out after getting caught I would perm band them ??
Should've add lives, like you get 3 attempts or something.. xD
All the dislike are all the people who got banned for the year
Why does this have so many dislikes?
Johnathan I trusted you!
You hated my to this game. Fuck off.
And what’s the port
Is this server on Minecraft pe/ Mobile?
Jack I’ve hacked, but I could Help you catch hackers by knowing how they are seeing things, and how the GUI looks
5k dislikes
is it a perm banned from Minecraft or from that server
Doni bones has
The pink pokeball?? ITS A MASTERBALL!!
Why didn’t he. Get a perm ban for logging out?
I x-rayed a dropper once. Facepalm.
#robloxisbetterthanminecraft
Jack you should’ve done every single time the Hakka dies he has one day to his ban. Like if you agree.
Umm your perm banning people who should have a 30-60 day ban
5000th dislike :P
PICK POKEBALL is a master ball
You should be banned bitch you ass hole. All you do is ban people
Where are u from
nice
I didnt know there were hack police...
Can't they just make a new access and hack on that acc?
Actual adults playing fucking Minecraft....... I've seen it all
wheres jeff goldblum
what texture pack do you use?
I feel bad for Jonathan, I believe he only started using hacks because he was fighting two hackers so he gave them a taste of their own medicine, but in the end he got the worst punishment #PrayForJonathan
Want to know why there are so many dislikes? That outro...
Says 28 days, bans for 30.
Map download?
Is it even possible to land in the water. You should check that lol
This is inhumane trash.
This is a horrible knock off of rga gameings the hacker games you even said the rules in the same voice
read chat at 5:53 lol
Ran into this video by accident but im really glad I did, nice vid!
This video got recommended to me on some super unrelated video, and it's the first I'm seen from you and it was really fun! I enjoyed it a lot.
why the dislikes?
He's wearing nz top
lol
*me sitting her watching hoping none of the hackers fall in the water*
Calm ur tutors it minecraft hackers
OMFG xD I love tha caht at 5:52
u NZ? You seem to have an NZ shirt
New Zealand jumper! Kiwis, where you at?
Anybody else see the blue swirl emoji in the thumbnail?
14:04 Jack: oh I think I found Jonathan Me: dies of laughter Jack: dies of laughter
Ahhhhhh justice.
Doni has done this to shotgunraids
You should reduce it by more. 28 days is a long time, people get the idea after a few days/a week
Wait U got an NZ T-shirt Yay Also I subbed
YOU ARE CRUEL
LMAO 5:53 CHECK THE CHAT
dislike bot?
only do on you first time jack that is what was on it
10:58 wtf. maybe he is just good. he hacked he heacked becouse he beat you lol. thats how god react
feeling like god? lets play game! permban hackers if you not want them come back. you get them change to come back hacking. perm ban !!! and 1 rule dont make video about it. more hackers come to get in your videos
14:38 is nice
Why tf don’t your headphones fit
0:00 thanks me!
Virgin
if you had xray you could just see the water so i would say perm ban
You would doom any one in a court room
Nofall? Slowfall? Flight? This tickles my pickle. Buuuuut, what if it is sneaky?
Hey jack, Use worldedit to select a region and do /rg create (any name) then do /rg flag (the name you used to create) t and then use the one wich blocks commands :)
Everyone even the “perma ban” got a 30 day ban in chat...
wearing a new zealand shirt I live their
Is he new zealander
Cube never does things like this i wouldnt have been salty about my ban he he did this or something similar
Holy shit I was staff on his old server EvoPVP. I have this guy on Skype (I know discord is the new thing, this was before discord). Crazy how far you've come, Jack.
Hacking xd I guess you don’t know what hacking means
When u do it ur self
Ur a dick head for doing that to people
Arnt u a hacker
U seem like the kid who would tell the teacher everything, & then everyone hated u... now ur doin dis
7:13 thats an ultraball
lol you're wearing a New Zealand jersey.. crack up
show the 1st person view when they jump next time dud3e
So far you are my fav youtuber
I’m loving that New Zealand jersey
I think people are hacking because of your games.
By far, my favorite Minecraft youtuber! Also, a guy named ‘wolfie’ I think, you tp-ed him, and he was on a floating block.
What a dick you are
You sound like dantdm
Ok YouTube I'll fucking watch it
Thanks for clarifying. Thanks
omg i luv minecraft #mcgang
I'm subscribing! :D
oh he landed on the little pink pokeball lmfao
Why do people never dislike comments??
Hey Jack! I got an idea! what about creating an arena for the hackers 1v1? No KA or knockback Only with no hacks? if you heart this you accepted this.
someone please explain what they are getting banned from?
So basically you can fly around and shit and probably hack as well but nobody else is allowed
I don't know why I thought was not good
You should let them at least know where to aim for
during this amazazaing vid i was feeding my car leftover pizza
There not hackers there moders you retard ands it's just minecraft it's stupid
What's that song at the end of your video I MUST KNOW!
Why was this suggested
Wtf is this. Can someone explain? Isn't mine craft just sitting in a fuckin house hiding from zombies?
He has nothing else better to do with his life but ban people in a game that barley anybody cares about plus most people who play it are little kids so congrats you idiot
tbh you ban you only players that give you content so hackers are actually you friend they make you money
Im gonna go on your server just to purposely hack to see what happens one day.
Sorry bursted out laughing at the cow humping the hoe xD
What is the outro song?? cant find it anywhere :c
If I was banned for more than like 5 days I would never come back ??
This youtuber is so f gay
My nigga prisoner did no harm #FreeMyNiggaPrisoner
imagine needing to hack in minecraft
SNITCH
who tf is this nerd? the developer or just some wack ass Minecraft police? someone should ban you for being a bitch
you're a fucking loser kid
fuuck this guy
Hmmm I don’t get it
this isnt hacking, its called flicks. DUMBASS
random guy:what do you for a living? Jack:i play minecraft for bloody squeakers
... I have sunk to new levels...watching minecraft videos. What the fuck is wrong with me fml
Nice new Zealand t_ shirt
No JackSucksAtLife Did This first
ur fukin retrd
Nice zits. Have your balls dropped yet?
this kid is kind of annoying to be dealing with hackers.
This guys a jerk I don’t even hack but this is messed up to do on “MINECRAFT”
Does this make you feel like a real man?
Omg ur dantdm
Jack just to say that I was watching your videos and on around 10 to 12 of the videos have a notice on them saying it's inappropriate and offensive to some viewers.
I'm not interested in mine craft but watching you ban people was interesting
Why is this trashcan in my recommended ?
how can this video get 4K dislikes ????? OMG everyone kepp liking His Videos !!!!!!!!!!! i did :D
It is actually my first time and hell yeah I'll sub to a channel that trolls hackers
A D M I N H E D O I N I T S I D E W A Y S
nice abuse of power for views
Your nose doesnt seem to work m8. You got a very nasally voice, dislike.
Jesus you need too practice speach my friend. Articulate. All I heard here was EHEHEHEAMKNMASKLNGMLKANLEKNLEJANVBEAÖKFJEAÖKFNEAÖKFNEAÖKFNEAÖFNA
I just paused the video.. and god that was a relief.
doni bodes did the dropper for hackers months ago
JOHNATHON HOW COULD YOU??? ??
Power trip
Isn’t he hacking though
Why am I watching some cringe white guy play Minecraft y tf is it on my recommended ???????
:/ what??????
using x-ray yeah that's op, but that auto hit? i mean it's painful to stand and constantly hit mobs, I would consider this as making it less painful to seat through, why ban for that?
Minecraft still exists?!?!?!
ayy whats with the new zealand hoodie
he sound like DanTDM...
"Minecraft Hacker" I just cringed so hard
Wow he looks just like I imagine Minecraft Youtubers. Incredible.
You got diddled :3
now this is a fun way of handling hackers XD
7:21 Suffer yes Sufffer Muahahahah
they probably just bought the game then get banned lol
Af ter the player get ban he gets a gun and kills himself
freaking jonathan man lol
This is how kid depression Happens
Who else now wants to go on his server and just start hacking
2 out of 30 gone? Really?
C R I N G E
frik you (Sorry idk who u r my friend made me do this)
Niggas really ban people for cheating on Minecraft that’s toughhhhh
Why are you in my recommendations.
Hey, if I join, could you tp me to one of these minigames? Not for the ban, I just wanna try it. IGN is TARDISCrafterPJ
MAkes me a little uncomfortable when you say someone got diddled.
You look like you say i will perm ban you in a real life fight
this is cancer lmao
die
U should not decide if someone gets banned its not right let people have fun you retard
Kys
and not a single person actually hacked, they used something someone figured out and as little script kiddies they copied and used software instead of actually doing it themselves. Hacking is information, cracks is games and data. People seem to get these confused.
how the hell did i end up here?
sorry for being mean for that il subscribe :)
no youtubers have done this because its stupid
who cares about a dropper its not a bad thing its not like u are banning them "corect me if im wrong"
mine my sister
I love minectraft i wanna smash jack in his soft prostate
My first impression of you, and I like your content man! Keep it up! subscribe
Why are kids still watching this
ITS A MASTER BALL NOT A PINK POKEBALL IDIOT!!!!!!!!!!
most of these hackers are kid because they not patients
You're a piece of shit
you gay
why the fuck is this in my recommended
Should of at least game them three tries.... how are they supposed to know where the water is
get a life
Saw without the gore
Oh no guys someone’s hacking in my minecraft server reeeeeeeeee
Y u copying Doni bobes
Fucking bitch
You can't ban me because I don't fuck with those type of games ??????
douchey video
ARE YOU NZ
Friend: I help Microsoft work out the kinks I their latest software. What do you do, Jack? Jack: I watch people die in Minecraft and laugh for money.
"Yes master" lololololololo ??????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????
Are you an admin if so that's cool bro it's cool bc I play mc and there is so many hackers
me map on fire
That was my brother we had to throw away the Xbox
ew
Stop banning people you ugly bitch
All the salt on that dislike button from the hackers. Mm.
I’m confused.
Why am i watching this i don't even like minecraft
The little pink pokeball is the master ball
This was in my recommend
They just could use freecam to try multiple times, lol.
OH NO MINECRAFT HACKERS /s.
Cool video, your talking is the worst part.
What a horrible accent you got mate
I’m gonna make it my mission to hack the fuck out of this server and destroy everything. And myself the server owner. This guy is stupid. Using higher power to fuck with people
HOLY MOLY hes WEarING a NEW ZEALAND top Im Shook ™
New Zealand! Happy Waitangi Day everybody
Why do all minecraft channels have this sound like an irritatingly voiced British douche with a Penis in their throat.
couldn’t jack get banned temporarily for trolling and griefing?
I love this video
No idea why this has so many dislikes, I`m not even a minecraft person but that vid was hilarious, I think I`m gonna stay here longer :) Have a good one
So this guy basically grasses on people, then forces them to play a stupid map? Fucking hilarious ??
THIS IS WHY I WATCH HIS VIDS
Why is this bullshit on my recommended?
Why am i watching a Minecraft video in 2018
Wait so he himself has hacks but punishes other for having bans and goes power crazy? Seems legit?
Gay
Honestly just perma ban. They always come back hacking like nothing ever happened. I would know.
Aim alexxx is that you wtf
Nonce vibe?
Why do you take away their items? I mean, just save them for when they log on.
You copied doni bobes
what kind of saw shit is this?
You don't have the authority to ban them and teleporting is hacking so you are hacking and souls be ban
Omd Minecraft snitching???????
Are u from new Zealand
Hackers disliked this xD
Lmao
come on this is too cruel
Why are there so many hackers...
Stop telling hackers to do that
Is he British or Australian,his accent is rather an odd one
You are homosexual.
Dickhead
So hard listening to this screecher commentator, voice goes so high pitched. Fuck up.
why is this maniac playing god in my suggestions ??
Can you put names on chest names Otherwise can you stop accusing people of xray without thurther and accurate evidence
so gay
People still play Minecraft?
Welp....I have seen a minecraft youtuber
Harsh
DID YOU JUST CALL THAT A PINK POKEBALL
WHy is this in my recommended
“I’ll reduce it by one day” what a legend. So generous. Much charity
Who's mans is this?
ringo starr?
RGA has been doing it for years.
You have a really weird nose... ??
Emo kid
Why even use hacks in mine craft lmao
blue kiwiz and wc were fighting eachother as you caught kiwiz
I lov u
Ayyyyyyy I live in NZ )felt like pointing that out because of your shirt=
U don’t have the right to ban little kids the game was made for kids go play some cod and try to banned someone I dare u u won’t u can only banned little kids try banning a real hacker on bo2
One question. How is X-ray (doing a map glitch to see things) a hack? I thought a hack would be something like killing a player far distance or afk killing.
I’m surprised people are still making Minecraft videos. I like this :)
hi  i am jack
hhehujjdhtsh7hh10000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000ckx
10000
Waffles
Minecraft police?
made it to 6 seconds, i tried
DONI BOBES DID THE DROPPER SO YEAH
I just wanna hack on your server for mini games lol
why can a person that isnt oart o the development group ban hackers. And why even ban them. Maybe if they purposfuly mess with your character or something. But cant you save your game and go back to a point where youd still have what they took or undo the damage they did
edit/cut at 6:18???
30days is retarded
minecraft is shit the people who play it are even more so
The fak is that outro ? XD
573 players or 574...?
Wait... Minecraft is still a relevant game?
"They bloody knew that they got diddled" is quite possibly the greatest thing I have ever heard.
Your message could not be delivered because you don't share a server with the recipient or you disabled direct messages on your shared server, recipient is only accepting direct messages from friends, or you were blocked by the recipient.
get a life dude minecraft is 8 years old smh
Get a fucking haircut. Geezuz.
Why was this recommended? God what did I do to deserve this torment?
wait does he in prem ban them cuz he might get banned him self if he does that ! (btw im only saying this cause it can happen if the creator comes on and you do it to him)
Subscribed ??
The people are confused because they think the dark blue wool were water
You make players life bad
Jonathan was lagging
U banned me u idiot
Next time show yourself finishing the dropper so we know it is possible pls
What a troll
LMAO i love the way u talk "me map" xD
Protip. You can paste without air by using //paste -a. So that your sign that you've written wouldn't have disappeared but areas that you've lost would've restored if pasted on the right spot.
tbh i dislike minecraft YouTubers n all their cringe content but at least this was pretty entertaining i enjoyed it and i just don't understand the like dislike ratio. why lol. the only thing i woulda liked better is permbans all around. if u hack u deserve a perm ban.
you are so cruel
and i thought spinbots only exist on cs:go lol
:'p don't bully hackers
You do understand, your giving them just what they want. Not that the server you play on is the only one.... By all means, please read too much into that.
7:18 "You were just mining your own business" eyyyyyy :D
this seems mean. why. what if they are doing it for the fun of it. you're hacking and are banning hackers for hacking. makes no sense. tp is essentially hacking. so what different are you to them.
this is my first episode watching and I love it! I subscribed I liked and even went as far as to hit post notifications and I urge you people to do the as well
This seems just a bit extreme, mainly the permanent ban punishments
why the fuck is this in my recommended
Haha, Minecraft is lame lmao
I don't even play Minecraft so much anymore, but this is so entertaining!
You should get a permban for how many times your stupid ass swipes your hair out of your face
This is fucking stupid
Not particularly into these kinda vids but this was cool
how did you get the you got diddled 2:27 2:28
Tempted to join your server and cheat on it just to see if I get on youtube! \o/
Really, ban ppl for skipping the boring grind on minecraft? Stick your server up ya AR##.
not sure how i got here but im glad i did
You're all scum
Why don't you just spectate them as they fall instead of fallow them? That would make it easier to find them
Why not make them participate in a Danganronpa style death game? You could even call it Hackanronpa.
This is the first minecraft video I’ve seen in years and it was pretty entertaining! Will definitely be watching more :)
My favorite “video game” ????
500k Views that makes me so happy
every time he laughs i hear "i'm dead inside"
Every time i try to join it says this gistrations have been disabled due to excessive spam. If you would like to register yourself on the forums you'l have to run the command /register in-game. But i can not figure it out can u help me out please?
I mean... yeah they use xray... but what is your problem with that... dont you have anything better to do then troll people... IN FUCKING MINECRAFT
I mean... he is just grinding mobs... why do you ban him? He is just killing mobs
Yeah you do suck at life
You look a lot like Ringo
This is wack????
this was not my proudest fap
You look like the type of guy that shoots up a school because some one stole your caprsun
Wolf banned for 30days lol
twenty eeet dees
can u even make it?
Why the fuck has this video been in my recommended for the last two weeks
“The little pink pokeball”....you make me sick....
Rather than ban the hackers, just allow them to play the dropper and nothing else.
You're annoyingly enthusiastic, but nice troll
Up the mighty all blacks
Dude you should place diamond block to see if they are xraying
Dude you suck your not control over people dumb ass I hate what you do quit youtube :) from: me To: stupid ass Canadian
Why does this keep showing up in my recommend
your teeth are weird
I do t like mine raft but this is cool trolling so
This guy looks like he doesn't have friends.
Lol
I hate to say this, but TheHive stole your idea with the game Gravity...about 3 years ago.
check out my channel i do funny videos n shit
kys
Unedited?....yea for like first 3 minutes
You sound a lot like Dan TDM
Why the fuck is this in my recommend. My little brother watches this type of shit
Minecraft still has a fandom?
jack lad you’re the beat
"There'd be an absolute nightmare if hackers turned on their no-fall hacks and didn't take any fall damage" You mean you?
STOP TOUCHING YOUR GREASY HAIR. Do you take showers?
youre a very annoying youtuber, could you try and be less cringy
7:17 im surprised no one noticed this pun: ''MINING your own business''
this guy is laughing on the same joke for the millionth time. i envy simple ppl <3
Justice trolling Troll Cops
meh, hacker games is not something new
Permanent bans are not for a short time. PermBan is a shortened term for Permanent Ban.
#LatestSquad
mciscringe
Dude ur tooth larger than my toe
lol you really have no idea what your doing cause you're referring to or i may not but i have never seen X-ray as a client its a texture pack
I don't fancy Minecraft youtubers but God damn I love the cut of your jib
wow.. this game is still stupid.
...subtitles?
the first second legit did not sound like english. wtf
Its pretty imposible to land in the water without knowing where it is. Should have done more.
This is so sadistic
Hacking is illegal. I don't think they are actually hacking. ( I love making smart ass comments)
People still play this shitty fucking game?
Anyone else didn't know it was Minecraft
I don’t think two days less ban on a 30 day is worth it . Maybe atleast a week on a 30 day. Who cares about two days . Maybe two days if it’s only a week ban
i don’t even play minecraft or watch anything related to it why is this being recommended to me
dont know why this was in my suggested but it was amusing for a minecraft video so good job M8
i will come on ur server just to troll to give u content :DDD
Wtf? X-ray and you get fucking banned for a month?!? Wtf that's retarded
autistic minecraft youtubers grow up
Why did I click this crap wtf, Minecraft sucks and this guy is a complete tool. Or in British terms his a complete prick are you not a bit old Minecraft son
so much autism
dick
No idea why this was in my suggestions...but hey i like this kid's sense of humour. Subbed.
You guys need better anti cheat
Why are you still playing mine craft it’s 2018
You really have no life waiting for people to hack so you can hack them out of the game
Funny but tbh its minecraft nobody should care unless the hacking gives an advantage to others
"Do you prefer.... pain?... or death?" "Death...." "Torture him." turns to another prisioner "You. Pain, or death?" "Pain." "Torture him." turns to another one "See? it makes no difference."
Only 2 off bans for playing along??? Should be atleast half off
But my question is how do YOU find the hackers are you hacking to find the hackers
theres better graphics outside IRL
This is terrible yt content
“yes master” LMAO
You have no idea what a hacker even is. Most don't use mods but rather resource packs (x ray). The more intelligent people use cracked clients and mods (not hard really and getting away with these is easy unless you abuse it). Hacking is something completely different.
...you know I kinda want to xray hack on a dropper map. I mean think of the challenge.
Minecraft sux
I think you should have given then 2 attempts because you can not see the water
This nigga a straight up bum for that shit???? but still funny af?? good shit man
I wanna see a hacker make himself the server owner. Like a true hacker. Then perma band you. That would be true humor.
wow same thumbnail as presteon
Why would you ban someone from something as temporary as a minecraft server for 28 days?
I think donni did this first when shotgunraids was hacking in his server
trying to be like RGAgaming, huh?
Not to bring light to hackers but the whole if they dont want to play along it's perm banned thats kind of fucked up. People have the right to their privacy even if they hacked on a game for fucking 10 year olds they still have the right to stay no and not end up on youtube.
Why would one cheat in minecraft? It's already bad that they are playing the game in the first place?
Minecraft is still a thing?
Wait... Are you New Zealand??(My first time watching his vids)
this is so scummy even for the first one that was just afk farming
It’s not a perma ban lol it’s a 30 day ban
MINECRAFT IS CANCER
Cheaters .... people CHEAT in Games .. Hacking is something different you dumb little shits. WHEN WILL YOU UNDERSTAND THE DIFFERENCE???? but you cant really clickbait with it and unessecary stretch videos above the 10 minute mark i guess. kys idiot.
Imagine if they had fly hacks.
this is so fuckin lame why am i here
T H E P I N K P O K E B A L L...??
hackers want to hack so they can have as much fun as you have being able to do anything
i wanna hack just to try that
lol silver fern hoodie ah the days of minecraft i miss 1.4 :/
Rip, Wolf. Scumbag.
Yo why the fuck this in my recommended
Haha “hacker” ????????????????????????????????????????????????????
banning people is just nother form of internet censorship
Howd you give that one dude 26 days but a dude who landed 2 blocks away you gave him 28 days. Not very consistent in fairness i get theyre cheaters but still defeats the purpose of the game
SUBSCRIBE TO MEE PLEASE
How tf do yall laugh at this smh this mad boring
Having power in minecraft... what a meme
I'm subscribing just because your accent is heckin awesome.
whats the point of a standard ban times if you are just going to perm ban them or (like your other videos) ban than for longer times than the standard first offence ban time. This honestly pisses me off, you really should not be owning/admining/moderating a server, Its just stupid and all these kids think its funny. Get some real content.
why the fuck am i being suggested a minecraft video in 2018?
You should make them go through a maze
I was gonna make a comment on how Fucking stupid this is but like, ya getting paid for this regardless and I'm not gonna bash you for making B a n k
574*
When you're 20 something years old and still playing Minecraft
Oh gosh...Minecraft has gotten too far
This is the definition of cyber bullying
me map is on fire
All of these guys are complete idiots, just turn on betterair! You deserve that ban if you don't turn it on.
Thanks for banning me
Okay yeah, you're honestly the biggest loser I've ever seen. Banning someone for 30 days because of that and justifying a 2 day decrease is just the stupidest thing I've ever witnessed lol. Just the whole thing is hilariously dumb
Honestly though, who the hell cares if someone is using an attack command hack? Just saves someone time. Petty as hell to be angry at someone for that lmfao
Are you Welsh?
HOW THE FUCK DID I GET HERE? WHY IS THIS SUGGESTED YOUTUBE????
Minecraft in 2018
When is minecraft fianally going to die?!
Don’t perm ban people that don’t wanna play your game , it’s not part of the rules to play your game
Mod abuse worse than discord
"princess likes signs way too much and doesn't know how to shut the fuck up about it"
Wow banning people on minecraft Must play roblox
Is he a new Zealand
Your cancer
Tú eres muy feo
"Jonathan I trusted yew!!" Hahaha.
Why am I here?
Bit of a hypocrite aren’t you??
Minecraft's gay.
I would hack for this.
This guy shouldn’t be allowed a server he’s a dick
I used to be staff on Timelesspvp and WC_Wulf used hacks on that one as well
are u even making ur presence known and talking to them as a gm and telling them that they been hacking cuz if ur not some might think that they glitched out or they were hacked lol which could be why some ppl don't play ur game and get permanent banned
5 MINECRAFT YOUTUBERS WHO HAVE SWORN
Who still plays Minecraft? Fucking queers.
DO YOU NO DAE WAE!!!!
its just a fucking minecraft
FFS Minecraft.
ha gey
Wait, lemme get this straight. You force hackers to play an amazing adventure map... as a punishment? :|
why is this fucking everywhere not even in my recommended but just in the sidebar wtf
5:53 nice message in chat
Who dafuq hacks minecraft?
Well, you're not very nice.
10:17 chat hahaha
0:17 ROCKING THAT NEW ZEALAND T-SHIRT!
This is fun to watch.
I don't even like Minecraft anymore but this made me happy for some reason lol
but what if they were an elytra master, what do you do then
F-ing Jonathan!!!
why do little kid videos get in my recommended...and why the hell do I click on it
This is a cool Smart admin
Cant you just turn off your computer
HAHAHAHAHAHA! 30 DAYS? Might as fucking we'll be a perm
I looked up extra thicc wth
Nice video bro????
power trip much?
Seriously dude..take a breather. I liked the vid but had to stop watching bcuz you never stopped talking for more than a second...
JackSucksAtLife what headset do you have?
That’s not a perm ban that’s a temp ban
I dont think you should go right ahead and ban them! Its my opinion but does anyone else agree
Wow, do people keep playing after they get banned for 30 days? I think I'd rather switch servers at that point. Would take less time, yeah?
This seems cool and all but its not really fair. I mean i get it nobody likes a cheater but its impossible to see where the water is from the top unless u know where it is. He knows where it is and still couldnt do it
I wish I owned a server, would be so fun
Ew y r u so ugly wtf
thats edgy
I’m going to hack on your server just to see that Nyan cat!
How sad do you have to be to hack in minecraft out of all games
Why are you banning people for this long? This is kind of cruel. I don't play Minecraft, so I don't know what type of competitive attitude there is with these. I still don't think that people should get banned permanentally or even for a month because they wanted to have fun in a game. IT'S FUCKING MINECRAFT! If it was ESports, that would be a whole different topic. BUT IT'S FUCKING MINECRAFT!
This is terrible.
Tno waffles... Sounds familiar... WAIT
Might wanna check your chat at 5:53 m8... I know he got banned, but still might wanna censor that.
I'm no hacker but I'd play the Dropper just for fun.
Cool idea on allowing the hacker to regain their dignity.
Nice cup
26 days for making it aaaaall the way to the bottom? lol, at least 15 days for making it to the bottom and 20 days for participating
7:34 look at chat
i know feel like hacking just to do this
Jesus christ its only minecraft
i imagine the guy who died surrounded in lava was just like, “o shit bois the hacker’s being hacked”
Boii you aint from New Zealand
this just makes me want to hack so I can play the awesome challenges.
I’m a hacker my nam is mikeynator 2000 plz.ban me
J O N A T H A N
why did i get the "free gift card giveaway" vibe the first 3 seconds
I don’t see a problem for the first guy, some people have better things to do than grind. I would know GTA has become like that.
I feel bad because it's a old ass dieing game and they just wanna try to have fun lol
Your accent is satisfying
Are you informing these people they are being recorded?
Why am i watching this?
Okay, after seeing this I am not sure if just trolling or admin abuse. What if someone actually can do it? Will you perm ban him anyway, because "he cheated on the dropper" - which you can't verify if he really cheated. Your system of "retribution" is a bit flawed. Why not get proper anti-hack mods instead?
You sound like dantdm
Normally, I don't like Minecraft youtubers, especially channels like these where just about everything looks like some sort of clickbait. However, this video was fucking hilarious! This guy is really charming and I couldn't find myself to leave the video!
I have the same headphones on right now
When Bad Boy Halo doesn't release a video in in several weeks.
He looks like just somebody that I used to know
Is this just account ban or ip ban?
i am new alreay love ur channel <3
By this video I just realized the difference between cheater and hacker...
I think you mean
Cut your hair
@jacksucksatlife do the same thing but with 3 levels, every death adds 1-2 days per death if you use this please give me a shoutout
You look like Dawko lol
Fucking retard
Kys
I don’t like Minecraft anymore but I like watching your banning hackers videos a lot
Ramsay Bolton, is that you?
I'm calling the cops this is breaking the ammenment that we are not to use crul and unusual punishments
I subbed
sotodaywehavealilsomethin
How are you banning them?
sadistic and just an unlikable guy but I liked the vid bro
ouuu perm ban nerds
My opinion... Why can't all the hackers just use NoFall??? xD
The best admin
There I watched it youtube, new keep this video the fuck away from me.
To force a hacker to play doesnt tht mean u hacked so you should play it ur self.
This looks really fun
I just going to say that this shit is really cringy and pointless for 1 they should be called Cheaters or scripters because that's what they are, not hackers, if they where hackers you'd fuckin know it cause there would be nothing you could do about it calling them hackers is just cringy 2 its extremely easy to get a new alt account 3 Even if you ip ban them a they could have a vpn and just get a new alt and join again 4 that's what I do anyway
Get out of my recommended
what the fuck is that intro it's him humping a hoe an actual gardening hoe
Only person to have done this before is Doni Bobes...
hey jack I love your content. its always special. but sometimes I j=would just like a standard jackleberry episode. like the stuff at hacker trolling 1-80. I loved them then you started to get a bit different and now your doing forcing hackers and deciding when hackers and I just miss the old episode. plz bring back hacker troiklling. I love you
I actually wanna hack just so I can get featured in these trolls
did any one see that jack had a NZ jersey on OMG
There is something wrong with his server if theres that many hackers
Why do you call them hackers in minecraft. They're script kiddies.
This is why god left us
Don't did it he had a part of a challenge that was a dropper Edit: Also you said that a first offence of malicious hacks is 30ds. I got a first offence and I got a perm. Ign: RouqhNiqhts
are you not attracting hacker because everyone wants to get trolled by jack xD Btw Love the vids! <3
hahaha i loved this
woah you’re a really cool sever owner! that’s a great way to deal with hacks XD
Are you a rapist aswell
every pc game cheating nearly
Not if you're Neo and decide that the Dropper and the Ban Hammer DOES NOT EXIST mhuhahaha!
Getting publically humiliated to get less punishment. Its like the middle ages. I bet some people now go ahead and intentionally "hack" the game in order to get features in these shitty videos. I wouldnt be surprised if this was all setup in the first place. The ways people go for attention... 115 episodes... says everything... no wonder Minecraft is being looked down nowadays. Yeah its the first video i ever watched of you. Will be the last too.
You just earned a sub
New Zealand ??
Whats the mic?
9:55 jacksucksatlife XD
i kinda wanna hack just to do this lol jk
that first hack (mob aura is basically like using an autoclicker, what's so bad about it? Who wants to sit around and left click?
Jack, I just started watching you, I love your videos, I subbed and turned on the bell ??
oh no im banned from like 1 of 700 servers, ive really learned my lesson.
Poor Jonathan, he didn't know...
sterf
Wait so do you own this server?
FUCK YOU!
nice outro
Wow you're such a badass
i love watching myself get banned!!! (i purposely hack on servers like this to test their security lol)
Jonathan
Watching them read the signs was really cute. BTW I was cheering for Waffles to make it
Is this new skydoesminecraft.
so I have an autohotkey script that holds my mouse button down, does that count as "hacking" if it's not a modified client? (I've not been on the server and don't know anything about it, I'm just wondering if that counts or not)
I feel a bit bad for that afk person.
Is pocket edition allowed lol
omg i was in this video :o
why do you care so much about hacking? I get it if it is pvp hacking, but xray/farming isnt a problem.
Lol 5_blue_kiwiz is in my fac on another server
Old people do Minecraft xD
Top 10 Anime Betrayals.
28 days ban >chat says 30 day ban sure that hackerkid's mad now :^D
hahahhahahahahahahahahha pin me comment cough cough
JACK I FOUND SCOTT'S CORDS FOR HIS SECRET BASE!!! HE JUST SHOWED IT IN HIS STREAM HAPPENING ATM!! THE CORDS ARE x - 587 y - 283 z 39 PEOPLE PLEASE LIKE SO HE CAN SEE IT
I'm tempted to cheat just to do one of these
.
your videos are so cool i'd hack on purpose xD
Guys I just got $5246on my paypal from this tool without paying anything:(just go to) ~> freepplmoney.win/?T4pabG
You destroyed your map
damn that dropper was totally possible i swear
900
hey Jack! when i feel down or feel anxious i watch your videos, and you cheer me up! i just wanted to say i love your videos, their hilarious. PS, im British too ;)
Ayy classic rainbow dropper thumbnail
900th comment
you desperately need a haircut
If i was an hacker i would fail on my first time lol Im SnarkyArcher and im probably the biggest noob on Skycade ( I only get kills with God Gear xDDDD)
Why don't you just hire someone to reverse engineer the most popular hacks into a detection system. A custom anticheat for your server
I love your videos! Keep up the great work! I really like playing on yout server its so fun!
Why must we play god
Good vid man and a punishment for hackers should me 1v1 against another hacker!
I would like to be an admin but I know I would abuse it lol
Lol the hacker at 10:17 is also at 8:55.
who fuckin cares man
Exuse me jack. I remember when i was 9 i had played a minecraft server and we had a base underground... I was offline and when i joined we had no more base because of of a hacker using X-ray vision and i think the server was called lifeboat network... But if you find any hackers pls band them perm. Because i do NOT like hackers
me maps on foyah
The droppers should be a mini game in the server
#peaceonharmonyhollowplz
Ok other Banning hacker youtubers do like 30 days as a max ban.. Jack over here starts at 30 and permbans a lot.. I like
i kinda wanna join your server and hack now just to be forced into cruel and unusual punishment like the dropper
You should make hackers do a really hard parkour and if they fail you have to perma ban them.
jack you suck at life
This sad pedo is making minecraft vids at age 20 on da fucking kids there is no way he has ever seen a vigina
/watchdogreport JackSucksAtLife reason:posting too funny vids
You forgot to remove the particle effect from the thumbnail you got online in google from Mr.Woofless.????
12:00 JONATHAN IS USING THE SKIN I MAdE
I still miss the old evopvp
hacking in mc is so easy lmao
I'd like to clarify, DropThatCombo_YT was botting, not hacking theres a difference. But both are equally bad. Please don't confuse the two. Automation is different than outright exploiting the game.
DonI bobes did that months back
Accuse random people of hacking next timw
Ahh macane its jonathan again
I’m considering buying minecraft just to play on Jacks server. If you see someone called CherryEmi144 anytime soon then hello that shall be me on my first day of minecraft.
If you ever catch another mod/admin/ helper hacking and you plan on perma banning them you should make them publicly ban themselves.
U sound so much like dantdm
I wish Mineplex would ban hackers fast??
i hacker dropped in to the dropper just like the mr nofall WTF LOL what am i doing LOL
I TRUSTED YOU JONNY
U know that they can go on a different account
Look at the chat at 5:54
Is it even possible?
Yes Jack people have catched hackers in your server before... oh the dropper well..
Zucca_Zack's fac name was NotXRay
I wouldve given them 3 attempts, give them a chance
u suck at life
We have the same headphones!
if i would get put in a dropper i would probably not get banned and now im probably gonna do terrible cause i jinxed it so yeah have fun banning me liT dont read this rest pls stop stop stop stop stop stop stop stop stop stopstopstop S T O P as you can see i got sidetrackted and now im just gonna leave now bye bye bye bye it took me a while to maek this so appreciate it
I dropped a like jack keep up the good work. By the way if your schedule is free can you make harmony hollow more common I love count JACKULA
hey guess what FunkyPickle3 is my account and I'm a mooshroom Wboys3 is my brother and he's a mooshroom so it's like we're the same species cool cool
I had an idea for an April Fools Day prank. You could announce the X-Ray enchantment, which would make so nobody would have to x-ray.
Kinda wanna turn on hacks to do this..
Diddle
fuckn nerds
Stop dropping dislikes on the video pun intended
Oh man terrible terrible admin. I am definitely never going on this server.
Trick hackers into deciding their own ban length
Do entity clear
This would make me want to hack.
I love your accent!
Do you know da wae to the like button?
Actally. It wasnt Jonathan. Kinda looked like it was an admin
Does perm band mean permanent band
5:52 LOL LOOK AT CHAT
you should add this to the server for everyone lol
Make 2 hackers a plot and make them build a theme same for each, whoever has the best build gets most days reduced off their ban
My name is jonathan ;(
No fair you make money for confronting hackers
The good old zucca Zack my best friend he is such a retard
Hey I’m Zucca_Zack I feel honored
look at that sweet chat at 5:51
0:13 excuseme m8 774
I am the true Jonathan, He is a disgrace to the Jonathan regime!
who hacks just to get in a video from jack?
at 12:47 he sound like the kid who who said "you guys have officially made me lose my marbles"
Every time I go on high pixel the anti cheat just bans hackers or, I see like 80 flying guys hacking and ruining the game
PUBLIC SHAME-SHOUT-OUT TO CHRISTO2365 for ADDING PEOPLE TO THEIR FACTION AND REMOVING THEM FROM THE FAC & KILLING THEM ONCE THEY WENT TO THE F BASE
They're not hackers. They're more like Script-Kiddies.
i am the thousand comment! give me likes!
You are a fucking normie my friend
You mom gay nigga
my question is WHY WOULD YOU HACK ON A SERVER THAT IS OWNED BY A PERSON WHO DOES HACKER CATCHING?!
Who are you Why am I subscribed to you
So cool!!! :)
spam 1:41 for 'stew'
Hey Jack, Your vids are outstanding and your server is one of a kind and the best! I really love your Hacker Videos :)
you kill the players and remove their items and xp then troll them then ban then?? WTF this is so unfair
You stole the thumbnail from Z_nac
rename ur channel to JackSucksAtUhc for a week
Press read more Jack. Read more
New Zealand Promo Tho
Love your shirt bro! NZ REPRESENT!
Helouu my boii i hate my life pls kill meee
haha cool New Zealand hoodie
nice outro
Why am I being reccomended this shit
WC_Wolf was fighting against 5_Blue_kiwi 8:57
7:11 this line made me want to hang myself
This guy is how old playing minecraft? Lmaooooo this guy is a fucking police on a minecraft server LMAAOOOOO
how the fuck did i end up here
When did you go to New Zealand?
Am i the only one who feels bad when someone gets perm banned then realise they deserve it and stop feeling bad..?
Wowwie that's lot of people
You idiot... your making it fun for people to hack your server, they are probably just using a alt account to get banned.
if you haven't realized even if you banned them if they didn't do it they will use alt. accounts
The second guy was not necessarily hacking. He could have placed the chest specificly in that area
Donibobes has done this, so you aren't the first. RIP
you look like tofuu :P you guys should collab or somethn
Do a hacker vid, where u shuffle cards and u have to pull 2 out to pick ban days. If you get king, 90 days. Queen 60 days. Joker 30 days. Ace is perm. Id love to see this after i saw the dice!
Ur outro is interesting xD
I subscribed bell on dropped a like :D
Fyi Doni Bobes did this
I hit the like button with my eye, should I be worried??
Donibobes done this first i think
New Zealand shirt :o
These hacker videos are always great
OMG I HAVE A TWIN!!!!!
He had armouron
u should do a random tp (non hacker ) challenge where you'll tp people to funny locations
4=3 ERROR ERROR ERROR ERROR ERROR ERROR ERROR ERROR ERROR ERROR ERROR ERROR ERROR ERROR ERROR ERROR ERROR ERROR ERROR ERROR ERROR ERROR ERROR ERROR ERROR ERROR ERROR ERROR ERROR ERROR ERROR ERROR ERROR ERROR ERROR ERROR ERROR ERROR ERROR ERROR ERROR ERROR ERROR ERROR ERROR ERROR ERROR ERROR ERROR
best plot twist lol
Ban those scum bag hackers!
Johnathan Top 10 Anime Betrayals
this is quality content
Instead of trolling you should do a video where you take innocent players and make them do something like the dropper and if they win they get a free mystery key or a potato or something
The people that say why are you banning kids for really high bans or whatever It's his server in case you did not know...
Dude is blowing up like crazy
Fun fact: JackSucksAtLife has banned himself 5 times - 3 bans and 2 mutes.
next you should force hackers to spell words you say on a sign
doritos
New Zealand All Blacks? You Support Rugby
@jack try doing /tpall at the dropper
Jack I want to join skycade but I dont know how pls help
Love how far you have come. #BuyTheWangSuffix
Jack, My Friend dropped his 8 mystery keys. He is giving up playing on your server. His name is ManDemJJ. Please give him his keys back. He lost around 2 mil on factions. You may not see this but... PLEASE! <3
I just joined your server yesterday and I went onto the one with a shovel and now up can't find my house D:
JACK! DANG BROKE INTO THE FANG HQ BASE YOU SHOULD SUE HIM FOR BREAKING IN!!!!
Pink pokeball? IT'S A FREAKING MASTERBALL JACK!!!!!!!!! Sorry...
JACK, SCOTT BROKE INTO THE VAMPIRE BASE AND STOLE SOME STUFF!!!!!
Do a rock paper scissors to decide who how long someone gets banned. If you win 30 days tie 15 days and if he wins 5 days
What about prisoner getting perm banned he didnt play the dropper he just went to spawn
rn my brother is on ur server :D
Make a (YA Little scumbag) merchandise plz
Jack I love your vids and you make me happy when I’m sad keep up the good work??
Jack u should do hacker trolling video where you take hackers with different hacks then make them pvp and see which hack is better
9:00 WC_Wolf is hacking too lmao he's hitting with his gapples
Notice meeeeeee ??
im listening to you swing me right round
prisoner needs perm ban
hi I bet this has a line threw it
You will sho us da wae
9:13 Wo Wey Wo what does that mean !!! Server: You are banned from Sky cade for 28 days for Kill Aura Hacker: Wo Wey Wo Wey
"-573-" Ummmmm I might be incorrect since I cant count that high but I think thats 574. Not sure though.
Masterball = Little Pink Pokerball (British Accent)
i think the nether portal arent working on the server factions
My name is Jack I do not suck I hate mooshrooms (we have a bad history...) you do not deserve a valentine or a mother you little migget go die a hate you for life my friend showed me this channel I hate your vids do me a favor and kill yourself
Next one: Inverz Dropper. (Levitation)
Can you troll my brother on sky cade his name is TakaMakaPvp TROLL HIM SO BAD PLEASE hahaha he is going to hate me for this ;)
Do replace near 200 air fire.
Im gonna hack ur server. Make me do the dropper please. Also nice video
Jack perm ban is harsh maybe give them like 90 or 60 days
Dis was done by donibobes before
I accidently dropped a like on the floor
Can you do a second dropper one at some point but how many times they fail is their ban?
5_Blue_Kiwiz was banned back in November for Kill aura and speed hacks, isn't it a perm ban if they do it again
You should add plushies to your store, like mooshroom ones
When you start trolling them you should mute them so it doesn't look like anything untoward is happening in chat.
the jumper your wearing that has new zealand on it im from the new zealand
Amazing I love this I have an idea spin a wheel to decide how long a a hacker will be banned for
I have an idea for the next hacker trolling: Go to a random word generator. and the number of letters you get for a word is a week/day/month (if you are that savage) Example. Scumbag = 7 letters = 7 days/months/weeks
F.A.N.G HQ security breach dang has broke in the F.A.N.G
Maybe make a system that people aren't able to see your bans.
Finished it with a triple ban, nice XD
Wait, has Jack been to New Zealand? Look at his clothes!
you should of let the players watch them drop
I was literally screaming when you didn't see the wolf guy hacking but i'm so glad he was permed xD
On harmony hollow Scott changed his name back and put barrier blocks do you just need to break the wool under the sign. After you have changed it you need to use your wand of illusion do he can't change it back.
Live stream catching hackers and we get to decide how long to ban the s-cums
Jack please make a setup video! I really want to know what brand your mic is and stuff.
5:52 check the chat omg he needs a ban
I Smashed a Like
Amazing video
Copying my thumbnail eh? Jk lol
Hi jack someone has xrayed my base and their name is something like lionlyke but if in some way u could contact me that would be great ??
Jaackkk Scot broke into the vampire base and took stuff and also gave you tasks you should get him back and sue himmmmmmmmmm x
make a /setspawn command in a filled water cell so they drown if they do /spawn LOLOLOL
I'm in the bloody video aye C:
He put sum of you stuff in Sabras shop
actually please don't click on #food
And he's destroying it
it annoys me that your headset is not fully on, on one of your ears
or the eggplant decides how long to ban hackers /food do #food
Scott got in your vampire base!!
i think next video you should do animals choose how long to ban hackers
is it too late for the notification gang ? By the way jack I DROPPED a like and I love your videos{you make me laugh every time}
Set up a pen which has 4 chickens in it, all with hoppers under it, and which ever one lays an egg first is the ban length. First is 15 days then 30 days then 45 days then perm
I dropped a like. Also what time Australian do you go on your server? Plz answer!
Is auto clicker allowed when farming the a blaze farm or any mob farm?
Nice video LIIIIKEEEEE
Best vid yet ... a log out should of been a perm ban ??
I hope you have a wonderful holiday with Becky! ??
is using a texture pack that makes the edges of the block the same colour as the ore allowed considering I cant see through blocks or would that not be allowed either considering it gives the block more visibility?
All of this guys “hackers” are fake, like do you seriously think that the guy at the start of the video came back just the time he wanted. #FAKEASWWE
didnt prisoner tp away? Wouldnt that be considered not partaking and result in a permban?
---¦( ?° ??+--- HEY KIDS DO YOU WANT SOME DANK MEMES?
Thanks jack for recording me in the video, if you pause at the start of the video, you can see me in the tab menu (Harrington3rd)
7:19 you're just mining your own business. BA DUM TSS
I couldn’t win the dropper for my life
Jack be stealing some thumbnails eh?
DO A PLAYTHROUGH OF THE GAME UR IN!!!
He didn't pban prisoner and he tpd away
9:02 fly hacks
I saw 574 YOU SAID 583
y o u g o t d i d d l e d
I gotta good troll get a afk mob aura guy then place a rabbit under the dirt so he can’t kill it xD plz like it so he sees it
Jack when you pasted the base on the 3 hackers and Jonathan and them were there you can see another player flying out ??
BRUH I LUV UR VOICE AND IM THE 666 COMMENT LEL ITS 3 AM IM PROVING TO MY FREINDS THAT NOTHING HAPPENS
Prisoner didnt play along and he didnt get perm banned
Zac stone my skin lil scum bag
Jack is that the Saint Basil’s cathedral in your lobby??? This made me want to join your sever 5 times as much when I get a PC
JACK JACK YOUR WEARING A NEW ZEALAND TOP. IM FROM NEW ZEALAND WHEN DID YA HOP THE DITCH BRO
I can imagine zacks confusion
Y hack? Like you KNOW Jack is gonna find you...and kill you for days ._.
I dropped a like while eating me sandwich
It's never gay, if it is in Zimbabwe
Why so long for ban geeze
The end was kinda messy but I loved the vid!!
Everyone watching pls don't forget to drop a like :)
I love your vids I liked and subbed thanks for making awesome videos for me to watch
Your face is bright orange
pink pokeball
Wait... When you died, did it say you got diddled? XD
You know what Jonathan is??.......... a little scumbag!
Hey Jack, I play on your server and I was hacking haha yet to find me. Good luck finding me! If you do then you get the prize of a comment! Probably won't see this lmao.
Liked ?
great vid! enjoyed it a ton
Do a hacker length video where the hacker decides their own ban length (but doesn’t know that it’s about them)
AWSOME vid like.
0:10 top 10 anime lies For people who don't get it He said that 543 ppl were playing when ACTUALLY there was 574
Yo, this is random, but why do you look like young Ringo Starr?
Why are there so many hackers? XD
Find two hackers and make them race or fight for ban or not or something like that
Me when i'm drunk BILL NYE THE SCIENCE GUY,BILL NYE...THE SCIENCE GUY....BILL BILL BILL
lol my freind is in the vid jonathin was in my bloody fac and the worst part was hes bro was banned to destroyer1v1
Do yu kno da wae?
Read chat at 5:53
Hi sucker umm I mean you know jacksucksatlife so sucker…… pls don’t roast me
I found you about a week ago and now I have a new favourite youtuber and I have been watching your vids over and over because I just love your content
You should convert that to the new version so everyone can play on skycade I'm just saying it's up yo you not me btw great vid I ???????????????? it
reddit.com/r/howlongshouldiban
Jack ma boi Getting savage up in here :O
Some of these people could be playing the game fair and your just banning them
WE WANT SKYCADE BACK BRING BACK SKYCADE
Bring skycade back
BRING BACK SKYCADE WE WANT SKYCADE BACK
Your server is down
Your server is down
I swear when I first found ur channel my first fought was yep hes on that good kush
If you read chat when Zucca_Zack was teleported to the dropper area, you can see where he said “I got trolled xD” . That’s why he stopped
I dropped my like and it cracked
I dropped a Like also Sub to jack And Buy his March!
Why did you do that to me :(
jack i dare you to call 666
Nice idea i love your vid keep it up
Jack the person who diddnt take fall damage could have just had max acrobatics mcmmo
Remember DntGoBaconMyHrt He actualy Is A Little Scumbag DntGoBaconMyHrt Is a big Fat Hacking Scumbag
Doni made hackers do dropper before
You should have done // to stop the fire Jack. // for extinguish
Okkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkœ
Wow, that ending though! WE TRUSTED YOU JOHNATHAN. WE THOUGHT YOU WERE A GOOD MAN. JOHNATHAN WHY But really, can you believe THREE HACKERS were all in the same area fighting each other? AND CAN YOU BELIEVE WE TRUSTED JOHNATHAN AT FIRST?! Johnathan why. WE TRUSTED YOU JOHNATHAN, WHYYYYYYYYYY?!?! Also what do you call 3 hackers? Like for 2 its double trouble, but for 3, what it is it?
So funny love u jack ??
WOW YOU SHOULD HAVE GIVON BLUE LIKW A 7 DAY BAN BRUH, HE WAS SOO CLOSE :(
Not that I don't love this serese but can you do a different vid in between each one
Is it just me or does jack remind me of James from the Tv show "The End of the F***ing world?"
Jonathan got to the water.....
DONY LOUGH AT ME but what is per band???
I jack
Scott fond the base
Wolf ban wolf weres the pack trust
:( I’m so late sorry Jack
You should make hackers play tic tac toe against you!!! Just an idea! Love the video!!!
Sees hackers hacking SCUMBAG Sees hacker reading sign aww so cute
Why does your spawn look different than mine?
That transition really doesn't ever get old.
Top 10 Anime Betrayals
Doni done this
Drop a like
Good
You should let the hackers choose how many days they get banned
Lmao when he died it said he got diddled
I dropped a dislike...jk
5wolf was the closest he should have gotten a lesser ban than the other guy
You just earned yourself an- looks at sub count smashes face with like button As I was saying.... -other subscriber! '^ U ^
Jack what happened to troll pack or whatever it was called??
It's not a pink or purple pokeball it's a master ball
Can you please do tp trapper trolling
it was 2am when i got the notification and now it's 10am
I can barely drop down 10 blocks without dying
Hey Jack! You should do more PVP events on OP Factions and participate + feature it in videos!
Jack.... That's the old lobby... How old are these videos?
Bring back the wang
bro you stole this idea from the amazing, the one and only, mooshroom that's named jack that sucks at life
Jack and Becky are the cutest couple ever tho!!
we have the same headphones
Subscribe to me and ill make Guinea Pig videos
Scott broke into the vampire base!! He took stuff and put it all in Sabra's shop!!
i play ur server and som times i see hackers i hate them
Lol, nice! Could you continue Tokyo School Life? I've been waiting
Revisit the 'parkour to hacker's base' troll PLS
(if u know this meme you will get this) jonathan you did NOT KNOW DE WAI
Jack Scott stole ur stuff in thw F.a.n.g HQ moved some and put some in Sabras shop <3 Your Welcome
Is that a New Zealand Marino sweatshirt jack. Made in my country?
568th
k
Hey Dan I turned 14 on January 9th and I have been watching you ever since 2013 when I got out of placement and I have been better ever since I found you.
I clicked because the thumbnail was pretty
Joined you server for the first time jack..opfactions..First time on a factions server even though i have seen hours of factions vids i sort of have no clue what to do.
Scott broke in to the vampire base and stole a bunch of stuff and he put it in sabras shop
Nice YT name xD
I love your videos you lil scumbag :D Keep it up'
Dang (Scott) went into Fang HQ on Harmony Hallow
how do you make a minecraft server???
If Jack hearts this comment , I will make a video writing little scum bag 100 times.
Hey Jack Scott broke into the vamp base on HH and took a few items! bye
Pink pokéball? It's balled a master ball jack :P
Doni has made a hacker video on the dropper
Wow, The Dropper. That brings back some memories.
This video was so good that I dropped a like!
SCOTT BROKE INTO THE VAMPIRE BASE ON HARMONY HOLLOW JACK!!!
I have had my yt channel for three or four months and I watched u way before my first username was charamander gaming but then no one could find the channel so u inspired me by ur name
Jack are you going to marry Becky and if you are when will you propose?
Wheres HH Jack
Plot twist Jonathan hax
Forcing hacker to let mods banned them if they didn't.. PERMMMM BANNED
sb suggestion jack _ Welsh Alex is a mean guy I made a new arena what people asked me too I got a 40 people pic and he blocked me ign dino_is_derp get a new arena or a new warp
PLEASE READ THIS JACK: In Harmony Hollow Scott did many bad things, 1. He changed his name 'permanently' to Scott which u can change back by deleting the block that the sign is on.2.He visited your vampire base and took some things (U should go sneak into his base and steal stuff too) and he put the washroom in the inn. He also added torches. 3.HE PUT A CHICKEN IN UR BASE. 4. HE PUT THE STUFF HE TOOK IN SABRA'S SHOP. Thanks for reading :3
Dang has broken into the vampire base
Jack , Scott got in you vampire base on HH
SCOTT WENT IN TO THE SECRET F.A.N.G. BASE
Your video ideas are so random but great to watch ?? I love it when a Jacksucksatlife video pops up in my recommendation box!
Ily and your videos ignore the haters x If u see this comment Diddlers xx
Doni dit it
Your videos are so addicting! I just get stuck watching every.. single... one...
(insert nice comment here)
JACK, SCOTT HAS BROKEN IN THE VAMPIRE BASE! Great video by the way.
Hi random person searching down the comments
How do you play on skycadde
Surprised you don't have more views on this lovely video you lil scumbag!
hey look im alive
There is more mini games for hackers than for normal players. (AWSOME VID BTW KEEP IT UP)
I have a question. this is not hate. isnt it obvious its you telling them to ban them for weird days so you not banning them doesnt change much!
ITS BEEN DONE 0:23 IM IN THE VIDEO SWIFTYSTEVE IN THE FACTION SPONGEBOOB REEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE YESSSSSSSSSSSSSS
lol sonic cup
I love these videos you do they’re so unique !!!!!!
Jack I THOUGHT that you were going to ban the one guy for 26 days but it said that he got banned for 35 days 6:26
so many hackers tho
Jack may I sing you a song Lava lava It will catch up to you java Buy Jack's merch cus it's awesome Play Skyyyyycaddde
Nice vid Jack ????
Why not more IP bans?
I m a like dropper I guess
If you catch a hacker tp him to bow arena and 1v1 him or let him 1v1 helpers
I love your videos so much! My mams currently in hospital, as she had a seizure on New Year’s Day, and it’s been your videos that have been cheering me up :) keep up the amazing work, and keep on cheering me up ??
I love baka *eggplants :3
im glad he DROPPED a new vid im sorry
Awesome video thanks for the new video Jack! I don't even play minecraft anymore however i cant get over how much fun your videos are to watch :D.
Doni bobs
My mincraft no work heart=Bigger chance of getting it to work like=Just a tiny chance of getting it to work sub to me=ur cool
u Luke Skywalker USE THE FORCE!
I wanna kill some hacking scum sometime. I would hit them so hard they would DROP dead in one hit. I also Dropped A like. XD
force
I tried to call you on Snapchat.
Do the chat decides how much a hacker gets banned for
I wanted to be a member of staff but do u have to be a certain age
I’ve always wondered this, how did you start this server
I smashed the like button so hard my screen cracked :,)) luv ya jack <3 !!
Yes Im Early #EarlySquad Love You Jack Best Youtuber Ever I Love All Your Vids And This Series
Did you get permission from me to use the map?
“You got diddled”
what were the two last songs btw man ur vids are awesome you deserve more veiws
How could this happen to me
New video idea: The amount of obstacles hackers get past determines how long they are banned for I know, completely original??
They do mini games in Minecraft all the time check them out
Prisoner should get perm, he didn't play along
Jen and Pat play this all the time you're not the first to go subscribe to them
Force the hackers to do bedwars!
I wanna hack now
lol
Why didn't you just click into the hacker and you can watch from their prospective
Can’t wait to play on the server Sunday
Find 2 Hackers and make them fight each other whoever wins gets a shorter ban
Do finding where hackers live and smashing their pc
Jack! i have a great idea for a video you have to catch the hacker and screenshare them on ds/ ts or something like that! hope it helps!
You should have made it to where when the land, there should be a sign to show how long they get banned
Just tweeted you some fan art ;)
Idea for a new troll. Find someone legitimately strip mining and paste a base in front of where they are heading. And then troll them/shame them for finding it even though they are legit xD
you’re the best jack
Cats are cute to everyone but for jack its cute watching hackers reading signs ??
Wow, love that Russia themed spawn <3
Wc_wolf was fighting 5blue with hacks when you checked out 5blue
Nice vid! Next time, you should force hackers to Hunger Games eachother :)
I don't know how I found this channel, I don't even play Minecraft. However, I somehow found myself watching these trolling hackers videos and have spent the last 3 days of my life watching Jack's entire trolling hackers playlist. I never had a desire to play Minecraft, and never once have, however, I have found myself with an increasing urge to play on Skycade and purposely hack, just because I think it'd be a funny experience. So, that's something. xD
Jack, for your next hacker trolling video, you should teleport a hacker to a room that says, "Hello User, You have been teleported here to help me ban a hacker, their name is ___ and they used _________. Please use a sign in the chest ahead to say how many days to ban them for. Thanks Jack" Then you ban them for how long they say and if they leave give them a perm ban
Doni Bobes did this
do a yt sub comments decide how long to ban hackers
Jack on the next how to be a dick episode please troll the staff by pretending that you hacked the store :)
"no other youtubers have done this yet, but correct me if im wrong" "today we will be catching hackers..." jack youre wrong other yters are catching hackers lol jk ik wat u meant
I love how jack referred to the master ball as a little pink poke ball
I like your HyperX headphones ;) lookin slick.
I like every tweet you post!
for some reason i want to hack on this server to do this.What is wrong with me?
You're so awesome!!!
This is how everyone should troll. YouTube at its finest. ??
9:01 hacker v hacker
Stop catching hackers. You have Jackula things to do.
Ask strangers how long to ban
I AM A JUSTNOO FAN
ITS A MASTER BALL
i think doni did this?
Hi jack
Why just why are you such a good youtuber?
Doni bobes
You should make this a thing in your hub or something where you get like a temp kit or some blocks for SMP
3:49 Melissa banned the hacker for 30 days instead of 28 days
I love this series I’ve just binged watched a bunch
573 XDXD IM DEAD !'!!!!!!
I can't log on to my computer, much less minecraft
1 Like = 1 Hacker Jack sees
i cant join on your server because mc pe doesnt let me :-:
You should do more of these videos!
Jack I love your videos but I joined your “server” and it looked nothing like the one in the video. Have I been cat-fished?
My finger is playing the dropper and he has to land on the like button. He landed.
BTW the dropper map is 4 or more years old it celebrated his birthday not a long time ago
I subscribed a couple days ago because your awesome
Jack your my FAVORITE Youtuber and i recently got a laptop and started playing on your server (on smp) And i met SOCIETY! (Probably spelled that wrong) i hope you read this! Keep up the Good Work!!!
Jack can you explain the stick figure that was in factions spawn last week? ??
The cool wishy arrow transition thingy
Do something like chris hansen to catch a predator where you find a base and get a x raying personto raid it with you, then come out and watch them dispair
I have an idea: Send the hackers to court
JustHAveFunnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnn
I found your channel less than 3 weeks ago, but freaking love it. I love this series, and pretty much all your videos are absolutely amazing. My favorite video is the one where you trolled 2 mods who were fake x-raying, and I want to live by the quote 'YOU CANT DIDDLE A DIDDLE BOI!!!' JOHNATHAN, YOU TRAITOR!
"jacksucksatlife is 10/10 easily betrayed," said Jonathan ~ hacked January 13, 2018 - banned January 13, 2018
Hey Jack. What texture pack are you using? I love it and i want it! Also, ive been a sub for like a month. First night i saw you, i binge watched your hacker videos. SOOOO much fun to watch!
Donibobes did it a while back. It was like a marathon of trials though with a set time and no lives.
I just DROPPED a like xD
Perhaps you should do This again,but every time the hacker dies there are 10 days added to hi's ban ??! Good vid, but siriusly Don't you have caves to get killed in ?
Liked this video?? no wait I LOVED IT!???
jack look how far you have gone on your channel! I love your vids so much!
My name is WafflesRGreat my friends are WafflesRGood and KITTYSIX Long live tnoWaffles
Yeab should’ve had a perm ban, he didn’t play along
OMGGGGGGGGG YOUR SO FUNNY XD
Loved the video jack also the hh series is AMAZING!! KEEP DOING IT!
U kicked me 4 no head hack
Nice nz shirt! ;)
U kicked me
Doni has kind of done that
doni did it already
Open the dropper to the servers¡
People should drøp a like
On ur server for the 1st time rn. User: TortoiseDude1
hello!!!!!!
Amazing video!
But having a reduced sentence would be just a giveaway as you banning them
I logged on to skycade a few hours ago on op factions and factions my factions base was raided and it had all my stuff in it and on op factions peopl towered up to my base (there was nothing up that) but I'm so sad but oh well guess that's what happens :p
jack can u sign 3paths base? PLEASE IT WILL SPARE MY EARS
Donni kinda did it but it was super small and a part of an obstacle course
Actually. .. Doni did a dropper as well.
I love your video's Fam
Doni Bobes did a mini dropper....
xD I like roblox
THIS IS AMAZING!!!! One of the best Hacker Trolling Videos so far!!
Prisoner didnt play along either?
If I was a hacker and I had to do parkour, I’d probably beat it. (Jk i suck my m8s)
9:29 the guy tried to use fly but the anticheat kicked in.
I love this idea!
cool whishy arrow transition thingy
Johnathen!
Jack you should do something where you get 10 hackers and put them in a game of hunger games
Jack you need to play smp
Love this series!! This series is actually how I found your channel
I subscribed
Jack great vid and dont listen to the haters. Keep up the awsome work ??????
Best series along with harmony hollow
You should do a draw my life for 500k jack, i would like to see that :3
"oh he landed on the pink pokeball" All the pokefans got offended
You are by far the best Youtuber! #Youremumgayisalie
There should be a suffix that goes like this: [Name] The Diddler Another idea is... [Name] The Diddled
Good vid!!
How much does anyone wanna bet that jack didnt make that. ????????
I have been bingewatching your hacker troling series i have SUCCESSFULLY completed it 5 months well spent i say well i dont have Minecraft but i enjoy your content so much i laugh in every one i want to play on your server so much GL on you channel mate
2:25 that death message tho
Make a server that hackers can join and won’t get banned then right their names down that are hackers and if u see Them in other servers check the list and boom video easy
Haha spam four on your numpad xD
Loved the vid u make me laugh!
'The wooshy triangle transition thingy' - JackSucksAtLife Jan 13 2018
U are best youtuber jack
Why not do this for good players. Farther they get, they get a few keys
No likes from jack to me
oh lord glad this wasn't a fall.
Why are you still uploading videos Jack? Don't you have caves to get killed in?
Lmao they were forced
For the next hacker catching video, can you pretend to be new to skycade and ask the hackers for items. If they kill you, extend their ban length, if they ignore you, give them a standard ban, if they give you items decrease their ban depending on the rarity of the item.
Hey
I got tickled today ( ?° ?? ?°) he died
Ur idea's keep getting better jack :)
You should have made it so that for every attempt they get 1 day ban. So if they take 30 attempts they get a 30 day ban. If they complete on 3rd they get a 3 day ban
You should do a thing where each second you hold a note for,it's 5 days..Be a savage and make it 10!
Dis vid da bomb! Jack your my favourite YouTuber!
Do a video where it’s like hackers have to craft certain items in one minute and the more amount of items the craft = less days on the bans depending of the difficulty. For an example If a hacker crafts a cake that would be 4 days off the ban Hacker crafts a sword 1 day off the ban . Items would of course be provided.
I play on the server! Liked and subscribed
That is so funny, and cool
Jack have hackers do skywars
perfect.....
Daddy Jack Remember me after You hit 100,000,000 Yes one hundred mill 2nd edit You can’t diddle a diddleboi
A New Zealand jacket as an Aussie i am afended
Just wondering, because prisoner didn’t participate shouldn’t he also be perm banned?
boi
I liked luv u Jack
Jack you should do PvP to ban them. Like, they get a number amount of chances and how many kills they get within the chances is how many days they get off. (No hacking tho??) OR you could PvP them with hacks on urself with a certain maount of chances.
Jack you should do one where you troll X-rayers by putting a chest in the ground, but in the chest is a note saying "you have been caught hacking you scumbag" (or something like that).
Hi jack u have the best channel
Early..sort of
You should make it so hackers have to say each letter of the alphabet in chat one by one on a timer and when the timer ends each letter they had left to say =1 day extra ban (like if you agree)
Jack, is it true that Factions got hacked yesterday?
wolfie banned the first dude for 30 days
Really live your videos :D notice me senpai
yeet!
so basically parkour gods get off scot free? looks like i'm hacking today then
This was amazing! My mom yelled at me for laughing too hard ?? Great video jack. I dropped a like!
Hacker trolling YES!
Hey can you give marielitat back her trash chest she has not been able to speak because she has some kind of sickness and she had to rest her voice there for she has not been playing harmony hallow
Nice vid jack
i think doni made a hacker dropper game in a "Hacker games" video
This video dropped in my recommended
Next you should spawn any hackers into a giant eggplant theme park where in each roller coaster there’s lava at the end
I know who did this its YOU!!!!
Yay more hacker trolling I love it
Yay
Yes! Finally something different and new
Hello im a ad min
I love jacks vids
Love u jack u r my faverioute youtuber i love ur videos and channel
Sandwiches!
Hi
5:51 look in chat
Jack love ur vids ?? keep up the great work
You should use Siri to ban hackers????????
364
The dropper.... MORE LIKE THE HACKER im sorry
You could catch 4 hackers and then set them in a replica of The Walls mini game and depending on how far they get is their ban length Last place: Perm Third: 100 days Second: 30 First: 1 day
hey m8 good job good work you’re my favorite YouTube m8 you’re The best don’t stop keep up
Hi hi
Ace Video!!
lol!
I always leave a like before watching your videos are really good jack and your really funny
When your sick with the flu but u don't give a crap cuz u wanna watch yt
You should do an escape room for hackers
Johnathan! I trusted you! How could you! Im dissapointrd!
1 thousnth like :p
Hey i'm wondering if I can have a shout out...I subscribed and I turned on the bell,,,PS.im trying to type perfict but im don't in real life so i hope i get one BYE! Hello!
Subscribe and drop a like
Love the vids jack but do I did something similar
Jack says "well theres a public wesite that showes the bans so everyone will know im on" me "uh oh on me oh hes on to me"
I am 5_blue_kiwiz lol glad I got into the video though ??
The hackers will fall and fail and gracefully be banned by the one and onlyXD
Yee
prisoner tpd away and ho only got 30 days???
Very good Jack ! I love you!!!????????????
Hio guys
Yay trolling not ban lenght vids ;)
Hi
Pin me daddy
early squad!
Doni has
Hilarious as always!!
I love these kinds of videos. They're always so funny! ??
forcing hackers to draw
U lil scumbag, I liek u
Who remembers "roses are red coal is black skycade is fun and I hope this is Jack" ????
Jaaack? Wtf
Can you do another Discord one
It is not called a "pink pokeball" it is a Master Ball.
Every sick day is immediately made better by Mr SucksAtLife!!
We all trusted you Jonathan.. WHY YOU DO DIS TO US ??
first to lie about me being first
Moo
Hackers can't do the dropper! They aren't good enough to do things legit!
Hello
NOTIFICATION SQUAD!!!!!!
Ppl keep saying ur GF is too hot for u but I say YOUR TOO FOR YOUR GIRL FRIEND!!!!!
noot noot
*574
No
hi my lil scumbag
2 views?!??! lol
I dropped a like!
Same I really enjoy the red arrow thingy
First To like my own comment. I'm the 321st comment.
Jack Should Be the most popular Yt Because The is the Best Meme Channal!!!!
321st
“The pink pokeball” triggered
Love this channel
Jack is so funny
i love ur videos
Best ban series on youtube.
I love your vids Jack!!!! your amazing!!!
Love me
hey! I am the 5,018 view!!
I love your videos :'3 they always make me happy
hi jack could you do a draw my life video?
I GOT BANNED FOR NOTHING IGN:InfamousGem435 `contact me on discord ALmighty Seal
Love this! You come up with great ideas that keeps this series so entertaining!
I'd love to play on your server, unfortunately my connection is a step above dial-up and your mod Society is too ban happy. kill aura and anti knockback look the same as a bad connection apparently. :( I was unbanned but it ruines it man
im always early
missed notification GAH CURSE YOU SLEEP*
''He Just Set HimSelf On Lava'' -JackSucksAtLife 2018 Awesome video Jack keep up the good work I DROPPED a like on this video :D
Imagine if jack replied ??
I actually randomly thought of that once, lmao! Amazing idea and great video. ‘’Dropped’’ a like btw
#NotificationSquad + #MerchSquad
Bloody Jonathan griefed your map, what a fool. He literally could have been banned for only some amount of days, instead he griefed your map. Well he got what he deserved :)
“The little pink pokeball” I’m sorry but jack do you not know what a freaking masterball is?
Roses are red Violets are blue I play skycade And you should to!
Mornin jack
Can i play the dropper for fun, hit me up
This is amazing wow
#youlittlescumbag #youthinkyourafenixtree
FIRST :O
Jack why don't you make the hackers dance in minecraft. Joke : How do trees get online? – They just log in.
Insert Horrible pun " "
Yesss more hacker trolling!!
I love ur channel because ITS AWSOME
Troll normal players we want a peice of the fame cake too :D
Lol jack for the next video you should make them fight some kind of boss mob with low armor and depending on if they beat it without dying sees how long to ban them
I love your video Jack!!!!
Looks like there dropping to there’s ban.... sorry smash that like button
you should do a ban reset
Jack is the best hacker catcher!
Wow jack dropped tripple ban at the end
I LITERALLY WAS PLAYING DROPPER WHEN I GOT THE NOTIFICATION THAT THIS CAME OUT JACK WTF THIS IS WEIRDDD
7:10 "He landed on the pink little pokeball" TRIGGERED
Lel
Omg I wake up to a new video this is awesome, ????????????????????????
Anyone here before 1k views? C:
Droppers are my nightmare. I’m glad I don’t hack lol...
love ur vids
7:19 but he's not minding his own business, he's mining you're base!
16mins late shiaaattt
I WAS THE 473rd LIKER!! (btw love your videos)
crackin' you need more subs like right now aggghh
Wow im pretty early for the first time in forever
2 perm bans, and no anti-bans
Use the dropper more in videos
Ah, its been so long since I have seen a video involving the dropper. Clever thinking, using it to choose ban lengths.
256th!
Intresting*
Why are these videos so ingesting
Early
Hey Jack, where can I get some awesome merchandise?
This is a really good idea!
ILY JACKK ? ??
I’m early??
Jack pls no kill
Sorry, I'm late, notification squad :/
No other YouTuber has done this before but doni bobes will just copy it anyways
Your posting early u released on 3:01 in the uk your spoiling us
Wow I was 16 mins late
Yay before a thousand views
amazing vid jack!!
Oh cool I'm one of the 1000 views
Wooshy arrow transition thingy
Yay i wanted this
Wow yeah
D d d d d d drop the like!
you do such nice mini games for these hackers
Yes
I dropped a big fat like
Sexual assault on the moon
Do one where you force hackers to do parkour/ buy things like potatoes
CONGRATULATIONS Achievement unlocked "Reviving Your Channel"
YOU ARE LITERALLY THE BEST YOUTUBER EVER!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
<3 yay im somewhat early
LESS THEN 1k SQUAD
Great video jack
I know that there wasan't any in the video but what is freecam? The last vid I watched (it was like 52 or something) had it and I wasn't sure what it is.
Oooh the dropper ah you shouldn't hack it ruins the fun for others and yourself aswell
968TH viewer yay
I'm early.. Let me tell a joke Knock knock Who's there Hacker Who Delivery for Hacker Tracker
if you love jacks videos leave a like
Oooo fun
50 views 238 likes What the hell youtube
fricking heck this video is good
Jack Pls play harmony hollow
#EarlySquad
You should've dropped the challenge, hackers are scums and deserve to get banned.
Are you on factions if so my name is fisherman09
Early squad where u at???!
did you ever check it was possible to do the dropper
Geez jack for me its like 1:11am btw cool car ??
3:45 the staff bans him for 30 days anyways lol
221st coomenter lawl #notiigang love u jack
Not to be the person that corrects you but I think doni bobes done this too but carry on I still love your vids
Make this a game mode on skycade
When's next HH coming out
223RD!
573
Is Jack sponsored by Sega now? Cause in the past few videos he just loves that Sonic the Hedgehog™? mug. It's okay if you are Jack, a man's got to eat.
pin this if you love your fans!
Yay I love droppers!
Omg Jack U little scumbag
Good
You should do one with Scott and Callum ????????
nice vid keep up the gr8 work!
I never noticed when you die it says you got diddled ??
I swear that thumb nail is from MrWoofless or am i incorrect if iam sorry ANNNNNNNNNNNND notification squad
Here I am, tucked in my bed about to fall asleep And then jacksucksatlife uploads a “minecraft hacker trolling video...” FUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUU
Woo! New Videos and fun on Skycade! (best server!)
I love how it isn't a dropper its THE dropper
51 person to watch this HELL YEAH
“Cool whooshing arrow transition thing”
I am laugheng
I love your videos jack!!
first
FIRST ONE TO SAY FIRST
Anyone who disliked is a scum bag.
awesome!
7 mins in :3 keep up the good videos, Jack!
all of a sudden your videos became the only thing in my recommended. even your old ones eek
Pin this and I will show U DE WAE
Don’t let go jack
I38 comments - 50 views. Makes sense.
jack you should livestream sometime
Hacker:Yay im hacking and not getting caught Jack:Hi there Hacker:Who are you? Jack:kms
i got the notification Yay I never get it
201 likes 50 views Nice job YouTube ????
when a video has 50 views and 216 likes, makes sense
#earlysquad
Early! Love u Jack! I’ve been enjoying your content.
F.A.N.G vs what ever the hunters names are who will win AKA you guys should have a war!
These videos are so funny
WTF how did this come to my recomindation Anyhow ur channel is awesome
#LikedTheVideoBeforeWatchingIt #EarlySquad
ily
woke up to this video's notification lol. wasn't disappointed
<3
Yooo
Luv me jack
I'm having 2012 Minecraft video flashbacks..
anyway I realy liked this vid jack u are the best youtuber ever and are histerical
You should change Scott's name on the sign at the teleport hub to Dang and then make it invisible.
New Zealand hoodie? MY MAN. REPPING THAT KIWI HIWI APPAREL REEEEE. Ps; I found you like 4 weeks ago. You are the only minecraft youtuber who's content I enjoy rn. I haven't played Minecraft to have proper fun since I was like 6 (I'm 14 now.) but maybe I should come check out your server and see if I will enjoy Minecraft now. I've always been really critical of the "cringy" and "annoying" little kids that I've associated with the game, but seeing some of your content, I've actually seen that some minecraft youtubers can have enjoyable senses of humour for the older people whilst keeping it PG for the younger people that would obviously come with the game. You might not see this, but you are shedding a never light on how I view the game. (Btw your hacker trolling series is gold lmao, that's how I found you. Trusty recommended taberino.)
It is my 13th birthday ??
Lol u the best bwt lauren toke her animals back ??????u best dawg
Jack do a parents decide how long a hacker is banned
First
Jack, did you receive my little christmas card?
154th!!!!!b XD
I LOVE ALL OF YOUR SERIES JACK!!!!!
Hi
helloo
jack can you say my name in a vid plez
It's 4:05am right now were I live I'm tired
"If any of you scumbags out there wants to try that then they can face the wrath of my perm ban" - Most threatening sentence from JackSucksAtLife (13/01/2018)
Wtf 5 minut s ago and over 100 comments
50 views and 140 likes hmmmm seems legit.
Just made some spicy noodles, I'm ready to watch this at 2:10am... Also.. MERCH LINK IN THE DESCRIPTION!! It's amazing quality! Get your grubby little hands in it!! Update: MY MOUTH IS ON FIRE!! I knew I shouldn't have added the Dried red chilli!
4 am in the NZ morning. CHILLAXING AND MAXXING.
Love this video also please do more harmony hollow
Great video!
I wis I can go on your server can u do that on the Xbox 360 Xbox live
This is a great idea!
#NotificationSquad "Cool Wushy Arrow Transition Thingy"
I DROPED a like Get it Love the arrow flashy thing ur right it never gets old I loveee u and ur so funny ?? Do more funny harmony hollows and banning people
Hey Jack, love your vids, keep up the amazing work man!
50 views 128 likes ok
Why am i even trying to make a good comment to get on the top. DropThatCombo more like DropInDropper ;)
It is currently 2:03 am where I live and I had to watch Jake’s episode
I wish I had a fancy arrow thing transition where can I get one?
I had to make sure I did drop a big fat like!!
Hey jack
Every hacker you catch they shuts killer chickens
50 Views and 110 Likes, i got notified on twitter btw,i turned on notifications :^)
If I was a hacker and you made me so the dropper I would fail like 50 times. You'd just have to ban me ??
I rly love u vids Mr mushroom
100th comment!!!
First
Jack I love you vids
Hey
Awesome video jack . U should let Becky play HH with you . Or she should Join HH and have her own channel ??????
First 50 views
when you ban a hacker you drop them get it becuse you forced them to play the dropper??
Hahahaha what are the ods i was watching a dropper video by shubble cuz i was i was laughing so so hard????????????
Here before 100 <3 love ya jack
Jack Visit play.skycade.ney
Everyone's like haha I'm first! And I'm like haha I'm 79yh!!
Actually jack it is 574 not 573 players online 0:12
nice video, i just applied for staff on the server, i am really excited if i become staff :)
50 views, 111 likes and 77 comments? Makes sense youtube :)
Not only do the hackers drop. Their reputation drops tooo!!
omfg I'm early
notification squad be like <3
I love this server and u jack
Love you jack and the cool wooshy arrow transion
they’re still better than me i’m horrible at dropper
when are you gonna run out of idea's?
bloody amazing
Hi jack awesome vid
Jack you are one of my favorite YouTubers. You are the best!
Your man Doni Bobes done this thing fam. mans nice
??????
Yay new vid
Jack you are the best ?? your the only reason I haven’t killed myself
#notificationsquad! ????
I will keep posting jokes until you do another HH week. Day 1:You really DROPPED them hackers eyyyy
First?
Amazing vid xx
Ey
i was like in your Q&A like 2 years ago twice in one vid . lol i threw a spasm
Hii
50th VIEW!! hi jack its me, i made the diss track and was a helper. new one coming soon! i <3 your channel!
You should always upload this early
Am i late??
Theese hackers are gonna die so many times! xD
This is so cool
Great way to start off my morning.
Hiiiiiiii
Play the game you're in again!
50th
Amazing video jack!! Also to whoever is reading this, enjoy your day :)
53rd
Cool video!!
Jeepers creepers. wot a surprise upload jackaboy.
love ya
Ayy early squaddddddd
OMG #NotificationSquad
Plz pin me m8
In the early squad ??
Roses are red violets are blue, jacksucksatlife merch is awesome and so are you ;)
30!
Another Great Video ??
#NOTIFSQUAD!!
I like how people say first and I’m here like yes he finally finished editing ??
22'en Notification? Squad!!
Second
Hi jack, I love your video
PLEASE UPLOAD HARMONY HOLLOW
Next do: Asking random strangers how long to ban hackers
Hello Jack.
Dropper makes me dizzy Is it just me
Sure why no t
First
I watched this while eating
36 second squad :D :D
That’s rather strange
OMG YAAAY
Spent my first week on skycade grinding on factions and already got 1mil
Love the vids¬.¬
Haven’t even watched past the intro and I already love it!
Drop it like it's hot!
Um doni did hackers games which has a dropper, so it has been done
Not first, maybe last :)
Pin me I’m first ??
hey cutie
jackk
oi
brb gotta get popcorn
1
Hello #earlyYTsquad
I dropped a like!
use siri to ban hackers
Ur so hawt
First
forcing hackers to fall 120ft to their death more like...
I love Your vids Your the god ??????????????
Hi
4th!
Where my notification squad at?
3rd
So early jack I love this channel Also I was first like
1st
First
Second nice!
First View and like!
can i enchant them btw? just because they have bonuses when you make them
This mod is too complicated, like jesus christ.
Nice you should create server with mods . People will be want to play witch you at modded mincraft.
Ur lack of OCD is killing me...
Thanks I was really stuck! This helped so much :)
U
WHY THE FUCK IS THERE NO 2018 VERSION FOR ME THE STENCIL TABLE IS USELESS
THANK YOU OMG!
tysm wondering why it wouldn'y work
I'm in a newer version and theirs no brass and no aluminum ingot and no copper ingot
thank you
I got blood in the tank. Faucet doesn’t work in that case
love your vids helped me
This is useful since the lost pages of current 1.12.2 tinkers' construct. Or as I call them, "oh you want to do tinkers construct well good luck because all the building pages are gone so go look it up on youtube you newb" pages. Seriously, those are the most important pages in tinkers' construct and they leave those out........
man i tryed but in casting tabel doesent makes nothing wen i start the foucet doesent starts
Need a much money?
THANK YOU SO MUCH!!!
What mod displays the Saves on the left side?
why does every minecraft video have to be cringey
why does every minecraft video have to be cringey
You dont have to cook grout and stuff over and over. You can just cook some Cobble for Seared stone. It takes a while but does the same as Bricks do. You can also get a Stack of cobble, throw it through the top of the smeltry, And it will automatically add once it finishes cooking the previous things. You can put Seared Stone into your crafting station, and change how it looks, and even change it to Seared bricks.
Googles for some sort of help with Tinker's Construct Sees Chad and shouts HOLY CRAP THAT'S CHAD FROM ELU
thank
it wont let me move my ore to the bottom
OMG-Chad, thanks for your clear and concise reviews/tutorials! If I wanted to run as few mods as possible (w/ Milenaire), which ones would I use?
Whats the thing on top that tells you the block called
Ty for all the help <3
Thank you so much! I Just got the MAGE modpack, and I basically need this mod to get thru the Aether and other realms! Much Thanks to you ive subbed and liked :D.
also, i this supposed to have aluminum & brass ore? b/c mine does not.
How did he clear the nei interface?
Thanks Chad!
#noonelikesachad
this one is much better https://youtu.be/RrihRbgb4xY if you're an adult
great moooooooood
My ears????????
This is probably the most helpful video I’ve ever watched.
Also you can make temporary templates out of clay ( I might be wrong )
7:13 you literally made a backwards stone pickaxe
My tinker table isnt working
Doe s this mod come with ores or do you have to get a different mod? I really need to know
when i put ores i cant switch them ? why?
what was that other cheating mod that he was using that let you set your time to day and night
You could say it's a good THERMAL FOUNDATION. I'll pop out now. (Uses simplyjetpack)
What was the wood you had in your side bar because I want that mod
How do we download this mod
Wait, tinkers construct mod + cubic chunks mod = near infinitely tall furnace
How do you make large/heavy plates??? Plz I need help I’ve tried everything
modpack?
You forgot the seared furnace...
very interesting, thanks i understand a lot more now
So horribly made.....and way too obviously made for children....adults that arent autistic, play this shit too
no one likes you kill yourself
VEEEEEEEEEEEEEEERY helpful thanks very useful in this video is upgrading pixaxes
name of mod. When you looking an block and this show this name/item from mod ect
BTW u can use gold too.. 16:10 #HelpingThePast! xD
thx chad
OMGChad: we will start of by 3 by OMYgod blah me: what? 3 by OMYgod blah?
THEY CALL ME MISTER PIG!! lol
My Tinkers Construct 1.12.2 does not include things such as copper ore and aluminium ore. What do I do to resolve this?
cancer
nice shirt
What mod is dat currently harvestable thing
he has 50billion mods on it cant have that much pages 622
10:22 donald trump lol
lol what is the point of putting silk touch and auto smelt on the same pick XD
how do you get the whole inventory thing???
When I click on its it does not go to the bottom
and those incluld a uh a uh smelltery controller 10:38
nice shirt bro
Mm...can you make a mod..i challenge u
Tinker's Construct seems like a pain in the ass to learn. It uses new mechanics which I don't know, so it makes it even harder. How do I remove this mod from my modpack?
manyulin (man-uh-lin)
nostalga
awww they removed the lava crystal!!!
you can make unbreakable pickaxes
11:10 THAY ARE MINE I WEAR BLACK ALL THE TIME
my seared faucets wont work.
you help me a lot thanks dude :)
How do you get CrackPack
please make an updated version, this is so old and things dont work anymore
Ut dont work for servers
omg this mod gave me headache
If I click the ores it won't switch
havent seen this chanel in a while
Fyi, if you put a regular chest next to a crafting station, it will add a thing to it too
Very nice video! I enjoyed it a lot
lol look at his shirt
8:59 did you dead ass just make a reference to "they call me Mr. Tibbs" in a minecraft video made for kids who definitely haven't seen that movie?
The fact that I have to look up a guide for this mod just to GET STARTED with using it really bothers me...
Please realise that you can make casts out of glass
Can you use something else for casting? instead of brass?
<><>
thank you so much you helped me out a lot I kinda new to mods to I'm overwhelmed again thanks
I'm downloading the mod from curse, but it's say it could harm my computer, what should I do?
Manyullyn is pronounced "Man-uh-lin". 15:25
I always used to think "Oh Tinker's Construct mod sucksssss!!!" no im getting it now
This is YouTube, not the news central
yo that was so helpful i have been so confuzed about tinkers that i subscribed
I honestly thought I needed a refresher and now I know that I overly criticize everything Thanks world
chadtronic is the better chad but it's because this channel is a guide video and chadtronic is based on comedy so I guess it's ok
i cant make the next books
what if the controller doesn't work
For me it says "Tinkers' Construct is missing mods it depends on. Include the following mods or remove Tinkers' Construct. Mantle 1.10.2-1.1.4 or above See 'fml-client-latest.log' for technical information."
Love the video Chad but you don't need brass for the cast, you can just use gold if you want. ?
911 Like!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Please help there is no aluminum in my game.
that was the most cringeworthy intro.
omg chad how does this mod run with a laptop fast slow laggy
What's that mod you're using to see all the recipe? i'm kinda curious about it :D
Does anyone know what's going on with Skydaz? I've tried to download this mod on 5 different days and every time I try downloading the .Zip file it gives be the .exe file
The machine is called the smeltermatron 5000
Put a chest near the Crafting Station and you can open the Chest when you open the Crafting Station. Huge help when crafting a decent amount of items or for a guide like this.
If you didn't get anything a few tips to get started Make sure you All tables Make sure you have Not Enough Items And Too many items ASAP Make sure you are rich you need to have alot of materials Make every affordable table or tool in this mod Mess around because you can make stuff like a iron pickaxe with a diamond stick and a gold back ect I'll leave more tips if this get likes
this is the best mod ever OMG
Do you play on a MacBook
YES YES YES YES YES
What Does Vers can apply that mod (Tinker's Consturck) plss OmgChad
OMGChat Litters.....
what modpack are you playing please
tenx
16:20 learning to spell with Chad
You're such a fucking manchild. Talk normally please; I can't understand wtf you are saying.
i love these
The weaponry book kinda looks like the new Knowledge book in 1.12.
If u put a NORMAL chest behind the crafting station you get the chest GUI as well as the crafting station
Sorry Chad
Cheers chav
how to get the mod
I can't change the molten in the machine What can i do
I'm?subscribing because of that Lion King reference
Do the ones come with the mod
alright just started using this mod, me and my gf have been playing minecraft while she's at college to keep in touch (discord for voice of course) and have absolutely fallen in love with SkyFactory 3 (something i had gotten interested in because Achievement Hunter had a blast playing it and made minecraft fairly "serious" (player-adaptive) to me in general.), and it comes standard with tinker's construct. But it didn't have a player manual in the sense you'd think. It's got a more... "everything in one" book, and doesn't warn you of some items nor alloys. SkyFactory also has several other amazing mods that i've yet to grasp the entirety upon. This quick review of it has helped me get this bloody smelter of mine finally running! (didn't have a faucet. spent 4 days trying to alter the design to realize such a simple missed item was all i needed! x_x) so now i can start getting better tools for me and the lass :3 thank you so much.
nice shirt!!
can you please make a video how to install Tinkers' Construct
I suck at this mod like I didn't even know how to make a smeltery thx chad
Can you fucking not talk as if every viewer is 10 years old, seriously.... ~sigh~
????????!!! ????? ???? ????????
WOW! this is a coincidence i was just playing tinkerers construct
someone answer me pls, so if or when it gets updated to 1.11.2 it comes with more ores or do I need more ores mod? cause I have one and I might delete it then...
such a literal intro. Tinker's plus Emerald/Obsidian tools/armor is my first mod(S). I've never been able to mod before as I use Mineshafter, but I found a loophole and I'm really excited.
fun fact i did something for the lucky blocks mod and lined to how to download it i didn't work but wen i downloaded this mod it work also love u chad
CANT  GET THE ORES
WHAT VERSION OF TINKERS IS THAT
Shitty fucking guide that doesn't work
Shit guide
can you do more tutorials on the mod pack big dig please im stuck on it and i see videos with so much good stuff but idk how to get there?
thanks man your the best iv been looking for so long on youtube and no one ever tells me how to make a stencil, thank you so much, now living the dream with my epic sword.
so does it have to be 3x3
Does he have Lipstick on?? or is he Gay
Who is watching in 2017/2018?
even tho this vid is outdated it still helped me a lot, thank you
can you make a tutorial for tconstruct 1.10.2?
this tutorial blows. not thought out at all and he doesn't even know how to use this mod. ffs
Most of the things are removed or changed in 1.10 :C
What mod has the aluminium and copper ores
God damn stop fucking SCREAMING to EMPHASIZE words
I tried to put sharpness on my sword but nothing happened.
chad why does it sound like you been drinking beer
So now you are trump? XD
It won't let me make patterns, I put a blank pattern in and when I choose a pickaxe head, nothing else happens.
Ah um, ahhhhh. Ahhh, um, um, ahh, ummm.....yeah
how do i get this modpack?
You can use gold instead of brass
how do you get that thing on the side ?
Its pronounced "man ill in" Manyullyn
You know that mod that when you hover over a block it shows you everything about it on the top of your screen and adds extra info to items like swords and stuff? Yeah I kinda want that mod , If you know the name please tell me :) Much Appreciated ( 1.11 )
OMG I DONT CARE ABOUT ANY OF THAT PART MAKING STUFF I JUST WANT TO KNOW HOW TO BUILD A SIMPLE SMELTERY
So guys is this modpack good? Im Russian so if any mistakes please forgive! Industrial craft 2 Minimap Tree capitator Tinker's Some extras like reverse Craft Table or Pocket Craft Table Build craft Railcraft? Damage indicator Smart moving...... Sounds good? Thanks!
i cant find aluminum and copper?
It's 2016, 1.11 is already out, but for some reason mods use to work on my computer but now they don't. Not even O.F. Do you know why?
what all mod you playing this video?
10:23 donald trumps infection XD
its pronounced manyoulin
LOL you have 551360 subs
wow seriously manyullyn best thing in tinkers
He said manyullyn as Man you lying
You could use gold for the cast
i have that mod but it freezes for 2 second every 2 second i walk
Orospu çocugu senin anani sikerim amina kodum
When i downloaded Tinkers Construct. It didn't give me the ore's. Like Aluminum, copper, tin. etc But I have all the tools for them
-- -- l (_____)
where you can get that minecraft
is he playin hexit?
lol I'm not scared at all by tinkers' construct, iv seen it in many videos and it doesn't seem very complicated.
It IS SO AWEASOME THANK YOU CHAD BUT CAN YOU PUT A LINK FOR MOD AND MANTLE PLZ
it is more modifiers. a nether star will give you mor modifier slots
Why cant i make a Wooden Pickaxe Head?
is there tinkers construct for mcpe
How to see the stats and the mining level on your pickaxe? Pls help me!!
How to see the stats and the mining level on your pickaxe? Pls help me!!
How to see the stats and the mining level on your pickaxe? Pls help me!!
you can also cast stuff with gold
Ay, it's Ochocinco
what mod did you use to see the names of the blocks you looked at?
can u get it on the phone
manyullyn is the best ingot in the tinkers construct i think
I CANT POUR DOWN THE SMELT ORES TO THE CAST THING. IT WONT LET MEH PLS HALP!
omg chad how do to make it so yo can 1.10 forge tern in to 1.7 ???
Orespawn
Cancer
dude, you're pretty confusing and incoherent at times. you need to prep your vids better.
It doesn't work if u click on the molten to put it on the bottom
hi .... im playing on sky factory 2.5 ( modpack ) and i dont think i can get the actuall ore and i only have the ingots would putting this ingot work?
You can use any metal for casting a casting plate, iirc.
how to dowload it't. please give me link
I just loaded this mod in and it started me with the tinkers construct volume 2 no volume 1 8(
I'm getting tired of all the MCPE Master ads... I'm already using it.
You can use gold instead of aluminum brass
CrackPack? where can i download this modpack
"666 likes..." Hits the like button "I Fixed it!"
did anyone else think he sounded drunk
yeah 1.7 but now 50.of this is gone ;(
did anyone see stacks of 111?
What a shirt xD
do a tutorial about buildcraft
What's the mod that shows the crafting recipe
Hahahaha your t-shirt is funny
can you make a guide for the 1.10.2 version of tinkerer's construct?
OMG
I need a premium account free please contact me in Facebook : Ardit G Ejupi
and this is just 25% part of tinkers construct... there were more, like traveler's set of armor, knapsack, adding more modifier space,blue slime, projectile, projectile shooter, smeltery automation, bigger smeltery, slime tree, extra TiC addons mod, best ingot (which is manyullyn for vanilla TiC, and Pokefenium for Extra TiC), Tools XP (Extra TiC addons), and a double compressed diamond hammer modifier for TiC hammers (addons from Ex Compressum), Etc.
Dat T-Shirt Do
Tinkers construct was updated for Minecraft 1.10.2
What model laptop does OmgChad have? Smart people plz help me
TC is one of my favorite mods ever, but I miss the old ball of moss and more modifiers system... Still it's such a great mod!! :D
Love tinkers i understand it so well
Chad you need to make more stuff like this very helpful
omgcraft pls how to download minecraft in PC for free pls pls pls pls omgcraft you are the best pls
hi chad , I am a great fan of yours and I think you should have a give away of minecraft games ......:)
chad how do you make your own resource pack because i cant find one i like
Hey Chad how will i know if i won the givaway or not?
why can't I make a tool forge?? I've tried SO hard but i can't make it! can anyone help?
Sorry but bye to ur channel :/
omg chad can you tell us how to mod minecraft windows 10 edition pls
i love your videos OMGchad
and now you do this yesterday I was struggling soooooo hard with this on sky factory 2.5
It's silent "U" in the Manyullyn and that type of alloy is one of the useful for tools
Why would anyone play this? Why add a whole collection of more tedious crap to minecraft?
Nice video, it's helpful for those who play modded minecraft and still know nothing XD
make a video about it
where to downlaod it pls tell me
hey, are you planing to do a new CTM map with GOB someday ? :)
Please change your intro
"Than you are going to build a wall." OMGTrump
outdated, the newest version of tcon is in 1.10.2
What is the topaz-coloured thing?
please do top 10 MCPE Mods..
1 or 2?
what happen if you jump into melted metal?
i know this mod
please make a minecraft let's play with this mod
Dat shirt dow
Thank's Chad. Love the tutorial and the shirt. Looking forward to the next mod you look at.
haha your t shirt is riddicilous i want it
Please i would love if you do a Buildcraft mod tutorial.
hi chad plz help me how to open a book in minecraft PE plz if you see this plz make a video
Omg Chad do you use a Mac
This video is 25 minutes and its long welll goooood
hey omgchad I'm making a map and your in it!!! I just want to know what kind of item you want for you custom enchanted item :D love your vids!
you forgot to mention that smeltery doubles the output of ores than using a furnace and that there is a great tinkers add-on known as iguana tweaks which is awesome.
please change your intro
Great job Chad, I always love your videos! Btw, the tool station is for the basic tools such as pickaxe, axe, shovel, etc., and the tool forge is mostly there to make higher level items like the hammer, excavator and such. : )
Did you see his skin it looked weird
Who's starting modded minceraft with only tinker's construct
THX
OMGChad i love this serie!
What about gold? can't you use gold for a mold thing and clay?
Protip: you can also use gold instead of aluminum brass. It does take longer to find, but it's a good use for gold. You can also make the smeltery as big as... 9x9 I think? Might be 7x7. You can make it as tall as you want too.
Explain about elevators, please.
Your shirt????????
omg he uploaded this right after I downloaded this mod perfect
you are stupid... you can make casing using molten gold...
Chad, please make another video for this, but higher level
Nice to shirt where can I get one ??????
Idea. Add mods to SkyBlock.
What modpack were you using in this vid?
what version
This way to much
You messed up on your editing a bit.
How do you download mods
nice Chad thx
1326. Not too late ;)
also u can use gold instead of brass to make casings
Great video Chad <# tinkers can be super complicated, you did a great job touching on the topic.
41th
Nice video
show us how to make a wither cobble gen
One of the first
You should've made this in 1.10...
legends says if your early chad will reply and i think its fake soo"
I am 18th to like
I just noticed that this channel is focused on children
omg i really needed this, i suck at this mod, thank you Chad
can you show us how to download the mod
8th like and 118th view
Love from morocco
9th!!!
Do modded surviva'
TOTALY NOT FIRST
hello
I love being ON TIME
Hi chad
fuck you
2nd
first
first comment
Don't forget to mash that thumbs up button! :D https://www.youtube.com/WorstExtrasEver- https://twitch.tv/WorstPremadeEver - https://twitch.tv/JakersJackets - https://twitch.tv/CathBait - Thanks for watching and have a great day! :)
That duck looked like it was on cocaine and is wanting another fix but cant cause its broke
One last one because I'm still laughing at Cath and still feeling bad about it: "Now it's a house with all your family." "Yeah, the in-laws." (rimshot)
Housekeeping
this brings back some memory's
Are u guys going to do fallout 76 when it comes out
U good cath?
Made my day!
QUACK
U ok hon?
My cheeks are sore from laughing and smiling so much good job
oh hello there again
Yay you uploaded I love you guys
I will fucking kill you ... 2 sec later You ok hon?
Ellis my favourite type of salt
So glad I came back and watched the rest of this vid!
1:41 heres a Idea, Have it so on the Inside their's a Preasure Plate so when someone steps on it the Door Opens and Shuts automatically when they Leave, And when they open it to come in when they step on the Plate it will shut the door.
I feel like a failure missing one of your videos ._.
How did You make the server????? I need your help!
ALEX IM GOING TO MURDER YOU, CLOSE THE DOOR XD that had my in tears
Also, I love how Alex screams "CAAAAATH!!!" and runs outside, then Cath comes up from the basement like 'Is he gone?' XD
How to trigger Jake: Place or remove a torch. How to trigger Ellis: Leave the door open. How to trigger Matt: Harm his flowers. How to trigger Alex: Misplace his fences. How to trigger Cath: Lead an invasion of cows into her house. And that, Cath, is why everybody picks on you. Cath-rage is like shiny Pokemon; fundamentally just like all the others, but so rare that people go out of their way to find it and feel highly rewarded when they get it anyway.
PLEASE DO MORE MINECRAFT PLEASE
Have you guys played ARK: Evolved? If not then you guys really should. I think you'll make it 10X funnier.
Lol
I literally laughed when Jake always blaming on Ellis
7:44 = https://youtu.be/GKkDI7EIQrw?t=20
First video I have ever seen of you guys and it was amazing. Congrats on the new sub.
Cath’s rage was the best
CLOSE THE FUCKIN DOOR I relate to this quote
GIVE ME MA FUCKING 3 DOORS I CRAFTED YOU BELLEND!
Jawas shark doodoo doo
Y'all saying Ellis is your spirit animal ALEX IS MY FLIPPIN' SPIRIT GUARDIAN
mmmmmmmmmore ples!
U ok hon!?!?!?
Hang on, I think I've finally figured them all out. Jake = Cookie Monster Matt = Elmo Cath = UniKitty Alex = an actual sulky narwhal (sulky because he majored in business and now has piles of student loans and a job he hates) Ellis = Eric Trump How'd I do?
cath is the person who mood swings from scared to "wtf" matt is the person that is blamed for the creeper ellis is the person who laughs and goes back to WWII after the creeper and jake pickes the dead person remains and goes "are you dead" when they are dead.
EEEELLLLIIIIISSSS
Who are these guys?
jaw-was was here :) i bet you guys were not housekeeping but looting peoples chests :D
i cannot stop replaying the part where alex screams "CAAAATH" it just sounds so funny i'm in tears
Weeeeee neeeeeeeeed moreeeeeeeeeeee
Alright everyone, place your bets: What will be the next shirt in the WPE merch store: #1: Ellis's Precious Metal Club official member #2: Tactical Snake Placement #3: Tasty Wheat #4: I <3 Migraines #5: Coral in a Boral
thank god youre still upload video
MOAR MINECRAFT
I'm late af, but that was hilarious
You lot might just reinvent minecraft videos and you guys haven't even tried different mods yet!!!
I replayed the part where Alex and Ellis were yelling at each other about doors and fences so many time XD Def my favourite moment of the video
Oh gee, silent rage Ellis in this game is actually scarier because of that skin he has
I found your channel a week ago and I can’t get enough of it
Ahhh a normal game of minecraft with the wpe sniffff ah the smell of salt
The karma at the end xD and omg hon, the amount of effort put in the sub (especially the ENDEERRRRIIIII) (????)?*:·?? On a side note, Cath sounds raw with rage, :')
Did I just travel back in 2012 or something?
" U okay hon? Pm me" ?????? that killed my jaw
Cath, U K HON?!?, And also remember Jake preys on the weak, But why he no prey on himself???
MY LOVELY FLOWERS!
Subbed.
WTF
All the rage from cath to ellis so much love involving between those two xD
FINALLY someone hates the shark song 3:05
im half raging at what people are doing because i would HATE if someone ruined my house but i also love the banter so im laughing my ass off....
How do you only have 81k subscribers you deserve a million
you okay hon?
Awesome streams bro ????
Jake falling and dying and Cath's rage at all the cows invading her house killed me, this is great. Also that new intro with the channels is fuckin slick, I don't know why but I adore it
I love how nostalgic Minecraft is for me. I remember when I first got it and my sister and I were so excited. We came home and found it on our computers and it was amazing. I wanna buy it again, since the first copy I had of it was on my computer that I dont have access to anymore.
U OK HON?! ??
On another note, I'd like to point out the irony of someone who self-identifies as a "miserable maggot" being insulted by the insinuation that she is related to cows. To whose defense is everyone coming? Cath or the cows? Kind of calls to mind every time in prison that an ax murderer cusses out a sex offender.
Bruh the rage is REAL love you guys
6:54 It means there’s an imminent cave-in coming- UHHH!
JAKE STAHP LEAVEN DA DAMN DOOR OPEN!
WHY DID I NEVER GET THE NOTIFICATION
WHAT THE YOU FUCKING LUNATIC HOW THE FUCK CAN RAGE IN MINCARFT
I heard people shouting my name-
Jake, jake. What? You know I love you right? You DID take the torches didn’t y WAAAAAAAAAAAH! splat INSTANT RAGE!
Cath gets upset when cows invade her home. Technically that happens every day to her (not sorry ellis)
pushes friends off a tree 200 stories in the air and tells down UK HON
Now I just want to sub ya!
Jawas t-shirts lol
Could you do a last year the nightmare gameplay it's like dead by daylight but it's new and cool
Can anyone link me the texture pack that was in the first clip, all the ones I found were full of viruses
I like how Alex ran outside screaming "CAAAAAAAAATH" and then Cath came from downstairs.
Man a lot of rage inducing shit happened in this one
MOM THIS IS NOT A PHASE IT'S MINECRAFT! XD
4:10 the best rage ever ????????
Does anyone know jakes IGN?
i want more!!!
Minecraft 5 year old rage
This is my most favorite video so far. thx guys P.s also my favorite part of the video is where cath literally rage because of cows and complaining about how shitty you guys are 4:11
Make a Jawas shirt
poor cath xD
Confused me in the first bit, took me awhile to realize it was from Ellis' perspective
Awww poor Jake:( Migraines fucking suck. I hope it went away quickly! ?
This video made me laugh so much! Also in other videos it's always Ellis raging because of Jake and now it's Jake because of Ellis XD
9:35 my lil bro and me almost everyday. I'm Jake, he's Ellis ??
Keep posting ur video ur make my day and We Always Love Youuuuuuuahhhhhh
???? hilarious upload, thanks for sharing it!!!
Mmh I think I'm gonna add French subtitles on your videos
1:05 I was screaming at my screen "DON'T DO IT JAKE IT'S A TRAP!" lmfao
Leerooyyyyy!!!!love your vid guys keep it up
"We're playing Minecraft. This is supposed to be a calm and relaxing stream." Jake is saying this to the people that could start a shouting match during a funeral about what's the better stream meme: Housekeeping or anything that has to do with angry Cath.
HOUSEKEEPING!!! :D
This is so far the best episode
Its so nice to see you guys grow from 5K to 80K
I have a dirt home in mc or a hole
Who's lanky man?
I love these videos so much
I don't think you understand how much I love your videos. If you were to make a 72 hour compilation of you guys just playing random games. Welp there goes sleep and school. You are and always have been my favorite channel. Keep up the great work!
You guys should do this more often! :D
8:05 Matt remember when yo- (swipe) annnd Jake just killed one...AND MY FLOWAS YOU F*CKING INCONSIDERATE ARSEHOLE!
Lololololololololololololololol????????????????????
Dang how can you play during a migraine?? I can't even walk lol
Just amazing I genuinely could not stop laughing
#EELLLLIISSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSS
When I wish that I did this on Minecraft myself.
It said that Jake was killed by 'intentional game design'. I don't play Minecraft, well I tried once but couldn't really get into it, so what does that mean, 'killed by intentional game design'?
I will only ever tune in to Caths channel. Cath number 1 <3
FNAF scream at 5:25
My new favorite channel 1000% I'ma get all my friends to subscribe to you <3
4:20: Aww, Cath, you know they all love you. That's why they save all the really good, effort-extensive stunts for you. No, really, think about it: How many times has Cath been deliberately blown up by Matt or Ellis? Now compare those figures to Jake's. Also, I love how Cath chases out of her virtual house the man with whom she shares an actual physical house in real life. That's either great composure or great immersion on her part.
I've been having a really bad month and this just made everything so much better. Thank you guys!
Random block underground tHATS MY FOOKIN’ HOUSE YA BASTARD
6:30: Don't forget that time in The Forest when you caught him hoarding dead bodies. ;-D
Rip Alex’s Keyboard
Did Alex ever get his fences back?
I swear it’s the first time Cath has finally released her rage at everyone
Alex wants his fences ??????. He has so much rage ????????
I like when you saw hon, when someone died xD
You delayed my studying for 10 minutes. Thankyou
I WAS HOPING YOU GUYS WOULD PLAY MINECRAFT
I stopped watching adventure time to watch this. Do you have any idea how important you gotta be to stop me from watching my damn cartoons?! Lol thanks for another funny video.
Jake I love how you didn't believe Ellis when he said it was a part waiting to cave in and you just had to test it ??
I've found your channel yesterday and now I'm binge watching all of them You guys are really funny :D
I was here for one of the streams Edit: OMG MY SENPAI’S NOTICED MEH OMG OMG OMG OMG OMG (Sorry bout that)
:breaks through the roof: HOUSEKEEPING 3:09 OH GOD NO NOT BABY SHARK
XD I'm crying that was too funny
The original vids were so freakin hilarious xD This makes it better. Breaks into the underground house "Oh ffs!" Jake: "Hehe... housekeeping!"
More. Minecraft.
that scream made me laugh so much
You guys were such arseholes to Cath in this stream
I want More, K hon?
Yes Minecraft
you guys are the best i cant stop laughing like a maniac omg my head hurt from all this laughter..oh u guys make my day i love you all
No one else other than you guys can make me laugh every video ?? I can watch videos over and over, still being able to laugh ????
Caths salt littery made me cry lmao
You guys should do a sot vid where you sing the pirates of the Caribbean theme
Y’all are so noobs in minecraft
Hilarious
Good god all mighty and I think making a house is bad yeesh.
I loved watching ur live stream Yeeeeeeees
U k hon?
Is it just me or does Ellis sound like Chris Moyles when he gets angry??
i wanna see you playing Terraria, that will be fun :)
Hello, how much cost delivery from merch to Poland???
You guys managed to ruin Minecraft... When can I sign up!?
Ohhh yes the gang is back ! Love your video !
1:03 You fell for the oldest trick in the book. Come on, man!
Just one building trick from me (maybe a bunch) If you tale logs and place them so they are diagonal to the corners of the House it would look so much better, also in that underground base you’ve got. You are need to frame the staircase with some logs. For further building tips go to a Channel called Grian on yt. PS i cant remember if you had your area lighted up, but if you light up your entire area with some torches, leds mobs is gonna spawn. OKAY
Ok I want this freaking shirt! buys it Well....
Play UNO
Thank gods i thought it was another live stream
Miss playing minecraft
1 like to let Cath have something nice without it getting shat on Cath-Abuse is no laughing matter
i hate the weird splodgey bit
Another great film
<3
Fuck! I've missed so many of your guys videos since I've been working on my exhibtion for school
QUACK
YEEEES THE QUACK T-SHIRT :) I WAS WAITING FOR IT
That was hilarious!
quack
I love you guys so damn much, and once again... Ellis is my spirit animal
3:32 IT’S JAWAS
QUACK
I love the skins
poor cath
Gotta axe you an honest question : What is that gurgling noises in game? Also, I like cawfee
i fuking love this shit i swear you guys remind me of my mates and it freaking hilarious XDD
I once commented on a WorstExtrasEver video that there was more salt in the video than twitter the day after Trump got elected but this is like Trump election and Brexit all in one.
ELIS WHATS MY TING MADE OF
U K HON?!
Goddamnit, I literally just got that Baby Shark song out of my head yesterday!
Thanks for the laughs. ^^
Please do another dead by daylight video they're the best!! ??
Never thought Minecraft can be this funny... then again I am on this channel.
I dont think some of you had seen videos for new Minecraft players :P
I skipped class just to watch you guys slowly go insane worth it! :D lol jk I’m sick
Creeper say hi! And blow you up!
quack I can say whenever you guys are together someone goes insane and another rages until they lose their voice and mind ??
These are really underrated
Just because my profile picture is a hamster it does not make me a furry stop calling me that or go find the closest river and drown your self in it XD
Yay another rage video
You lot just made a trend where u need to piss off every friend online so much they make a peaceful game a fucking clusterfuck. Seems that what happens to your every gaming sessions.... Lol
U K Hon
Lol
Hahhah awesome vid bro :)
How do to guys not lose your voices when you scream IIIIII WILL ALWAAAYYYYYS LOVE YOUUUUAHHHHH
So, can we make Minecraft relevant again?
I really want "any day now!!" T-Shirt rn.. Also, did you die on 8:33 ? Cus there's a creeper there
Jake is an absolute sausage tickler!!!!! Cath is awesome. Matt is a wanker.
Lovely
Play terraria
Watching this video made me realize what me and my friends actually look like while playing minecraft xD
I just watched the twitch ver. of this vid....It is so funny!!!
Two words: Crazycraft Modpack. Have fun.
early xd
4:06 is litterally me shouting at my Friends when playing minecraft…. i feel ya there cath...
I dont like Minecraft but I like you Guys!I will look the Video anyway??(Sorry for my bad English I'm from Germany).
if you guys still plan do make another minecraft video, i recommend a mod called electroblob's wizardy, i think it would be fun seeing you guys exploring it
dies u ok hon?, *next falls and dies again*u ok hon? Ur dead now but u ok hon? ??
Love you dads( and mom)
Please more, fuck its sooo funny. Btw enjoy y'all videos, sooo entertaining
Drops in announced "Housekeeping!"
The whole WorstPremadeEver crew be like Subscriber: Hey, how you doin Whole WPE crew: Well I'm doin just fine I lied I'm dying inside
Last time I was this early..... I've actually never been this early
QAUCK!!
Stopped learning for this. Your Videos are Gold man
Not y'all too! Doo doo doodoo doodoo
I pity cath ?? the cows invaded her house ??
Love ya streams man
Notification squad where are you at
I stopped everything I was doing to watch this. Y’all don’t understand how much I love you????
Hahaha quack ahahaha I love it quack ??
Nice edit jake??
those skins are the best!
Merch
Meh Discord name is CrazyPleb??
Hi
Funneh your rich name would be moneh
Funneh CALLAB WITH my best friend LuniFrenzy on Roblox\nHer channel is iiPhinxxii gamingQ u have to spell it right in order to find it it's a Roblox channel
Rich people eat Money!
money funneh
Hey are you guys single????
OMG FRIEND ME ON ROBLOX QUEENOFCAT2007
PINIANO the fancy 2018 term for piano lol
Pretty pretty pretty pretty pretty pretty pretty pretty with a thousands cheries on top.please do more crew craft. I REALLY REALLY want it back.
Funneh did you remember last time you guys exploded lunars house
I GOT YOUR MURCH WHEN IM IN PHILIPINES AND I GOT MY FIRST HAMSTER OMG OMG
Lazy people fact is when ur too lazy to read all those books xD
Pin-at-no
OH MEEE GOD!!! 3 MILLION!?!? GOOD JOB FUNNEH!!!!! PUT IM FACECAM NOWOWOWOWPWOOWOW
The owner of the house is right here and he's white
I really want the plushies but I can’t have them :(
Play blox surfers is like subway Surface
Give me money mom? Mom:No me: WAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA runs like  the sonic runs threw the wall mumbles waaaaaaaaaaaa  mumble SCREAMS* WAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA GIVE ME MONEY WAAAAAAA IM SUCH ALEB WAAAAA turns head to the side finds ?? money* YAY crashes into the wall again buys  the new Krew merch Mom: what are you doing??? Me: nothing...... runs away with krew plushness MUHAHA YASSS
Is it just me or dis I hear Draco say Funneh look there's a shi# lol instead of ship lol
LOL THE START OF THE VIDEO
lets go to he yaght! nu lets go to court XD
Tg elite is better then you funneh
im buying the  Holiday Merch! and this video is perfect
Lunar: I see the darkness... again....\n\nMe: AGAIN?! What do you mean again?
GET TO THE CHOPPA!
I want the slushies but I can't cuz it's too expensive
More stuff more stuff more luxury more money\n\nMe:I can't even steal a food in our refrigerator -_-
Todays Mah Bday 12!????
FLOOF IS FOR SALE? buys
Will there ever be a mini plush version of the toys???
Nooooooooo:(
Give me money mom mom: sure? Me: AHHHHHHHH YAY AHHHHHHH. crashes threw wall falls to the floor* Mumbles*im okay! MUMBLE SCREAMS* YAY KREW MERCH YASSSSSSS mom:wat....the. ...heck....?????
????
HOOMAN- 0:00
Now I Know what 30$ chain is ????
Guys What s with the maxions
Play.    Royo.  High      new.    Tings.   PLEASE  SSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSS  SSSSSSSSS
Please, update your server!!!!!!
Funneh can you check your Roblox friend and then go to request I want to be your friend plssss or you don't want to be my friend I will go to died tomorrow
Early!
*love
Funneh I lovr you so much that my phone is covered with you and the krew and I am saving for everything that you have as merch ??????
LOVE UR VIDS
WHEN DO YOU MAKE A NEW VID TO MOROW CAN IN ROBLOX
Omg You Guys All Rich For Me Because I LUV Tomato Chips  Uwu  You Guys Look Fancy On That Outfit I'm A Pleb (???????)?
J
MAKE MORE COOL VIDS DO MORE MURDER MYSTERY 2
Is the krew feeling YACHT today? WHO ELSE LOVES FUNNEH :3
Oh they have a gate but what is the point of the gate if you can just do this(Draco)
Lol! Can You Steal For Meh. Thanks.....lol
Funneh can u play royale high and try to get the light halo?
I'm calling the police!
hi fuuneh this is my mom acant  i LOVE YOUR VIDS your family is so COOL
My mom and my dad making pizza??????????????
My hamster died today and I am still very sad,this video cheered me up but I’m still a bit sad.If you like that would make me happy.
Oh I was playing this today
YASSSSS IM ALOUD DEM I AM CANADIAN
Im always late...
( spawn comment by amber the daughter of 7 to 8 year old )
For every like I will try and put a ??\n\n??
im getting the squishies
I really want all the plushies
Find the diffrence! If you lose you lose\nIf you win you Win! Ready Set Go!\n\nEasy!\n\n????????????????????\n????????????????????\n????????????????????\n????????????????????\n\nNormle!\n\n??????????????????\n??????????????????\n??????????????????\n??????????????????\n\nHard!\n\n??????????????????\n??????????????????\n??????????????????\n??????????????????\nIf you won congrats!\nIf you lost you losed!\n \n\nHope you guys like it:)!
??
It's rainbow sick?? ????
I love you hoomans /krew
Hi
I’m going to ask my mom to buy (the merch) this for my for Christmas I just can’t. By the way, does that come with floof?! Omg! I love you funneh and the KREW! ??????????
I AM!!!!!! I LOVE U GUYS SOOO MUCH<3 u????????????
Why hello there hooman
I have your wallpaper picture of you and the crew
Richy
Hi <3
Omg yaws <3 play royal high tho there’s new accessories :)
Add friend me funneh I'm a fan
Hi funneh and the krew I really love your channel I wish I can see you in real life
Lunar will always be the first to want to be evil
At 9:20 it sounded like he said the s word!
9:20 draco said the sh** word
Hey funneh ??
FUNNEH you broke the BBQ XD. That's what my sister does she Blames me even if it was her falt XD
AHHH IM GETTING THE STUFFIE ANIMALS :J
DRACO WHYYYYY
Funneh took the last hit and she said \"Who just broke it?!\" XD
Yass thief Funneh! ?????????????? Love you Funneh! Please notice me! ????????
Funneh looks like a thug \n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\no o f
Omg I love ur channel
Its funny
Gold's getting crazyy for that luxury stuff
Hi
fuunnhe yor cool\n;3
Late squad is where I am ;-;
Luv those
Play this game again plz
I want to be pinned funneh  video was great
Hi
i love you guys
I want that merch gift birthday :)
Funneh's rich name should be Monneh. \n????????????????????????????
hahaha when everyone was running away
(Let me get my russian  accent ready)\nGET INTO THE CHOPPER
I wove u channel!
16:50 Funneh... YOU BROKE IT (look at her hand)
IM LOVE YOU PET ????
r u wearing ur poppy for remembrance day
Draco Break a Chair\nDraco: You See Nothing\nDraco Walk Away
I want more :3
I love your vids!!!
ME TO ??????
People say if you say the creators name five times they heart you \nFunneh\nFunneh\nFunneh\nFunneh
Do a role play with gizzy gazza please!
Im 2 Hours Late ;(  Because I Was At The Movies Watching  The Grinch 2!
Great,<,,
I am so sorry my iPad wasn’t even charging at all
I think Draco said the s word 0-0
Bruh lmaooooooo0
The man draco says is the owner looks like Donald trump
Make a vide of draw my life of droco
I bought more merch
Funneh do one life
Funneh thank you for everything. \nIf it wasnt for you i would just be a 11 year old boy in indonesia who has nothing to do but sleep . You are the best
Krew pls do more on the luxury life it’s fun
I always want new merch!! But i cant buy it pls notice me
LUNAR GONE CRAZY
Pls play more one lie:)
funneh have a kid irl
Funneh the song you put at the end was the nuttcracker
Krew I fond a new song please lisn to it the name of it is stick together on gachaverse on you tube
hey funneh waz up!!!
pnyano
hey funneh waz up!!!
Yeeeeeeees
Funneh my br-day is nov.13\nI am happy to watch your awesome videos
If Funneh was rich her name would be Moneh!!! ????????????XD
You saw nothing!
Hi Funneh I love the new merch that you have right now my user is princesslbb44 in roblox
Funny I love your videos
no Gucci ,mucci,lucci  in this holy place
??it but where is KREWCRAFT!?!?!?
Ya yeet
FLUFFF\nOUR DOGGO  KING HAS ARRIVED
What map is it
wish I could buy the all the plushie but too bad I can't get them ??????
My favorite part is the end????\n\nDraco: *gets chair * You saw nothing!??
Just saiding whatever is the title of itfunneh videos I named them after the KREW PUSHIE
funneh,can you do more videos like this plzz
WHERE IZ KREW Craft PLssss
MORE LATER  STEALING ALL THE KREW PUSHIE!!!!!
My name is Nouchi but some of my friends calls me guchi ??
When I was watching this,I had brownies with milk,had a blanket on me,next to a fireplace in a cold day,watching itsfunneh,THE BEST THING EVERR
Who saw at 9:17 Draco sweared
Yay the perfect b day gift
I wish I had all of those merchandise but I don't have any money rn and It Was SOOOOOOO CUTE WHEN ALVIN WAS IN THE PILE OF PLUSHIES!!!
Funneh said shut up to Draco lol XD AND FUNNEH I MAH GET YOUR PLUSHIE!
ARE YOU MADE OF THE LUXURY LIFE LOLEZ
I WANT ALL OF THEM BUT I CANNOT AFFORD ????
Are you sure this wasn't a survival world??
Here we have the Krew’s furries dying by floof let’s see the habitat
I thought it's funneh was going to go in her home like last time
I want MERCH
Ther is a blue   Boats
Hey Funneh!!! Please accept my Roblox friend request I am really wanting to make a vid with you my username is Soop3rpuppy
What about 1life
Its my sister bday \nI dont lie
Itsfunneh\nItsfunneh\nItsfunneh\nItsfunneh\nItsfunneh ??
T.T
Hi
ITS REMEMBRANCE DAAAYYYYYY
Plushes and me and the krew are made TOGETHER ??
It is  so much  money
I want those plushies!!!!!!!
opps nvm
Draco is about stealing some LUXURY stuff!!!
About the merch is it 500 of each or 500 all together please reply
Hey funneh can I ask you a question umm so we already saw ur face right\nBut can u start showing your face on camera please!
You mack me smile and i love your videos keep up the good work!
16:05 ?????? ???????????? ?????? ?????????
Minecraft and roblox  for life
Hi!!!!
I wanted the squishys\n\n\n*but they were too expensive *\n\n;-;
omg I love you vids  i been watching this since I was 5\n????????
Save me some squishe krew pls plz
I would love to play minecraft .... But it cost too much money for the app:(
I dont like Draco he stole your furniture without asking
BodyGuards:YOU MADE A MISTAKE!\n\nMe:YOU ARE A MISTAKE!!!!!!ROASTED W
Funneh: *Saw book *  uhm uhm....\n*looks throught the book * uhh i'll read that later...\nMe: i think you're never gonna touch that book again!
can you please do more one life in minecraft and roblox  bedwars
Ugh oops in my house I threw up a bit of food
Today is my little Brothers B-I-R-T-H-D-A-Y!
Play bloxbug on Roblox please please itsFunneh. ????
Lol ??????
sorry i don't get the video but I LOVE THE STUFF ANIMALS :D
RIP HELICOPTERS\n\n2018-2018\n\n??????
Pls put the plushes price a bit down pls pls !!!!!
14:55
do one life piz I love  it plz do it
Luxury life \nMoney=luxury\nLuxury is money \nLots of likes=1M dollars
I want all the merch but my whole family won't let me
I read all of that and it was so longggggggggggg ahhhhh
Can you play zombie rush in roblox
Can I friend you on Roblox please
SO MANY CANT PICK
Your videos are awesome!!! Like if you agree!
FRIST.......
Who wishes they could get pinned or get a heart from funneh?\nI do.
I’VE ORDERED ALL 5 PLUSHIES ????
u ar the best funneh
Im not being selFISH hahaha
WATTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTT
You guys are robbers that’s the point of the game hahah
If the krew was rich:*this video*
IM PLAYING TOWER UNITE AND I THINK I FOUND THR KREW!!!!
Lol I’m late
Rip bbq
Can you please play booga booga I want to play with you like if you saw my commitment so I know if you're going to play it my name in Roblox is random peoples2
Do gachaverse reactions
Im so broke \nI can't get it because\nIts not shipping in the philippines\nAnd im broke ;-;
Love you funneh !
Why do people bother watching this if there just gonna dislike
Where’s krew craft
Hi pls a shoutout
What happened to the one life episodes?
I think you should get a face cam
I love your channel more than any challenge in the world but my parents don’t let me watch roblox so please do more music necraft
everytime I look at the merch I cry [ says is sad voice ]I would be able to if I still had ureos from spain but we spent it all [ cries ]
Haha! Draco at the end! \n“You saw nothing” ??????
I’m Getting  3 Of The Plushies For My Birthday And 2 For Christmas XD \n(Because my birthday is on Xmas)
Hi my name is Sarah
It  should be  the  krew's and tell draco to com down ok Funeh
Hi funneh
Doo give away
plz can you do a part two this vid was awesome:)
Soo cool
k just so u know I got an idea for a series called THE CRIB CRASHERS!!!(roblox series)and u do what u guys did in this game
Funneh pls play some more Minecraft bedwars again! I miss it so suchhhhhh dhdhebdjdjdjsjsbdvdhcuglsbaif??????
I BOUGGT THE SQUSHIES YESSS
LOL DRACO STOP STEALING WE ALL SAW IT XD ??????????
DRACO STOP STEALING FURNITURE! ??
I like you
DELICIOUS MONEY LOL ??
I can’t get it either ??????????
Love you guys great vid
funneh I'm late BTW. I... well I was trick  or treating in Halloween And IMA say happy late b day love u My b day was my wish my wish was I wish  I see u in real and get a New merch
it was soo funny when draco kept steeling
Haha I love youuu
I LOVE YOUR Video FUNNEH
NO I l'm the one made for luxury life
Today at 12 pm I bought the same pack 2 lol
I am going buy plush but idk when
and dot fik l’m agrana
For once I'm early
l’am a big fan !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! ??????????????????????????
MORe FUNNEh MORE!!!!
So the dogs for sale... Say good bye to alven
l love you fonny
I like the fancy luxury house ??????
LUXURY PATATOS COMING THROUGH!! THERE GOING TO BE THE THE NEW JAKE PAUL????
OMG !\ndot stil jroko
U kno minecraft upgraded watch  stacys vidioe of minecraft changes
ITSFUNNEH I BEG YOU I WILL SEND ALL MY FUNNEH MEMES IF YOU PLAY DANCE YOUR BLOX OFF I BEG YOU!!!
Bless you rainbow or whoever sneezed
hi itsfunneh
The love is real
I love you funny
The Gucci life
18 minutes of the crew not finding a home
Yay i'm early for this episode!!!  Yay!
T^T I so sad\n\nToo make me happy I have to get likes\n\nThe most likes I get the more we love itsfunneh
Funneh can you do more videos about on life
I hate draco
Make more vids so we can see your face
Hey funneh sorry I’m late I was at my race I’m so happy that I finished it from all of the people that gave me good luck they must’ve wanted me to do my best
[00]_
Draco gat no chill with this luxury things
Can you play meepcity and decorate your castle
FUNNEH
I bought the Draco squishy :3
Yet
Funneh had been bad pleb woop woop dats the sound of da police
In funneh language piano is said like Pin-yano
lol
I tapped so fast it was private but then I left lol
Hai funneh I love ur vida bc they are funneh and interesting
YEEEEEEEE
XOPOOR XOXAD
Funneh gang funneh gang funneh gang funneh gang! DOGS where do u get dense games :00
:funnehlove:
16:32  \nBlessed you\nWho every sneezed it was kawii
Funneh give those cute animal plushes ;-;
There is a legend that if you say the itsfunneh’s name three times you will get pinned.\n\n\nItsfunneh \n\nItsfunneh \n\nItsfunneh \n\n\n;D
Play roblox
Hi robbers your under arrest ??
Funneh play more Human fall flat eith more friends
THE KREW ARE MADE FOR THE LUXURY LIFE~ \nBling bling!!\nBtw  the plushies are so cuteeeee!!!! I wanna buy them all but my allowance is not enough..???\n\n\n\n\nAchooo! is that rainbow?..
IM A BIG FAN
that picture is creepy ??
You should have taken the moder clkl
Hey funneh can you lower the price on the plushie I want ONE but it WAYYYYYYYY TO PRICY $120 SRSLY FOR ONE PLUSHIE
the luxury lifeeeeehhhhhh
(Goes and buys all of the Funneh plushies) My life is now complete.
Plebs forever
I mean when are y’all going to start krew craft
Why everything so expensive in the shop I wish it was like a £1 ?? I’m broke
When’s are y’all going to start keep craft again
Yass
The 70 peeps we. Disliked are not ready for luxary
When you tell your friends that you're rich and they say prove it...
Funneh
Hey Funneh me and my friends are going to become youtubers we want to know what you use to record your videos
I’m kinda ??
IM AN EaRliEr POTATO ??
my parents would not let me bye the merch sorry
Loved it
OMG THE PLUSHIES are cute but I can’t get em ??????????
Squishies!  ????I think I'm getting them!  \n\nBut love this!!!!!!
I have that map
Love your video
??????????????????
??
Funneh it's your house because you went through the portal first.
NOTICE ME PLZZZZ
Heyo Krew!
Yandere high¿¿¿¿¿¿¿\n\n(:() rip
If you cant get the plushies/squishes ask for them for Christmas!
Can I have a shout out plz
FUNNEHHHH
Hai
Floof can you share your plushies...no...Okay
Can u do a minecraft ROLEPLAY Like if u agree
Lunar looks swaggy
OMG HI THERE :D
It's not a luxurious if it doesn't have a potato machine.
Hi funneh,I wanna be rich like y'all -~-
Lo
SUB TO SUB?
Hey funny Facebook for people on roblox of number three bath three you can beat them in there is a new thing in the store
You tried the life of luxury you didn’t like it so... TIME TO BE ROBBERS
Who's been here since 1M. I have. ??
I love how there is every coulor but purpel i think ??
:o I LUV THE STUFFIES!
??????????????????????????\n??????????????????????????\n??????????????????????????\n??????????????????????????\n??????????????????????????\n????????????????????????????????????????????????????\n??????????????????????????\n??????????????????????????\nI love watching you
XD Lunars mistake 12:13
KREW
Funneh can you play cup head with aphmau?
I'm a BIG FAN. Leave a Dumes up if your a big fan
friend me in roblox im folloing you i have you goch hodie pls pls pls pls pls friend me i will cry if you dot
Can you plz tame a beaver Justin beaver ????????
Yay!!!!!!you're doing more of this season
It$funneh
We got dem thieves in the luxury life xD
Parte 2
last time i was this early einstein was alive.
When can you do more roplay
bRuhhhhhhhhhh i love how funneh thought it was her house but then the truth was revealed ????(?????)
THERE'S A NEW MEME FOR DRACO HE STEALS AND THEN SAYS U SAW NOTHING
british rich people eat snails ewww yuck
Tasa that life is money luxury’s life yay
funneh can you upload vids more often like tow times a day
Funneh what is going on with yander high  school
This is hilarious ??
I'm 1 hour late but Its ok bc I can still watch it :D
I love the fancy outfits! The Krew is so expensive now ??p.s the dogo standing inside the plushies is so adorable??
Potatoes
The crew plushies cost to much TwT to be exact 200$ TWT
Cool
thats what i learned today
Rumors are if you say a youtubers name three times they will pin you\n\n\n\n\n\nItsFunneh\nItsFunneh \nItsFunneh \n\n\n\nHopefully this works!\nLove you Krew fam!????????????
Love this video \nThis vid deserves 10M + likes
When funneh says “we broke guys” she opens her inventory and she’s got stack and stacks of cash and diamonds and just expensive stuff ??
Give me the money bro ??????????????????????????
LUXURY PUPPY ?? ????
Yasssss money??????????
when i ask people to donate they siad stuff like work loser
I CANT AFFORD THE PLUSHIES IM BROKE ;-;
Love this video
Love u funneh
in roblox in bloxburg
Guys go back to when Draco said the word ship at 9:11 comment if u think he said something else or it sounded like he did!
THE DOG
no one cares if u get scammed
ya yeet
its funneh i learned today that...................
Heey
Funneh van u make your plushies be available in greece please i need them and i have to pay more euros to take them please make them available to countries with euros pleeeaase i need it !! But i cant spend a lot of money..
Funneh can you do more human fall flat????????????
Hello Krooomans \n\nGet my moneyz from my mansion\nDoes that sound familiar\n(The beginning) 0:00\n Also selling my replay time get for free.\n0:00\n0:00\n0:00\n0:00
I havepush r n
??????????\nThese hearts are for the Krew...\nIf you really love the Krew like this comment. If you don't that means you don't love them\nI liked my comment because I love the Krew ??
Yesterday I saw one of your fan with your plushie
Oofer gang
Hi sorry I was late
Hi funneh????????
Hi funneh u are the best in youtube
Cool
HIIII FUN-EH   You have the best potato vids??????
OMG THOSE CUTE STUFFIESSSSSSS AHHHHHHHHHHH!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!}!!!
I WANT DAT PLUSHIEEEEE BUY NOW YAASSSS
Omg  funneh your so funny get it
This is the luxury life XD
Think your made for this life? Think your made for the luxury life? SO FUNNY! XD
*Part of the Gucci Gang Club* ????
This is my scariest story \nClick if you dare\n\n\n\n\n\nSo basically I was watching ItsFunneh and I was eating POTATO CHIPS \nA-and I looked down... and I..\nI HAD NO POTATO CHIPS\nI called the police.They hung up\nI call the potato sorority and they broke down my house\nBut then they made my house out of potato chips but...\nTwo seconds later I had no home  \nOne like = one potato chips for me
1 hour later OMG IM HERE YAS
Bootiful!
LaTe BeCaUsE WiFi WeNt OuT
the end tho
Oof
?°?
Can you play The Who is the murderer in minecraft?! Plz its sooo good
I Love U GUYS SOO MUCH POTATOS 4 LIFE
Your the best YouTube channel ever
I reallyyyy want the krew squshies
Can you do bedwars but can you make a sky-tower next time  if you see this comment.
Plz make part 2?
Yayyy im sooo excited im getting ur merch for xmas
Dicth rainbow
Sorry im late
I might get one but I will have to wait two weeks to get the money....And hopefully I am aloud to get one :)...Wait....IMMA TRY TO GET EM ALLL
That looks like my dog XD 4:06
YESSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSS KREW, YASSSSSSSS!
ITS MY BIRHDAY TOMORROW!!!!!!! ??????????????????????????????????????
Hey funneh. Do you know about the new hacker group, Project Zorgo? They took a lot of channels. Be careful. Also btw I love your channel! Bye funneh!
r!ch3$t k!d$ 0n th3 b10ck 0000hhhhhh y3ahhhhhhhhhh
Xd so funneh
Dude yo mics are bocen
Do more krewcraft
Love you da krew ???
We LUXARY
Fuji krw
Btw this vid is epic!
Money funneh\n??
I HAVE ROBLOX ON MY COMPUTER BUT IDK HOW TO MOVE PLS HELP ME!!!!
Hi my username  to roblox  is lavena246
wowie
Luxury..
Funneh I’m buying a funneh squishy and a lunar squishy
Hi I love your video
That moneh
Can’t steal some goods from a rich mansion irl?\ntHEn hOW aBoUT dOiNg it oN mInECraFt?
No I'm an hour late no.hey it's funneh and the crew I loved you view you are my #1 you tubers
I am made for everything ??????????
Those outfit are amazing I think
HIYA YALL I LOVE YOU GUYS SO MUCH (THE KREW AND FAM!)
And sometimes i don't
Funneh i miss your old intro
I new that lunar would take the golf cart
8 more or less real life is a funny funny funny funny game funny????????????????
\"totally early\" lol
Hey love the video  and i am following all of you on Roblox I am subscribed to your channel and when i was playing ROBLOX i saw all of you playing a game so i was thinking you was going to post another video
This was a funneh video
I have a joke for Rainbow to use it’s not really a pun but it’s funny!????????!! Ok so a Canadian walks into a bar with a parrot on it shoulder and the someone says “ Nice mate you got their bud” and the PARROT says LOL “ Thanks I got him from Toronto Canada!!” Like if you think I was funny!HAHAHAHAHHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAH
Dis is boring ????
Oofer gang oofer gang oofer gang
Everyone this is the Ocean's 8
Please hurry and add me please pretty please I am begging
If you scroll down fast you will see purple\n\n????????????????\n????????????????\n????????????????\n????????????????\n????????????????\n????????????????\n????????????????\n????????????????\n????????????????\n????????????????\n????????????????\n????????????????\n????????????????\n????????????????\n????????????????\n????????????????\n????????????????\n????????????????\n????????????????\n????????????????\n????????????????\n????????????????\n????????????????\n????????????????\n????????????????\n????????????????\n????????????????\n????????????????\n????????????????\n????????????????\n????????????????\n????????????????\n????????????????\n????????????????\n????????????????\n????????????????\n????????????????\n????????????????\n????????????????\n????????????????\n????????????????\n????????????????\n????????????????\n????????????????\n????????????????\n????????????????\n????????????????\n????????????????\n????????????????\n????????????????\n????????????????\n\nLike if you see purple and if you don’t see can you like it anyways cause this took like 20 minutes to make
Love yall
Oops I spelled it wrong sorry
Krew your still salty
Lol
What happend to krew kraft
XD
Funneh on Roblox add kitty bluebest tell the crew
I love the krew ?
I'm 30mins late ugh I'm never early
Draco stiling stuf
U should play rap battle
1 hour!
Hmmm\n\n\n\n\n\nYour Rich
I buy that mode yesterday
I am getting funnehs squishes in Christmas ??
Luxury is nice
EARLYYYYYYYYY AYYYYYAYAYAYAYAAYYA FIRST TIMEEEEEEEEEEEEEEW
Where's krewcraft?
The car that lunar had is faster than a Lamborghini
Omg save Lunar f4om the thumbnail
Draco stop
DRACOOOOOOO\nI'm not hating, but... Why do people blame things that you are doing different?
Im getting the itsfunneh plushie on Xmas ??????????
Where's krecraft?
Steel a house and called home ??
Funneh looks like a rapper
C:
Crack stop
I hate Draco he is a thief KILL DRACO
Anyone else wants the DraconiteDragon plushy ????
IVE NEVER BEEN THIS EARLY FOR A VIDEO!! I CAN FINALLY SAY THAT I LUV YOUR CHANNEL AND U ARE MY FAVOURITE YOUTUBERS!!\nluv u krew!
Can you please make more Roblox family videos in bloxburg they have a new update please show the sad clown return and come back to bloxburg for revenge please!!!!
Funneh says, \"You dont want to see the stuff?\" and looks at the ships.
Lol sad potato life ????????????I love you guys
The krew has a savage life
Can I plz have some love bc last night a family member died in car crash after visiting us????????????????????
{___}\n(•~•)\n(>??
OMG I WAS JUST IN ONE OF THOSE SERVERS xD
Funneh can you do another minecraft bedwars..\nPleaseee....\n??????????????????????
I was so I tired I couldn't watch it on time
;c i'm not first.. BUT THATS OKAY! :3
Funneh
It’s funny can you show us where you live
That guy might be the butler
What happened to krew craft
Funneh your the best youtuber! And my favorite youtuber
Love the vid peeps
U guys r my fav YouTubers
Just now I went on your website and bought the whole knew squishes??????
hwwo
Nice video
You know Funneh is rich
Funneh
hi potato fam
Love u
OMG HI YOU SENT ME A FRIEND REQUEST :)
ONE LOFE
Love ?? you funneh great vid ??
<3
I love this vid
PIN ME I DARE YOU
Hi funneh I'm a fan and I'm a youtuber
Oh my god hahahahaha????????????
Potato squad
Funneh’s rapper name= F money?
Love ya vids
Funneh new plushies with floof????????
Pls hire me as a butler I will serve you anytime I have de moneyzzz
I love u
Why are your thing so much!!!?
Funneh. I'm getting the squishie!\nOnly Draco funneh and rainbow or lunar. ITS SO HARD
Beginning tho XD
Cool
I’m late D:
Hello funneh I love your videos you are the BEST youtuber ever!!
Hi I love you guys
Rainbows Gucci clothes lol
I think I’m early :D
Love y'all more tho
Can u do building ur comments and can u build ............................. a fairy house
I CAN GET A FUNNEH SQUISHE I got some money today and now I have the money to get one :3
Love it
Are you luxury enough funneh and krew?
prettyyy
That’s a huge mansion
AMAZING OUTFITS THO!
I got the squishes!
Love you
SWISH SWISH SWISH\n\nMAKE IT RAIN MAKE IT RAIN
Luxury life or potato life
ok so Kat and Draco are mentq
Funneh I love your videos they make me laugh so much!!!??????
yo funneh you looking hot funneh is my boss
I’m a hour late ??
.pie. .pie. .pie.\n\n\n\nPie\n Pie\n  Pie\n    Pie\n     Pie\n    Pie\n   Pie \n  Pie\n Pie\nPie\n Pie\n  Pie\n   Pie\n    Pie\n     Pie\n    Pie \n   Pie\n  Pie \n Pie\nPie\n Pie\n  Pie\n   Pie\n    Pie\n     Pie\n    Pie\n   Pie\n  Pie\n Pie\nPie\n Pie\n  Pie\n   Pie\n    Pie\n     Pie\n    Pie\n   Pie\n  Pie \n Pie\nPie\n Pie\n  Pie\n   Pie\n    Pie\n     Pie\n    Pie\n   Pie\n  Pie\n Pie\nPie\n Pie\n  Pie\n    Pie\n     Pie\n    Pie\n   Pie\n  Pie\n Pie\nPie\n Pie\n  Pie\n   Pie\n    Pie\n     Pie\n    Pie\n   Pie\n  Pie\n Pie\nPie\nPls like it was hard
Here we have the krew living a luxury life
18 minutes of the krew trying to survive
yassssss
Draco has a problem
Funnehs house
I wish I had Minecraft ?? it looks fun to play with anyways awesome video??????
LUXURY GIRLLLL
Yay
??????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????\nI am ple
It's funny why are not playing crewcraft your town don't forget your daughter and dragon
Hi I'm late saw it and was like yaaaaaaaaaaaaaaas
Good job stealing manisoins XD good luck
FUNNEEEH I WANT YOU TO PLAY SOLO BUT.. IN MOBILE OR LAPTOP TO PLAY GRANNY WITHOUT THE KREW IN A SOLO ACT
EARLY \nfunneh im your  biggest fan ever i also play roblox my name is orlando3334 i have bloxburg meeting u there will be a dream
Love your vid. Guys you better subcribe because shes the best if you dont subcribe Im goin to uuh dont know but sub to itsfunneh ?
If you love us pin this!!!!
I wish I could get the squishes but my dad said it’s to expensive :(
Slay krew slay
i loved it can you do more vids like this? <3
Not supported for a DIY...
Hi
We all made for the Pleb life yassssss
Funneh what happened to your dog it's gone or it drowned or it's at that first house you went to because it can't go in the hellacoptrr
Funneh!!!\n\n\n\n\n\n\nHi
I'm so late sowy sempai\n\nEdit:Ima like ma own comment cuz I'm a lonely potato
Sly krew
Luxury life is Gucci
FUNNEH BRING BACK CREW CRAFT PLEASE  ????????????????
THE EPIC MUSIC THO????
Luxury life!!!!!!
Legand says if you say a YouTuber name 5 times you might get pinned or a heart\n\nItsfunneh \nItsfunneh\nItsfunneh\nItsfunneh\nItsfunneh\nHopefully this works
YAYYY IM LATE :((((((((\nEdit:I Luv you FUNNEH and the krew so much! And I have one of those PLUSHIES except it’s not one of the krew membership it’s just a kitty :/
Funneh broke the barbaQ
I HAVE ALL THE PLUSH
I AM SO GETTING THE SQUISHIE PACKAGE
Can u play mini world
The luxury life is so beautiful and the krew deserves the luxury life
Awwww the Plushies are soo cute!
I’m in 3rd class???? 1 like = 1 pray  I get into 1st class ??
Hey Funneh this is an Awesome video if you ever have another q and a heres a question are you minecraft made by you are someone else?
i love u funnnnnnnnnnnnnnnehhhhhhh
i love you guys
Love your vids
Hold up did Draco say Sh**. IAM SHOOK
Hi Funneh! Can you and the Krew play more Kribz or Luxury Life?
I love you
You\nKnow\nWho\nIs\nThe\nBest\nPerson\nEver?\n\nRead The First Word :)
I Love Your Videos Funneh!! ??
Bro
Hi Funneh I LOVE your videos they're amazing I'm your biggest fan
OMGGGG?I JUST BOUGHT THE KREW SQUSHIES AHHHH I'M SO HAPPY THERE SO CUTE???????
this is still my fav YouTube\nChannel
Sally early*
At my school everyone has a squishie\nthey not the nicest they tease me that i dont have a squishie\nFinally i dont care anymore about they're squishies \nAnd now the krew made some merch  squishies \nGreat.  Know i care about squishies again
YOU GUYS IM GONA BE EMOTIONLESS FOR 48 HOURS!! NOW ISRNT THAT COOL\n\nEdit: i mean mins
I MISS KREWTOWN Sooooo much ;( plz do more
EARLY!
Looks like luxury life went I little robbed
I'm gonna get the squishes
May I have one pls. Love your vids!!
Love your video
FUNNEHH HIIIII
You are anzaing
Hi!
RUN FRoM THE FBI
Wow
I think the robber in the beginning told you how to steal ????????
play flee the facility
I am the 23,142 viewer. LOL XD XD XD  She gets millions of views in just 43 minutes.
Tell draco to stop stilling stuff
It’s Dominga
OOOOOOOOHHH BOI DATS A LOT OF BOOKS\nWhen funneh said that I realized I said that too but at my bffs house XD
Does it come with the cute dog lol
My nofication won't work
love you funneh
43 minutes late ;-;
I Love you plz redrawn too me and can I get a shout out
Lol
Wat
You stole from the mansion so something bad happens to you and that my friend is called karma
:c your squishies are too  expensive thier 119.00 thats a lot just for five and one is 29.00 too much
Best YouTuber ever
I was trying to steal funneh's like botton. > :)
I HATE FUNNEH
Omg im geting the krew squishes yay ??
Yas
THERE DOGS SO SO CUTE I LOVE THE MERCH AND MOST OF ALL..........THE KREW AND THE DOGS THEY HAVE does Draco sound ULULULLULULULULULLULULULULULLUULLULULULULU
I loooooooooooooove you
my dad is rich \"-\"
Funneh please upload more minecraft camping trip ??
Yay im under 1 hour
Yaas
IS IT WEIRD I Would FEEL VERY HONORED IF THE KREW STOLE FROM ME!!????
Yaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaas
Happy Veterans Day, krew! Happy Veterans Day to everyone, actually! On Friday, in school, the whole 6th grade gathered to the big theatre, and we got to view awesome performances! The dances were my favorite. A 6th grade I know was even rapping on stage, she was good!
And kit kats
Hi;)!!!!!!!     $$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$
*looks at the thumbnail and read the title*\nWelp, at least it my 2nd most favorite person out of the Krew
Moreeeeeeee
I have a good fan art but i can't send fan art when I be big I will send you it
I lovee your vids
Draco is so boujee ??
Weres krew craft?
I heard that if you say a youtubers name 3 times I'd get pinned?! Itsfunneh itsfunneh itsfunneh! I ? U guys! :)
Would funneh’s name be punneh if u made lots of puns?
OMG I WAS LIKE what should I watch I'm bored AND THEN I GOT A THING FORM HITTINGBTHE BELL YASSS
The Krew steal from the richest of the richest mansions in Minecraft!!!!!! Only for that \"Luxury Life!\"???????????????
I want you in the game with me!!!!
Haiiii
f
Hey
Did he say a ship or a word?
Your the best
Keep it up
I love you guys you are so funny
Hi funneh am buying ur plush the pillow the pack bag and the shirt c:\nAnd draco little plush too
7:07 i was dying ????????????????????????????
I just bought the knew hoodie
COME ON KREW FAN WE CAN GET MORE THAN 2.1 VIEWS!\n\nEdit: Correction 21K views
I WANNA THAT NEW MERCH JUST PLZZZZZZZZZZZ my mom wouldn't let me cause I do euro not dollars I wish I was in Canada ????????????
I made it I love your videos it'sfunneh I was your first fan
draco isn't stealing! \nHe is borrowing
More!!!!!
love u krew
1,302 comment!!!! And 3,083 like!!!!!!!
Yeah I made it
loved it
loved it
I DIDNT GET NOTIFIED!!! Amazing vid!
im really sad right now because i live in Norway so i cant get the plushies and i was crying for hours
YAY IT IS THE LUXURY MORE LIFE-MEANING MORE MONEY!  GURL YOU ALREADY GOT BLING BLING. GUCCI
Funneh never saw this comment
Find it??????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????
where day krew craft doe?
vids I met instead of beds
I LOVE YOU SO MUCH FUNNEY yassssssssssssss.
Golds bbq car XD
I was going to buy the plushes but they too expensive. :( I also live in the UK ;((( So it will be harder
Hi! I’m kind of late! I love this video Funneh I have been watching you for 2 years this is my third I have the krew poster Funneh plush and I’m ordering a rainbow squishie and what I want from Santa is a surprise! I follow the whole krew on Instagram! You always make me laugh! I hope this made your day and I hope you see this! I love this video it’s sooo Funneh you get it? \n\n-Luna
My mum thinks the squishies are too expensive\n\nOther than that, I luv you krew
I'm the 1,284 comment yes new record btw l luv your beds
Omg this was the best can you please  do more
lunar is looted?
I,ve
Where KREW CRAFT
Is floof for sale?
Love d vids
P\nPo\nPot\nPota\nPotat\nPotato\nPotat\nPota\nPot\nPo\nP                           YEET
Yes kind of early!
The squishes are on my birthday list.
Yes
I can't afford to look at it that's how broke I am
Yay not late kind of
Hey how was remdranceday
Lol
lol
i love ur vid there the best yeah
Oofles
Play  treasure  heart
Have you guys ever played camping it that the market
love u guys
Funneh can you respond to this because I have a question. How long does the plushies stay in your merch store? Because my mom wants to buy me one for Christmas and she wants to know if it’s limted time. And also funny video ??????
Kinda early?? XD  ARE YOU MADE FOR THE LUXURY LIFE? -yeaaahhh
Plz pin me I,be never been pinned
Hi I’m early!
hi how are you guys ??
Hi krew your awesome
??I needs the squishies.
Your the best youtuber in the universe
funneh can you do more bed wars or yandere hight please yandere hugh was sooo gooood
yrsmy5j3wjtwtsjtjs\njtsrgdtjdmdutsutltusstulsrukrusktusmhtsmtsmjmtjstmshfmhshmtshmstmfhsfmshmhfsmhfsmfjsjmxtuxmthmzthgdgdgddgdgdhdghfhdhutmfgtsumtmdudtmjdyyjmdgy789\ntjsr5eiuwl4sruliydlutsmymarydietdtgsj5sl757fhdtumststsstlufumsmutdumdttumd
Yandere high!!! Where you at? ??
I cant get the plushies because i am form england and i dont have he currancy that you need to buy them and the price isnt really near my price range witch means it is too much money for me i hope you understand sorry funneh and the krew ?????? if i could get them i would but i cant sadly hope u understand bye
Funneh, You an amazing youtuber because all the progress we are proud of you!
I WANT THE FUNNEH SQUISHES BUT MY MOM WONT LET ME :(
FUNNEH HOW U SEND FAN MAIL
LoL
money money   money for lifeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee  cash
YEEEEET \nKREW??
U make my sadness into  happiness
??
yasssss
you make me happy even though I think I sprang my ankle we are at the hospital
Early
Krew is back! (Back robering)
I'm a true fan because I comment on the video  befor the video
YAY FUNNEH I’m EARLY I’m so happy
Hiiiiiii krew
Hi FUNNEH
Oh my god, this is my first comment and it is to my FAVORITE YouTuber.
KREW SQUISHES ?!!? NANIIIIIIII
Goldenglare
I’m late
i really want the gacha hoodie but its too expensive >,~,<
Love ur vids tho do more of robbing games or hello neighbor ?????? cya????????
Hi funneh I love you and the krew so much
IM GETTING A KREW SQISHY I HOPE ;-;
I love your vid
16:49 funneh did break it
Hi
LOVE YOU
Plz I love you guys
The luxury robber life
when your next yandere high episode?
Omg I really want those squashes
Bet you are going to be Rich
First before 1000trillon coments
Plsssss
Can you do one life pls
Yasss crew squishies
Omg funneh
Pls pin meh!?!?
I wish you made the whole pack of squishy‘s more cheap because I want to buy the whole pack but I know my mom won’t to let me because it’s so expensive :(
Do you live in Toronto
Wat so in Roblox you robed and now you rob in Minecraft?
Funneh. Are you made for the luxury life \nMe. No i i aahahaahahahah
If i ever meet the krew im gonna freaking faint!?????
I am mad
Sowt out pls I love ya gys
Can i buy this in a store? And if yes wich one? I mean the plushys can i buy those in a store? Please tell me i can and if yes is it only in Amerika? Cuz im not Amerikan
I love watching your guys videos you guys are so funny
Funneh did you drown your puppy cause your puppy follows you ????????????????
Soup... idk why??????????
Helllooooo beautiful person reading my comment!!! ??????
Yassss girl yass
Because it so expensive
It's funny my mom and dad won't let me do it can you plz say it is not a scam
Why are people disliking your videos...\n\nAnyways the myth says that if you say the youtuber's name 5 times they pin and like your comment...\nlets try this :3\n\nItsFunneh\nItsFunneh\nItsFunneh\nItsFunneh\nItsFunneh\n\nHopefully it works :3
Draco : I want a BBQ\nFunneh : are u sure \nDraco : never mind I WANT TO GO TO WALLMART ,WALMART FOR LIFE!!
And my mom will not get me some thing for my bday ty
Love the intro and love yall????
Ledgends say that if you sat ItsFunneh 3 times you will be pinned \n\n\nItsFunneh\nItsFunneh\nItsFunneh
Poor poor krew
Crewcraft
Mmm hey funneh everytime my mouth is down my mouth goes up when i see your videos thank you guys
Is your dog for sale too? I would buy it like if u agree --------------->
There are only 500 left nuuuu
Draco : You have a daughter?!\n\n\nReturn of Dominga...
Hewwo Again Funneh And The Krew!\nWuv You All!\nI Thought It Was Laundry Life -_- \nXd
Living the Luxury Life with the krew~
first to have the 1180 comment
Hey I love the new merch but btw can I get the dog with the merch to :P Just kidding
You guys deserve the luxury life! And can you do more a hat in time!
You guys are brothers and sisters
Itsfunneh can you plz lower the price of your website so I can get some thing tomorrow is meh bday
Love funneh??
The krew squishes are too expencive ????
That's Just  Quite Mean Funneh
Hey random people who is reading dis??????
the everything in itsfunneh stuff is to exensive and i sad................................I STILL LUV U THO
Omg yes. IM NOT LATE\nIma early potato ??. Also I heard if you say the you tubers name 3-5 times you get pinned so here I go\nItsFunneh\n  ItsFunneh\n    ItsFunneh\n  ItsFunneh\nItsFunneh
You have inspired me and now my only wish is to be pinned
Box
who wants more yandre high from funneh
I MADE a new babble cry
Im ur biggest fan and I've always wanted to get ur march and u only have 500 I know two people already got it and I asked my mom but I knew before I did she would say wait tell Christmas and they will be sold out by then  and there really expensive so my mom would not buy it for me anyway even if they were not limited she would not get it for me bc its a lot of money :( T-T
??????????????????
Please more krewcraft
I luv you Funneh your a amazing YouTuber.
Funneh love your vid I'm eating a hot dog while watching this
Bruh
FUNNEH!!????????
R.I.P barbecue\n2018-2018
Wow I think the draco squishy is toast tiger
It’s 5 in the morning where I live lol I have school tomorrow 2?????? Luv yall????
HMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMAMAMAMAMAMAMAMMAMAM\nHMMMMMMMMMMAMAMAMAMAMAMAMAMAMAMAM
Why hasn't funneh got 99. 99million  subscribers by now? Because project Zorgo is watching you all...
So lit
You don't understand the point of the luxury life, the point is to be luxurious and steal stuff at the same time wait I mean borrow-
At the start I thought it was EXTREME!!!!!!!!!! But then it was luxury
Lest we forget\nThe 11th hour, of the 11th day, of the 11th month..\nHappy, but I guess not so happy? \nRemembrance Day
We want luxury :D!!!!
I mean 1:06
Funneh please like I’m a huge fan you make me laugh and make my day! I love you and the krew
1:09
I stole my mom's $ for that map because you played it
Hai funneh!!
LATE POTATO SQUAD WHEEE U AT?! XD
That Thumbnail Is Kinda creepy
The thumbnail thou
at the beginning of the episode where u showed ur merch i was like, 'your dog so cute\n\n\n\n\n\n\nI want to kill it
Yass I AM I'M LIVING \"THE POTATOSSSS
oh yaaa
Says shes broke but has almost 2 stacks of money in her heart bar........ logic??
Funneh I’m in so much pain I accidentally sprayed spray it went in my eye
get ready for the krew looking fabulous while stealing cars????
So fancy! The Luxery Life~\nOh mah gawd if I was u I wouldn't even take those books out  ??\nFancy way for piano: Pinano xD
Love you guys
KREWCRAAAFT!!! PLEASE FUNNEH
Can you do part 2 i like it
9 minutes and 1K views already! xD\n\nP\n\n3\n\nP
Funneh, Can You Make The Plushies A Little Bit...Cheaper?
Where is krew craft
Early??
Lol just kill all the people and it can be your home
Umm funneh Draco see honey to you?? ummm
??????????
No funneh tell the krew it's your butler and maid cause why would ur dogs be there ??
Is it just me or does the bodyguards look like Donald Trump but in Minecraft! ????
I quit my project that's due in two days to watch your video.\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\nprobably a bad idea but.. I'm a PlEb
A DISLIKE WHO DARES DISLIKE MY FUNNEH AND THE KREW I EVEN KNOW ALL THEIR REAL NAMES funneh-Cat But spells with a k bc she is ridiculous
I LOVED THIS VID IT WAS BOOTIFUL
ItsFunneh\nItsFunneh\nItsFunneh
DA MUCCI LIFE!!!
Love your vids
I’m the poor life
I've played that too????????
I love your vids it's like I cant even say it but is bigger than the world
If I lived in a mansion I would have a pet Shiba ?? or Canine.
Yay i am kind of early
Hi
those pillows are so cute
I’m 21 minutes late! At least before 30 mins!
Yessss
I love how draco was stealing everything!!! lol
Go Krew and funneh Go AND ROB your one house.BURNED
Love you and the krew but the dog is very cruel to the krew so funny I nearly died by laughing ?? ??????????????????????????????????
When funneh said r u good with luxury \nDis is what i said: nu i cant even deal with a phone ._.
cooooooollllll
When funneh was running I was like lets go run dooo doo doo do run do do run away
hi
ILYSM
My dad works for the FBI
Early love you rich plebs!
Can the krew rap if you want them to like and reply to my coment
I love your vids funneh
Whats up Krew?\nLuv ya'll
Do crew craft l miss it :(
Hi KREWW I love you ??????????
I think i am made 4 the LUXARY life ??????????????????????????????????????
OMGG I LOVE UR VIDS
WOW YOU GET IN 15 OR MORE MINUTES ALOT OFF VEWIERS LOVE YA EARLY PATATOE SQAUD
Roses are red\nViolets are not blue \nI am in love \nWith potatatos and the krew.
Hi love you guys so much keep up the good work
I bought the plushies :D
Hi lol I’m really late
Yay I'm finale early
I even have a tattoo of you on my arm and it hurts so bad I got to say
early squad xD (late squad
I like the vid
My mom's friend gave birth today
Roses are Red\nViolets are blue \nDon't mess with the krew \nOr they'll MURDER you. \n\nJoking we all love them and there videos. Right? ?
videos can you make some of these videos too and I'm begging you in more Roblox please I'm begging you and you got to listen to me cuz I'm your biggest fan of them all
Luxury life the best life ??\nI Love you my senpai  hope you notice me one day....
Calls police
Ohhhh he stealinggggg
Add me on roblox plsss plsss plssss am your number 1 fan
I love youuuuuuuùuuuuuuu????????????
its almost my birthday!
im an early potato today
Pin meh now pin meh
Hggfgffsfsydyvgf3&*&3213*#13169999765321$
I funneh I love your videos  a lot
Funneh after this vid can you friend me on Roblox it would be a dream come true my username is marinetteissscool plezz plezz with potato sprinkles on top
You guys are the best youtubers ever lived!!!!
I love you. It came True I wish I can join you but I love you
ET TO TA CHOPPA
Can you go on the game were you all do acctionly have a home and can you finsh rainbows home
Oof
HI FUNNEH
Yo I am here
I want a toast tiger ??????
Love this money s ??????????????????????????
Rainbow: over here ladies!\nMe:Draco’s a girl!?!?,?!?!
Poor pop star\nhehehe
You guys are so awesome
IDK WHICH PLUSH I SHOULD BUY, reply to me for which i should buy :PP
Best content
I'm the biggest fan
mwine craft
You are the best
I love you funneh I love how you make me believe in myself to do youtube
Who else likes the plushies?
Funneh Kardashian ??????
WELCOM TO DA LUXURY LYFE BOIS AND GURLS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
early!!!!!x
Wow only 17 mins and thousands of ppl comented
Hey i made it in time
(I'll sub to everyone if they sub to me) not kidding
Funneh i love u
18:30 minutes of the crews 10/10 goof :3 which i love :D
ur the best
I am sikk
Lol
Hi krew!
C: \n:)\n(:\n;)\n(;\nHAPPY FACES
I haven’t been this early since 1990
play thinkgiving games
So many Views in a few minutes...
Fanneh why your steel playing roblox now I wanna join
Lunar is a gangster
Hi your channel is amazing??
I was laughing so hard when funneh was chasing Draco with her dogs and when the krew was being chasing by the dudes, lol\n\nI love you funnehhhhhh
I SPY WITH MY LITTLE EYE FUNNEH PLAYING ROBLOX!!!\n\n\nshe might not be anymore...
You and the krew are the best!!!!!!!!????
I'm PRETTY SURE THE OWNER KILLED FUNNEH`S DOGS\nHe's a monster.\n\nEdit: The first owner
Luv u funneh!! I think I’m gonna preorder your new plushies for Christmas!
yass funneh my sister getting one of the crew plushie for Christmas
Wowww I’m done falls on the floor Funneh video pops up Oh time to watch
LOVE YOU
Funny kid makes more croutons and kid makes Mama Roblox baby videos please please please please can you make some more was it called crew town and put dominga and attract house and was it called give her I know that
ITS MADE ME PEE MAH SELF I COULDENT STOP LAUGHTING xD
Bruh try me I will steal you if you dare try
$$$$$$$$\n$ Money $\n$$$$$$$$
The LIFE I want to STAYyY
Love you guys
The squishiest are adorable.  ??????????????????????????????????????????????
I almost had A HEART ATTACK WHEN I DIDN'T GET THE NOTIFICATION FOR THIS VIDEO!!
??????
Love u funney
How get sqwishys
I LOVE YOUR VIDS ??
Draco where you the robber in that tiny little glass place because you're stealing funnehs  Furniture I bet funneh is going to steal your furniture now
Im gald u didnt scam me...
Yay im not late!!! btw love you krew
what up
“I just wanna eat food.”\n\nLunar is literally me! ??
I love all your videos and this is awesome and I love ur vids and I watch them all the time even when I come back from school plz follow hellocandy1175 and Allison.h8242 on Instagram
Tomorrow is my b-day lovee you!??????????????????????????????
I'm early
Hey FUNNEHHHH
HI FUNNEH!!!!!!
Draco:I know I’m made for the luxury life.\n\nAt 16:05 It looked like those two NPCs were kissing.
Luxury Lunar be livin' her life
LOVE U FUNNEH :D PS I'M A ?? POTATO?????????????????????????????? AND A PLEB
Hi
Funneh: Oh my gosh there are a lot of books....I’ll read them later\nMe: When I’m tooooo lazy to read
My birthday is tomorrow yay
UHG I JUST GOT SCAMED BY SOMEONE PERTENDING TO BE U
DO MORE FLEE DA FACILITY
Yass you played in this server before 2 times 3rd EPISODE
Very Fancy Outfits Guys
Funneh yay I love you and the krew
I'M HERE AT FOURTEEN MINITES I'M A KINDA EARLY POTATO
1.1k
Hi funneh
Hewo funenh
Wheres one life?
14 minuts 0_0
I’m BLOWN away by your flying ??
Funneh i love you make me laugh when im sad
Earlyyy
Early!\n\nWell kinda
I love vids I can't stop laughing ??
Hey you are my favorite YouTuber
Play Mario Kart 8
Love u guys\nI bet you will...\n\n\n\nPress read more
I luv this keep the good work
Lol u stole from mansions
I LOVE THIS YT CHANNELLL
Help mai plebios i need POTATOSSSS
PLS NOTICE MEH!nevermind you won't??????????????????
Love you and the krew!!!
I EARLY FOR THE video again
Oh no i'm 12 minutes LIT!
Ims so late  CRIIIIIIIIIII
Yay early potato
Is it me or does Funneh always upload at 3:00 reply or like if you think that as well
I love you so much funneh and the krew
WOW THIS WAS POSTED 11 MINS AGO AND IT ALREADY HAS 11,557  VIEWS
draco is so annoying when he dose stuff like steel or be over compettitive
OMG the squishies ARE SOOO CUTE!!!
Chill
11mins ago, Early or Late?  <3 Love the Krew
i heard if u say the youtuber name\n3 times u get pin\n\nItsFunneh\n\nItsFunneh\n\nItsFunneh
Please tell
sooooo rich loloololololololol love you can i please have a shout out you potato
ALL I the only one who scrolls down the comments and sees a comment and is like\n\nI WISHMIMPUT THAT FIRST!  ??
Early  yay
YAY!! I LOVE THIS
Can you play some more fortnite
\"You think your made for this life? You think you made for this Luxury life?\"\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\nMe: no.
Im going to get the krew squishies??
Plz shout out me plz funneh I love you!??
rainbow?... MORE LIKE GUCCI RAINBOW!!!
Gotta stay boujie ????
ITSFUNNEHNAND THE JEW IS SO FUNNY
Yasss krew living the rich live!
0:05 and then I watched it to> 18:19  and died of laughter.. \n\nThank you for making my day every month.
YASS FUNNEH
Hi funneh pls give me a shout p.s.I love you guys
I was so happy
I love your videos funneh they are amazing and funny .
Hi
Hi funneh
Wow 1k in 7 mins
Hey funneh when I fell sad I watch your vid to make me fell well bc your vid are funny
:3:3:3:3:3:3:3:3
Love it and you
Draco is a pleb thief
love r vids
OMG I love your videos they make me laugh so much and make my day thank you!
my dad  ordered mercy for me
Wow what happened to Krew Kraft
Wow what happened to Krew kraft
lol I LOVE THE KREW
Hey im the rich potato here give meh ur potatos!!! IF U DONT PRESS THE POTATO BUTTON THEN ILL SMASH A POTATO TO ALL OF YU ????
Please funneh please and the krew
When are you guys going to make a krewcraft video?
Wow already ten mins in and this many comments??
Funneh remember every dislike is just somebody who is jealous of you and your channel\n\nIM SORRY IM TEN MIN LATE OK
Omg so cool furniture
Funnehs name matches her so much
Im early funneh fam
EARLYY
Hi
Nice
Tez MB jejciu chcial tak diabli kasia w to work / kraniki ciociu ciociu ciociu ciociu ciociu ciociu idz Ui
Funneh can you play strucid\nits like fortnite but in roblox if your a true pleb then play it
Early!
PLS make more
I know this world! It just came out today! Now I want to play it!??
Funneh HELP IDK WHICH TEDDY BEAR I SHOULD BRING TO MEH FRIEND SLEEPOVER YOURS GOLDS DRACO LUNAR RAINBOW? I CANT DECIDE ;-;
Wow 10k views that’s very cool!!! And I Love You and the Crew!
Hiii funneh i luv your videos!
I'm EARLY ya ??
The only way to make a grand escape?!\n\nRIDE A BARBECUE STAND!! No one can catch you!!!
LOVE ITTT
I just see lunar on the cover and I’m like omg is this a rap vid
10 minutes late :c
Yes!
Merry Christmas and a happy new year before this I was singing away in a manger and if you don't now what it is it is a him
love you funneh
i love how it went from funneh \"owning\" the house to the krew running away from security
Meh QUEEN ??
IM EARLY FINALLY \nEdit : Early squad where u at?
Lol love u funneh
I ???? your videos funneh. Everyone PLEASE subscribe to ItsFunneh. She is the best youtuber in the entire universe
yasss im early :p i cant waitt for Christmas already ah yes so much funneh merch >w<
OH MAH GAWD YOUR GACHA PLUSHIES LOOK SO FREAKING CUTEEEEEE But i dont have one :C
Sooo crazy
I'm EARLY YASSS and I'm a pleb at obys to and your dogs are adorable ????????????????
EARLYSQUAD
Love the krew
Hi early
Please friend me on Roblox please please please it would be a dream come true
Wow the comment section blew up!
I put my tablet on airplane mode...\n\nI threw it....\n\nIt didnt fly....
RICH GURRLLLZZZZZZ\n\n\n\n\n\n\nAND BOI
I knew you was making one
Get out
love you krew
??
That thumbnail tho ??
early/potato squad where you at?
How do we get map I want !!!!!! It’ looks amazing
Hello
Omg draco is so funny!
Hello!!!!!
Your outfitttsss though ??
Hello there
Hiiiiii
Awesome video funneh
Funneh, Is your name Robin?\n\n\n\nCause you Robbin my heart ??
Love you funneh your the best.I love all your vids
OML I CLICK TO EARLY AND THE VIDEO WAS PRIVATE!! Why does this keep happening to meh?? T^T
Plz heart me I watch your video 2047 lol
829th!
Love uuuuuuuu!
I clicked so hard I bent time and space
I seriously love the vibe you bring on when you make these videos!! ??????
Early today yeeeesssssss and I love you guys so much
Lol i'm laughing so hard
Funnneh, I love your video a lot, It makes make laugh. I'm a big fan. Itsfunneh, hope you see this comment a leave a like.
You guys should make a minecraft roleplay in that house
You guys made me cry of joy ??????
Soo......I dont how you think we are going to buy the plushies like some ppl aren't rich...and if u look at the price that's a lot...soo how...some ppl are poor...THAT JUST SAD...
I lub ur vids sooooooo much??????????????????
Early potato
Draco likes the luxury life
Yay
I’m not early ;-; NOTICE ME SENPI
You guys should getting ready for the holidays on roblox family
HERE BEFORE 1K COMMENTS AND 10K VIEWS YESSS
Love you hop you have a good day????????????
Haiiiiii Funneh love the new merch and squishies love you all and all the dogs ??????????????????????????????????????
Krewcraft
Ok ok don't laugh.... OMGG....
roses r red vilets are blue yall hate me so i will start liking my own comments soon another one kk roses r red vilets r blue the time your looking for is 11:22
Please play flee the facility
Funneh I love your videos and you should play reaper simulator
Hi
I haven’t even finished watching the video yet, but I’m already commenting...
900
Hi funneh
GASP am meh early??????? NUM NOM YESH
Heyoo potatoes
Funneh I try joining you but I never can i feel pain  always I try to jou  you you make me laugh  a lot I love you
Nice,
7 mins off yeah
Heyyyyyy potatoes
Do a contest for a new skin in minecraft plz i want to make you a new skin
I need those mansions!!!!!!!!!;'???????????????????????????????????????
Hiiiiiiiiiii l love the vid :-D:-|
I wish I can join you in roblox :( \nnice vid!!!!
Love you krew! Can’t wait to get your MERCH!????
Piniano
Funneh ur supposed to rob XD
Hello are you exited for Xmas
9,310 <3 LOL
Love you funny your the best and cute dog
Come ok,
Cool
Love your moneycraft videos...see what i did there ;D
Hi ilove you funneh
Hi
?'? ???? ???? ?????? :(
I'M HERE potato QUEEN WHAT DID I MISS???
LUXURY \nLOLOLOL ??????
Can u play bloxburg soon please PS u r the best mah gamer queen???????????????????
PPL WHERE U AT
KREW SQUISHES I NEED THEM ??????
Wow there must be so much money
Hi im a huge fan plus we have the same bday aye
Omg it was a vid love it ????
Omg funneh I was stalking your page for a while so you could reply. So plz reply so I will be a happy potato. I love you krew
????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????
Funneh play egg farm simulator in ROBLOX
Haiiiii I luv ur vidssssss\nPlz do moreeeeeee like if u agree
I want Yandere High!
Hi Funneh I love you so much and I love your channel so much as well
The Luxury Lifeee of Plebs
Hi, you make my day funneh and always make me laugh!!!??
Sup
FUNNEH has YOONGI'S 3 dollar chain ????????\nGET it?no?\nSORRY I HAD TOO \nI'll like my own comment
funneh can you do a challenge in bloxburg that is no deleting challenge and the rest of the crew too. Love you funneh and krew!??
I dont love the luxury life...im cleaning my room XD
Funneh what happened to roblox family
Hey funneh
Can someone dislike my comment please?
Minecraft or roblox
I'm a Fan!!!
Can you do a roleplay with this map?!
Me ~ FUNNEH WHY ARE YOU SOO FUNNY\nMe ~ ok that is so basic now let’s me think of something else\nputs on another one of Funneh vids ( dance off vid )\nRandom dude ~ who wanna battle\nFunneh ~ lemme talk to him we gotta deal with him.......mE\nfew 5 seconds later \nRandom dude ~ ok yall gonna lose\nThe whole krew ~ OHHHHHHH\nMe ~ MY EARSSSSSSS I CANT BELIVE HE SAID THEY GONNA LOSE YOU GONNA LOSE THAY SO FAMOUSSS
Potato squad where you at
Hello Funneh I think u r the best YouTuber ever
Who has been here for 3 and 1/2 a years I’m wearing you black candyland merch rn!??
Do more Roblox
I'M GETTING DRACO SQUISHIES SO LOOK OUT FOR SOME $_$
Good video guys!  Love you krew! ??????
when I see new funne h merch BUYS ALL OF IT
no why can't I ever be first! wait why do i care i just like watching and dying of laughter
Helluuu funneh and everyone! ??\nWho else loves chips???\nMe...onely ME???\nOK~ ??
Hi I love you so much ????
More krew craft please
FUNNEH please can you call me on instagram
:)
Whats up guys yesterday I was at the hospital becuz I broke my bone it's my birthday tomorrow I hope at last u Guys or one of the krew say \"feel better'
I love the the plush but I hope I can get one for Christmas ??
Can you guys play human flat
Pocky is actually life
Yesss more funneh
Love ur vids!
So FUNNY LOL
AH!!! 5 MIN LATE!! COOL! LOVE YOU FUNNEH!! I-I THINK IM IN...EARLY SQUAD YAY!
early!!!!
Yay I’m part of the early squad now ??
3:54 is this fortnite?
Yay funneh!!
My mom said I will get the new mecuh on Christmas
Love you funneh and the Krew I had a dream last night about you and the whole krew it was pretty short but it was about me finally getting to meet you guys I was crying for some reason but yea :'D lol
Oh my gosh! I haven’t been watching your vids! Sorry Funneh \n??????\nI’ll start watching ur vids again!~ \nLove you potato fam!!!
I WILL PRESS YOUR RED BUTTON
Funneh I need ur help! My channel got deleted and I had to remake everything!I need at least some support
EARLY
I wish I can buy your plushies, but my mom says it's too expensive!!????
LOVE Y'ALL VIDS AND MAY I JOIN THE KREW??
Hi
Please play flee the facility but do a challenge no opening doors
Greattttt videooo! I haven’t finished it but it is great so far!\nWhen you hit 4 million I have to say something really important, anyway love you krew!
here before 5k views
love you funneh and the krew??????
Hello im the 549th comment
Hi
Funneh can u friend me on roblox .my name is grandmajacc0
People who sub to me ill sub to you also love your videos funneh!!
I dare you next video dress soooooo werid
hi funnel love you so much !!!
I’m finally 2 mins early to a video
IM SUBBING TO EVERYONE CHANNEL WHO LIKES AND COMMENT ON THIS POST????
hey
YEEEEEEE??\nTHE PLUSHIES ARE SO CUTE!!!????\nToo bad I can’t get them T^T!??\n\nBut at least I can still watch these amazing videos!!^w^????????
Early Squad yayyy!!! ??????????????????
Big fan!
737th person to comment also love you're channel
I love you so much and you are my favourite YouTubeor and i Watch you videos so much <3
gfdjf\nlove you
Early yaaaaaaaas
...
PLEEEEEBBBBBBBSSSSSSSSSSSS ?????
XD
Right when i saw that the new merch was out I was like MOM I NEED THIS!
Funneh the packages Are too expensive!! I cant buy them ??????????????????????
Win a lot
Omg squishies I’m in \nsees price \nNooooooooooo \nOh well :P
Lunar looks like scrooge mc duck.
Draco this is for you YOU DON\"T NNEED THAT PLACE WHEN YOU GOT WALMART YEEEEEAAAAAH (love you krew)
Love this video
Here before 5 views
This is kat ??\nEvery like and cat gets a sibling !\n????
I didn’t get a notification....
hggfgefcjesgfjdf no stealing
Hi Funneh and The Krew!
Earlyyyy ??????
Hello Hoooomons
Hi funnel play fortnite more then you’ll get better and win a tot
EARLY POTATOOO ??
Funneh is there Livestream Friday?!\nPlease do it I really want to see it. I’m from Denmark so wen it night u go live that why I ask. \nLOVE YA And the best krew
HERE!
Here before 10 views lol jk jk I love you FUNNEH
HI FUNNEH I LOVE U
YES! FOUR MINUTES EARLY!
OMG Love IT
I hear if u said It’sFunneh 5 times she will pin you\nIt’sFunneh\nIt’sFunneh\nIt’sFunneh\nIt’sFunneh\nIt’sFunneh
AHH early bird PLEBS!!!!
This is the earliest time i've ever seen you
Hi
Yassss I love you i subscribed and click the bell button and I love you vids  :)
Hi Funneh! I'm a huge fan and I idolize you and I love your content. I always loved your content and I always will. Ty for being there whenever I feel depressed at home. You always make me laugh and put a big smile on my face. Keep up with the good work.
love you
737th comment!
Can you make the merch a little cheaper??
Play one life
6,085th view
Funneh Funneh Funneh please play singing simulator
hi early
??
The plebby robbers will become little rich plebs!!
Funneh Goes Through Safe/Chest\n\nFunneh: Oh boy... oh boy.. this is a lot of books to read!\nFunneh reads a page of the book\nFunneh: Nope!\nFunneh Acts like she read it and puts the books back\n\nMe: XDDDDD!
First
Yh where is it. I'm getting my daily dose of yandere
Earlllllllllly!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
I love you guys
Do u ever look at a comment and think:     \n\"I wish I said That!\"\nLike if u agree!
You got to get that money
EARLYYYY??
Hi
335th like
OMG IRA BEEN THREE MINUTES AND ALREADY EIGHT HUNDRED SOMETHING LIKES, AND SOO MANY COMMENTERS\nfice dislikes? (five*)\n\nHaters back off lol\n\n\n\nI bet nobody would like this comment, I mean nobody does.
If you find ?? like the Comment  plz \n\n??????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????
I love your videos funneh
#??KREW
When ur early and u don't know what to put in the comments.
any fellow potatoes?
Love you??????
Yay
I love your videos it’s me btfunnehfan
Early
YAY FUNNEH
Like 970
ahghhhhhhhhhhhhh ilove yall
Funneh u and the krew should play dropper ....lol luv u guys????????????????????????????????????????????
yes\nhi funneh potato
Early
HELLOO
Hey Krew! I asked for all the Krew Plushies For Christmas!My Mom Said OMG THEY HAVE THAT? ILL TRY TO GET THEM! I hope I do! I got the Krew Hero's Shirt and Gacha Shirt! My Goal Is to get all the merch!
*Read's title*\nI didn't know that the krew were thief's!!!? ??
I love the krew
Now time to steal from the Krew to have enough money to buy all their merch! MUHAHAJAH \n\n\n\n\n\n\n\nbut then they will get their money back
Hey Funneh I saw the vid u did with gloom lol!thank you
Hello Pateto pleb
Can you please play flee the facility!?!?!?ILY
I love you guys And I bought merch????
NOOOO 2 MINUTES LATE
LUXURY KREW
644th comment (plz notice me )
Hi
5 views\n838 likes\nSOMEONE EXPLAIN THIS
OMG YALL SHOULD NOT STEAL! XDD
Hi funneh (notice me  pls)
I love you funneh
I LOVE U KREW
Hiiii
I LOVE YOU FUNNEL AND THE KREW
When are you doing it funneh
Lol
OML FUNNEH PLZ LIKE THIS
Funneh can yo do a live stearm in roblox please
So cool
I never get ur notofications early :/
Hai funneh :3
Early potato
got here at 5000 veiws
Hey can you to play a gachastoudio or a  game
I bet you one like\n\n\n\n\n\n\nYou will read this comment
YAYYY I LOVE THE KREW ?????????????????????
I'm late :(
YASSS THE LUXURY LIFEEEE~ \nThe krews fancy outfits tho????????
432 like love da crew yass
Early yayayayyayaay
ITS FLOOF! SO CUTE!
Early squad???
Tell meh how you get these mods TELLL MEH!
CLICKED AS FAST AS I COULD!!!
I SOOOOO WANT ONE OF THE PLUSHIES
Yea more of the krew lets drink mountain dew
Hoi
Omg im kinda early
Funneh i love your vids i wish i was your friend on roblox my name is kibi2010
Can u do more bed wars plz! Love u guys??????????
funneh i've been subbed to you for about 3/2 years!. i hope you notice me and i try to get here early.... LOVE THE KREW , and i cant afford the gacha hoodie in real life so i got it in roblox!
Hi
I'm early yess
HOI ??
love yall
Early squad where are you?
Love you guys
Moneyz are potatoes or golden potatoes ??
I love ur vids funneh
Fun
Yay early for once!
Here. :)
YASSSSSSSS!!! ??????
LIVE YOUR VIDS FUNNEH
funneh can you friend me in roblox plss
funneh im your worlds biggest fan
3913 views and 748 likes I'm early I think
PLZ
Hiiii I love your video it's Awesome
Hey IM SO EXITED SHOUT OUTS PLS PLS DO SHOUT OTS CRIES IF DOESN'T
Not first
HI FUNNEH!!
Video pops up on my screen “i click”
3900.\nBtw I'm watching in 9999.
Hi
So close...
If this gets a heart i will go to school\nLooks like i dont have to go to school yas
I made it at 3,000 views! I Goz murch toooooooo!
Early potato
I’m thinking of getting that to lol and I have millionaire mansion
AYEEEEEEEEEEE HEY HOOMANS
1000000000000000000 subs for u hopefully
xD
Hi Funneh omg
HIT THAT SUBSCRIBE BUTTON!
Hoi Funneh! Love ur vids!
Funneh I was watching the murder one that you made and I bought all the krew stufie
Yes I’m early
Im A Fan!
OOF I'M NOT LATE AND  DISLIKE MY COMMENT
Clicking so fast u get a cramp
HI LOVE YOUR VIDS
3,630 views in 2 minutes. ??
Early
Yay another video
Funneh I got sick but I'm watching your videos and I'm laughing so much! Thank you for the laughs! Love you and the crew! <3
????
Squishes!!!!
NO MORE MAPS  DO ONE LIFE AND CRUE CTAFT PLEZZZZZZ
1
Here before 1k likes
MOENY!!
Hello
The aquarium was cool
Once your rich, you steal to become more rich\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\nPERFECT!!!
And that Will make me really happy
I love it!!
This is so funny
Two minutes late ??
Me to
I am from United States ???? so I’m early actually and Ik a lot of people commented before me but I bet they are in another country
Before 2 views YASS FUNNEH MONEY!! BTW YOUR THE BEST
Guys my life goal is to make a sound board of Draco’s sounds
Did you know if you say the youtubers name 5 times you will get pinned?\n\nItsfunneh\nItsfunneh\nItsfunneh \nItsfunneh \nItsfunneh
IM HERE
We love you Funneh
Me too!
OMG IM SOOOO EARLY
I MADE IT BEFORE 20 VIEWS \n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\nps love u krew
HOW IS SOMEONE GONNA DISLIKE IF THE VIDEO JUST CAME OUT LIKE A MINUTE AGOO UGHHHH HATERS
Luxuary Life Me: Grabs all their money, and buys potatoes.
1ST
EARLY
;-; last..... anyways love your vids funneh Friday?
Here’s before 10 views
Is this a glitch 3.043 views and 589 likes like
Hh
Love you funneh you are  the funniest
Meh early?????? :(????????????????
To many books
OMG THIS VIDEO IS SO FUN I CAN WATCH IT FOREVER
Yay! A new video!! ??????????
EARLYYYYY YASSSSS
Here before 10 viewss
Funneh and da krew are da best youtubers evaaaaaaa!!! ????????????????????\nLike if u agree ????
Lol
Comment 315
Hi funneh I love you
LOVE YOU KREW!
Hi i’m your biggest fan
The Krew will be rich plebs! MORE LUXURY MEANS.. MORE POTATOES!
If you love Funneh and your a krew fan you have to like
I LOVE YOU FUNNEH (like if you love funneh)
Hi funneh!!!!!!
First!!
Some mucci
Love younfunneh you are the best
Hi
Love ya funneh
Yassssss
Hi
FUNNEH YOU THE BEST
Early
And I'm using my dad's phone
Early potato
First
Hi itsfunneh
Hey funneh im a early potato ??
Hey funneh im a early potato ??
FIRST off, I've been on your channel from the start. I love you so much and so does my sister. I never wanna stop watching your videos. YOU ARE A FANTASTIC YOUTUBER I LOOOVVVEEEE YOUUUUUUU
Hi
HIII YALL!!
0:00 dis dog is secretly looking\n at bacons ????
I love your videos can I have a shout-out
FLOOF AWWWWW
1st
Hi funneh
Eye
Dang Im here l8
yassss
Omg I just watched one of you vids pls shout out
YAYY IM AN EARLY POTATO!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!^3^
EARLY PLEBBB
IM EARLY THANK U GOD!!!!!!!!??????????????????????
Heloo
Hi humans :)
Wooo like if u love the krew!! ????
Here
Krew when will you go more roblox family
EARLY POATAO
Hi funneh
Loveee the vid!! Keep the good effort up!! ??????????????
Where’s one life or krewcraft
Hello funneh I love you so much your the best Youtuber ever ??
YAS WE BOTH HAVE A PUPPY SO THATS MEAN THEY COULD BE FRIENDS
Stealing from mansion again?
....find the odd one out ??????????????????????????????????????????????????
Y'all dab
Early!
The squishes are so cute !
Squish the funneh before Draco screams \nRiddle
Hello everyone!! Great job on the video, I LUV YOU KAT AND THE KREW!!\nTo anyone who is reading this, remember. Being different isn't a bad thing, it means you're brave enough to be yourself. Always keep your head high, things we lose have a way of coming back to us in the end, if not always expect. Karma will come back to you if you keep being nice to people. Also remember, everyone deserves a second chance no matter how bad of a person they are, everyone has a story behind them.\r\n~Luv Taliyah\r\nKeep your head high and never give up!
Early!!
Early? I guess I’m early
love yall
400th Comment!
I love your videos and the Krew!
I love you guys soooo. Much
YES
Omg I’m finally not late
EARLY!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Me watching: OMG I WANT THAT PLUSH ????
Yeet!im here early!
love u krewwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwww!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
YASSSSS MORE KREW MERCH!!! I HAVTA BUY IT!!!!! \n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n(to bad im broke D:)
Yus
Haha love this! ITS SO FUNNEH! Get it?
Btw love you krew??
Pls pin me??
Funneh hi \nThis is Lilly plezzz plezz friend me on Roblox my username is marinetteissscool
EARLY!! I love you and minecraft AND ROBLOX!!
meh love u fuunhe
Hey FUNNEH play more blox burg
Yass
early
Hi funneh ???? and hi krew :)
YA
FUNNEH
Haiii
Earlyyyyy
Early Ilysm funneh
You guys are literally the best!!!!!!Lots of love from a Hawaiian 7th grader-Oahu ??
I was here when it was 471 likes ??????
Hi
Very Early
Early potato
RainWHOAAAA
HELLO
I was here before 10 views
I’m on time for once! ?? I love you sooooo much Krew! ?? And this series is awesome! <3 :D
No one tell the police that their are stealing ok ?? \n??????
Hoi
Early!!
don’t steal kids
Omg ily
K:krew
Its almost thanksgiving  im thankful for funneh and the krew
A and I love you
Hi
Cool video!!!
I got the Lunar Squishie! \n\nLike I said yesterday!
I am a big fan
hiiiiiiii
Love you funneh! Pls pin me!
It mom
I love this and u
I have been waching u for a year now
Im here hi funneh luv u!!
Hi
I love the crew!
KrewKraft plz Dominga misses u
Hiii
LOVE YOU \n\n This is julia \n?? one like = one hug from the krew
Heyyyy I’m earlyyyy
You guys are total plebs pros.
All hail the krew ??
Early!
HERRO HERRO NOTIFICATION SQUAD UWU
I. Like lunar sh derpy ??
I love u funneh
SO EARLY
more money
The crew has made me happy on my lowest times I just wanna say thank u and I have a question when will yandera high school come back
Love you Krew!could you please give me a shout out!?
Love ?? your videos it’s funneh I’m laughing ?? we’re PIE ?? RATS ??
Yay
THE PLUSHIIIESSS OF DA KREEEEEEEWWWWWW
Hi funneh I lover ur videos u are the best
First
I love u funnehhh
Gimme ur money
“You think your made for your life?”\nBest quote of all time
I’m one minute late ??
hello!
EARLY!!!!
I'm so excited for the holiday pack to come! :D
Heyyy
9th person to comment 60th person to view and watched this right after it was posted and 30th person or 31st person to like....
play bloxburg
Hoi I luv ur videos!
Can I get a shoutout -\\_(. .)_/-
Dad
Royal Early Potato ??
The Luxury Life for me would be watching Funneh vids all day :D
EARLY
Lysm
Ello funneh I Am SO HAPPY I JUST LIKED UR COMMET AND U ONLY AT 33 SO PLEASE LIKE MY COMMET LOVE YOU ALL CREW??????
here before 10 views!
May I please have a shout out
Aww
Omg
Amazing!!!
LOVE IT but what is the potatoes in the luxury?
Heyyy!early like if ur an early potatoe and I’ll  sub to u
Hey!!!
I'M A RICH PLEB
EARLY POTATOES WHERE U AT!? Imma like my own comment because no one else will. :3
Hey boo-not sponsored by Draco
Hi kat
Yasss
Early btw love u krew
Make a wish! In the reply! ;3
wow one minute ago??
1 minute after it posted that's a first anyway ilysm and the krew your all amazing!!!
I love the krew I hope I meet them in real life
What happened to the intro
Hi funneh how you doing!!
Been watching ur channel seen u had  600k+ subs I love ur guys videos
:P
Hi funnel omg
Firstttttttttttttt luv y'all ???
YASS why did I say YASS ._.
Hi I am the richest woman in town steal from me
222 commet
Hoi Patato Fam, luv u guys!
A lot of people are here early
Sup
Please notice me senpai
Who else died looking at the thumbnail
Funneh hi
236th comment
Press it presss ittt
Hiii
I am soooo ready for the LUXURy lifeee
Love you Funneh! <3 Early squad!
Hu
Early
I was gonna buy it with my own money but realized that i would spend all my money on yea that
LUNARRRR U CRAZYYYY
Funneh but 1 million potatoes
Hi
Hi funny
Early btw love u krew
OMG IM SO EARLY YASS TY FUNNEH
200th place hello
Love the video
This is amazing
Yay I’m early
Yay funneh I am finally not late for the first time
Luxury \nMoneyyy
YASS EARLY!
Good viddd ??????
I love you
BEST VID again
202nd
Woah!!!early again!!
I LOVE U SO MUCH FUNNEH
IM HEREEEEEE
IM EARLY FINALLY FUNNEH IF YOU SEE THIS CAN YOU LIKE MY COMMENT
My birthday was yesterday
HIII I LUV IT SO MUCH1
Draco: I know I was made for this luxury life\nMe: we know draco
hi
Pls notice me funneh??????????????
early potato
I’m late totally
Hi give funneh some love
????
Yasss here early then 100 coments
27th I was waiting for somthing to come out at 3:00
Early!
OMGA IM ONE OF THE FIRST !!!!! ALSO I LOVE U FUNNEH AND I HAVE ALL OF UR SLUSHIES!??????????
FIRST!!!
Im early finally
EARLY SQUAD WHERE ARE YOU AT?
I loved it!
Omg love
I'm early
What do you say in your channel most. Pleb potato or d-d-die
Hello!
mmmm ??????
I couldn't find it ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh I was died
Love y’all
hi
HI KREW!
Hey I’m your biggest fan
I love yor vidio
Nice
Hi!??????
Yoooo
i like the mansion
Hi Funneh\nAnd the krew
I SHOULD BE LUCKY CAT!!!
EARRLLYYYY here before 10k!
Lel
60 view yay
Hello Krew!????????
Lol only been a few seconds and so many views and comments already
Never clicked so fast... JRNFICJXNXJXNXJDNDNFHVUMAODN
HI IM EARLY
EARLYY
I love your channel and it’s my Brithday today \nAlso funneh. What happened to yhs
Your so funneh when I have a bad day I just watch you and I laugh
I love your vids
OMG FUNNEH EVERYONE WANTS TO PLAY WITH U
Yoooo
i want one
Haiiii
Early Squad??????
Omg I'm early ????????????????????????
hi luv u
I love u so much
Here come the money
IF U PRESS SUBCRIBE TO FUNNEH SHE MIGHT GIVE OUT A GIVE AWAY
Early yasss!! Ilysm ????????????????????????????????????
( ?^ ?? ?^)
oof
Ur the best youtuber
Lol
Luv u funneh!!!! Best vid ever ilysm ????????????
Yay new vid!!!
Go funneh
Clicked so fast
Hi funneh!
Love you  funneh
Funneh more flee please? It's hard to watch if you do live. Sorry
Hi
If you are early leave a likw
I LOVE U SM FUNNEH AND THE KREW!!
Omg hi subsribed
I am early
I am finally early
Early
I love youuu funneh
I just reached 20 subs Funneh!
First
Wow I’m early
Not late!
EARLY FINALLY!!!!\n\n\n\n\n\n\nIf I can't be first than early will have to do
Hi first
YASSSS
yas iam early
Yay im third
254rd yay!.......IM SAD STILL
Hi
I love you Funneh
Hi love u I’m soo excited for the holiday pack????????
I love u funneh and the krew ??
Roses are red violets are blue I love funneh I hope you do to
funneh is the best
Early Potato
Hi
Yass I'm super early
All hail the *krew*??
Ilysm 63rd
First
Oooh fancy Krew ????????
Give me some money too or feel the wrath of cats scratching you.
Yay I’m early!!
Upi
Ummm idk
HEWO!
YAY! I'm a early potato ?? \nI LOVE YOU AND THE KREW
Hi funneh
You made my day
Omg Funneh I love you soo much!! Like if you agree
I love you guys!!! You make my day ??
Wuv u funneh
I'M LATE GREAT!
PILLOWS!!! IM GONNA ASK MY MUM FOR CHORED TO GET MINEY FOR YOUR MERCH GURLLLLL
Funneh I'm a new sub so can I plz get 10 likes and get pinned
Ya Yeet potatos
Hi funneh
34 like and 8 comment
Hey
Yo yo yo were the fam at
lolololol XD
IM FINALLY EARLY BOIIISSS
Subscribe to Esquire wire
Love ?? you guys
The krew is made for the bouji life
Money
I love funneh like this comment if you agree
Heyyyyy okurrrrrrrrrr!
Hi funneh 2
YAS FUNNEH AND THE KREW
Yaaa yeet
Early
2
First
Hello ily krew
EARLY!!
253rd
FUNNEH!! ^•.•^
Luxury  Funneh And The krew Is the Best!!! :D
19th early
I love your vids so much krew
Heyyy i love you
YASSS IM EARY FINALLY!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Hai
YAY I’m the some people who is first before 100
256 view 33 like ???
Early potato
happy remembrance day!\nmay god bless everyone who has fought for us! thank you.
Early Potato
early
Love Your Videos Funneh
Haiuiiii
First squad
:)
YAY
Hi
Hi
EARLY YAY
Luv ya
Hai funneh I'm ToATalLY made for the luxury life
HI PLS NOTICE ME!!!
2nd like
so cutee the dog!
Early!!
28th comment
I think
Hiiii
Hi!
? ???? ???
NEW MAJESTIC VIDEO
hellooooooooooos
Hi
??
32 like
Yyyyyyyaaaaaaassssss
First love you
Never gonna be first BUT I’m never ganna be last
Hi
Yes
hi
HELLO
ILY FUNNEH
Hi
Hi
Hi
Gucci fam
Early
Omg i erly
Love you
Hi I love ur vids and I love you guys
Hi it’s funneh your the best youtuber :)
YASSSSSSSSSSSSS
8th one
Yass I did 2 like
I love you
No
Hi
YAAYAYAYY IM EARLY!!!!
Ilysm I'm early and legends say if you say itsfunneh likes ketchup chips, she pins ur comment
omg hi funneh
Hi
SECOND ONE HERE
IF U PRESS MY RED BUTTON I WILL PRESS YOURS!!\n\n\n??????
Early potato squad where u at!
OMG IM EARLY YA
Hi me 2
POSTED 20 SECONDS AGO
here before 5 views
First. Love vid
1
I heard the legend that if you say the YouTuber’s name 5 times they will pin your comment. But is it really true? ??\n\nItsFunneh\nItsFunneh\nItsFunneh\nItsFunneh\nItsFunneh\n\n\nNope\n    Nope\nNope\n   Nope\nNope\n    Nope\nNope\n    Nope\nNope\n    Nope\nNope\n    Nope \nNope\n    Nope \nNope\n   Nope\nNope\n    Nope\nNope\n   Nope\nNope\n   Nope\n Nope\n   Nope\nNope\n    Nope\nNope\n Nope \nI guess not ??
First YAY ??
I bought the holiday pack I’m sooooooo happy
EARLY
Hi 2
Early
Hai
Hiiiii
OMG HI ILY I'M EARLY
Hi
Second
Earlyyy was second :)) \nNice outfits Krew ?? \nI love you guys ?????
Hi
*hi
IF U PRESS MY RED BUTTON I WILL PRESS YOURS!!\n\n\n??????
YASS NEW VIDEO!
Yay
Heyyyyyyy
Hi
Hi 1
I died laughing at the acting ????????
God, this was great. The FUGUUUU
This was fucking incredible!!
God I would pay to see them do this again
Ryan went full Overhaul on Gavin at the end
PLEASE DO MOREEEEE
If I'm being honest,,,, that wasn't that interesting. Clue isn't the best game to play in Minecraft
Still don’t understand how to play this game ????
How many times was the Library suggested before Michael realized that he had the book?
wait, the final item that clue has is a gun< so why are't they using a bow and arrow
Ryan the "I don't like to be touched" guy.
I accuse Gavin, in the Lounge, with the Swedish Fish
So i rewatched part 1 and 2 up to the point where michael realized he does have the Library clue and kept notes from each person, and no. Michael did not screw up the game for not knowing he had the library clue. Up until that point when he realized he has the clue he did not have the opportunity to having to show it
I remeber the achievement hunters in Minecraft
Play it again
Wow I actually had it right last episode. I’m typically arse at this game
I mean it was Obvious FISHHHHHHHHH AND Gavins Love For MOONBALLS
Well, they've done a lot of work on their base off-camera. It looks all neat and tidy now, rather than chaos, chaos and more chaos.
Gerki, is that you?
It's pretty much the same thing every turn, but their roleplaying was so entertaining hahaha.
I think there are times Gavin wasn't paying attention when people announced suggestions with clues that HE had so... he... cheated? Accidentally? And won? Kinda?
Ryan accidentally opening the answer chest really ruined this for me. Eliminating an accusation from him left options on the table that could've changed the ending. Thanks Ryan
Best game of Cludo I've ever seen! ??????
Every board game that's turned into a variant in minecraft last about 3x longer than the classic games, but I'm not complaining
Animated?
Still have no clue on how this game works.
omg this was so fun, I'd love to see yall play the real game!
Cluedo*
I still don't know the rules of clue
does Geoff voice a character in red dead 2, a bloke that works in one of the stations sounds exactly like him
the sound gavin made at 10:54 had me in stitches edit: as did the series of events at 12:42 edit again: just gavin in general
Gavin must of used the Teleporter from Spaceballs...
is anybody else still confused on how this game works?
Galacticraft looks weird.
So glad I finally understand how the game works, during the last 2 minutes of the letsplays
37:15 I FUCKING CALLED IT!!!
The role playing makes this game so much more fun to watch
Michael not knowing he had the item was amazing, Ryan disqualifying himself made me laugh, but Gavin's book made him the star.
this is a late comment but i could have sworn i saw someone in the last video have green dye.
Little do they know, it was Ryan with an undercooked fish
I like that no viewers know how to play, and Gavin just uses his normal boring British voice ;)
I still don’t know how to play Clue, but from what I have seen, it does not look like fun...
This is the kinda shit that got me really watchin these guys in the first place! Would love to see more like this!
Ryan: "I died by snacking." LOLOLOLOL There's a reason I've been relaxing on Fridays with this show for disturbingly close to seven years now.
I don’t even know what the fuck is going on but it’s funny ????
GG guys
WHAT HOW
14:35 completely underrated moment
When Michael suggested Geoff, I and hesitated over the murder weapon I'd hoped he was going to say "...with a HERRING!"
The accents are so irritating in this gameplay series and I love it haha
Was really hoping Ryan was the killer
It took me half the video to realize that Michael and Jeremy don't have on the Halloween texture pack, and i'm sad they never realized that either
YES! back to galacticraft whoooo!!!!
Bless this series
I have a question I really really hope gets answered on ahwu, if a fan (maybe meee) made a map for you guys would you guys play it? Like if it was another board game map or if it was a story map designed specifically for you guys.
Geoff your in the Red Dead 2 credits as "Geoff Lazer Ramsey"
why cant they just roll a die on their desk? i feel like they've handicapped themselves with the dispensers
I GUESSED IT but I was way off in part 1
Has anyone noticed how different Michael laughs now?
Twice win and in a row. He is already doing so much better than in achievecity
Buff ass llama
10:48 if you rember the symbols and clues everyone got the clue Gavin got was that black mask thing not the chicken so Gavin messed up
Michael went this entire game without realizing he didn't have the Halloween graphics on
I know itd be repetiti e but id love to see a clue lets roll
I really couldn't ever understand any of it at all. I get that they were trying to figure out who had what items, but how does that make sense with the final items? Were they trying to match the items of the players colour, the room, and the murder weapon? Made absolutely no sense at all
Gavin was so brain dead during this whole video, lol.
if achievement city worked he would have to expand his trophy room of victory
YALL STILL WATCHING MINECRAFT!!?!?! I HAVENT CHECKED IN SINCE 2017...CAN ANYONE FILL ME IN ON THE WINS AND INTERESTING SHIT?!??
I know grand strategy isn't really your shtick, but I wish you guys could give a shot at Stellaris once 2.2 and the Megacorp DLC comes out.
These guys were high when they made this shit LMAO come on hahahahahaha I love this fucking episode. And yes i know they weren't actually high, but fuck. Hilarious
What the hell is a tower of pimps?
I wonder why micoo didn't have the texture pack enabled
It's like Battlefield Jousting Ryan times 6 with added chaos (Lindsey) and stupid (Matt).
hey last year the nightmare just released closed beta
I want an I'm addicted to parmesan cheese t-shirt.
You guys got to play this again and if Gavin already look then didn't jack win really?
I still don't understand
I MADE IT INTO A LETS PLAY
I still don't understand what is going on here
As they close in on the killer, Gavin begins to worry the worst about himself. He takes a moment to take note in his journal. He writes, "I think they are onto me. I think I'm the killer. I don't remember doing a killing, but they ain't call me Gave Slittie for nowt. Ennit. Please give all my minecraftly posessions to someone I care about. Maybe Turney and my cats. Turney don't really like minecraft, though. Maybe just the cat. She likes to swat at the cursor." He looks over his note one last time, and continues to try and clear his name. XD
lmao michael just screaming NAYETH put me in a laughing fit
By far the stupidest game of Clue I have ever seen. But Gav the Slittie was enjoyable.
28:38 Lindsay for savage lmao
Ryan's hunger was full so I don't buy the steak excuse...
ngl that was a bit of a shit ending :(
Hardcore Tabletop Season 2: Clue, but an actual murder has been committed
Knock Knock Yes Uh,, thats not how you answer that-(Unintelligible) Erm, Who's There? XD
Now we finally know who murdered Dirk...
I like that Ryan said library in French ?? that was nice lol
And in the actual cluedo game, I am almost certain you have to get to the basement stairs to accuse. It means you can try slow people down by dragging them into distant rooms with accusations.
26:32
Jack accusing people of murdering with a hoe... which was in his goddamn hand the whole time. Cmon
Still don't get the game
If the weapon was a fish I would’ve been amazed. That would’ve been 2 fish murder videos in 2 days
Ya'll playing minecraft still? Nice
Their reactions to everything was great ??????
I still have no clue how to play ??
They should make Murder in Minecraft
I watched the entirety of both parts (and loosely kept track of who had what) but I still do not understand how anyone figured out who did it and with what (let alone the room). HOW DO YOU FIGURE THAT STUFF OUT IN CLUE? I'm serious. How do you figure it out? I assume that I'm either over- or under-thinking it all.
Getting caught up on it's always sunny. Kinda teared up at the end of the gang escapes episode. Lovin the season so far.
Lol I love how this devolved by half way through the first part. Funny af
J"acc..... Je sugere!
Didn't jeremy say in ahwu that this was supposed to be galactacraft?
Can we please get Minecraft Clue LPs like once a month. New themes, new maps, new locations, ideas, weapons, expand on the idea of Clue Matt Bragg because these couple of Let's Plays we're absolutely phenomenal
How does the killer win
I still don’t understand but this was so enjoyable I didn’t mind.
40:37 "Why didn't someone tell me my ass was so big!"
Still don't know why you guys just don't rename the items
Spoilers Of course gav slittie would slit with fugu
Are we just gonna ignore that some of them aren't using the texture pack
Id love to see them do this game again with pre-scripted characters and face cams, the dramatic characters really made the episode.
Where the fuck is the next Galacticraft episode jesus christ release it already !
I'm still kinda lost how the game works, can someone explain?
Why is Lindsey still there...what happen to "i have work to do". Damn she really needs the attention.
Who else goes and reads the comments in the same voice that they do in the video.
I love how everyone caught on who the killer was but Michael...
Oh my goodness, Ryan eliminating himself was so sad but so funny lol
Episode two of trying to figure out how the game works. 10 minutes in and I still don't know.
Matt built the pool table pockets wrong.
"This is how most games of clue go" Maybe if no one's played the game ever...
Shouldn't Jack have technically won? Gavin opened the chest before Jack accused
I absolutely have ZERO idea on wtf is going on, like what the hell is this.
I was so enthralled by Gavin's open letter.
After two episodes I kinda still don't know how to play this
Kinda sucks that they separated these by a week. Had somewhat of an idea of what weapon was used or who it might be but a week later I’ve lost all recollection of the clues we saw in the first video. And not gonna rewatch an entire 40 minute video to refresh my memory.
I hate that they quit half way through
26:32 "MICHAEL SHOW HIM THE THING" EXCELLENT COMEDIC TIMING LIL J, I DIED
I'm about to look like such a fucking loser but here it goes, if Achievement Hunter had a class trial this is what who would be who. Geoff-Kaito: Claims to be the leader and will try to take charge in order to find the murderer but will often let other solve it for him and claim it was because of his good leadership skills. Jack-Gonta: Carries a lot of good qualities to succeed but is too good natured to really take it into effect when solving the mystery. Ryan-Rantaro: Shady motherfucker, he seems to have the feel of a murderer, mastermind, and victim all in one. Whether or not he's good or bad is up to anyone's guess. Jeremy-Ryoma: Short, somewhat deceiving appearance, but when motivated can be a truly dangerous force. Michael-Shuuichi: Emphatic yet pragmatic, will try to find a balance in order to reach the truth. Somewhat naive and unsure of himself and his abilities to perform well. Gavin-Kokichi: Manipulative Troll, will do everything in his power to ensure he's entertained and not bored. The person nobody likes but has to put up with due to just how crafty of a bastard he can be and to not want to be on his bad side.
we learned the negative effects of teleportation from space balls and yet they still do it
Michael ruins everything.
I still don't understand how this game works.
Ryan your food was full. You couldn't eat the steak even if you wanted to
i was with micheal the whole time lmao it was only till the end i understood how this game works
These videos suck ass.
I finally understand how Clue works now.
77k views in 7 hours? Ouch.
Can we get 1.14 appreciation?
I have no fucking idea why it was Gavin.
I was tracking who had shown what to whom without looking in inventories. I had the Ballroom marked as most probable from last episode because of how often it got called in the early game without a rebuttal. That wasn't definite, but I would have guessed it first.
Wait so what did Michael do
Okay, I just had like Nam flashbacks the way Michael said "Oof" around 5:36 because of you remember old minecraft that's the noise your character would make if he got hurt
of course it's Gavin who wins by default lol
Tis a pity this was filmed before the Hitman 2 livestream, so much fishing
I just realized they could have named all of the items to make this whole thing so much easier.......
Ryan was f word and he tried to eat a steak but he open the chest 32:22
Gotta love gavin
“they ain’t call me Gav Slittie for nowt. Ennit.” Never change, Gavin.
called it in the last video
I need a "SLITTIE GON SLIT" t-shirt
where is galactacraft
So why do Matt and Lindsay have a different texture pack on to everyone else? Is everyone supposed to have it or are they not supposed to have it? Or does it just not matter at all?
How long has it been since Gavin won the tower?
14:35 I was born
Ryan died as he lived: Snacking.
Whenever they play board games in Minecraft like this they should play them in real life first so everyone understands the rules and objectives??
40:35 inset spaceballs reference here
3:30 Gavin suggests Gavin-Noose-Library. Michael says he cannot disprove it. Michael has the book for the library in his hotbar as he says it. Michael is stupid.
So once again Gavin proves he can only win by luck. Good game but disappointing ending. To paraphrase a Michael quote "You gave the win to Gavin you morons." Had Ryan not fuck up and Michel not been an idiot and choose Jeremy Jack would have won because at the end it was down to 3 rooms. Ryan never picked one because of the steak incident and Michael threw his option out by accusing Jeremy when the murderer had already been identify and the weapon that was used. So Ryan and Michael gave Gavin a free win.
Wow Clue game is every bit as boring as I thought it was. Still wonder is what would have happened if Ryan didnt screw up and looked in the chest.
falls out of a spiderweb eugh.. I was born..
I thought I understood this in the first part, now I am 100% certain I have no idea what is going on.
Why haven't you guys played RDR 2 yet? Been wanting you guys to interact with the NPCs voiced by Geoff and Jack.
all cool but where is my moon adveture
14:34 “...I was born”
The AH Animated for this and the first part will definitely have monocles.
Gavin's little diary entry was so cute!
Anyone know what's going on with thier ark let's play and if they are going to play ark:extinction?
Matt should've made the Kitchen symbol uncooked chicken to avoid confusion
Remember when ahwu said it was gonna be galacticraft
By never playing clue I was so confused lol but I loved the overacting and gab writing his will. I hope they make another video in this since micoo and gav know how to play now!! P.S loved Gavin winning
yay gavin won!
Happy Halloween erryone
I guess we all knew who the killer was, it was quite obvious.
Ryan: the steaks are high
Ryan you are just not funny
Whoops, maybe should have used a bookshelf to represent the Library.
Michael back at it again getting drunk and ruining videos
Ryan: Great beasties! What's happened to his head? Jeremy: It's on Backwards! Gavin: Why didn't somebody tell me my ass was so big?
Think I understood the game at the same time as Michael.
Big Oof.
I teleported home last night with Ron and Sid and Meg Ron stole Meggy's heart away and I got Sidney's leg.
Aww! Jack should have known when he made a suggestion that no one had the clue to. I knew what room when no one could show him the room. Aww man! Good game. It was fun to watch. :3
God damn these guys are so fucking dumb
Gavin wins and gets hin in the fucking face, I love it.
Most confused let's plays
I find it hard to believe Ryan was trying to eat when he had full hunger
Honestly these Clue episodes, starting about halfway through the first part when they really started getting into it, have been some of my favorite episodes in a while
Wait so.. if Gavin accidentally opened the chest then Jack should’ve won cuz Gavin would’ve been out ????
"They don't call me Gav Slittie for nowt. Ennit." So British lol
Man, they're really busting on Jack Hughes this episode.
I'm writing this comment to push the spoilers down
23:23 Michel is funny
Honestly 38:00 Till the end of that sequence of events, had me gasping for air from laughter.
100% do again
Also I just realized they don't all have the same textrue pack Did t rreallize that was possible
Gavin never gets to suggest anyone because he keeps getting pulled to other rooms and they won't let him make suggestions in those rooms. That's wrong the rules say he can. You can make suggestions in rooms you're pulled to otherwise people could completely shut you down.
The flaw in the game tho is that that Gavin is getting teleported around and can't make suggestions in the room so of best trying to get to a specific room he fucked isn't he
Great video, I think Matt kinda screwed this up by giving everyone cooked fished, when that's a room
Huh it's funny how I only realize how Cluedo is played right after finishing this part. What really made it entertaining was everyone gasping, yelling and over-dramatizing every suggestion and accusation to the end.
I dunno whats going on in this after 2 parts still but its devolved into silly voices and I like it.
oh man I was really excited about a new galacticraft
Round 2???????????
Their over acting is so good. Made funnier by the fact that last episode at the beginning they weren't doing it and then Jeremy started to do the voice and everyone jumped on the wagon. Can't wait to see if there's an AH Animated about these two Clue episodes.
I have such a clue right now
Fucking Michael made this game take so much longer because he's a retard.
Spent the better part of two episodes wondering whether they would realize that they all aren't using the texture pack. Was disappointed.
“Guys, I think I’m addicted to Parmesan cheese...” okay, ME.
This was a really cool af minecraft game. They should make this a real mode somehow ?? or give it as a preset map creation. This is something gamers could play on party night
Micheal had the book
Ohh it appears to be aaaa torture chamber. Matt- "you can feed the zombies too if you want to" #TooFunny ??
But... Gavin admitted to cheating. He's a cheaty peek, just like Ryan. Jack won.
Isn't this the first victory by default, because that's just great if that's the case
I still have no idea how this game works.
I feel like Gavin is really bored at this game.
14:37 Gavin was born breathing fire! Gavin is a dragon! (0o0)
his trophy room continues to grow
And Number 1 on the list of Top 10 Anime Betrayals is, of course, Ryan’s Stomach!
I have no idea how to play Clue but I'm excited to see how this turns out
Michael coming ro the realization that he's the least competent Achievement Hunter is the sweetest music my ears have ever heard.
Watching this episode made me think of the secret tunnel song from avatar and if you read this you will too SECRET!!!!!TUNNEL!!!! SECRET TUNNEL
Shout out amazing build.
lindsay the camera people aren't allowed to talk or laugh
They must of all died on the moon. seems like no more Galactacraft
2 weeks of no galacticraft?!?! Are you crazy?
I thought this episode I would watch carefully since (I basically just put on part 1 and played AC odyssey) Thought I would keep notes and play along Then I realized it’s really easy when you can see their inventory....
Babyrage Yes, hello youtube? Babyrage this late halloween special minecraft episode Babyrage is interrupting my Galactacraft marathon Babyrage
35 minutes in multiple accusations made and I still have no idea how you're supposed to know who the murderer is.
LOOOOOOOOL cheating ass ryan opening the chest
"For nowt. Ennit." - Who else do you think, 2018 XD
26:32 Best exclamation in Clue
Man just go to the moon already and stop with the fillers..
I wish this one hadn't been split up into two parts. Would have been a long video, but that week long break in between was long enough for me to get bored and figure out who did it. Kind of ruined the ending of this one somewhat.
SPOILER wow another tower of pimps win for gavin!! weird.
Michael is me in every clue game ever
next week aquatic update video?
28:10 Jeremy decided he didn't want to become the second murderer.
Glad to hear good ol ryan from creeper soccer x xD
So, I say we all just, uh, kill Matt, yeah?
Gavin in the ballroom with the undercooked fish and he gets away with it. There, I saved you forty minutes of their horrendous accents.
Clue would make much more sense if it was like... the Murderer called the crime ahead of time, and gave out the clues, in a saw-madhouse kind of fashion, and instead you were searching for the victim. It would explain the whole... being the murderer the whole time, thing.
how many ppl know there is a master clue? i have it and its amazing, its bigger more
Does Ryan like Rick&Morty? I could see him doing the whole"Don't touch me" thing either way
Now we can get back to our regularly scheduled Galacticcraft
Anyone else feel it was blatantly obvious who would be the killer. Not that it takes away the actual game
Please make a red dead redemption 2 let's watch.
In which everyone is an idiot.
Gavin writing his will gave me life.
One of the best minecraft... Great job Matt..
I still have no idea how this game works.
29:56 Ryan the flub guy.
I WANNA GO TO SPACE!!!!!!
I accuse agent 47 in the ballroom with a fish!
14:34 The birth of Gav Slittie
When you don't know how to play so you pretty much copy what Jeremy suggested
32:26 I love that everybody crowds around Ryan in-game as well as yelling at him.
I wish one of them would have made a suggestion using all of the items they themselves held and the watched the madness ensue when none of the other players could disprove there suggestion.
Ryan "Ice Breaker" Haywood
The most undeserved Win ever lol
New shirt idea: a pot of green dye, a fish, and a snowball.
Every game of clue I’ve ever played has finished with the first accusation being correct
The first part was way better
I got that they were bored (as was i tbh) but that is not how you play Clue
This crap again >_>
@LetsPlay how often do you guys film while stoned. Who is the big stoner in LetsPlay?
I have a minecraft let's play idea Make all different colored ballons
I haven't seen that glitch in teleporters since Spaceballs!!
when is ark coming back?
I love that Gavin didn't win because he played the game or because he was smart... he won because everyone else lost
Based on the Hitman 2 stream my accusation would've been Ryan with the undercooked fish in the middle of street.
Why do they feel the need to ruin their videos with their terrible accents?
I still don't understand how to win Ok, it makes sense now, they just only went to like 3 rooms
This weird thing happened. Occasionally, my headphone wire gets pulled on while it's plugged in, and now occasionally audio cuts out. But the weirder part is that videos buffer and sometimes even go into a strange fast-motion mode...
After watching the hitman live stream, it is obviously Ryan with a fish in Columbia
Low-key was hoping Gavin would yell "Why didn't somebody tell me my ass was so big?!" when his head was on backwards
Unpopular opinion, prefer this over galactacraft.
Dammit I forgot my own accusation from the first episode...
Loved this love CLUE. Tho they should have named all the items as the confused everyone. Also outside pen and paper really do help.
They said in AHWU that it was supposed to be a Space Play
Ryan straight up Rick Sanchezed Gavin!
Gavin became Spaceballs’ President Scroob after the teleportation.
Watched a How to Play Clue video to try understand what was going on I still have no Clue....
Ryan stroking out (again) at 29:57 was pretty great
Best thing to do: If you start with a person, room, and weapon, try to use that combo as soon as possible and freak out the other players with your clairvoyance
I love this melodrama acting they’re doing. It seems like they’re really having fun.
ARE YOU READY NOW GAVIN FREE!!!
GALACTACRAFT!!!!!! Why you no here?!?!?!?
Michael: I will make an accusation! Me: Sees how long is left in the video Me: Yeah that's not gonna go well
I have no fucking idea what the fuck was happening or how to play Clue but this was great
It’s so hard to tell if Jack is drunk or is really committed to the bit this video.
Ryan died by eating steak... that’s how I want to go out
Risk in minecraft with mobs as the armies?
it pains me that matt didn't name the items after the things the represented. like the noose is just called "lead" etc
Honestly, this one was one of the more harder let's plays to sit through and not shake your head and groan in annoyance by the lack of competence. - Michael being the dumb shit and not understanding the game properly ruins a lot. - Them constantly mixing up accusations and suggestions got really annoying. - Their failure to listen when the suggestors are listing off the items is also very annoying, as is when they constantly forget the items of the room they're fucking walking into. - Too many accidental wrongdoings because they can't control themselves. i.e. Ryan opening the chest and disqualifying himself because he was hungry. Seriously though I love you guys, but would it kill you to do a Let's Play where you adhere to the rules and not act like a bunch of hyper children or idiots. Feel bad for Matt for all the time he puts into these builds only to have them just disregard everything.
The overdramatic acting is the best part of this.
The fact this place didn't burn down was a miracle in itself
Geoff blatantly cheats or miscounts and for some reason I'm triggered by that. Noticed it in the first one as well.
I have such a big clue right now
Their reactions really turned a boring game into something way much funnier.
This was funny as shit! The ending was so good, I hope they build more boardgames in Minecraft.
The only way for Gavin to win is by default.
3:31 Michael you have the Library book!!!
"Buff ass llama" That is all.
They do not have a CLUE how to play this! XD
Gavin at 40:35... "Why didn't somebody tell me my ass was so big?"
I love how in Ryan’s explanation to how he opened the chest to eat steak, he had a full food bar
Unless Haunter is on YouTube then I cannot watch it. Sorry ?????
Just realized Jeremy doesn’t have the Halloween pack activated. Everything looks vanilla on his footage
I like that they are role playing in this one. It really ups the comedic value.
I've only watched both parts, Because I have nothing better to do with my time away from work.
Gav Slittie.
Galacticcraft next week?
Only realized at the end of the episode that Michael wasn't using the texture pack.
This is a good series! A break from the modded minecraft
I've waited 2 weeks for the next galacticraft. What in the actual f is going on here. This is getting to be ridicules
The last 10 minutes was some of the funniest bit of Minecraft there has been for a while.
Geoff is awesome
29:58 Lauunge
Poor Ryan... Edgar’s fallen brethren finally claim their vengeance...
nice new Galacticraft. Kidding this is better than galacticraft
WHERE IS GALACTACRAFT
I low key want monopoly again but the original XD
Extra Life is Tomorrow so be prepared everyone.
You know, I really wished Gavin said, “And I would’ve gotten away with it too, if it weren’t for you meddling wankers.” But it’s ok
In the End the murderer was Ryan with the Typed commands in the Hallway
NONONO SUGGESTION SUGGESTION ?????? damnit jack
Even when he wins he gets his Diary read... Poor gavin
havent enjoyed a minecraft letsplay in a long time. might have to do with most of the og cast. but i am loving this
I would love to see a let's roll in good ole traditional clue
Sorry guys but im just not really feeling this for minecraft. I like it and its a little funny but its just to slow and repetitive for me.
Ah yes, Clue, also known as Gavin Learns Admin Commands
nooo gavin that was the Eating chicken not the Clue chicken.
Ryan: Guys I think I'm addicted to Parmesan cheese... Me: Isn't everybody?
Gavin writing his will is adorable. The cat shall have the Gay mansion
If you think I'm gonna watch part 1 to see if Michael's opps comes up, you'd be darn tootin right.
As someone who’s never played Clue before, this is fairly confusing and fairly entertaining
Don’t get me wrong, this clue let’s play is good, but I crave galacticraft.
Still not sure how clue works
I dunno why y'all moaning, i prefer this to galactacraft personally. But galactacraft isn't dead because they've taken a break
Not waited so anxiously for a mine craft lets play since a week ago
I can wait another week for Galacticraft for this if this ends up being as funny as it was last week, lol!
This channel is amazing I'm so glad I discovered achievement Hunter in 2011 been a fan ever since
I think they are onto me. I think I'm the killer. I don't remember doing a killing, but they ain't call me Gav Slittie for nowt. Ennit. Please give all my minecraftly possesions to someone I care about. Maybe turney and my cats. Turney don't really like minecraft, though. Maybe just the cat. She likes to swat at the cursor. But hey, maybe I didn't do the killing with the fugu. But also... SLITTIE GON SLIT, sincerely, Gavin the killer.
Wow. Never expected that Matt was the killer. That’s crazy
Man, as much as these guys build and play board games in Minecraft, they should just do videos where they play actual games in real life for content.
RIP galactacraft
#needGalactiCraftEpisode12
I just happened to refresh my subscription feed in case something showed up and wow I got it at just the right time
Ryan is the killer
The killer was Jeremy's Popplio all along
There series is amazing
Wish I could watch Achivement Haunter but I allready used that 30 day free trial... Fuck being poor ;-;
This is all just limbo, after crashing on the moon, the gang died. Only one can come back... only one can win.
Before the video ends I am going to guess Ryan is the killer. Even if I get it wrong he is still guilty of murdering something else.
9/10. Needs more Tim Curry.
Please try something like Crazy Craft once gilactacraft is done
to those who said they werent doing these in a row and said i was wrong go fuck yourself i was right cunts
10th
9th comment 30th like
Yes Clue part 2 Thumbs up!!
love this channel??
Ah
the age of spooks are over now its age of the no nuting festival
Fifth!!! Came from morder of bird livestream Go RWBY!!
This is the weirdest galactacraft ever!
6th!!!! woot
1
Ohhh yeaaaa