What the fuck is with the rainbow led lighting? Its on everything... why? Has everyone lost their minds? Its ugly as fuck. Its garish... to the level of being rediculous.
Looks like Ian from Alvin and the chipmunks and the guy dressed as a chicken from toy story
So how is the build still lasting? Did the wobble ever get corrected?
will the ram series you used here but 2133 be able to go with a ryzen 7 2700x ?
I watched a couple of your earlier first start-up and Windows 10 install videos. At no time did I hear you talk about setting the date and time. I noticed that in two cases the time was set correctly for you, but Windows always defaults to Pacific Time Zone. Who knows where a board fabricated in Malaysia would be set.
Paul, I know you know there is no such thing as high end when talking PC parts. only mass produced Chinese over priced shit. especially with nvidia. the whole price to performance thing is a serious sham. by the time we get to 2020.... well... you get it. no pc case I have seen is worth more than 80 bucks. I've seen a lot of cases. some designs are better and cooler than others, but quality? non existant! utter garbage. brittle plastic, cheap glass, super thin and weak sheet metal with zero integrity. over priced doo doo.
Cooler Master at it again. ** that garbage case.
Eeeakh, what the case? Save yourself from hassle and get Obsidian or DIY Vanguard ??
1:31 the label says Ryzen 7 but it's Ryzen 5
I feel like this is amateur build from a guy that knows his shit... Not impressed at all. You're better than this Paul...
yes but can this play Diablo Immortal? ;)
What is that mat he is using in his top down shots?
Isn’t intel better for gaming?
just buy the fractal design r6...and thank me later
That case....straight basura!
Fucking ads
I watched that fucking video.
I looks like a bad airflow case
Can you provide evidence that the Ripjaw V actually runs at 3200Mhz with the R5 2600x and the MSI B450 Tomahawk or B450 Gaming Pro Carbon AC? I just couldn't find reliable information on the compatibility with Ryzen 2x00... (And the list that MSI gives is too buggy and confusing??)
The 1000 dollar version of this build which cuts on the RGB cooler . etc wouldn't be the same. The RGB adds roughly a 30-40% FPS boost....
1:27 Why is there a ryzen 7 sticker when its a ryzen 5?
Mine is better but.. This one is great
This is the same exact build I just made minus the mobo and case. It's beastly
It’s no nut november, please you’re making it hard for me :(
1st build -- Swing and a miss 2nd build -- Two Strikes First build. 1. your CPU cooler should never cost more than your MOBO. In the first build either spend the money on a better MOBO -- or stick with stock if your truly trying to save money. With that board no amount of cooling will increase performance over the stock cooler. The reason is the OC is VRM limited on that board, not thermal limited from the cooler. 2. 1070ti -- can be had for same price or less, and offers better performance. I am as much a fan of AMD as anyone, but with the 10 series so deeply discounted right now Vega has no place in the market at $400+ 3. 480gb is super low capacity for 2018 for an entire system. But even assuming you absolutely want to get that low, your better off with 860 EVO -- it is $1 more, but significantly better performance. But getting the $145 dollars 1tb 860 evo would be more practical. Or get a 240gb SSD and a 1tb HDD for about $85 combined. $7 dollars more, but with a practical storage capacity while maintaining an SSD boot drive with room for 2 favorite games. 4. The case as everyone said is awful. The h500 case is the absolute best performance budget case on the market, and no one building a budget PC should even consider anything else, you got that right in your second build. Second build. 1. Get the 2600x it comes with a better cooler, and is vastly superior in performance. The money you save buying it and sticking with the stock cooler is already made up by not getting an aftermarket cooler. Too loud for you? You can under clock the processor to the same performance level of the 2600 and it will be whisper silent, even more so than the aftermarket cooler on a 2600. 2. No on the 240gb SSD -- Unless your spending $37 WD 1tb HDD to go with it. 240 is just too low. Even an old PS4 comes with a 500gb capacity, and they don't sell them with less than 1tb these days. 3. once again 1070ti better value until the stock runs out. 4. Never cheap out on the PSU -- and with the 2600x you should be getting the 650GQ from the last build anyway. It is cheap, but not rock bottom level. Buying a bronze rated PSU in 2018 is crazy. ----------- I get you chose the vega 56 because budget monitors don't have gsync. But Freesync 1 on budget monitors is barely better than v-sync and in some situations worse. Free sync 2 is almost as good as g-sync but usually is on newer models that cost more, and is outside the budget of the budget gamer. Even then... 8% GPU performance hit, for free sync... Ill take 8% better performance.
How is that red dragon vega card not a knockoff of MSI ?
wth i can buy a rx 580 or gtx 1060 with that case
hi Pauls hardware, I am using an old dell xps 13 and i really want to stream Fortnite and when playing i get like 30> fps. and i was wondering if i could have any of your old pc builds of the month. Kind regards Ethan/ Dragongmaing101
is the g skill ripjaw v for msi boards only or any brand will do?
I see what happened there 0:41
A paul's hardware a day keeps the depresso away :D
the idea of this design is nice but it need a couple of years to be perfect.
SL600M is overpriced trash... horrible cooling, cheap materials, not great to build in. There are MUCH better options out there.
1:27 why is there a ryzen 7 sticker?
that case would be nice if it was not built like a piece of shit
when you have a gamming laptop now but you still mess around with it like it is a desk top. ie delided and liquid metal and over hauling the cooling solution and yes it needs it it is a 7700k
Can you do a black and white ,warter cooled gamming pc between $1500, I will love that.
The foldable dust filter is indeed convenient. If it is full of dust, you just fold it, so the dust does not fly around your room on the way to your sink.
For 1250 you could of had a build with a 1070ti and a 2700x
that case is complete crap
Hi Paul just curious if all of this equipment would be compatible with the ryzen 7 2600x?
Waiting for that i7 8700k $750-1200 build..
Aorus b450m build pls pls pls pls
Great video I'm getting everything for my pc tomorrow on the 10th!!!!
That case is janky, return it; it’s ugly.
Releasing a build like this in November ?
if you want to save $40-50 by going with the 240L insted of the 240r
Paul Im glad to see you used the brace in the back (AKA IO shield ) and your using a great break for PSU LOL I had to do it !!!
If you're building a whole system this month you would have to be a fool not to wait a couple more weeks...
Can MasterAir G100M and Team Delta R RGB on 2 and 4 ram slot pair together on motherboard B450M mortar or pro4, without any height / room issues?
Hello Paul I hope everything its going well. Are u planning on making a B Friday build. Thank you kindly for your time.
Hey, can you run some benchmarks on this build vs the Intel build!? Thanks!
Paul it seems you forgot building PCs! You need to check how Verge does it.... XD Nice video as always man!
That case is a glorified pile of scrap metal. Good video though!
That case is super ugly
That Case looks like a fucking nightmare
Someone wanna give me $1300? Btw this much money and 2600x?
Ryzen vs intel which one is better for gaming?
Is an x470 motherboard even worth it?
Does anyone one here know to download Microsoft update 1803 without freeze ups? Microsoft has taken over my computer 3 times and they can't download 1803 either. They said I had a hardware issue and need a new computer. Is a new computer all I can do? Microsoft sometimes is a joke.
Think you could show a FULL newbie build? Ex: components you need, how to match to have things that work (ex: ram for ryzen. Can only use so much MHz, needs to be compatible to ryzen. Ryzen works better with higher speed,Intel, not as much, etc), how to update your drives, why, how to install Windows and on which memmory ( sad, m.2 etc) complete top to bottom. Etc I see full builds everywhere but not too to bottom. Thank you
1 month ago I built my PC with vega 56 Red Dragon, r5 1600 and 16gb RAM for 900 euro
I kinda like the layout of that case, it's not something you see, but for $200 they could include another vertical GPU mount, because they added one, but it's very close to the side panel, which totally negates the fans positioned at the bottom, while if you can put your graphics card a couple inch back from that, you'd have a ton of air going through and reaching also the CPU, which is otherwise blocked by the horizontal GPU
The pin connectors are placed in such an unaesthetic place on GPU's. When will they update this? xD
Thank God for AMD pricing and the AM4 platform!! It's a beautiful thing when U don't have to buy a new motherboard to upgrade your CPU....
I don't know why all youtubers add funny fantasy fans and cabinets, those lighting are of no use, i will avoid the fancy stuff and update the Ryzen 5 to 7 for that waste of money.
You should build a pc that looks like a gaming pc but actually isn't a gaming pc.
What is wrong with them people who design and make this case in this video? My case is H500 and is bloody brilliant.
Hello sir can you tell me a good budget mother board for AMD 2400G
Dust filter at bottom is probably folded for easier shipping and packing of replacement parts.
When is black friday again?
I got a better idea... Ask your cousin for their unwanted computer (that is good and not yet old) for free Because thats what i did
Not finished watching yet but wanted to comment....why is there a Ryzen 7 sticker in a Ryzen 5 Processor? can see at about 1:29 in video
Worse channel.
Why do people like putting the radiator on top? It doesnt make sense to me. Heat will rise and the radiator takes the heat. No bueno
Wow the Vega card is still a terrible choice at that price...
one big dislike for the case
Garbage case
You can honestly build something with a 2700x and a 1080ti in it provided you're willing to buy refurbs/used. Which actually makes a ton of sense considering 1080tis at most have seen maybe a years worth of use and are already going used for around $550 thanks to the 2080s rolling out.
This garbage case is 200$? are you kidding me? Go with the R6 <.>
Why did your 2600x come with a ryzen 7 sticker?
Does anyone know how to get the rgb cooler to slowly change color like his is doing at 15:29 ? Mine never does that
"AN" before words that start with a vowel or have a vowel sound, actually.
Am I only here that notice the amd sticker is ryzen 7 not 5?
The GPU looks sweet.
Still, use Blu-ray drives in My HTPC's. So it's an old-school Corsair case for My next build.
Why did he put thermal paste when the AIO has paste? Just curious.
Hi Paul, could you say something about compatibilty when it comes to the B450 Tomahawk and the Ripjaw 3200 RAM? Afaik it's not on MSI's list for the board so i switched to the x-flare myself, but that's 70-80 bucks more. thx, awesome video as always ;-)
the intake filter likely folds so it will clear the wall if its set near the wall maybe?
I like the concept of the layout of the case but boy that build quality :( collermaster really dropped the ball
the slightest movement shakes the pc way too much, looking at that graphic card going up and down yikes.
Remind me not to get that case
Can you do a $500 build next? with used parts
can you do the bios please
I'm really disappointed in that case after watching this video. Also not gonna lie that build is kinda lame. Sorry Paul.
What a waste of money. I would go with dual socket 1366 motherboard and two Xeon 6/12 overclocked to 4.2Ghz and shit load of cheap DDR3 running in triple channel. This build would allow you to get Nvidia 1080 card rather than that pile of crap Radeon. You reviewers are not thinking this at all. At any price point Intel has better offering. And $200 for that pile of crap case is also waste of money. There are better cases for just $50. People do not listen to review like this and the reason not is because videos are like this are nothing more than commercial for the companies they got parts from and not to actually give you any good advice. No hard feelings.
that case looks like trash. some serious quality/materials compromises
Joe-saving your ass again,Paul! ;-)
Ryzen 5 2600X with this cheap ram will work? GeIL EVO POTENZA 16GB (2 x 8GB) 288-Pin DDR4 SDRAM DDR4 2400
RTX is on for that RAM while on the table. My eyes are bugging out! EDIT: When rebuilding my system after 6mo cleaning (Ryzen 1700x, ASRock X370 Taichi, ASUS ROG Strix 1070ti) I was watching that "things you'll need video" and immediately needed 2 fan extensions for cable management. WATCH THE VIDEO PRIOR TO ORDERING AND BUILDING!!! IT WILL SAVE YOUR LIFE!
2018 and CM have this kind of case? wtf!
I like the way the top mesh lets the tea in.
Cab be built for less.
any motherboard besides tomahawk?
I bought a used ryzen 1500x system for 300 dollar.
That case is alot nicer than I thought, but alas, it still lacks space for a 5.25 4K dvd drive. :/
CM H500 still the best case imo.
Is good ryzen with water cooling?
I’m having a problem with all of my games stuttering and dropping a ton of frames. It’s starting to make my games unplayable. I’m running a r3 1200 and a 1060 3gb. Any suggestions?
I wish this case would allow you to rotate the motherboard 90 degrees so that the GPU could hang from the top like some older Silverstone cases. In it's standard configuration, the GPU would block airflow to the CPU making using an air cooler not a great option.
WTF WAS THAT AT 0:42 0:43. THAT RAM IS POSESSED
Not liking this case , to many hickups
What an odd/garbage case. I'm happy with my Corsair 570x. It's also $80 cheaper.
lol what an ugly case on top of it all being bad
bottom fans haven't rgb?
Remember the times when parts was so affordable you could just build with the fastest? Come to think of it I can't remember those times in the last 40 years, lol..
This is my opinion but that PC Case looks like it's designed based on a house Chimney due to the intake from the bottom to outtake at top. Not saying it's a bad case, just underwhelming.
A little upset that he doesn't go with the parts he advertises.
the case is a jokee broski boom
Is amd graphics any better than GeForce for the price and what are the pros and cons?
That is about the worst case layout I have seen!!
Definitely impressed by your review on the case, but the case did not impress me at all. Thanks, much appreciated .
that case sucks... you can not turn off the psu without disassembly
I like this case, it looks sleek, and it innovates, but the price and absence of a relay power switch are just criminal. Vertically mounting the GPU to optimize airflow towards the CPU is a must.
so you have to open the side panel every time to switch the psu on :thinking: or just leave the psu on for eternity otherwise
You mentioned you were going to change settings for the count latency of the ram from 14 to something else...? can I ask why?
Watching PC builds is my zen
Bad case...
I was waiting Intel Platform ??
Hi Paul , I would sell my Soul for a PC
that case looks really nice but it has a look about it thats going to look super "dated" in years to come
Im trying NOT to fail not nut november
if all tempered glass cases will always have an option to get them with solid side panels instead that TG it would be a thing..... not everyone is in RGB TEMPERED GLASS TRAIN, some people are still classy
nice build, the case isn't for me but not too bad. The logo on the video card looks like the poop emoji in red when you're 5' - 6' away. You're welcome ??
Guess how soon before that case sells for $80???? I think it will be right after Christmas. ??????
What an ugly graphics card!
that case is ugly
CoolerMaster at it again...2 drunk R&D designers trying to come up with a unique case and "F's" it up once again
I don t like this case !
It kind of reminds me a of a borg alcove for some reason.
Here in Germany a the Sapphire Pulse RX Vega 56 is available for 349€ It’s cheaper than the cheapest GTX 1070
Why are they still putting USB 2.0 ports on the front of cases? 3.0's are backward compatible, right?
Semi modular*
this is a 15min showcase on why NOT to buy that case , great build, absolutely awful case..
So I just basically watched a 15 min case review.
Why is no one using the x470 platform?
Why i am watching this.. I dont even have a PC ??
you should make a song... Build of tha month
Why is there an airplane on the Tomahawk box? Why not an axe?
Bottom dust filter is hinged because it'll be easier to remove it if you have your computer's back against a wall. By folding it you don't have to move your case that much.
I keep noticing builds that use super powerful equipment. Have you ever considered making a build as efficient as possible? Best power conversion / least heat loss, highest frequency / Watt, etc?
very nice build, the case looks nice even though they made some poor design choices
A shoe box may have been a better option for the case, rather than that thing.
mmm that PSU is at an odd place.
Make a cheapest streaming pc... Please
whats up fucker! love ya man
I'm now highly impressed with my case lol
The build starts at 8:43
This whole build is not... very nice, to be honest. The case is questionable, and so is the graphics card. The whole thing is... meh.
Nice build, shame about the case. That's a poor location for the PSU, why would you need to open a case just to switch it on also the air flow to the PSU looks restricted.
I think that case is uniquely dogshit
1:28 - Props to the included "Ryzen 7" sticker for the Ryzen 5 2600X
I would think a 2700 would be better for future proofing for games, as things will be getting more demanding next year and the extra cores will be better utilized. Im looking at you Battlefield 5
I don't like how the psu does not vent directly out of the case .
Hi Paul love the channel. These build vids are great and loving the no holds barred review of the case along the way. Have you thought about a little bit more info on the features of motherboards that go in these builds. Some newer viewers might not know what a USB3 type C header even looks like pointing a bit of the stuff out. Not Gamers Nexus levels of detail but the cliff notes an enthusiast buyer might want to know?
The last product show you and Kyle went to along with Jay and Steve and a few others showed a quick connect AIO that EVGA was working on but yet I see nothing on their site about it . I wonder what happened to it . I liked the idea of a non-leaking quick connection that can be added to .
2g and 3g network works.
I wonder how the AIO Will perform, considering it sits directly at the air exhaust where all the heat will have accumulated because of the upward cooling solution. It can't take air in because that would mean getting too much positive pressure inside of your case; and when it exhausts air than all the hot air from the graphics card and the rest of the components would just heat up the water inside the radiator. I'm pretty curious.
truly, this case is disgusting.
Paul I LOVE your videos, but can I make a small suggestion to your editor? Please don't up-cut every single space of air in your dialog while you are on camera as it's gets to be jarring. We don't mind a few extra words from you because, well, you're awesome!
3G network works.
I am not getting this channel contents in the youtube RECOMMENDED tab (homepage) , instead on the Up next tab while watching other tech videos or such. wonder why.
I'm a simple guy - I see a Paul's Hardware video, I click on it.
“If you can build in this CM case you can build in any case... with ease” Holy freaking crap the layout in this thing is like a puzzle! Definitely wouldn’t recommend this to first time builders lol.
Seems like glass sides are getting very popular but what is the cases rf shield rating with these glass panels and the cases that are mostly plastic?
NO FAP NOVEMEBER
can you please do a hackintosh build to compete vs mac mini please
1:26 why do you have a ryzen 7 series sticker with ryzen 5 processor??
Actually, actually, actually, little, actually, little, little, actually. Amazing job at the old talking a d using English, Paul. Actually amazing.
Why is there no 90 degree adapter to plug in video cards so the wires are not sticking straight out the side?
Is it good to buy on amazon? Or is there any cheaper stores?
Hey Paul, would you recommend to use the storeMI? :D
It's like 70% of the video is about that case and 30% about the build. Don't like the case anyway.
I need to upgrade my pc
That pcb on the gpu is cool. I’d be interested in seeing thermals on it. I wish manufacturers would extend a small portion of the pcb to the back for the power cables. It looks weird in the middle of the shroud imo. Or maybe a 90 degree connector.
That case seemed like a letdown. Maybe next time you try to do a full tower build go back to a nice corsair 760t black those things are beastly though you might need a couple of extensions for some of the plugs:P
Although the case quality isn't that great, I think the design of it is really interesting. It kind of reminds me of Porsche Design. What would be pretty cool is if you did a Porsche themed PC.
I think silver-stone has it nailed when it comes to cases with the intake at the bottom such as the ft03
Im still waiting for my cool master ml360 aio...is it good?
Do yourself a favor and buy a Fractal Design Meshify C, do not buy this case. It looks awful and appears to also be awful.
That case with a aluminium side panel instead of the glas one would look sick.
please do under $1000 intel pc.
What do u do with all these PCs u build? Do u keep them?sell them? Or give them away to subs
What is Black Friday?
Really want a Vega GPU but I know I will have to step down to an RX 580.
I am glad that Paul says so himself: a $65-85 aircooler and a $80 case (like the Fractal S) would make a lot more sense for this build. Just because there is no value added by that AIO or by such an expensive case (no added performance) so spend that money on your hardware instead.
At last something away from Intel. I don't understand why 9900 is so good it 70% more expensive and only 25% faster
Is the tomahawk b450 really good?. I mean a lot people recommended that
Unique layout, unique design. Paul's professional way of saying "shitty"
That case is horrible and the video card is probably worse than reference.
I personally love cooler master products.I have a cooler master masterbox MB500.It's a straight forward case.This case your using may be akward at first but i personally would love to build one of those just for the learning experience :D
That case sucks! Well i guess its ok if you want to cook your hardware.
Any thoughts about the AMD Horizon event?
I bought that same red dragon vega 56 a few days ago also but for $330 with 3 free games
The case may have been damaged in manufacturers storage, and placed in a new box (after an inspection that didn't catch the reshaped leg) prior to shipping.
damn vega 56 here in my country still cost more than 1070
Well done paul you built a PC :p
I built something similar but with a 1070 and Phanteks P300 case for 850$. No fancy cooler
nice build paul but i have to say that case is a horrible big thing
Yup shit case, $49 MAYBE ,but I wouldn't use it even at that price.
This video kinda making me wanna nut ngl
Does anyone know about how much I would be able to sell this PC for from Alienware it is a aura r7 it is about one year old Intel® Core™ i7 8700 (6-Core, 12MB Cache, up to 4.6GHz with Intel® Turbo Boost Technology) NVIDIA® GeForce® GTX 1080 with 8GB GDDR5X 16GB Dual Channel DDR4 at 2666MHz; up to 64GB 128GB M.2 SATA SSD (Boot) + 2TB 7200RPM SATA HDD Alienware™ 850 Watt Multi-GPU Approved Power Supply with High Performance Liquid Cooling Killer 1535 802.11ac 2x2 WiFi Wireless LAN and Bluetooth 4.1
I'm gonna go with the blower Vega 56. I'd like the Red Dragon, but it's price has gone up since Gamer's Nexus did his video comparing it to a 2070
Hey hey now... you pulled fast one... 2600x is not r7. Why you have r5 sticker?
PowerColor has a limited 1 year warranty i would never buy one...
This case would be way better if were around $79.
PSA time: I was using G.Skill Ripjaws V RAM in my R5 1600X system, and started having serious issues with programs corrupting/not starting/not operating as intended. G.Skill has several variants of the Ripjaws V RAM, some made with SK Hynix chips, some with Samsung chips; mine were SK Hynix, which is DEFINITELY not on the verified RAM list. I haven't tried any sticks with Samsung chips, but Samsung B Die is supposedly better for Ryzen performance.
That case is HUGE, maybe I'm too used to my Meshify C
Did anyone else notice at 1:25 there is a ryzen 7 sticker in the 2600x box
that's a beautiful AIO from coolermaster, Man I actually like the look of that more then the Kraken X62
This computer should definitely be run on the floor.
Thanks for being transparent with us with those affiliate links. Some other channels will not even mention it in their description. I really appreciate that and I'm definately going to buy one of those items!
Hey Paul, the folding bottom dust filter is so you can get it out if the PC case us close to a wall. It's very hard to get it out without moving the whole thing otherwise. By letting it fold in half, you only need half the clearance to remove it.
I can't even afford a $1000 gaming pc sadly
No wonder the case is $200 it has 500 parts in it. There’s good overbuilt and bad overbuilt and I’d say this is in the latter category. The updraft ventilation is neat but I’d like to see it executed better.
cool give me Rx580 please #Paul's #Hardware
Why not use a 1070ti is even a little cheaper than the Vega 56
A cheaper case and better card might have been the way to go??
that case is weird. just buy a R6 and call it a day. its got everything and isnt weird.
Northwards?? Its called "upwards"...… Plus seeing all these builds from utubers in crappy cases is vary disappointing. Not one of them have built in a actually nice case like say the inwin 909....
I’m trying to build a gaming pc between 1000-1500$ CAD and I’m using pcpartpicker but I would like some tips and advice from people who have built pcs and parts that I should get!
I watched "that f'ing video" already!
Lol Paul you used the same motherboard as me lol I got mine this past Tuesday XD
1:29 I'm triggered by the incorrect sticker
Would love to see some of that RGB SSDs you can get on those side mounts
Wait, he said his Lian Li case failed in the front glass panel. Is he talking about the O11 dynamic? I was planning to build on that next week. But not if the glass panels are gonna fall off.
No need to bend the rear stand back into place, just put a similar colored furniture foot-like cloth spacer under it, it's in the back so nobody will notice it anyways
id hate to buy a sick case like that and have it defective.
Try to mount the radiator in the bottom of the case, to se if you get better temperatures on CPU.
Can anyone help me with a question please. I have a SSD with Win 10 on it , can I use that in my new build and I wouldn’t have to purchase a new OS key ?? Would that work. Or do I have to fomate the ssd and purchase a new OS all together ??
such a gamers nexus shill...
Man, Vega 56 seems to have shot back up in price lately, was $329 on Newegg for the Red Devil version from either last weekend or the week before last,
Vega. Not even once.
Frank on honest review as always, you are my go to tech guy. Thanks Paul
Air cooler like a wraith? Edit: terminator case
@5:02 Really? :-/ Human beings have robots roaming on Mars. We can observe a galaxy which is ~13.4 billion years old (about 400 million years after the Universe came into being). Meanwhile, the folks over at Cooler Master haven't quite figured out how to put feet on the bottom of a computer case. Yeah, that case to floor interface, it's really a monumental challenge.
Hey Paul, I really like these builds but you haven't done a single intel build at the lower level in months. I am in the middle of trying to build an intel computer at the 1200$ level, so maybe you could do something along those lines? Thanks for the great videos nonetheless!
This case was reviewed by HardwareCanucks and I found this case to be way too over-priced for what it is. It should be $80. The feet looks wiggly for no reason at all, of which is probably to make them look "cooler." But, for the sake of rigidity/stability to the case!?! For $180, the Silverstone FT05 is a better case in every aspect by like 10 miles. And, that case was made like 4-5 years ago. So, rotating the motherboard might be patented which is why Cooler Master can't do it here and have incorporated a half-ass chimney/stacked airflow design. But, when it came to designing the feet, which are essential for stacked airflow cases (having room below for fans to breath), they went all wiggly on it and did it not because of any patents because it can't be patented. The FT05 case just has a simple design that works. Also, the classic Mac Pro case (cheesegrater one) was unveiled in 2003 and shares similar looking "feet" without the "wiggly aspect. And, those work fine without it looking "wiggly." This is what you get with bottom-of-the-line cases intended to "look" a certain way (making it look a certain way is "free") but asking for a premium for making it look "cool." And, you see this in every aspect of PC components, which has been a trend since mid-2000's (if I am correct) that doesn't seem to have an end in sight.
i watched that fucking video
I'm trying to build a rig for my 20th birthday that is coming up this December and I'm conflicted on which rx580 to buy. Does anyone have any recommendations?
I got the Red Dragon Vega 56 and its a nice card and very impressed so far.
0:42 Watch the ram
Wow that case is stupid. Everything else is great. lol
basically, dont buy this case...
Surely better to spend that cooler money on.... beer. Actually a NVMe drive.
I'd change the Aio and use the saved money for a 2700 (non x) and use the nice stock rgb cooler it has. But all preferences.
Where’s your allen wrench and your swiss army knife which hopefully has a phillips head screwdriver?
wait... the PSU mounts in the front of the case?
Thank God. I video that doesn't have anything at all to do with the election.
9:10 haha wrong orientation :P
Hey Paul, do you have Asus Prime Z270-A and i7-9700K? Because Asus CPU page says that i7-9700K is supported - https://www.asus.com/us/Motherboards/PRIME-Z270-A/HelpDesk_CPU/ . Is it a true or mistake by Asus? Can you test it?
The last two months have been all RTX and i9's, now we can't even get a mid range build in a mid range case.
Honestly that case looks absolutely horrendous and on top of that the internal configuration seems like a nightmare!
I would never ever spend $200 for that case.. Horrible design. Unique maybe but it looks like it's going to be a pain in the ass building in that chassis. Also that gpu.. my god. Ugly.
Paul I’m in Australia ???? and I want to build my little brother a pc for under $1500. His friends all have the best of the best of everything. In your opinion can I build a DECENT gaming pc for that?
https://pcpartpicker.com/user/JG2192/saved/wDByXL Hey Paul could you please give me any advice on this build that I am planning to make I would sure appreciate it. I live in the United States and I have a budget of $1600 also this will be mainly for gaming as of now but in the future I plan on going into game design. I also would like to add that this will be my very first build so any help you could give me will again be most appreciated. Thank you for your help.
Paul.... I Luv ya, but this case gave me a headache. Thanx for taking one major one for the team, because I'm sure none of us will be buying this case.... I hope you drank afterwards..
Wouldn't this be a good example of when to mount a GPU vertically?
Not a fan of the case. I am glad Cooler Master are trying something different but think they cut corners with it and should have made it slightly cheaper though it was a very good attempt. 200 dollars is way too much money for a case. Obviously this is for enthusiasts.
Vega in a 1k$ build ?! LUL. Over here (Eastern EU) the cheapest vega 56 is about 800$, compared to ~300$ for the rx580 (all taxes included... US is kinda funny showing prices that don't include taxes...) The weird part is that a vega 64 is roughly the same price as a vega 56 (830$ vs 790$) - both Sapphire NITRO+ versions
I'm highly disappointed in the case used. Costly and built like crap. Coolermaster laid an egg with the case used. Complex and strange placements make it a POA to use
heads up kids, if you listen closely just beore the 6 minute mark you'll hear the proper use of the word "cringe". it's like a unicorn.
simple question. when i put my hand on the bottom side of my gpu i can feel the air moving downwards. with the case pushing the air up, wouldn't that cause dead or what ever its called? that stops air flow and maybe cooling issues?
What are all of your opinions on Radeon card+freesync monitor vs nvidia card+gsync monitor?
I wonder how much longer it will be until GPUs get so powerful that they'll have to expand the PCIE to enable more data transfer.
If Paul doesn't have one million subs by January 1st, I will rip the wings off of 25 butterflies.
What a dumb case. None of the design decisions make any sense.
12:32 Paulius Heimlich hardware watch your language.
EGG CELL LENT
I need a new pc I would love to have it.
Jeez cooler master used to be so great. Sad.
Why is the psu so weird
Im gonna be building this computer for 850 euros
Have you made a $2000-$2200 AMD Build?
With all the promotion Radeon seem to get these days, i feel like their end is near...And that is unfortunate.
200$ case still has ketchup and mustard front panel connectors
I have been looking at that case online, The bottom cooling kinda interested me. Be looking for Video PT 2
A PC named 'Weebles'? (.."Weebles wobble but they don't fall down.")
That Ram tho....
@Paul: Could you compare the price of similar computers including the monitors? (for example: vega 56/64 card + freesync monitor vs. rtx2070 + g-sync monitor)
For the price of that case I would expect a lot more from it. I've seen much better cases at a cheaper price plus that case is as ugly as sin.
I'm a simple man, I see Paul's new video, I drop everything else I'm doing to watch it.
am i the only one who thinks the case is ugly?
Excellent build. Question, @4:15 ..."change the timings on FlareX"..., why? Isn't CL14 the best for 3200MHz? Enlighten me Sir.
Since air is being drawn from the bottom of the case and exhausted out of the top, how much of that initial intake is immediately being blocked/impeded by that huge obstruction / gpu?
This is the build of a person that doesn't know much about computers.
Such a nice and powerful build for only 1000$!!! Only possible cause of AMD...I guess...
Nice 1 Paul
RX Vega 56 Red Dragon or Gtx 1070 ti / Gtx 1080? Currently they are priced the same in my region.
That case is awesome. But I wonder, when case manufacturers will learn to put a backup switch to the rear of their cases, if the PSU is hidden inside...
very nice I plan to get that card this winter screw the rtx cards! Lol
the case seems like an expensive inconvenience
Are more pc cases doing away with cd trays ?
Don't like that case Paul...there's much better in that price range.
3:20 That power connector placement is horrible.
Thanks for doing build videos like this one. It's nice to see content creators use a more modest budget, and I look forward to watching the performance comparison video.
They don't sell B450 TOMAHAWK in my country (Sweden). What's your opinion on MSI B350M MORTAR?
Buildzoid would disagree with the Mobo choice, according to him the only good B3/450 MB is the B450 Gaming Carbon as everything else only has 4 phases for the cpu. Anyway Ryzen does fine on 4, it is just not remarkable
just dont know about that case it's nice , but i think i would take a pass on it even at half the price, just not crazy about the whole layout and the power supply being up in the front.
While the case seems nice, there are a few things that I don't particularly like but the only one not mentioned by Gamers Nexus was that the power supply should be able to have the fan facing the interior of the case instead of facing the closed off front panel. Power Supplies need to breathe too...
this case looks cheap and ugly as fuck. What idiot would consider it in the first place?
Another failed retarded case...
Good work! keep it up!
I like the build, great video.
Nice video as always Paul. I have to say though that i do not like that coolermaster case, too weird a layout for my taste
Paul! I'm planning a 2950x build and I need help! There's confusion around compatible memory and the enermax tr4 v2 aio coolers. What's the fastest memory available, and in what configuration? Has enermax fixed the problem(s) with the tr4 aios? Is air cooling the 2950x a viable option?
Case looks terrible. And seems building in it is terrible too.
https://uk.pcpartpicker.com/b/CqXPxr could you please give me some tips on this, what could I do to improve it for a similar price range? Used for gaming and possibly streaming in 1080p monitor is 144hz 1ms
IPHONE X GIVEAWAY https://youtu.be/gJh7C-s3Bzo
Paul, I watched that f***ing video. I swear.
great price!... until i remember I'm canadian and its nowhere near that here..lol
X470 or a B450?
You can see through half of that Vega 56...
Build me a wife please!
Cool!!!!
Thanks for the great video, Paul!
If anyone is interetsed in another PC build, i would really appreciate if you could check out my new tech channel and drop a sub. I would really appreciate some support and i hope you enjoy my content (more on the way!) Thanks everyone!
''you can save money by going with an aircooler maybe''??? WHAT, what about using the included cooler ?? ryzen doesnt even oc that good and the included cooler is more then enough.
That gaming PC look nice
Do an itx bould
The RAM looks like it's photoshopped in at the beginning of the video
Well, heres hoping for more budget (<$750ish) in 2019.. 2018 seems to be the year of holy price jumps, Batman. Everything seems SO much more expensive, for the small improvements we’re actually getting :/
This is beyond science
Jesus, that GPU is the size of a skateboard haha
This is awesome
That case box is as big as a house
Luks gud
in b4 someone doesn't fully read the title or watch the video and is like "i cOuLd bUiLd tHiS fOr cHeApEr"
Says unlisted, but came up on notifications ...
2nd
Yeaaa
1st
Any1 coming here from kyles hotline 2.0 video?
Wish i can afford that.
RIP Hotline 1.0, 2015 - 2018
wtf..pink oO..this colours gives my eye cancer.Dislike:D for the gay colours:D haha
2:36 is it even on?
Stop moving your head everywhere so fast it's cringe
R.I.P. hotline
2018 RIP HOTLINE :-;
Do the Barbie PC restoration challenge.
what case i that because i have the same one
RIP Hotline
Are wearing MAGNET Earrings , hahhaa Too Funny
Mine some BitCoins using that thing
f
R.I.P.
hey buddy i am from future and you 5000 usd pc will leaked in 2018
Pfft... no floppy drive.
Rest in pepperoni
RIP hotline
Hello, what pump u use ??
R.I.P Hotline 2015-2018
list the specs plz
Rip sweet prince
RIP Hotline :(
RIP hotline ????????
RIP this shit is broken now
What case is this
BUt cAn iT RUn CriSiS??
Where does he get the money to buy all this stuff???!
hold up, did he just call 1440p 2K?
do you have time to talk about building workstation PC for 3d animation?
Spend 5k on a pc with two 980ti’s....
the only sound i heard during the fan noise test was only my own fans
Fuck is sexy
Watching this in 2017 and by today's standards your PC is slow lol the new Core i9 processors can get you up to 8k gaming now lol crazy stuff imagine in 5 years time how advanced PCs will be again
fast forward to 2017 and a basic mid range gaming pc is better than this ! Gots ta loves the pc gamingz :D
4K Roblox?
This pc is 5x the cost of mine....... my god....
nu esti pasionat de nimic , esti un pusti arogant care crede ca a descoperit roata din/pe banii parintilor ...
Pc case?
whats the name of that computer case?
it is funny how 980ti s on sli got similar fps with one 1080. a few years down the line we will treat the 1080ti like it is a decent gpu lol
Are you using pepto bismol to cool your pc?
Salut . Observ ca esti pasionat de hackintosh. Putem discuta pe tema aceasta ? eventual prin mai sau chiar prin telefon. Merci
You know the drill But do you know the screwdriver?
Lol how now just one 1080ti or even 1080 performs like this
I know i'm, uh, late, but why does Metro have a lower minimum frame rate at 1080p then at 4k?
2:37 That's my case in the background!
the performance is not as good as my 4x 1080 sli
Oh wait...this was made in 2015...before the i7-7770k and Quadro...
What I would change is if you got a i7-7770k and a Quadro with 24 Gigs of VRAM. You only need one montior.
case?
was wonderinf what led strip you used?
how did you make the graphs?
This ni??????a has a $5k pc. I'm dreaming for a $500 budget gaming pc :/
Can someone tell me of this is a good pc im new to pc gaming Motherboard- MSI gaming intel B250 LGA 1151 DDR4 ATX Graphics Card- MSI GTX 1050 gaming X 2G CPU- Intel core I5-7600K LGA 1151 CPU Cooler- Cooler Master Hyper 212 evo RAM- 16Gb (2 X 8Gb) G.Skill Aegis DDR4 PC4-24000 3000MHz Hard drive- Seagate 2Tb BarraCuda SETA Power supply- EVGA 600 B1, 80+ Bronze 600W Case- Corsair carbide Clear 400C compact Mid-tower case
So how does this pc handle Arma 3?
Yes tacos
S E XXXXX Y!!!!
A E S T H E T I C S
Fridged 36 degree Celsius?
what is the`case?
its just to much
I just wonder how he got an idle of 19C that's 65 degrees Fahrenheit! Living in in California that means he must be running the Air Conditioning non stop.
that is not very good I can make a 3000 dollar pc better he put way to much on a gpu that sucks and you could buy one gpu that is better for the same as the both of those
I am the only one who noticed the audiojungle mark on the beginning of the audio? :D Spends 5000 dollar on a pc and dont have 10 dollar for a sound clip... Well done... :D
Can someone please tell me the name of the case he has?
TACOOOOOOOSSS!!!
Hi Kyle, I have almost exact same pc rig (except the CPU, and RAM) and I wanted to ask you are you still using this rig for your daily usage? If yes, have you had any problems with it (USB 3.0 issues, BIOS and etc.) Thanx for answering and good luck!
Can it run Minecraft at above 60 FPS though?
Can it run minecraft at 30fps ?
Can it run minecraft at 30fps ?
what´s his tower?
ahhh Awesome sauce was a thing
Video seen in 2045 Like!
Lol as he let us listen to background noise a train passed my house ??????
This is the machine from my dreams. Literally. I have a shitty budget build with an i3 processor, 4gb of RAM running a GTX 950. I actually just had a dream last night that I came home from school, sat down at my computer. And something seemed different about it. I was running this EXACT build, but all the flashy colors were blue. Along with the glass being tinted blue. I had an 18 button MMO mouse with a flashy mechanical keyboard. And I got a new monitor that does 1440p. I also got a Playstation 4 plugged into the same monitor and simply needed to turn on to play it. Life was good. Until I woke up. Then I looked over to my left... and there it was... shitty i3 950 4gb RAM. Full specs: GPU: MSI GTX 950 2gb MEMORY: 4gb of RAM CPU: Intel(r) Core i3 520 Storage: 1tb hard drive + 100gb SSD FPS: Due to lack of ram and cheap i3 processor, I bottleneck the performance of the 950, badly. So I generally, on games like The Witcher 3 and Battlefield 1, get around 40 FPS on the middle-low settings.
Negative air pressure?
why only 16gb or ram
that expensive cpu bottleneck tho
bending?
You should've picked a better case but other than that pretty good.
i know when dat "hotline" bling
i only get 11 to 16 fps on pay day 2 on 720p not even 1080p and you guys want 100+ fps on 4 k craaazy
oh man that watercooling makes me wet
I guess you can say he has hotline bling.
Thanks for this series, I'm just now getting interested in building a water cooled system and this was a great reference for what to expect.
Best looking case is c21 versa RGB with strix gpu inside and water)
ayy, uploaded on my birthday!
2x Titan Xp are better
Time for a revamp
Yo I'm making a 800$ pc build. It this a good pc for gaming? https://pcpartpicker.com/user/Oasis_Angel/saved/Lr9P6h
I like how in the intro hes wearing a linus tech tips t-shirt lol
Whats the pc case? its not in the part list
Win
whats the case plz reply
Personally i would upgrade to a 7700k but thats just me.
Tacos???
can it play chess at 15 fps?
why not a titan x pascal
But can it run Minesweeper?
Can i have it plz
tacos ;)
I can buy a better computer for cheaper.
yeah msaa is very taxing
its bad that you have a 19ºC idle temperature as moisture will build up on the die
Tacos.
Very nice rig!! Congrats on the build. Very nice indeed
But... why. My $550 pc can run any game very smoothly.
I FUCKING LOVE THAT GAME.
I wish i have that huhuhu in the future ill have that????
whats the case name
cpu botleneck? mmhhmhhh
what case is he using?
I can't hear your PC's sound over how loud mine is...
TACOS
Can someone tell me what Res/Pump he is using?
max temps on package 98°C? O.o 2:00
It's better the fractal r5 or the s for watercooling?
is it ironic that i could not hear his fan noise over the sound of my own computers fan noise.
1440p is not the same thing as 2k
Excellent Video! If you have time could you please check out my vid as well?
But... is it vr ready
i cant tell if its my laptop or the 5000$ pc did i mention the hard drive
Wait can it run candy crush ?
How come I don't see the Zotac GTX 1080 AMP Extreme on any builds? They are currently(as of December 13th 2016) the most powerful(correct me if I'm wrong) GTX 1080 on the market and maybe the most powerful gaming graphics card on the market.
You know that SLI bridge is a bottleneck. I upgraded to better SLI bridge and saw a noticeable improvement. 10-20%
But can it run roblox at 10 FPS????
but can it run minesweeper at 5 fps ?
do you have a degree or certification or anything like that for pc building?
when you did the sounds of your pc all i could hear were the roars from mine...
lol can't hear your computer in the video over mine.
ahhhhhhh why did you use plastic brackets in your cooling?!
Try This Parts https://pcpartpicker.com/list/dLXCFd This is my Build Now Can Run Any AAA Games in Very High to Ultra on 1080p 1440p and 4K No Issues Shipping: $15.61 Total: $5156.18
Tacos? lmao, awesome video man. Thinking of making myself a custom water cooled rig with SLI 1080's, a little insane but should be almost future proof :P Keep at it!
Separate bat poster svznxgy extra alien diamond heavily
6:11 Yeah! Tacos!
you have too much money
my pc is loud lik ae jet engine.
But can it run pong?
at such budget I would have went for Intel i7 6800k or 6850x and titan x
He swearing Linus tech tips short
THESE ARE THE BEST RATED PERFORMANCE GAMING LAPTOPS AND DESKTOPS http://www.originpc.com/?aid=3069
couldnt hear the PC mine was too loud.....
Tacos?
What case is that
was the mic on when the system was underload. My hp pavilion was louder
What case did he use?
jeeeeezzass, I'm jealous :<
That's still nothing.
does anyone know the pomp/res he's using i cant find it in the parts lists. i know he mentioned it in the first one but still cant find the exact one. If anyone could give me a link that would be great.
1:11 I thought there was 32gb of DDR4 ram?
dont you think 16 ps4s will do a little better job?
What chassis is that?
but can it run arma 3? lol
I bet I can run minecraft
bet you got the bequiet fans
la consentida #samsung
i think 1440p is the sweet spot for gaming you get the high frame rate with great visuals the leap from 1080p to 1440p is pretty noticeable but if i look from 1440p to 4k its not nearly as noticeable
7 minutes is a bit much for an ad
whats the thing that is like an sli bridge but is used for wtercooling.PLS HELP
Question why didn't you go for 2 1080's?
what the point of custom water cooling if CPU still gets almost 100c?
Cool pc dude but can it run Crysis
sorry guys stop trying to act just get to the point......
But can it run Stick Rpg at 10 fps?
those temperatures are kind of high... i have, on a corsair cooler (h100i gtx), a 5820k @ 4.3GHz and it idles at 28-32 C, regular gaming load at 40-45 C and full stress test peak of 60 C after many hours. my single 980ti hybrid from evga runs at identical temps in similar situations to the cpu, though the 980ti is at its stock overclock, sometimes cooler than the cpu since it is stock. i have a second 980ti hybrid shipped om its way but i know it will the same temps, after all these all have closed loops. maybe that loop you have is not enough for an overclocked 5960x and two 980ti's. Your system is a little quieter though. but i also have a lot more fans.
probably can't run crysis 1
Can I play minesweep on it ?
Those benchmarks are a fucking lie, even 1080's in 2x sli get an average of arround 60fps in most 4k games and he's not even using that good of cards in his system and is claiming bullshit results.
am I the only one who always thought 4k was 1440p??
They don't call it "4K" because of the pixels. They call it "4K" because that's how much money you shell out to get a PC that can run it.
wait so can this run minecraft?
Does he have trues?
What case is this? Sweet build by the way!
would this pc run arma 3 and gta v on high +60fps cause im moving from console to pc: -intel core i5-6600k 3.5gh -cooler master cpu cooler -16gb ripjaw ram -msi geforce 970 or 1060 (not sure which one) -650w 80+ gold power supply
Im gonna build this machine, so that i can run minsweeper at 2.6 fps
I watched this video just to know which computer case he used and he didn't mentioned it even once.. ??.. Anybody else??
That dude in the start is in loads of tech videos for some reason. Like jayztwocents, that guy was there
Will minecraft work?
hey does anyone know what the name of the case is?
who's got the money for this?!?!? you have to be rich spend all of your savings lol but who really wants spend all of that?
0:19 wtf is that behind ?
Is that a LinusTechTips shirt that that guy had?
Why do people bother with HDD's with such a budget ,just use SSD's?
Awesome
Tacos?
what case is this?
I ate tacos for dinner
But can it run hotline miami...?
i have a 500$ pc that can run pretty much every game at ultra lol dont see the point of a 5k pc
you should of been able to get atleast +400 on the memory :P
why do people use water t water cool use coolant car or motorbike coolant
I dislike water cooling because the water pipes could breaks at any moment
You need better specs... This machine will barely run minecraft at 15fps
The 6950X is $1700!!!
I like dat colour
Awesome looking, and performing, pc!
Dumbass budget Looks for me actually bootz videq"when
Will it play LOL and CGSO & DOD ?
slam 2 gtx 1080s in sli in that build
I couldn't hear the sound test over my loud PC...
But can it play minesweeper?
Literally just picked up a GTX 960 for $140, best deal of my lifeeee
Your PC is colorful like bling I know when that Hotline Bling!
Do company sell pc made like that?
2:00 wow, my NH-D14 air cooler gets better temps... :0
ohh its my pc case :D
lol that guy from the start of the vid had a linus tech tips shirt
Pink liquid!!! I was wondering if you have build this PC for someone else.
is it capable of running minesweeper?
looks like the color scheme is based on the game hotline miami.
already slow, just 9 months later you need 1080s son.
tacosss
GPU: GTX 1070 Overclocked $450 CPU: Skylake i7 Overclocked $290 CPU Cooler: NOCTUA 15 $90 MOBO: ASUS Z170 $120 PSU: EVGA SuperNova 750W $80 RAM: 32GB Corsair DDR4 Vengeance $ 90 CASE: Fractal Define S $70 SSD: Samsung EVO 850 500GB $150 Live next to a Microcenter, Might not look as pretty but for $1,340 I win
aaaaaannndddd now the 1080
Bet this couldnt even run MineCraft...haha sarcasm obviously
i got hard seeing that pc
Tacos.
whos
I'm jealous
One more year until I build my overkill PC.
Sure... Taaacos
i liked the SOUND at idle and load! ITS SO RHYTHMIC
amazing setup !
can i have this pc? thx...
change the gpus with 2x gtx 1080s
I'm planning on doing a magneto-esk color theme on my build for a red mobo and memory was going to do 4 purple fans but was debating on doing 2 red 2 purple one of each as top exhaust and one of each as front intake. can't decide if I want to just go straight pruple and get a red led strip to highlight or mix match the colors and I'm losing my mind haha. I've tried looking for purple and red fan configuration but found nothing, I'm jot sure if the red will drown out the purple or vice versa, what do yall think?? would love some input x]
idiot test watch dogs then see the results I guarantee you will not be happy with the results
Why use liquid cooling?
Dude I think you uploaded this in the wrong website. This belongs on PornHub. Look at the curves,the pink color, that body! Kreygasm
i wish people making these awesome videos about watercooling would tell us how many of each fitting they used. i making almost the exact same system and have no idea what fittings to buy.
All i heard was my amd stock cooling fan spinning at 5000 rpm
u probably didn't see those extra frames on 4k.
you can get a 4k gaming pc for only $1500 now
but can it run minesweeper?
Burritos?
Witcher 3?
But can you run PONG?
What case is that
Kyle Hansen. Your list for epic nano PC on amazon is very well built and i'm thinking of ordering the whole list to make myself one! No sarcasm... obviously
hahaha im just noticing this now, but you don't have back fan :p
Did your wife see the expenses check yet?
Can it run club penguin at 10 fps ?
A high price pc and you run shitty FPS at 4k, not worth it.
That awkward moment when you watch this and your pc only has i5 650 and a gtx 470
My intel hd 3000 is 3000 times better than your build
I didn't know your second name was Hansen Kyle Hansen ??????
I'm curious. Is Fractal Design really good? I just bought the Design S case as my first part for building a PC (starting from scratch). Next up is the motherboard but I'm looking for good a good company that I can trust and stick with that doesn't over price the SH*T out of it's products.
lol get rekt'd by a 1080
Now time to replace the gpu to the 1080
You here about all these PCs and I just make do with my MacBook Pro
I literally have everything this computer had except the 980 gtx (Mine is 970), and the ssd (I have 128 ssd + 2 TB HDD 7200). And o bought mine for $1,000 lol...
;) Look at this guy asking me about tacos ;) I like tacos
Is that the shirt from linus tech tips?
I want it....
does it bling
I can dream
Upgrade to 32 gb ram
Glass tubing???
wuts the case
can it run hotline miami on low settings at 5 fps
what mobo is kyle using?
Ti*
I run 2 gtx 750 to in sli and I get nice frame rates
when kyle showed hotline's acoustics i could hear my computer's fans running while i had the headphones on XD
The question is: will it run minecraft?
Overall nice looking case. But I got to say: Dem 90 degree bends on the tubes are amazing.
what is that amazing case it is sitting in?
I feel he went weak on ram. should have gone for 32 gb
I really like your channel and I was wondering what pcs do you use on a daily basis, and what do you do with the ones that aren't in use? Do you keep them in display like ironman with his suits?
You used to call me on the cellphoneeee
"frigid 36 celcius" you do realize that's like 80 - 90 Fahrenheit right
DOEST IT RUN CLUB PENGUIN?
Did he say 16 gigs of ddr4?
What case is this
what is the brand of the your computer case? (Sorry I' m Turkish)
Ok I'm officially jelly. Lol. Nice build dude. Very sick.
I'm torn on what to do. I desperately need to upgrade my i7-3960x. I see you rocking the i7-5960x, but with broadwell coming out soon I don't know if I should wait for the deca core or go with this. I have seen a lot of good things from the 5960x but would broadwell be worth waiting for?
Enyo Essence on property
rose? bah
good to see my pc can handle 30 fps sometimes when lucky and usually around 20 fps... pfff
And here I am playing skyrim on lowest settings at 20 fps
can this run minesweeper????
replace your 980Tis with 1080s. alot better and no need to replace Ur psu. that is so convenient
My PC: Intel Core i7 4790k MSI GTX 960 4GB Asus Z97-A Motherboard 16GB Crucial DDR3 1866MHz Be Quiet! Dark Rock 3 Cooler 5TB Seagate Barracuda Hard drive Samsung 850 Evo 250GB Ssd Corsair CX600W power supply All packed in a White NZXT Noctis 450
What Reservoir is that?
yesssss tacos!
That is a lot of money for a computer. You could pay about only $1200 and get a computer that can run most games.
UPDATE THIS WITH GTX 1080s ASAP PLEASE. Thank you.
at 2:44 i can't hear something cause my computer sounds so much Dx lol
You own so my Titan x's and I'm sure go have a Titan z or 2... Why use and 980 ti SLI when you have the better gpu's??
Running twin 7950s, manages 4k alright. Latest amd beta drivers have them running together much more smoothly. It used to run ok with the exception of the odd update that didn't agree with xfire. GTAV runs quite well at 4k but naturally with old cards it requires fiddling. Nice to see software support for a card thats close to 4 years old now.
Can someone please tell me the name of the pump and reservoir combo? My son needs it for his upcoming water cooled build, in the Define S.
Gotta love him sitting there in an LTT shirt...
Seriously can't find this pump/res combo. I ended up getting alphacool's all-in-one lighttower and an alphacool pump, but 1, they don't have enough room to stack because you can't mount the res vertically, and 2 I'm pretty sure they left out the plug that blocks the huge hole on the side where you would mount a pump. I'm about ready to ditch the pump/res that I have, but can't find this combo anywhere. HALP PLS!!!
But it look's like a box? why pink? where is cool looking PC Gaming design???
Can it run minesweeper?
I hate how no matter what you get, there is always something to make it look bad. But i guess that is the way it is.
Is it possible I can run half life 1 at 10fps
Why PINK!
What is the name of the pump and reservoir combo?
60 fps gaming is so 2012, 144 hz is the future.
"CPU bottlenecking", what cpu do you have? i7 5960x..............
I have seen some water cooling pc's EXPENSIVE AS FUCK
would 2 960s in sli run games in 4K?
spill a glass of coke on it, "there goes my bank account
What is the case?
TACOS!!!!!!!
if you want swag gameplays check my channel out and subscribe
But will it run Crysis?
Dude you don't need a so expensive PC you can get a PC that runs every game on 60 fps for a 1000 bucks
what is the case?
Mmmmmmm Tacos
can this run minecraft? I might ask for this for christmas if it can
Can someone recommend a simple desk for dual monitors?
I bought all the parts for this build to play Minecraft.. Overkill? I think not!
MUST BE NICE!!!!!!!!!!!!
retro ?
Just wondering can I play Minecraft on high settings? And what monitor is best for playing Minecraft and club penguin? All advice is helpful :)
During the acoustics test, I only heard my loud ass H100i GTX lmao
what's that difference between custom water cooling and the ready made cooling kits like the ones that corsair provides for cooling CPUs and GPUs.
My PC would score ~200 on 3DMark Firestrike on 720p.......
Only two 980 tis in SLI? What a fockin' scrub. But in all seriousness, how the hell is this build so quiet? My room's ceiling fan is noisier 3:
I DON'T UNDERSTAND THIS COMPUTER TALK ;_;
whats Cable?
I'm fairly new to PC gaming and I just bought a desktop with these specs: Processor & Memory: Intel® Core i7-6700 Processor 3.4GHz 16GB DDR4 2133MHz RAM Drives: 1TB 7200RPM SATA3 Hard Drive DVD-RW (Writes to DVD/CD) Operating System: Microsoft® Windows 10 (64-bit) Graphics & Video: 2GB NVIDIA GeForce GTX 950 Graphics Communications: 10/100/1000 Gigabit Ethernet LAN Audio: Integrated High Definition 7.1 Channel Audio Processing Keyboard & Mouse: USB Keyboard USB Mouse Expandability (Total Slots): 2x 5.25" External 1x 3.5" External 3x 3.5" Internal 2X 2.5" Internal 1x PCI-E x16 1x PCI-E x1 2x DIMM 288-pin Ports & Slots: 1x PS/2 Style 4x USB 3.0 4x USB 2.0 1x LAN Port 3x Audio Jacks Additional Information: Power Supply: 600W Dimensions : 19.9” x 8.2” x 18.5” Do you recommend upgrading anything?
Tacos
Wait, isn't bottle necking at this top end PC level due to the poor software utilisation of the hardware? I have heard some games run shit on 4k even if you have 4x titans in SLI. - none of the games he tested if any for that matter are designed with 4k in mind. Probably has something to do with '3d effects' scaling differently relative to the increase in resolution too.
How come his define r5 has a much larger window than the usual window?
Water cooling is a damn waste of money ! Just pick up a Noctua NH-D15
All I heard during the audio sample was my computer fan and cpu whizzing...
Do you sellf this? LOL
My rig: GPU: GTX 970 FTW CPU: Intel Core i5 6600k (Overclocked to 4.5GHz) Motherboard: Asus Z170-A RAM: 8GB Kingston HyperX Fury DDR4 2133MHz Case: NZXT Phantom 240 CPU Cooler: Cooler Master TX3 EVO
what case it that?
what graphiccard do you think is needed to play on a 21/9 1440p monitor? right now i have a 144hz 1080 normal 16/9 monitor, but i really want one the Ultrawide monitors, so do thing i need a 980ti or two of those to play on it? i have a 980, so not a big deal for one 980ti, but two?...
Lol in 2369 we use organic matter to compute data. None of this ancient quantum computing or watercooled nonsense. And I'm here to tell you that we could have done it thousands of years ago too :/ Hell you could do it right now if you wanted to, all you need is a baking tray, horse urine, a dead rat and a box of lemons.
this is why ppl think pc gaming cost to much to get into. why would you need to spend 5000 on a computer. my $600 rig is amazing and is the strongest rig that anyone I know owns.
https://pcpartpicker.com/user/Hodgie1231/saved/f8DG3C I was wondering if this is a good build for playing fallout 4,rainbow six siege,and bo3.
im happy to see that he didn't pick titan x 980 TI FTW!!!!!!!!
Yes to tacos, but even that won't make me cozy up to the Pepto-pink theme of this system. That said, the color is the only thing I don't love about this system. Design, components, everything, it looks really good, everything but the pepto... I also say that 4K is overrated, especially compared to 3440x1440 gaming on 34" curves. I know their prices are ridiculous, but so is the experience of gaming on that sweet mother of a monitor.
78 fps playable ahahahahhahahahahahahahhahahahahah i barely get 40fps in minecraft
what case is that?
If you have enough money to get a £5k PC, you could have got a better case xD
$5000 is 5K not 4K !!!
shes kinda really ugly for $5000
the start is how advertisement should be done!!!!!
Great vid bro plus 1 sub ... seriously nice hotline!great qualiy video!
Damn that hotline make me blink!
Whats the pump res combo model?
tacos? lol
So does this build do email!
I couldnt tell how quiet your PC was, because mine was being really loud... I hate california in the summer.
what case is that
It's fine.
can this play runescape 800x600 60fps max settings?
Now my GT 650M is insecure of itself :(.
WHATS THE POINT WHEN THEY BUILD GAMES ON XBOX/PS . all games still look like shit
Will that run Minecraft? or Terraria?
taco, taco
imyou have the best videos in computer entertainment you would probably tie with austin evans and linus and one question what degree do you have ??
does the define S window panel fit on an R5?
What has been your experience with the motherboard sabertooth so far? It is better than the "ASUS X99-PRO" or "ASUS RAMPAGE V EXTREME"?
Man, I'm addicted to your videos.
It's ok intel celeron 1.5ghz you can run lowest settings in 5ps in my heart
Can anyone recommend a good optical drive? I'm looking for a decent blu-ray player
TACOS
Lol I have a i5 3.50gHz
All i heard was my jet (HDD)
I am planning on getting a gaming rig, can anyone tell me if this will be fine? CPU:i5 6600k; GPU:Gigabyte G1 GTX980Ti; CPU Cooler:Cooler master 212 Evo; Motherboard:Gigabyte GA H110-A;  PSU:Aprevia ATX 700W; RAM:G.Skill 16GB(2x8) 2133 MHz DDR4; Case:Phanteks Enthoo Evolv ITX
`tacos
You have a problem with sequence of tubing. I don't know how is your sequence is? But as I see you feed CPU with a hot water because water that come out from GPU is hot. thats why you have 98 degree at 4.4GHz of CPU. So what you should to do change sequence Reservoir-> Radiator -> GPU --> Radiator --> CPU --> Reservoir I like color that you choose it is very nice and you choose very good hardware finally good job.
I wanna kill myself my graphics card is amd radeon 5450....
Whats the pump/res combo? Thanks :D
But can it run Club Penguin?
someone tell me please the pc case model
Tacos
A LinusTechTips shirt?
Im drooling all aver the place because im in my note 3
The guy at the beginning had a linus t shirt
MSI GTX 970 Gaming, 4GB GDDR5 or Gigabyte GTX 970 Gaming, 4GB GDDR5 wich is better???????
can you make one in $3000
LOL! This PC is way too expensive. I am building a machine using GTX 980 Ti 2-way SLI and really it's only 2720$ for a watercooled version
What are the advantages of playing at 4K?
"Run Minecraft and Roblox on it" - Some 10 year old probably
I overclocked my MSI GTX 980 Gaming 4G to +190 on the Core Clock and +550 on the Memory Clock with the stock MSI cooler. Never goes above 75 Celsius. Is this a good overclock? (fan speed on 55%)
A gép gyönyöru lett, és az eredmények?! Nem semmi. Szép munka!
A gép gyönyöru lett, és az eredmények?! Nem semmi. Szép munka!
i couldn't hear your computer over the sound of my computer
Dude was tryna Netflix and chill lowkey
IT'S SO BEAUTIFULLL
What case is he using ?
It's pink.
GTA V 80 fps with 2 980 ti? My ass!!! 50-70 Average maxed out!
At first I thought it was overkill due to the fact PCs way less could max out games then I looked at the part list and realized why .... The water cooling and the kind of storage he used .
Chuck Norris plays Crysis 4 at 8k 144fps with the integrated graphics of an intel 8080 8-bit CPU. One might ask, "Where is the integrated GPU on that 80s processor?" to which I reply, "Chuck Norris found it."
tacos
Tacos lol
Thats a gay computer.
Ill take jays 3 titans for 1000$ more
As crazy as it seems, I can't help but thinking that building crazy PC's is still a very affordable hobby. For $4000 you can pretty much get the fastest PC around. Yet a decent college degree cost $20000 per SEMESTER. All of a sudden, buying a gaming PC, let alone a console, seems like candy.
I vote tacos
its funny how his videos get more views than subscribers on his channel each time
no avg fps. nice.
Lol. GT640 masterrace you fucking pigeons.
Can it run minesweeper at 4k ultra settings?
is gt730 is good for playing dota2 guys? does it have a high fps?
I like LinusTechTips better XD [just joking]
I heard my fathers desktop over that really loud pc
i have a 4k pc and i have 235fps on gta 5 ultra
It plays hotline bling a max
Can this computer run Minecraft at far rendering distance
LTT  T-shirt
Yes tacos
just want to ask, how do u earn that much money
What's with the LinusTechTips shirt that that guy was wearing in the beginning
My car is not worth $5,000 and I depend on it everyday...fuck i'm poor.
Could you show the price list?
Pascal should get us over 60fps@4k for most games... Volta will make 4k the new 1080p and bring us closer to 8k gaming...
wouldn't Just cause 3 be more demanding ?
lol for the sound test all I could hear was my own computer
A question...where would the money go on a $5000 build that was focused only on 1080p gaming?
what's the case called?
0:49 dat arm jiggle do
MAD TINGGGG
Just curious on what brand those dual monitors are and which 4k monitor you are using if neither of those 2 are 4k. Another great video as always. Really enjoy your channel
what kind of case is that?
PInk??? Ok then......¯\(?)/¯
What about CS:GO?
Hawt.
What Case Is That?
Would I be able to have a setup like this (including the water cooling) in an NZXT H440.
can u give me the aftermath of dota 2 ?
Imma just say this real quick.. I FREAKIN LOVE THIS CHANNEL! (mic drop)
Damn nice
Tacos?????
are you gay?
how do you get that ES chip?
Awesome Video Awesome Build
4K: AMD Radeon something x2 8 GB VDDR5 RAM each, and cooling and skylake cpu. Nothing else.
while watching the sound test using my headphones, my own pc was way louder
TACOOOOOOS
Yeah yeah, but it can run Hotline Miami? LOL
I vote yes for tacos
idk what it is about this guy but he makes me laugh every video he seems like a very chill person. thats all i have to say
I want it.
if anyone is wondering, i think the case is a NZXT S340
dude did u actually pay 5000? or r u just assuming the cost. thats a ridiculous price for the performance boost you're getting. im running an r9 390x on an i7 4790 with 32gb of cas 8 ddr3 1600 a cpl ssd's and a 3tb bare drive and get close to the performance you get. and i probably payed about 650, 700 max to build it. i get probably like a 10 frame difference from your rig. and thats with aa on and ultra settings. just sayin.
Real men don't feel the need to use pink coolant.
The fact that a $5000 PC can't even manage to surmount the FPS dips in GTAV really says something about the quality of the port.
Hello, wat for Fitting do you use for the PETG. you wrote only the Flex tube fittings down i dont think so they working for the PETG aswell.. iam searching this fittings but can not find.
LTT SHIRT!!!
Thumbs up, because tacos.
can I have it please?
5960k bottlenecking ur gpus?!?! holy crap
Intel sucks ass.
ummm... tacos! wait what???
Tattoo ,
can it run dayz though?
To pink uaghhhhh so ugly
No buy intel for gaming buy amd is very best for gaming. Amd is very best processor on time very fast very speed very power full buy now you best cpu just do it !
My dad can get CPUs for free so what is better for gaming 6700k or 5960xeveryone says differently
what's the best gpu for $200
4:12 you misspelled tessellation.
Rofl he has gauges.
you earned my subscription through tacos lmao
Damn beastly PC.
Awesome build but red/black would've given a better look pink seems a bit too bright
What case is that?
but can it run minesweeper
Its so pretty, i wanted a pink n black color scheme to but I had to get an rog board soooooo.....I cry, sick bends
5k pc? And mine was 2k and has better parts than yours ?
tacos
But will it play minesweeper at 240p lowest settings?
are you can smells it my 9400gt is geting toast
.
0:49 jiggle those wings
can anyone tell me the parts that he is used in the watercooled system ? all of them
$5,000..............
i thought i was doing good with my new 970, and my custom built $1300 computer...
The script and actor playing at the beginning ad reminds me one of those cheap porn movies
bling
Im suprised nobody commented to the Taco? Tacos? Yes please!
WHAT CASE IS THAT?
damn if that pc was green themed i would fall in love with it
what case is that?
KYle could you please list the amount of each fitting
I prefer to be ignorant and play everything at 1080p, what you dont know .. you dont miss.
GTA 5 is an amazing PC port
can this run minecraft at 144p 3 fps ?
guys i have one question on the game debate i checked for the cs:go for my specs and it says i can play on ultra at 30 fps wtf and when i had cs:go on med i had 30 fps with dropping of 3 to 4 ans specs are down motherboard:ASUS A58M-K gpu inetagetd:r5 7400k cpu is:AMD A6 X2 7400K black edition wich i have no clue what that means and memroy 4gb wich 2.97 is free now please help me guys
I built a 12000$ gaming pc..... Where I got the money? I got a small loan of a million dollars...
id rather buy a motorcycle with 5000 much more fun than a overpriced computer for browsing porn and facebook
Where does he get his money? Just his job?
the ltt shirt tho
Can anybody tell me the perfect build that can run csgo and tf2 at least 60 fps on mid-high settings?
But if you run two titan Z in SLI, and two 5960x it should easily crush crysis 3 right? RIGHT?
oh crap i just realized i wasnt subscribed. all this time ive been watching your videos because they were just showing up in my recommendation tab. let me go subscribe right quick
What case is that?
The benchmarks were pretty surprising to me. Even with 1 980ti and an i7 4790k with no overclocking, I was getting similar framerates in 1080p in Metro Last Light. But with 2x SSAA...
pascal cards will bring 4k to the forefront.
totally unnecessary to have to spend $5000 .if u have the money go for it.. you can still do perfectly fine with a less expensive pc
Gonna guess it was based off of Hotline Miami??
its a pretty cool pc but 1 quistion of all the colours you could pick why pink?
did anyone else sing hotline bling when he said "hotline"?
That pink is absurd lol, yuck. I don't know how this thing is $5,000 as the pc build in my about section of my profile came out to around $1,400 and runs games very well at 1080p. If you are a 4k snob then yeah that's a major point to make for this build, but I'm not. Was a cool video if not entirely unnecessary and unrealistic. Always neat to see expensive pc builds as someone who loves gaming rigs and pc gaming.
Does anyone know what tower case he has on this build
IMHO, definitely chimichangas!!
why did the console gamer cross the road? to render the building on the other side.
Is there space for a 120mm radiator at the back with this setup?
fps 120over and laptop spoil?
Hey Kyle how is the overclocking on the Sabertooth board? you should post an overclocking guide !!! Oh and what is your opinion on the oc tuner function in the sabertooth board
Is that the Define R4 or R5?
CPU:Intel Core i7 5960k Cooler:Be Quiet!Dark Rock Pro 3 Mobo:Asus X99 Ram:Corsair Dominator Platinum 64gb Storage:Samsung 850 Evo 2TB SAMSUNG 150GB SDD 2x 1TB WD BLUE HDD GPU: 3x MSI GeForce GTX 980TI (Will hopefully upgrade to 2x Titan X's!) Case:Phanteks Enthoo Pro PSU:EVGA 1300 GOLD CERTIFIED OPTICAL DRIVE:LG GH24NSCO DVD/CD WRITER CASE FANS: 3X COOLER MASTER RED LED CASE FANS 2x Corsair Red Case Fan Peripherals 3x Dell 34" 4k Monitors Razer Blackwidow Chroma Razer Naga Razer Kraken 7.1 Pro Genius GX Speakers Blue Yeti Microphone Logitech C920 Bush BBF 89" L Shaped Desk DXracer Chair Windows 10 Pro 64-Bit....total price: $6k tho ill probs get watercooling and titan x's
its... PINK D:
So I might be building a computer here soon. Is Windows 8 compatible with most games people play? (mainly focused on csgo) plus i been shopping around literally all of the computers have windows 8 or 10 so i might just go to the pc shop and have them help me build one
If you like games an like to watch other ppl play please view n follow my Twitch i do a bunch of steam give aways an more to all my viewers add me http://www.twitch.tv/reeeebzz im on an streaming daily an play a bunch of games Thank you!
This is the first time my 690 has felt underpowered.
Powered by Pepto-bismol?
I wanna go and cry in a corner. I don't even have a 500$ Gaming Pc, if you could even say that it would be a gaming one. :( My laptop sucks.
Yes tacos!
A single NVIDIA PASCAL will be enough for 4k AND that day is coming soon AND the 980ti SLI will be forgotten
TACOS!
TACO!
the only thing i could hear in the sound test was my own pc lmao
Yay, Tacos!
ps4 way better
I have got the asus R9 270 2gb, I am gonna buy the msi gtx 970 4gb, Is that good enough for playing games with high settings 40+ fps?
lol I couldn't hear your pc noise over my pc
Welfare intensifies
why is there a huge drop from average to minimum fps on gta v?
where do you get the costom cables from i wanna get some
that is the box model???
tacos
#overkill
if you spent 5k it should be hotline 5k??
Whats the name of the pc case
Ok know what? Everybody here listen we are trying to make pc's better to handle games right? Why don't we just make the games handle the pc's better? Taaaadaaaa
Great pc! One problem though, who the ** has 5,000 dollars!
#HotlineBling
every good PC who can get any game on 4k with 60 avg fps that is ok for me. For me ppl should not spend to much money just to have PC who cost like this one 5k LOL
dang, i cant even my antivirus without it slowing down (i dont even have a good enough video card and or graphics card to run minecraft) (pc model is the dell optiplex 360)
I've been wanting to get 2 monitors and a gaming desktop, but I'm 14 and a girl, so my dad thinks it's so horribly wrong that I love gaming =.= he's into building stuff though, so maybe if I ask him to help me build a desk top.. he would be alittle more ok with it x.x I really want to build one v.v
can it run CS:GO at 60 fps..... :D
Computer Specifications -PROCESSOR AMD Phenom II X6 1055T -MOTHERBOARD ASUS M4A89GTD -MEMORY 4GB (2x2GB) G.SKILL+2GB CORSAIR DDR3 -CASE BLACK COOLER MASTER -POWER SUPPLY COOLER MASTER 500W -GRAPHIC CARD GTX 560TI 1GB GDDR5 -Hard DRIVE WD 500GB SATA -OPTICAL DRIVE DVD-CD/RW -PCI WIFI INTERNET im a pc noob could this run b03 and gta v if so at what setting and fps
seriously, no one comments on the fact that it's pink?!!!!!
Yeah my monitor is the Asus PG278Q. Definitely worth it wow.
My pc on minecraft makes 30fps so bad OMG
what GPU waterblock is that?
does it bling tho?
@FlameHead490 yeah at 720p. And when we say "it can tun at ultra" means it never goes below 60Fps
@khalid alhussein yes. I think the hotlne mght win.
@Backyzoo its because most of those games can only use 4cores. So in that case. A i7 4790K or 6700K would have been better
Holy shit
A 5960X is bottlenecked by 980 Ti SLI??? I'd think a processor of that tier wouldn't even come close to ever being bottle necked...
Can anyone recommend me a 1080p monitor for a budget of £100 - £120 please (with a hdmi port)? <3
Hey can u make me a amazing gaming ps pls and hit me up and we can talk
skunk works vs hotline! anyone want that?
Hotline Bling
And then a Car enter Your house And destroy It,although It saved your life (It really happened to someone)
You should build another PC and name it Bling. Then you can put the two PCs next to each other so it would be Hotline Bling.
6:37 is that a camera lens?
YES! I got the same case
Hey, It looks like you used acrylic tubing but the fittings you linked are for soft tubing. Is that correct?
Paid 700$ for parts, runs games at ultra just fine
Gay color, gay earnings, gay hipster glasses, gay voice, this planet lost a real type of MAN..... But damn bro goooooood PC!!
a pc for drake...hotline bling
heh I just built a pc with 4 980ti's :|
lol and i still have a gtx 645... ;-; help me
I like tacos.
I KNOW WHEN THAT HOTLINE BLING!
5000$ for a PC... damn... i'm jelly....
yeah, but can it run minesweeper?
Your mannerisms are extremely annoying. I couldn't finish the video.
BRO I COULD HEAR MY PC OVER YOUR PC
liquid cooling costs more than air cooling?
it can only mean one thing
What is the case?
taco plz ?
what gtx 980ti on brasil is r$ 5000 on usa is 1250$
1:43
LOL! I love A Christmas Carol!
I wish you would have shown some in game gameplay
why pink?
The pink pipes look whack, but otherwise that's some piece of work!
but can it run minesweeper?
You like the hotline miami too? Sneak a litlte herb in some night and play that game... Itll rape your mind.
That thing is insane!!
LOL i was trying to listen to the idle sounds and all i could hear was my computer
LOL what a peasant, my boy JayzTwoCents has 3 Titan X's and a 5960x even more overclocked.
Next gen should be promising for 1440, with AMD's new memory and Nvida always has something cooking up. Two generations and I think everyone will be on 1440-4k within 5 years.
tacos?
What case is that again?
When Pascal GPUs come out they will shit on the 980ti. Sorry mate you wasted money on these gpus.
PINK! PINK! i like it!
dude why 16gb of ram with a 5960x! 64gb would have been nice!
How does one get sponsored for building rigs like this? I've built myself a similar rig with a CaseLabs SMA8 case, spent around $7,000 which I paid for completely with my own money, no sponsored parts. Sponsored parts would allow me to continue to modify and improve this system (upgrading the GTX980 classifieds to Titan X's would be superb).
you used to call me on my.... oh never mind
Why didn't you benchmark Minecraft?!?
Update: landfill
i feel like it won't be able to handle the newer games at 4k.. like ass creed syndicate and such.
what is that pump?
"Hotline" bling ?
Your idle temp are clearly wrong, it is not possible for your CPU temps to be running cooler than the rooms ambient temperature. So unless your house is sitting at 53 degree F then your temp readings are wrong. Your CPU temps were probably more accurately sitting around 20-24 Celsius (room temp)
ewww pink awful
That's the best looking pc I've EVER seen
Everything is nice... but dat pink doe...
A geek's porn
http://pcpartpicker.com/p/zhjRrH
Hello everyone, I am building a PC for the first time and I need some advice on it, is it good, bad, what can I improve and what do you recommend: http://pcpartpicker.com/p/zhjRrH
yes... tacos
i7 5960x ... cpu bottlenecking... how did i get here?
use nvidia titan x and GTX 980TI
Anyone know where i can get those led's lined along the side panel from?
Galaxy http://ca.pcpartpicker.com/p/XBdqCJ Galaxy V2 http://ca.pcpartpicker.com/p/yxjGpg These are 2 builds I made on pc part picker. They are my first builds and was wondering if their any good or if their complete crap, idk what's good and what's bad so any constructive criticism will be helpful thanks.
In the sound test, the only thing I heard was the sound of my HP Pavilion Slimline :)
Fractal gang?
That is beautiful.
He predicted hotline bling
Add more leds, doesn't have enough bling
4K is quite affordable already... My single R9 290 runs Dirt Rally on high settings at 4K.
@Awesomesauce Network Congrats to this nice project. Maybe I missed it somehow but is this the regular window panel or did you make it yourself? What PSU did you use? Thanks and keep on rockin'
Looks freakkking amazing....
that awkward moment when the only thing i could hear at 2:30 was my own computer sounding like a fighter jet taking off
Im sorta new to the building scene and this is what i have come up with... Case: NZXT H440 HDD: WD Red 2TB GPU: GTX 970 Power Supply: Corsair RM750X RAM: Hyper X Fury White 16GB DDR3 Motherboard: MSI Z97A CPU: Intel i7-4790 Quad Core Cooling: Corsair Hydro Series H105 Liquid CPU Cooler Is This a good rig? Can it handle The Witcher 3 maxed out or Skyrim with graphics mods at 60+ FPS?
Yeah. Tacos.
dude just wait till like spring 2016.. this pc will be obsolete via whatever the next gpu that comes out, it will have more power than this whole pc... hope you were sponsored.
"DYES" = Failure waiting to happen....
Only thing I heard from the fans were mine.
4K is still 2-3 years away from being affordable.
taco for sure.
Tacos.
What case is he using in this video? I looked in the description and clicked on the parts list but the case wasn't listed...
how does one upgrade there custom water pc ?
?????--?? ?  ? --  ? ?¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦? ?¦ U used ¦? ?¦ to call ¦? ?¦ me on ¦? ?¦ my cell ¦? ?¦phone. ¦? ?¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦? ?????---??
What what did you say about me at 1:45?!
I got my 2000 Toyota Corolla in flawless conditions w/ low mileage for $2000 USD, yup...
use fraps, fps drops to 30 in all jkjk
Were do you live that your indoor temps are 15c in august/september?
S E X A Y
Amusing channel
I would by another car...
I just spent $5000 on this PC and tried Minecraft. It was horrendous, about 10 pixels every screen, sometimes even less. Disappointed.
Am I too late for the giveaway?
But the question is...can it run minesweeper?
i know when that "Hotline" bling, that can only mean one thing....
Drake: "I know when that hotline bling" Kyle: "My hotline doesn't bling I makes no bling no noise so shut the fu*k up drake"
Hitman runs faster on 1440p than 1080pHow does that work? :L
If I ran fire strike on my computer it would implode
great pc man
I know when that hotline bling
Definitely tacos
Can this run Mario Bros at low setting?
TACOS!!
http://pcpartpicker.com/p/PxsPZL This is what i bought, i hope it's all compatible
can you play cs go on this computer?
what's that music in the background!!!
Why pink???!!?
What case is used in the build? Anyone know?
5,000 d bulld what pot you back in munny as mean appliances
Awesome sauce got that hotline bling
I love all the ads in the beginning of his videos. He makes them funny
found this channel, subbed, and loving it!
I HAVE AN NVIDIA GT 630!!!
Tacos, definitely tacos.
I have a dent in my heatpipe.
Do you know what's funny about this? The amount it'd cost in the UK. F************************************
I KNOW WHEN THAT HOTLINE BLING!!!!
hotline bling
Cen i pley maincraft on dis?
I couldn't hear it over my laptop.
And i know when that hotline bling That can only mean one thing
The Kool Aid man really threw me off.
For $5,000 this thing should do better than "incredibly pleased with results." For that kind of cash you should be saying something like "Holy Sh!t I can't believe how amazing this is!"
What do you do for work
Can it run minecraft at the lowest settings
wallaper link?
hot line bling
But can it run minesweeper?
When Pascal comes out next year two of those cards in SLI should take care of Crysis 3 as well as Metro 2033 at 4K.
my pc is mfuing' better. YESSSSS
ROG Swift PG27AQ or ROG Swift PG279Q please.
Where is the DVD-ROM DRIVE?
Pink color scheme?? That's just a little odd for a guy.
at this point, i am down for a ps4, wii u and new guitar. $5000 is overkill
makes a 5k pc goes with pink
meh my pc better
good luck maintaing that liquid Rig!
Tacos? :D
Hotline bling...
But does your Hotline bling? That could only mean one thing....
my pc runs crysis 3 at 1,000 fps at 5k.
My 5930k also feels some bottlenecking from the 2x 980Ti's :(. even bottlenecking on the 5960X is just rediculous lol... Custom watercooling for me is more of a hobby and keeping all my components cool and the overall system whisper quiet is just another bonus it provides :D.
Does it bling?
Drake would be so proud
That Hotline is really Blinging
damn that computer the hotline got some bling and that can only mean one thing
and i know when that HOTLINE BLING!
Man I really wanna see a 4k sli titan or 980 ti build with an even higher end processor than the 5960x
Hey... duhh... Hey guys... guys... iz dis uh good bweld? 52.35" x 28.74" x 49.5"Amber colored hair.Green Eyes.5 inch stilettos.6'0"Pixie haircut.Robotic left arm.Prefers intercourse over conversation.Female.
+Awesomesauce Network Help me everyone. Is this a good specs for it's price? NTEL CORE i7 4790 3.6GHZ ASUS MAXIMUS VII RANGER KINGSTON KVR16N118/8 X 2 PALIT GTX960 -SUPERJETSTREAM 2GB SEAGATE 1TB 7200RPM SATA ASUS DVD-/+RW INTERNAL THERMALTAKE VERSA H23 THERMALTAKE 700W POWER SUPPLY A4TECH KR-8572 PS2 BLACK KEYBOARD & MOUSE DTS 500W AVR BLACK 3-220V VIEWSONIC 18.5" VA1921A P57,000 (1218.979 US Dollar)
You used to call me on my
Witch case is it
Taco's!
And i will not be able to play even tf2 on my pc. I have no graphic card/s and i have intel pentium 4 :(((( im 14 years old. I will never ever even get new graphic card Ps: my father is computer tech guy
Tacos.
What Pump and Res Combo is that?
When listening for the Fans, i heard my brother Fap in his room. across the floor. through 2 doors. he either has a big problem or this pc doesnt even have any fans.
I don't think, people would spend so much on a pc. Most of them wouldn't!
You should go triple 980ti's
Taco.
as the price of 4k monitors drop over the next 2 years 4k gaming will become much more popular
hey guys, is the corsair rm750i enough for a 2 way sli 980 ti ?
hotline bling
my poor 660 gtx - still doing well though :D wonder if an upgrade is really needed??
When he says grab so popcorn and you actually have popcorn :3
I imagine this rig would load my Heroes of might and magic 3 WOG XXL random map real fast!
The noise I heard during sound test was my 960 (STRIX) If you wanted to know
get you buy me a new 650w c corsair psu. couse i have no money and need one realy bad :D it was worth a shot right/ :D
tacos!!
Why is it pink?
I know when that Hotline bling!!!!!!
I thought that was jayztwocents who broke into your house at the beginning of the video
4 Titan X's and spend the rest of the $1,000 on cpu
Damn. Hotline Bling.
My PC is waaaayyyy slower than it was when I first got it 6 years ago (playing the same games and doing all the same things) what's caused it to slow up? How can I gain some speed back?
can you please send me 1 of those computer <3 its my dream computer instead of titans make it 980ti <3
awesomesauce honestly thats my favorite PC on earth not only the specs that's perfect for me its the black/pink/grey color combination it's my favorite colors mostly black and pink :D
Lolz.. Fractal Josh wearing a WAN show shirt in the Fractal commercial at the beginning...
You used to call me in my "hotline" bling...
i have some money to spend and i am doing the same thing , i mean everything the same apart from the colorous, i am only afraid of fucking up the bend with the tubs
hotline? as in Hotline Miami?
+johann
does this have any mechanical drives?
should get 4 256gb SSD's and run them in raid, your SSD speed may be the bottle neck too
i bet my life i can get the same performace for 1k less or even more you just dumb asf
the ender dragon is a pc gamer.
Can this run minecraft at perhaps 25fps?
1440p 144hz is the best gaming.. Sure, there's 4k 60hz gaming, but it gets a little choppy and I'd prefer a higher refresh rate..  I'm sure once 4k screens hit 120-144hz and the gtx 1280 ti comes along, 4k will be there(at a very flashy price point)
OMG awesomesauce i love that pc black and pink is the stufff dood.
what about 720p?
Why did you choose Haswell-E over a Skylake??
Case?
Such a badass PC. Really digging the colors a lot. Wish I would've seen this before I started my build. I went with the typical red/black color scheme with a hint of gold lol
+Awesomesauce Network Can you give a count on the fittings you used? Some of them are actually quite hard to decipher based on your video work.
all I can afford in this video are those nachos :'D
Turnips
Hey is this a good build?? Would it get to hot? Do I need a cooler? And any other advice would be awesome, it's my first build so i don't know to much. http://pcpartpicker.com/p/QG6tGX
SELLOUT
I can't wait for 4k movies.
is that case the fractal define S?
everything I have ever owned doesn't even account for fraction of the price of that...that thing
How much out of the $5K is allocated for the custom watercooling? b/c the 2x980TI is about $1k each here in Canada. Do you think it would perform similar with an AIO ?
Checkout and subscribe to my channel. Thanks
Checkout and subscribe to my channel. Thanks.
My mate mixed universal indicator, indigo carmine and something else (I'm not too sure) and his water cooling is rainbow. Actually
That thing is pure sex.
Can it run csgo? xDDDDD
why do we people keep looking at stuff that we will never afford?
dude i just heared my own pc when you were showing the noise levels
2017 will be the year of the 4k. It's just gonna take another 2 years for people to upgrade their setups for 4k.
i didnt saw how many gtx 980ti were there? 2 or 3 ?
I own this Fractal Design case. One of the most elegant and beautiful (and though-out) towers out there.
How you get those power cables to be so clean inside case?! Do you use some holds?
i think i just came xD
still too much $ for the dawm 4k. I will stick with my 2k config. for the moment which is more than fine, and upgrade to full 4k in a year or so...
Which led strips did you get?
Hotline blinggggg
People buy a car for 5000$ :O
how much fps do you get in CSGO? hahaha
Tacos? Tacos.
This PC can run Ark and Battlefield 4? Motherboard – MSI Socket AM3+/AMD 760G/DDR3  Graphic Card – Club 3D R9 270  Processor – AMD FX-6300 6-Core Processor Black Edition  RAM – Crucial 8GB Single DDR3  Hard Disk – Seagate 1TB Desktop HDD SATA 6Gb/s 64MB Cache  CD Drive – Samsung SATA 1.5 Gb-s Optical Drive  Power Supply –EVGA 500W
okay i need to get this straight... 1440p,60hz and 4ms or 144hz and 1ms at 1080p
I love my 750ti it's been giving solid fps at great settings for over a year now!;)
How are you able to overclock your memory with the new drivers? I have 2 GTX 980s in SLI, but for some reason, neither MSI Afterburner nor EVGA PrecisionX can overclock the memory. I click apply, and the number reverts to zero. This happens on both 355.82 and 355.98.
hey guys can someone tell me whether or not this is a good build Corsair Carbide Series SPEC-01 Mid Tower Gaming Case CC-9011050-WW by Corsair Corsair Builder Series CX 430 Watt ATX/EPS 80 PLUS certified Power Suppy Crucial Ballistix Sport 8GB Single DDR3-1600 (PC3-12800) Very Low Profile 240-Pin UDIMM Memory Module BLS8G3D1609ES2LX0 MSI A78M-E35 FM2+ / FM2 AMD A78 (Bolton D3) HDMI SATA 6Gb/s USB 3.0 Micro ATX AMD Motherboard AMD Athlon Multi Core Processor AD760KWOHLBOX, 760K Richland 3.8GHz Socket FM2 100W Sapphire Radeon R7 260X 2 GB GDDR5 HDMI/DVI-I/DP OC Version PCI-Express Graphics Card 11222-22-20G WD Black 1TB Performance Desktop Hard Drive: 3.5-inch, SATA 6 Gb/s, 7200 RPM, 64MB Cache WD1003FZEX by Western Digital (but how good in anyone who responds opinion)
what is the case name?
That PC used to call me on my cell phone
Why do I watch videos of things i could never have....
+ Awesomesauce Network how are your fans configured? From my angle view I can only see 3 fans on top of the case all exhausting airflow, wouldn't that create a negative air pressure and be detrimental for your built causing dust to be taken in from everywhere you don't want compensating the negative air pressure?
The backplate u used for 980 Ti is from Titan X?
what leds did you use?
s this build good? If not please tell me what to change Intel Core i5-4460 with Cooler - MSI B85M-P33-V3 Motherboard - 8GB 1600Mhz hyperX Fury DDR3 (1x8GB) - Geforce GTX960 GPU 2GB GDDR5 - Seagate 1TB 7200RPM - Enermax Fulmo. Q - 2x 120mm - with 500W Enermax NAXN Power Supply Show less
why no hotline miami benchmark?
Most all of these best video games could get better to incredible benchmarks if they optimized them better, but they're in kahoots with the video card makers, they get a kickback, this is just like viruses with the anti-virus companies! Did you know they sell your information? Here's just one, http://www.engadget.com/2015/09/19/avg-privacy-policy-update/ These anti-virus companies not only sell your information, they create a ton of viruses, consider it job security! Microsoft should be able to fix its own software and it can, but this would put third party software vendors out of business so Microsoft allows them to do it for the kickback and this is only a couple things, it's truly never ending
of course it's worth it. Who needs cooling, it looks sexy af
But can it run Minecraft..?
cool. I'm working on my first water cooled PC as well. It's called the imperius
Which Reservoir is that ?
19ºC? Were you on the freezer?
I wish I could start building and repairing computers as a job right away, but the only problem I have with it is still needing to go to school. I love working with computers and always manage to miraculously solve a problem if I put my mind to it strongly enough (which I do), but even in this small little town few people ever actually try to repair their computers let alone their cars that they drive around. With a car, after regular maintenance they only fix it if it breaks, or toss it and look for another if it's been too banged up by then. With a computer, though, they don't even try to actually fix it often times. They just keep using it until it quits, and then they take it directly to Sarcan and buy a new one. I saved one of these Sarcan machines that was being tossed, and I am typing on it right now...this Dell Latitude D530 looked brand new and even had a CD/DVD burner and everything. I asked them if they were going to toss it and they said yes. I asked to look at it and he let me...the computer was just lacking a hard drive. I paid him $20 for it, and now so many years down the road it's rocking an 80 GB SSD and EASILY keeping with $300, sometimes $400 laptops. The total cost of this machine was $120 including the used SSD I replaced the hard drive with.
I wish I could start building and repairing computers as a job right away, but the only problem I have with it is still needing to go to school. I love working with computers and always manage to miraculously solve a problem if I put my mind to it strongly enough (which I do), but even in this small little town few people ever actually try to repair their computers let alone their cars that they drive around. With a car, after regular maintenance they only fix it if it breaks, or toss it and look for another if it's been too banged up by then. With a computer, though, they don't even try to actually fix it often times. They just keep using it until it quits, and then they take it directly to Sarcan and buy a new one. I saved one of these Sarcan machines that was being tossed, and I am typing on it right now...this Dell Latitude D530 looked brand new and even had a CD/DVD burner and everything. I asked them if they were going to toss it and they said yes. I asked to look at it and he let me...the computer was just lacking a hard drive. I paid him $20 for it, and now so many years down the road it's rocking an 80 GB SSD and EASILY keeping with $300, sometimes $400 laptops. The total cost of this machine was $120 including the used SSD I replaced the hard drive with.
Does anyone know what kind of case Kyle used? The window panel looks sick.
Do you sell pc ?
ITS SO PRETTY!
What pc case is that
For people that are saying custom water cooled PC's are not worth it, let me point a few things out to you. Yes it is very expensive BUT! I don't hear a leaf blower next to me when I game (Sometimes 2 leaf blowers in Sync) Very Pleasing to the eye Water pumps which Can be turned all the way down and be silent PWN. (Unable to get this on AIO's) The ability to set your fan curves on practically the lowest RPM possible, even Idling fans of you have enough Radiator for passive cooling Highly Over-clockable CPU and GPU and still remain stable A feeling that you have accomplished something which not many people can do (master race) The ability to add more components to your loop if Radiator space suffices. I was running air for years till I discovered water cooling in 2006. I will never go back.
I love every computer tech channel makes there own pcs!
that's overpriced
!TACCOS
Why not benchmark witcher 3?....
But can it run minecraft at 240p???
am i the only one that noticed the cpu is an engineering sample? why use an ES cpu?
I self would use a i5 4690k and a gtx 970 just to play GTA V and Battlefield 4 at 1080p or 1440p at ultra settings... but still a nice video
waste of money. spend 1500$ and save the rest.
Awesome build i like the pink too
+1 if you noticed the linus tech tips shirt
c?u hình oc và gaming th?
Shoulda called it the Pepto Bismol machine
what is the case?
If build mostly for gaming (no video rendering) that coice of CPU is retarded. No Game can make use of so many cores, The 6700k would have been much cheaper and probably would have bottlenecked you less due to its much higher speed. (and still have 8 threads for the average Prosumer production)
this is so awesomme
I still don't see the bennefit from custom water loops, A closed loop h100 or whatever for about 400 dollars less and maybe a 5degree difference seems more reasonable. If u got the money tho u good.
and you still a noob at gaming seems legit
+Awesomesauce Network , At 4:39 , 1080, 1440, 4K are the monitor resolutions?
What's the case ???
I just got a computer that I build for 500$. Max settings on WAW 60fps without even going into overclock
Nah don't show any game play, that would be ridiculous!
Nah don't show any game play, that would be ridiculous!
sorry but the venturi fans are loud ! ive had 3 of them in my system for my main coolstream pe 360 rad ! fuckin loud and vibrating ! changed the fans for my old af 120 from corsair and more quiet no vibration and better cooling !
There's no mention of the pump res combo. Ek right?
Will a i5 4690 be enough to handle the awesomeness of 1 989 ti in my new pc ?
very nice setup! i also have a FD Define S case, the PC is wc-ed too and my 4690K is at 4.7GHz with 1.37v and the max temp, after 2 hrs of Mad Max, hit 73 Celsius. is this ok? compared to you, my temp is pretty high. thank you
What is the outro song?
390x or 980?
Arma 3
My dream build http://pcpartpicker.com/p/JP9sNG My current build (Note, I didn't pay the price listed, that's just what it would cost today. I paid about half of that.) http://pcpartpicker.com/p/2gpDRB
"bottlenecking" a 5960x? wat
wow! Cool!!
Water remains the same temp throughout the entire loop... The top card is warmer because it is the work horse compared to it's sli linked companion below. Facts.
It would be sad if someone built this and only played games at 1080p. :( I know there are some who would.
Great... now I want tacos
hitman absolution lmfao... thats a 2012 example... please use games from 2013 and up preferably 2015 and up seeing how this needs to run smooth 4k with games coming up, and not 3 year old games
Gtx780 zotac turbo2.0 1,100mhz-1250mh. Still I would want your PC modes Kyle.
5 GRAND FOR A PC! some people have too much cash float
purple looks gay!!
why not 2 r9 furys???
"Tacos?" ahhahaha epic
your info is cool but your videos always make me want to punch you in the neck
Tacos... indeed.
I think I pooped myself a little...
HAHA!! What a peasant PC son i7 5960x X99A Godlike 128GB Corsair Dominator Platinum DDR4 FOUR GTX 980s 1500W PSU Intel 750 1.2TB PCI-E SSD Full custom liquid cooling Makes your shitter of a PC look like a slug
Hey Kyle. What res/pump is this? all the combo pumps on ek's website are way shorter.
Hey Awesomesauce i was wondering,are you intrested on trading my Yu-gi-oh super duper original version and a couple of pokemon cards for this?If you dont like those i have an old gameboy wich worths billions now,I mean i give you tresure here mate so think about it
can you pleas check your Facebook
Beautiful build and badass performance!!
damn the build looks cool despite having pink stuff in it
What if I just use fans instead of water cooling is that fine
Since games are really bad at utilizing multiple cores, a highly overclocked i7-6700k may give you better results, with its better single core performance.
where is the build log for this?
Your temps are quite high. More rad space required. But the hard line loop looks great!
Why do you have 3.0Ghz processor in a 5,000 dollar gaming pc ( my computer has 4.2ghz Overclocked and i bought it for £319)
hey its me ur brother
why did you use airflow fans on those radiators?
#TACOS!
"a whole degree colder than Ebenezer Scrooge" lmfao xD
is this quad 980 ti or two cards
when i first started pc gaming, i was all for the best low cost builds. now its just big dick syndrome
What's it's FPS with minecraft?
Love how he puts much more effort in promoting his sponsors by doing a short.
This is so gayming..
its, its beautiful :o
i couldnt hear your computer over my computer
AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH THE POWER BUTTON ISNT PURPLE AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH
I just got back from the store , I could have had homemade TACOS tonight! What a great job you did; especially if it's your first hardline build. I hate pink, but that takes absolutely nothing away from your attention to detail and great execution here. Serious props. Awesome saucy job, Kyle.
Hey I'm a noob in computer how does water cooler work ?
My Xbox has better specs then this and only cost 350. What a waste of 5 grand
My Xbox has better specs then this and only cost 350. What a waste of 5 grand
very nice video on 980ti sli, I can only dream of having such a system
Can this PC run Minecraft?
I got question to you, what are you thinking about i5-4690k + G1 Sniper z97 + GTX 960. Am i going to play all the new games in at least 60 FPS in FHD?
4K gaming is the most retarded shit ever
I just want to say: What a sexy pc!
5000 with 60 year old hard drive tech ?  LOL
The  benefits come from the 980 Ti  ... not from the water cooling.  And your premise that water cooling is expensive is also wrong.  The answer to your question is your machine would have been better without the water and a modern hard drive because a digital drive makes a big difference and the water almost none.  Don't believe me ?  Disconnect it and you will see the fps is still above the hertz of the 4K screen.  Any fps over the hertz of the screen = 0
i didnt no my pc was so lound till i was tryn to hear yours
Can it run Minecraft?
I couldn't hear the sound test over my computers fans :P
This video has "4k likes" atm. lol
Awesome videos love your builds !!
Hey, should i get the r9 390 8gb vram or gtx 970 4gb vram. Please no fanboyism here. http://pcpartpicker.com/p/DZM9mG
0:19
woo purple pc's are the best
damn, being a youtuber makes you enough money for a 5000 dollar PC, pay mortgage for your nice looking suburb house, and a beautiful wife?! geeze i need to switch my job...
All I can think of is Vice City when looking at this, gorgeous.
What case is that?
fuck man i still have to play my games a 480p
dat moment when a 5960x is bottlenecking your GPUs,LOL.
YES YES YES YES YES!! That's all I can say. :p
thank you for using degrees Celsius and not °F
tacos
Tacos indeed
One mistake tho, 1080p = 2k. But such a "hot" rig :)
Meanwhile I'm enjoying my HD 4670 running old games at 720p 30fps low settings.
I love tacos
gtx 950 will be awesome of those kids on budgets or regular home PC's
can you guys please sub to my channel
The CPU is a beast but couldn't handle 2 980ti's ? Is this even real ?
http://de.pcpartpicker.com/p/V4Ys4D very Good build
Awesome looking build - nice work!
Brilliant machine love it ! And hats off for the build :) If you have the money and the enthusiasm, It's a great hobby. But if you are doing it just to try get the best out of games and getting skint about it, That's where people are going wrong because the actual difference in gaming performance between a 5000 bux liquid cooled X99 system and a fan cooled z97 system (with the highest cpu for each) Is never worth hitting the breadline for lol
Water cooling is justified by the cool factor alone........the performance is just icing on the cake!
Still cant buy the node 202
great midrange gaming pc i5 http://www.ebay.com/itm/Gaming-Computer-Gtx-660-t-i-i5-2400k-8gb-ram-1tb-hdd-Windows-8-/111764287995?hash=item1a05abb1fb
IDLE: hears his own computer LOAD: hears his own computer
I'm going with tacos.
Loll why the hell would you spend 5000 dollars on a gaming pc just get a console which is cheap and it's easier cause of the controller
nice system but you should get more ram since youre video editing
Tacos!
holy shit what a tank pc
Hi kyle, I checked your amazon and list and i couldnt find the case you were using. Im probably super dumb but is it the fractal design r5?
I think he got the name hotline from drakes song hotline bling
You want us to leave our thots in the comments?
I want to have sex with your computer, its so fucking beautiful.
Hey everyone. I'm just getting into PC gaming and have a question. Are the specs listed below adequate to play games like Arma 3 and Rust on at least medium settings. Eventually I plan on upgrading graphics card and power supply. Thanks in advance! --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- Intel® Core i7-4790 Processor 3.6GHz 16GB DDR3 RAM 1TB 7200RPM SATA3 Hard Drive Microsoft® Windows 10 (64-bit) 1GB NVIDIA GeForce GT 720 Graphics Integrated High Definition 7.1 Channel Audio Processing Power Supply: 350W
They are actually 5k benchmarks. Lel
They are actually 5k benchmarks. Lel
They are actually 5k benchmarks. Lel
Well my graphics card idles at under 30 degrees celsius and i have the stock cooler on it.
I say.... Tacos
Tacos?
Yes, Tacos.
TACOS
Stylistically, I really like it. Some of these games though, they must be pushing systems really hard, those FPS numbers were a li'l bit on the low side considering the hardware investment. Let's hope DX12 or Vulcan sort this out for us and you should have a real monster when those come online.
Tacos. Definitely tacos.
Ummm...why does it state above that the Fractal Design giveaway closes Sept. 10th, but when I follow the link the contest is ended and someone won already (it's Sept 6th as of this comment)?
Right so I just went on pc part picker and i did everything I needed to do like cpu,motherboard,ram and etc, I chose the graphics card listed and wanted to know if there is anything better I could choose, here is the link http://pcpartpicker.com/parts/partlist/ ,thanks in advance, you can change the cards if you edit the build.
That pink look is so sick!
That's the most beautiful thing I've ever seen! ROFL
hotline bling
Does it run HL3?
I can't belive that the 5960x, especially OCed, could ever bottleneck in GAMES...HOW??
I like to know where you can buy those venturi fans so I can get some, can't find them for sale anywhere?.
Fuck 4k. That shit's gay.
ASUS Motherboard? Lawl.
4K is garbage gimmick BS, only way you can benefit from 4k is if you're 1 foot from the screen or have an 80 inch tv!!!!!!!!!! Plus PC games are garbage now days. They either suck or are bad console ports.
What case is this I'm planing on building a water cooled pc :D soon
dislike, ugly build and pretty standard really. 5960x with 980ti in SLI, pffft.
a frickin 500$ ssd xD
This system look great, even if i'm not into pink/purple. Anyways you can always change the color of the liquid anytime. I don't think 4k will be available for most people under 1-1.5k $ before a few years. But its getting there! Now, i only have an Asus 770OC and i'm might need to upgrade when VR headsets hit the selves. But im sure not going to put 5k on a computer haha! Money is hard to get by in Quebec.
+1 for Tacos
The real question is can it run Minecraft ?
5+ grand to play video games!!!!! Madness.
So it says the giveaway closes on Sept. 10th, but it has already ended......
so you spend 5k on a gay pc that only gets 54 fps in cysis while my 2.5k rig runs crysis 3 at 7680x1080p at a constant 60fps. Fail sauce.
I can hear the prodigy at the back.
Tacos
The giveaway definitely closed prior to the 10th, or at least that is what the linked page says.
Hey what is your keyboard? Can you link me to it
Moded skyrim benchmark or I have No idea how powerful the system is!
Lol u should have custom mod your case' make it even cooler
Why does it say in the description that the contest closes the 10th, but the link says it has ended already?
Damn.. that's one quiet PC! Nice Job.
My laptop idle's at 90 degrees Celsius... yes I meant Celsius ;_; and your computer doesn't hit that at max...
How can anyone sit and listen to this nerd hipster douchebag talk.
tacos?
I mean I'm down for tacos if you are.
I can barely hear anything over my own PC.
im to late ;~;
mmm tacos.
...TACOS!!!
Tacos. Ofc tacos
Tacos rule!
burrito bowls
Damn max temps of the i7 hitted 98 degrees. Nice knowing that a watercooled cpu can get that hot.
That shit is nothing. My i3 and hd 4400 graphics gets 30 fps in csgo at low settings.
this might be a dump question, but wount he get condensation on his parst at sub room temp temps?
I know when that hotline bling
This is my dream PC.
Tacos sound good...... I'm gonna go get some now.
FINALLY! BENCHMARKS!
Hey guys. i am joining the pc mustard race and i wanted to ask u waht u think of this build http://de.pcpartpicker.com/p/7prs4D
why no 240p benchmarks? afraid your pc wont run at 240p resolution?
Lmao tacos
Tacos.
Why so cheap?!
It's going to be another year or two before there is a single card solution to 4k/60fps gaming that is also affordable for all the capitalist peasants.
meawhile.. I have lag in cs:go
Hardtube is for hipsters and dudebros.
So, the competition says it is open until 9/10/15 but when you click on the link in your description it says the competition is now over....its currently 9/5/15.
The LTT T-Shirt
Hi Kyle, seems to me something is off with your temps - idle below 20°C. I thought you re living in California and not Antartica or did your AC cool down the room to chilly 10-15°C?
Congratulations on your beautiful build mate, it will serve you well! The force is strong in this one!
outro song? pls
You don't need 8 cores for a gaming pc
Ewwww everything is in series
HELP ! my old motherboard died and i cant boot off my new motherboard i put in ! how would i fix this ? i dont want to reinstall windows as i have spent alot on applcations that i can only download once (steam)
10 seconds on the givaway
All i heard when listening to the sound test was my load ass pc :(
4 way sli with 980 ti
nicest build ive seen
Tacos?
"Tacos?" IM DYING
U KNO WHEN DAT HOTLINE BLING ??
How do you feel about Maxwell architecture running like shit on DX12/(and presumably) Vulkan? You figure by the time DX12/Vulkan is relevant it'll be time to spend 5k again?
WOOWW....
Tacos
+AwesomesauceNetwork so i have a question, i was wondering what recording software you use for the benchmarking and also if you tutorials and if so, if you could do a tutorial on how to set up and use the recording software that you use. i am trying to start a youtube channel so i would appreciate some tips :)
I think giveaway ends in 6 hours, but he mistakenly took it in as days.
I've got a 5000$+(canadian) 4k gaming pc myself. it's quite an incredible experience! specs - 4790k 4.8 corsair h50 aio z97 asus maximus vii hero 16GB 1886 corsair dominator platinum 2 way SLI evga titanX Hybrids (can oc to 1502mhz) coolermaster 1000w (2) 240GB HyperX SSD raid 0 config 2 TB HDD Coolermaster HafX case acer 28 inch 4k Gsync monitor
Yes Tacos.
can you do the master case pro 5
$5k computer and no g-sync??? NCIX has a decent sale right now for $670 swift. You couldn't pry mine away from me and I just run it off a single 780 on water.
Kyle, you should make a bobble head Kyle to sell. Reason, your head moves around like a bobble head in your videos.
those are some toasty cpu cores.
that pc looks SICK IM CURRENTLY HAVING A NERD BONER!
WItcher 3?
can someone explain to me how a 5960x bottlenecks, this is the second video i'v seen with that being said and it scares me, i need explanation q-q
New intro?
Nice PC, well Built
tacos? no. no tacs. Turnips.
I just realized that I have the same desktop background as you! xD
i only heard my pc blowin at 2:55
14°C on the CPU?!?!?! How is that even possible? My i 7 4770 (non k) runs about 35°C in idel with my corsair h100i. I know aio Watercooling units arent nearly as good as custom loops but 14°C?!?
1-800-hotline bling
Josh should be in all your vids. Rebranding time! AwesomejosH NetworK ! See what I did there ? huh? Huh?
I heard my PC over yours in the sound test ;~;
lol all heard was my a/c
You lucky bitch. Much jealous, many money
i just cant understand why it takes youtube ppl days, weeks and months to do a build, when a mong like me can do it in a few hours haha
Me WantTaco's.... . Going to wait until pascal or Greenland to see that 4k is doable without dual gpu's #PcMasterRace, 900p/1080p console peasants.
That PC is sick the only one thing that sorta sucks is the case. (personnel preference I guess)
A $5000 PC is an indulgence I'd love to invest it :P
Yep that thing is a BEAST! looks "Awesome" too! ......aaand Tacos!
Could you do the benchmarks Jayztwocents did to see how they compare?
Hnnnngh so beautiful
I wish i had the money for custom WC :/
What kind of tubing did you end up using? acrylic or petg?
awesome
Another awesome build Sir! I can say with my hand on my heart that you are one of the only people on youtube whom I would trust to build me a system if I could not do it.
liked it for the pink lol
mhhh... Tacos
I heard something, I know it.
It's bootiful
I could only push my 980 ti to 1430 MHz :/ Jelly in ma belly
Tacos, for sure.
Crysis 3, the bane of every GPU made before 2018 lol.
Yes, this machine is 4K Battle ready!!!
crysis 3 is a very nice game
Tacos? I say yes.
I lost my shit when the kool-aid man came bustin through
wow its done! congrats!
no witcher 3, disapointed D:
Definitely tacos.
My GPU cries when she saw this
4K beast!!!! Super jealous man, I want to experience 4K at those frames wow. Awesome build man
I wouldn't be surprised if Josh did that on the regular.
Reference to Hotline Miami's pinkish artstyle ?
impressive!
When you tested the sound of this pc i was actually hearing mine lol xD
More than 80° on the CPU? Wow
you look very manly in those earrings.
Do the GPU cooling blocks reduce the card height to a single slot?
I kinda laugh every time i see a "4k rig". I get it you want quality but the cost is nowhere near the benefit. (well i'm sure if you are pulling in 6 figures it would be easier) It's tech we just won't be ready for for the next 4 years.
Wtf that shirt doesn't look blue. I want one.
A 5960X, 8-Core, 16 Threads Beast of a CPU on 4,4 GHz is the bottleneck .... I don't wanna live in this world anymore !!
i actually hear my computer through headphones which is in idle ... while yours was in load aaaand with my headphones bumped to 100% Q.Q
tacos
best computer you can buy today
Welcome to the 301+ clu ... oh ... shit. Youtube. What have you done.
whaaat?? LOL
when you have a parallel terminal your GPUs should always have same temp, since they share the same intake water.
Why not a Giveway of Hotline? It's a joke, please don't kill me !
i liked this vid because of tacos
"its so beautiful"
0:48 you're welcome...
should have used AMD GPU
Tacos :)
no witcher 3? but regardless would've did well
what was the ambient temperature when you tested the pc
+Awesomesauce Network Hey Kyle, next time you watercool multiple cards see if there is a way to make a parallel water thingimagig intead of using series. That way both cards get much needed fresh coolant.
I still think it looks like it's cooled by Pepto Bismol.
So much head bob kyle. Love it
Where are the harddrives?
TACOS!
2 cheap
But why...
TBH I liked "Pink Panther" better :)
That pink is such a good pink
TACOS!!!!! :D
Giveaway? yeah right
Excellent ad (y)
first
The tubing remind me of windows xp screen saver
Try running firestrike ultra on a GT 640. I got 0 FPS while running it.
you should run the coolant to the top card first, as SLI is only used in gaming, in rendering it would leave you using the hot card, and the cool card doing nothing
YES tacos pls
Kyle I don't mean to sound rude but i dislike your outro, you sound like that fruit cake Phillip De Franco dork..
Can I play minecraft with this build, I'm looking into building something like this but with 4 Titan X's in SLI instead of 2 980 Ti's
awsome build, awsome benchmarks, awesome sauce :D
D: is so purple I WANT PURPLE ON MY PC!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH
Forget 4k; high refresh rate 1440p is where it's at.
Great vid Kyle, the editing skills are getting better all the time. Also i could watch a half hour commercial with Josh in it, but then again im a Fractal Fanboi
Use it in good health!
Yes I would love some tacos.
What was your ambient temp?
I would like to see some newer benchmarks. Witcher 3 and MGS 5. No one cares about crysis 3 anymore, well not for the gameplay anyway. 4k Ultra Battlefield 4 above 60 fps makes me feel warm and fuzzy as well. Its a damn good looking game.
TACOS
nice
IT'S THE PINK PANTHER!!!!~
What is the outro music?
This is an awesome build
Beautiful system, love the colour scheme :)
You could throw all these specs at me and i'd still be thinking "damn.. that pink is fucking sexy"
CPU bottleneck, you know what that means, reverse the loop so the cpu is first in it, and overclock it some more. Also 2k is 1080p, 1440p would be 2.5k
Kyle, you are running a parallel terminal, both cards will get the same inlet water temp. If it was serial then the coolant would be heated by the lower card first. Upper card being hotter is probably just usage difference or just slight difference in thermal efficiency or maybe thermal paste application. Nice build though bro. Looks really nice and great performance. Good job.
I'm really crossing my fingers that I win the contest! I NEED to win so badly! School started and my PC does not have to horsepower I need for all my 3D modelling projected, video editing, and my gaming hobbies!
It will always be the pink panther!
I love your channel and the videos! They are just awesome and so much fun to watch! Keep up your amazing work <3
tacos
My fans in my PC which is under and at the other side of the wooden desk is LOUDER than your PC o.0
Why do people keep calling 2560x1440p , " 2k"? 2k is 1920x1080p. Why? Simple. 2k is most commonly an abbreviation for 2000. 1920 is a HELL of a lot closer to 2000..than 2560. The terms " 2k" and " 4k " in gaming terms refer to the horizontal pixel count. Although it's technically NOT correct for someone to call 3840x2160p, " 4k", it is much more acceptable. 2560x1440p = 2.5k This is common sense.
tacos plz
How about some Witcher 3 benchmarks? I would think that would be an excellent test for Hotline.
Hotline. I like it, glad you didn't go with "Pink Panther" like 90% of the comments wanted you to
Tacos? Yes. Always. It looks great, glad it runs well. As for 4K, I think the bigger deal is getting variable refresh rate tech ubiquitous, much like how progressive scan is standard now. HBM 2 should help the illusive consistent 4K@100Hz+. I'm rather curious as to what in or about the setup is bottlenecking: core/thread count, SLI implementation, the Haswell microarchitecture, or something completely different.
Why are those minimums so low? Also I can buy my car twice for the price of your PC. Nice.
Tacos for sure.
I want a gaming pic so bad but I'm young so I can't pay for that wonder when I can buy one I can't build one idk how
its ok my little evga 750ti you run at ultra in my hart... actualy at very high 60 fps, close enough...
tacos?
you dun good, son
Core 0 was at 55 degrees F?? What was your room temp???
tacos yes
lmao all these new fractal ads are hilarious. GG to whoever is coming up with these ideas! XD
#PinkPantherIsBetter
yes tacos, approved :p
Financially and functionally, water cooling is completely fucking stupid. So are Ferrari's. That doesn't make either any less awesome. Nice work, Kyle! Congrats on reaching a point in your career where rewarding yourself by building a true tech lovers system like this is possible. : )
Does anyone know if the asus strix gtx 980ti have a water block yet?
This build is awesome. Nuff said...
Miami
dam that's nice i built a pc too tho and i'm happy about the price/performance of it! https://pcpartpicker.com/b/6hpbt6
I agree with tacos. Tacos are good. Tacos are life.
pink panther was a better name imo
winter is coming
and in a year has to replace everything
What you guys think about this build? http://pcpartpicker.com/p/VH9QWZ
At what point does a custom water cooling system ever warrant the cost? I build them because they look bad ass, thermals and cost come second to me when we get into this price range.
Allways talking about 3k,5k "MOSNTER PC".... And e with a Intel Q6600, Asus Gt610 and 3Gb DDR2 ;( Life Sucks
I'll take an Intel i taco and a quad sli burritos
Tacos!
hell yeah tacos
Badass PC!!
That intro ?? great vid
When does the Node 202 go on sale? I want to soooo bad but i cant find it anywhere :(
Question: if i wanted an awesome purple liquid cooling setup for my SLI 980ti's as well, what would be the easiest way to do it for someone who has no experience with liquid cooling? I've heard that soft tubing is easier than hard tubing but other than that, i do not know where to start.
Tacos and Chill?
did you just include the value of your PC in your title? so very unprofessional and expected from a newb youtuber. also...you didn't buy it all, so it just ads to the cheesiness of this video. unsubscribed.
taco
tacos
Skylake-e? the wait is on
+Awesomesauce Network Hey love the videos keep on doing what your doing, do you take fan mail?
No 720p medium settings. need some console representation. xbox one vs ps4 vs hotline 3 way showdown of performance and wallet size... xD
The real question is, can it run minesweeper
any chance of a comparison with Skunkworks (J2C) and Arctic Panther (PH)?
Where'd you get that table at 2:36 (my gf loves it haha!)?
which is more demanding crysis 3 or the witcher 3....
Fajitas!
mmmm tacos.  BTW, love the Machine. Awesome job.
Oh, this is the epileptic dude.
+Awesomesauce Network You wear grey cpu shirt in video, but sell blue one in store. What gives bby gurl?
fire.
Pink Panther was a better name.
LOL you should have been like i could hardly hear the fans over my spinning SSD's....i'm not dumb it would have been funny because of course they dont spin
Is it safe when my i7- 4790k @ 4.6ghz hits 100 degrees Celsius under stress? It's water cooled by the Corsair h55 quiet edition.
Would you say you spend more time building pcs than playing games ?
Y pink?!.... Y ?
Are you gonna use your 750 SSD in here?
When I get a job I am going to make one of these!
Did you really just include the price of your rig in the title? See ya
tacos
I call horseshit on the sound test, if you have HDD's you'll hear them, no fucking way your PC is THAT quiet.
Cat tail spotted 0:17
$5k -.-
My headphones have a noise treshold so high they didn't even turn on
Was he looking to Netflix and Chill?
Wait what? At idle you had min of 12C? Does that mean your room temp is 10C????
Why no Withcer3 benchmarks ?
Why were there no 480p benchmarks?
TACOS
200 fps.. not big deal
What are you going to do about dust falling into the top? That's one reason I never opened the top of my Define.
All i could hear was my pc xD
Can it play Minesweeper at medium settings?
Why use Zotac why not EVGA,MSI or asus
I'm jealous :(
Hmmmm i have a fx 6300 with a h60 in it and the idle is 17c hottest it got in game was 35c wierd i thought intel is cooler and plus u have a custom water cooler and i have a tiny rad lol
Such a cool pc, congrats dude!
You should've called it the rape machine cause that's what happened to those benchmarks !!
Tacos?... Tacos
:D
I could go for some tacos...
This system looks amazing but I would switch the blue LED on the front of the case for a pink one to fit the colour scheme
Tacos? TACOS!!!
I just hope you don't paint something grey thats already grey again
would you please tel me the name of EK sli water block
That sli bridge though. What happen there Kyle ?
That system is freaking EPIC Kyle. So jelly. Great job and video! :)
But can it play solitare?
The only difference between this and my computer, is my cpu is only a 5930k, and my case is and Enthoo Luxe. If only had thought of going Team Pink instead of the usual, Red/Black w/ white LEDs.
sexy as f
How were you getting cpu temps below ambient temperature? I'm assuming your room isn't below 15 degrees Celsius but I suppose it could be.
The answer to taco's is never not have taco's.
WHY DO YOU ONLY MAKE BLACK SHIRTS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
yeah but does it run crysis 3 in 4k @ 60fps? XD
Cpu bottlenack? I think its the ram, because 8x(16x) 4,4 ghz, is very a high clock, but the ram I think is on stock speed and has "just 16gb" which is for 4k not very much. I have the same setup, but only 1x 980 ti. I installed 32gb and the fps go up. Dont now the exact result I´m not at home, where the pc and the scores are...
5960x bottlenecks?
Still think dropping 5k on a pc that can't handle 4k with ease is a waste in my pov.... I rather just build a computer for 1440p and save some money for next gen cpu/gpu. Again it's just my ''POV''
The intro ads remind me that I can't buy a Node 202.
Why do you put ads of products that aren't on sale? Sure maybe a week before release to try to build hype but we've been waiting WEEKS for the node 202. GIVE IT TO US NOW JOSH!
yes, tacos
+awesomesaucenetwork
that is the best fractal design commercial have seen
Hey I'm new to the pc thing and I was wondering if the new driver is compatible with all gtx 960 and for windows 10
A Rapper Bro U don't know and Big Fan
The only noise I heard during the sound test was my 9800GT D:
I'd say you're ready for 4K now, but the water cooling question: For performance? No. But who builds a custom water cooling for the performance? It's for enthusiasm :) But the quiet is nice though :P
He called it hotline because of the Drake song
Fractal Josh lol.
When you realize the only noise you hear during the sound test is your PC... while wearing headphones lol
:10 cat, :20, cat gone
Tacos!
its a damning indictment when people actually spend 1500€+ on a pc just for playing games, I am also often. feeling bad that I have spent 1100€ on my PC, considering an xbox1 costs 350€ and can make a smart TV out of a normal one, but the controller on consoles are shit for FPS, thats why I stayed on the pc side
Arent those gpus in parallel with that manifold?
Air cooled 980 ti go over 1500mhz
Still not over how beautiful that pc is
Whilst you're using all of this fancy nancy components, i'm stuck using a GTX 750 ti because of my awful budget pls send me good hardware ;-;
Lovely color scheme with black.
23 like a pro ????????
The colors remind me of GTA Vice City for some reasons.
Couldn't care less about 4k. At this point it's still an early adoption gimmick for turbonerds judging by the international availability of 4k Freesync/G-Sync monitors and their prices, let alone additional hardware to drive them. 1440p is more than enough for me for the next few years.
Looks Güd
TACOS!
Bench stuff in 5k and bench minecraft!
Why didnt you benchmark any newer games?
First ! :D Great build
netflix and chill with fractal josh
Awesome pc build! Quick question, my psu broke and I'm looking for a reliable one any recommendations?
Just curious, in this 5k build, why only 16gb of ram. I feel like you would see 32 or even 64 in builds this expensive. Anyways great video
Nice pc bro
Dang that's a nice pc! And great video by the way. :)
tfw your PC is more expensive than my car.
My day just got so much better because you uploaded. Thank you :^)
Nice Video!
Push through top is quieter than push through front. Evga 280 clc in R5
Hah! Your so thin here loool
How come literally nobody mentions intake top radiator mount. I have my fans pulling through my top mounted radiator...
But i think there is an important difference between front-mounted to top mounted as in your other video.
you know most games have chat?
awesome video learned a lot today thanks .Especially since i am going to dipping my toes into water cooling my next build AIO mind you but still water cooling none the less and now i know how to place fans and Radiators now thank you Jay !!
Radiators are only for aio?
skit made me want to kill myself
Thanks for the lecture, professor TwoCents.
He was at B the whole time tho lol
you miss 2 wierd things: pull-pull and push-push :)
Nice vid thanks Jay! Or should I say thank you algorithm for correctly labeling my comment as positive sentiment... that isn't spam... which would make it ham.
Jay drives a 350, this man becomes sexier by the minute
Thicc Radiator
need help at B
"push vs pull doesn't matter", except when you're pulling cool air from the room through one radiator, and pushing hot air from inside the case through the other... Not clicking anymore videos by this dude, the annoying talking was bad enough, like just get to the point! This is just stupid, though.
Suck or Blow, that is the question...
Am I able to just have one fan pushing air thru the radiator or do I have to have two fans on the radiator?
Im gonna wear my socks to bed tonight.
Front and top are both pulling with me Everthing is watercooled They suck all the hot air out And dust stays away from pc and radiator
you earned that sub with the intro.. +1
Hi from 2018
This is why you use the NATO Phonetic Alphabet. It's BRAVO.
Man this guy was a savage back then
Hi. The only problem is that for pull mode the cooling fan will be heated by the hot air from inside the box ;), and in time....
VIDEO STARTS AT 0:2:08...save yourself the sappy intro!
can i still use front pull fans radiotors as i already have 3case fans in front? im using a segotep lux3 case
Can someone help me out? I'm building my first pc tomorrow and I want to go with a front mounted 360 rad but should I have the fans pushing or pulling? I was thinking pushing so I could see the 3 rgb fans from the front of my case (front tempered glass) but idk if I should have them pull I'm confused all advice is greatly appreciated
You could just flip the fans and covert from push to pull or vice versa. Then you can still keep the radiator where it’s at to meet your aesthetic needs.
Thanks man. For a minute there I was thinking that I put my fans incorrectly in my new build ??
so how to mount 120 radiator in back
I'm a newer subscriber to this channel, so many of your videos I've watched very out of date and out of order. I know this is a way older video. Have you done something comparing Push/Push with rads vs. Pull/Pull? As i have seen from Linus, which makes sense is that the pull config makes clearing out dust much easier than having to take the fan off the rad to clear out dust, but does this make a difference other than temps due to built up dust, and does it make cleaning much easier?
what is up with yo Mug????=???????
Nice videos, been on your channel a lot recently. I'm planning my first build, and I'm doing all my homework prior to submitting my orders. I was wondering, on a front mounted radiator would it be beneficial to push air out with the top fan and pull air in with the bottom fan? I'm basing this off the idea that hot air rises and the coolest air intake would be at the lowest point. I'm using the Fractal design nano s case, so the front is vented with a dust filter in between, and I plan on leaving the top side of case vented with a dust filter.
4:25 Fan configuration in case
waaht? waaht?
I guess the only time you might get a difference between push and pull is if either the fans don't seal completely against the radiator so you either get air leakage with push instead of it going through the radiator in pull where its pulling air from the case rather than through the rad. you also might get different air flow characteristics with cases that try to cater for all possible fan configurations and therefore have huge holes around the size being used as these often end up just circulating air inside the case especially with cases that have resistive inlets for the air like the NZXT base 630 So personally I use a sheet of thin acoustic foam which I spray glue to the case to block up the extra holes around the fans so that the ONLY way air can get through those fans is through holes the exact same size as the fans as its a nice cheap way to control air flow paths in cases that cater for a huge variety of cooling choices with 2 or 3 fans of different diameters if that makes sense
But he was wearing a headset
How can he decide to pull or push air just twisting the fans? Are they made for two way installation? The arctic cooling case fan F12 PWM PST CO is able to do it but im confused. Can you just change the pull push just by changing the fan side?
so pull/pull doesn't improve cooling really but adds a lot of noise and uses a bunch of space?
Great breakdown, very helpful
PS never push, push your fans.
Loving the add in the beginning
THICC
Boom knowledge bomb
Creepy grin intro ??????????????
I think this is pretty miss leading. You ever do that thing in high school where you try to suck water up a really tall straw and you can't do it. Or wonder why well pumps are located at the bottom of wells and not just at the top. It's physics you can never actually pull something. You're pushing the air creating a vacuum and then the atmosphere pushes air through the radiator to resolve the vacuum in between the radiator and the fans. It may not make a huge difference in these really low pressure computer fans but it is always better to push if at all possible.
Came here looking for the answer at 5:06. Thank you :D
Just realized Jay shaved his hairline back in this video... Weird.
Isn’t pushing the hot radiator air into the case bad? I thought you always wanted air from the coolers to be pushed out.
I had push/push for my FX 9590 Radiator. Always make sure your fans are facing the correct direction.
You can't push air, because it compresses. You can, however, pull air.
What about push and pull both a normal rpm on 30mm
High static pressure fans..?? Well Jay... an Axial fan is really not a High static pressure fan. Axials are not Pressure efficient by nature. But with a stronger fan motor, it will be better suited to work though the pressure load/drop that a radiator has. So these are normally fast and noisy if used as Case fans. As opposite. A low RPM/Silent and weak-motered 1000RPM "case" fan, will fight a loosing battle, if placed on a radiator For maximizing the airflow through the radiator. Use strong motor fans and No gaps between fan housing and radiator. (Seal any gaps on the side)
HAHA LOVE THE ARNOLD! GET TO THA CHOPPA!
So just to clarify. I can mount my radiator in the front and have the fans mounted on the back to have the fans exposed for while pulling air? This won’t affect performance? Because on PC Part Picker, the builds I see that have front mounted radiators have the fan then the radiator. Which results in the fans being covered by the radiator. I want the fans to be exposed in the front while pulling air but literally every build I see, people do the opposite by mounting the fans onto the case then mounting the rad on the fans for pull configuration.
god i love how sassy you are hahah
I FRICKING LOVE THIS INTRO!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! JAYZ YOUR AWESOME
You two are dorks. In a good way
I've got push pull on my h100 v2 :)
damn son that skyline is richness
Jayz you just made an oreo with that push pull config. Your. either brilliant or lucky but anyways +1like just for it
Would a Push & Pull FAN configuration on the AIO provide more static pressure = better cooling?
I wanted to know how case temp is affected by pulling air inside through radiator, not what the words mean :(
Nostalgic
Here's a question. I have 8 fans in my water cooling rig with 3 of them at 120mm mounted on my radiator using a push config. Should they run at 12v or 7v when connected.
i hope you have a new barber now.... love your videos dude
Can I put 2 fans without a radiator
I'm gonna call you johnna hill because this video is old and you're like 150 pounds look great! :)
Urgh, how can you run a glossy monitor...
I need help at B ... lol
8:10 A TON OF THICCCCCCCCCNESS!
Interesting..i have a lian li pc 08 case and i want to instal a 360 radiator on the front and a 240 radiator on the top..what configuration do you recommend me to use for each radiators? How radiator use to push and how to pull? Thanks for help me with my buid
My case has slot for 120mm fans, it I got 140mm... don’t know what to do...
Cheers Jay
"Something appears to have changed." I run pull on my front mounted AIO in my A10-7870k SFF build for maintenance and appearance. I can easily reach the fans from the inside if I need to take them down for any reason at all, and I can reach the rad from the outside for cleaning. Plus you can't see the branding on the side of the rad, but you can see the fans, from the view window. If I take the front cover off, the rad's right there, giving the system a neat industrial look. My build can run in partial passive mode, using only my single case fan to keep it cool (35c) at desktop and light loads, but peeking into the side of the case lets me see if the fans are running or if one has stopped for some reason. (I had to take one offline for repairs.) .... Guys, why are you staring at me like that?
5:32 Allah the radiator
ok, so now if you install one fan in push and the other in pull on a 240-280 rad would temp deviate from if you just do both push, pull, or push/pull?
I have a noobish question, I have a 6 fan configuration on three 120mm radiators that when finished, will provide solid positive pressure into my build. Right now I only have two radiators in and before I install the third, I wanna find the best way to provide power to those fans considering I only have 2 fan ports on my motherboard. I saw you can use a molex adapter with multiple three pin splits, but is that wise to that? Will it effect my motherboard running 3 more fans off of one 3 pin fan Port?
every fucking video you got has 30s advert on it, why ? you wanna get rich quick or something ? please stop this, its a real put off
Great video. Thank you.
You are boring
hand+skin = flapping
didn't mention one thing... should the rad fan blow hot air out, or suck cool air in? Regardless of push and/or pull setup, you still have that option, hot air out, or cold air in?
You did a perfect job of explaining the concepts. I was really confused about push and pull configuration.
In my experience, using the push method lowered my idle CPU temps from 40c to 27c.
Jay, your videos are SOOOOOOO appreciated. I have no problem at all following along with your logic. Don't ever stop making videos dude. Seriously.
A more detailed airflow with smoke would be appreciated, thanks in Advance
What about stacking the rads in a push pull configuration would you get the same airflow? Not that I’m running that more less just curious
Okay, so I understand the concept of push-pull better now but it makes me wonder how much temp difference are we looking at in a push-pull configuration if the fans are A.) high static pressure fans, and B.) running full speed.
#teampull
that ad at the beginning was hilarious haha
I stand on pull side more.. like in car.. fan is behind radiator, pulling air trough.. vacuum on fan side and fresh air coming in directly trough radiator first.. pushing air kind of creating resistance and high pressure area between fan and radiator.
What if you have a push-push (or pull-pull) config, so fan-fan-rad instead of fan-rad-fan like in push-pull? Does it improve the rad cooling/airflow inside the case in any way?
whats the reccomended rpm for radiator fans when the radiator is on the top of the case pushing air out of the case? My current fans only run at 1500rpm
Jay what the fuck? You're saying that without fans rads will do nothing, but in the earlier vid where you talked about radiator basics, you said - and it's almost a quote - that rads have plenty of cooling capacity by themselves and even without fans they can offer better cooling than air cooling. So which one is actually the truth?
Gotta love the condescending attitude
Hello Jay, could you help out? Running a nzxt CPU cooler and a gigabyte water force in a phanteks pro m case. seems like mounting the CPU on the front would be fine with a push pull and then just mounting the gpu radiator in the back? Then moving the fans that came with the case to top and have them pull. Would you change that in any way?
I understand that push or pull won't really make a difference, and push and pull only helps if your fans don't create a static pressure, but surely it matters if you are forcing the air(thus heat) into your case as opposed to out.
I prefer pull ONLY because it keeps the radiator exposed so it's easier to clean the dust off of it.
using a 240mm radiator thats 30mm thick, could i have a single 120mm fan between the case and the radiator and then 2 120s on the inside of the case? i have one extra fan and im trying to put it to use.
@JayzTwoCents FYI there are fan splitter cables that allow the PWM line to go to up to 5 fans while the power for said fans can be handled separately by a MOLEX connector from the PSU. This is helpful if you are running many fans or extremely high powered fans and don't want to burn put the fan headers on your motherboard. (Most motherboards can only handle 1 amp of power total as you said in your video.)
you never finished this build. I want to c this build!!!
I'm still going with the push-pull config, i don't think thickness will be much of an issue with a Full-Tower ATX case.
i had a radiator without fan for a while... two months, yes its my first pc build
So if I'm building in an S340, should I have two SP120 fans in the front, and two AF120s exhausting in the back and top?
this whole push pull thing gives me a headache... I think i'll just stick with air cooling and figure out how to promote positive pressure instead of water cooling.. (nothing against people who water cool, I just think it's not for me)
could you do a push push?
What is the reference for your forehead line ?
you could make a simple U shaped tube with water with one end inside the case to show airflow inside the case
surprised no one is using aluminum.
thanks for this video. I am just starting a build and fans are more confusing than the build itself. ??
noctis 450 perfect case for push pull config on top
Wearing headphones but still can't hear because of how loud the fans are... I feel bad for the neighbors. LOL ;-)
awesome intro lol
You got my like just for the stupid intro :-)
In the beginning, the way he talks and his hairs make him look like the younger version of the giant from Twin Peaks :D
Oh my god that first scene tho xD Thumbs up for that! xD
I'm digging this back up from the dead. Jay, I've read some people saying that having a static pressure as push and an airflow fan as pull will give better results than using all static pressure. You ever try this?
Umm you made an Oreo Sandwich bro , no one makes more on screen innuendo's with PC hardware than you Jay!
(allah the radiator) 5:31
I like how you integrate your ads, making a fun skit out of them.
how to setup 2 radiators? so one radiator for the cpu and the other one is for what? where do you mount it on?
But how can you put it in the bottom?? do Radiator fans not need vents??
You are the most creative advertising Youtuber I've seen so far...
I assume that putting a 2 push fans in the roof of the case is actually smarter, because the pull fans are pulling a cold air, which gets warm because it flows through the pc. hot air is floating up (just like hot balloon flies bacause of hot air floating) so putting them up in the case is avtually smarter and not just an aesthetic choice, i guess...
I have a captain 240ex mounted on the top of my case I want to mount rgb fans on it and I cant decide if its better to put the fans above the radiator and if I should have them push the air through the radiator into the case or have them pull the air through the radiator out of the case
im glad i have finally found a guy what could explain this properly. Im a novice in liquid cooling because i always used standard air cooling. I have bought the Kraken X62 for my new rig but need help how to install it. Thanks Jay
Perfect explanation, the best I have seen so far. Thanks!
do radiator fan gaskets make a difference?
i was gonna use 4 120mm corsair rgb fans for my radiator. i hear rgb fans are normally bad for this?
Dude, you NEED to do all the Arnie-voices in every movie he ever made :D
Okay but if I run push pull on a h100 V2 and still keep the rpms high. Will i Acheive lower temps then the push configuration I have now?
i thought linus tech tips covered this and concluded anything more than 2 fans is just wasting $...
why do you want to bring the heat inside the case when youre trying to get heat out???? Duh
This helped
really hot where you live? how much hot is it?
On the radiator up top, don't the fans basically exhaust the hot air from inside the case into the radiator? just curious :D
what case is that ?
Hi, I just got the mastercase maker 5 case and like to replace the fans with the noctua 2000rpm (black one). Do you think it's a good idea ? or if the noctua is compatible with the case.
But what if I wanted to stick my cock in a radiator? Would a push configuration work better than pulling?
I'll save you all some time. The BEST fans for watercooling are the corsair SP120 or AF140 depending on which size you need. They offer the best static pressure and fan speed (1200+) but they are noisy as hell. I have 24 of them in my case so I should know. Just buy a pair of noise cancelling headphonea and your all good.
What is your favorite high static pressure fan for radiators? I have a kraken x62
Linus did a video, showing that a pull helps less dust on the radiator, plus easier to clean.
Can I use a dueal pull config? (on one radiator)
Do a demo.
Wanna see the 3 intake 5 exhaust fan video with smoke. Please. BTW Love the vidz keep it up and gratz on 1 million subs.
Basically, Pull= intake Push= exhaust i always go with pull for pulling in cool air from outside the case, keeps the CPU a little cooler
on my define r5 the push side is hidden so push/pull isn't that bad with a front radiator.
Come with me if you want to live
Linus Tech Tips won to you by... let's say... 3 years?
The advertisement is just LOL
what case is that
If I have 3x120mm fans and 3 more for a 360mm radiator pulling air in the case and only one 120mm pushing air out, is the air pressure too positive, or is it fine depending on how many vents my case has?
Would it not be worth mentioning that with pull you get better airflow inside the case than with push? When I changed from Pull to Push my CPU went from +47 under load to as high as +60C. Same game, same settings, same starting environmental variables. The ambient temperature also went up quite a lot inside the case, and the airflow was completely ruined. With pull I had a streamlined airflow from front to back. With push I had multiple vortexes in the front and normal exhaust in the back. I even tried push/pull, just regular pull still works better.
how can you hear the jet engine fans if you're on headphones???
what is the best Watercooling Case for 280$?
Very interresting, thanks !
Logan? Jay you sounds like Schwarzenegger
Why does it seem to you that everybody is stupid?
what cooler u recommend for an i7-7700K?
why do you need a radioator in a pc case ? i live in the hottest city in brazil, and i'm puzzled by this
I've heard pull is better, simply from a dust standpoint; when you go to clean the dust it mostly be on the side without the fans, not sandwiched in-between the fans and radiator.
just my two cents. cleaning and keeping a radiator with a push / pull or just push is a real pain. what are your thoughts on stacking in the pull configuration?
You looked fucking psychotic when he opened the door lol. You could be the killer in a horror movie. Lol
racist xD
i learn something every time i watch a show of your's .
good video
I see that you're only using SP fans, and not AF fans? nor in front. And is it good idea to use AF fans in front? thanks.
Pull is best if your not using push/pull. Push builds way too much dust in the radiator and thus hinders cooling. In push/pull you will want to adjust your fan speed to compensate for fan resistance against one another rpm wise . Keep your pulll slightly faster.. Problem really is in the design of the radiators.
Jay. I have a question I need your help with. I just got a EKWB EK-XLC Predator 240 1.1 for my pc. I also got the add-on fan kit for it for push/pull from EKWB. Right now, I can't lift my pc to find out on my own due to a left ankle complex fracture, dislocation, 5 metal plates and screws holding it all in place. My case is a NZXT Phantom 820 and my motherboard is a Asus Maximus VIII Hero. Can I run push/pull in it with the Predator 240? Reason I ask is the Predator 240 is setup different from my current Arctic Liquid Freezer 240 where the top 2 fans fit on the top outer part of the case, where as with the Predator 240 all 4 fans and the radiator will be in the case above the motherboard. I really wanted the Predator 240 for being able to change the fluid when needed and expand it to a video card downthe road. I won't be able to lift my pc for at least 2 more month's to figure this out on my own. Right now I'm just getting all my upgrade parts I want, so they're ready to go when I can lift and work inside my pc again. I'm down to my last 2 upgrades, as both my ssd's won't fit all my games. I have 2 Samsung 850 EVO 1.0TB ssd's left to get. I'm going with them, as I can't afford the Samsung 9**'s for the size I need and one is going to be m.2 and I'd need some adaptor from Asus to use the newer u.2 or whatever format, as my board just has the first m.2 slots used.
wtf is that intro, i died laughing for some reason.
Quick question Jayz, if I have a R9 295x2, which has a 120mm radiator, everyone has been talking about push, pull & push + pull. what if I want to pull + pull configuration which will be same hight as push pull? will the cooling be different?
is the h80i v2 good enough for the i7 7700k to overclock and where would i mount it on corsair spec 03 case
Lol, I like how telephones don't exist in the intro ad. ;D
shouldn't you try and keep positive pressure inside your rig to keep some dust out
I dont even watercool but it seems pretty straight forward to me. Push the air out of the case rather than into the case. Unless you can do both.
I'm not looking at this for computers since it BARELY matters but with car radiators I assume a small difference would be much more important since I live in Florida but I can't find any videos on the topic regarding cars
Surely if you use radiator fans to suck air into the case you are blowing hot air onto key components, surely it's better to use radiator fans as exhausts, and fit clear fans as intakes, ensuring hot air leaves quickly and is replaced with cool air.
you said that positive pressure should be created but then you said you usually choose push config, doesn't push mean create negative pressure?
I always go pull on radiator for reason of cleaning push alot of dust gets on the radiator pull gets hardly any but like the video said hardly any difference
liked for the fan ad.
jay why should using push or pull setup effect the aesthetics ?! can't we just flip over the fan in order to changing push to pull (or vice versa)instead of moving the fan to the other side of radiator? that way with the fans inside the rads we can do either push or pull on every location just by flipping over the fans...
Can i put a normal fan in front, pushing, the radiator then a high static pressure fans pulling?
i died at the intro... thanks for the vid... my fans were all over the place... fast build, no planing :-O lols
Ok, so weird question. I plan on getting the 460x case and really didn't want to change out the front fans, as it is a nice aesthetic. I also didn't want to top mount my radiator for three reasons, first being that you cant use high profile ram if you top mount it, as the case isn't tall enough, secondly the magnetic filter on the top of the case restricts flow a lot more than the normal filter in the front, lastly, I saw a couple of videos explaining that pulling fresh air from the front of the case has about a 10 degree difference, so I want to front mount it. Unfortunately the front fans only push at 1400 rpm, while the h100i v2 fans push or pull at 2450 rpm. Is this going to cause significant problems if I went with a push/pull configuration using different rpm fans? I checked a few forums that dint have very concrete answers, also I couldn't find anything on youtube. It would be greatly appreciated if anyone had an answer.
It is sad how many of you are idiots where he has to explain things in such childish terms for you twats to understand.
Jay likes his case to be all fung shui
just skip to 4:20 those 4:20 costed me some brain cells
3:50 instead of moving the the fan to the other side of the radiator you should have focused on explaining which side of the fan makes it push configuration and which side makes it pull configuration that would make it easier for many beginners to understand.
So the temps were literally higher in front mounted position but aren't going to immediately hurt the computer. Got it. Duh.
keep up the great work as always. alwsys learning from ur videos.
on a 240mm radiator. with both of the fans on the same side, can you do one fan pushing and the other fan pulling? for a neutral air pressure balance
Wouldn't adding a radiator to the top of your case cause hot air to run through it and in turn cause the system to run hotter?
With proper static fans, do you 'really' need push/pull? Seems like with the proper fans, PULL is good enough.
Schwarzenegger style yes
I need help reducing dust on my case I have Deepcool Captain 240 EX and a Phanteks Eclipse p400 All the fans are occupied Top and back are all exhaust (All 3 fans are now PWM) Front Rads are Intake (Deepcool Captain PWM fans waterblock is not PWM) I have setup fan speeds on my Asus B85M-Pro Front are 40 - 100 percent fan curve Exhaust fans are DC mode since their not PWM (0 RPM when below 45c, 50% when 45 and up) Is this fine? I need some suggestions.
Pull makes less noise.
and this is why you use the Military alphabet to not have that problem ;)
right on the money man!
that intro tho XDDDD
omg look at his poor arm xD so much wasted skin xD
I thought that pushpull was for 2 fan radiators, and there were only 2 fans both opisutly flipped
I'm very new to pc building and before you explained push pull I assumed that you'd actually have both fans on the same side of the radiator but with different orientations. As opposed to opposite sides of the radiator but with the same orientation. One point that I feel the big boy pc builders such as JayzTwoCents/Bitwit to name a couple here on youtube are not touching on (or me simply failing to find a relevant video) is whether to use radiator fans as exhausts or intakes. Don't confuse this with push/pull configurations explained in this video; for example a fan can be used to push air into the radiator and out of the case acting as an exhaust (such as the top radiator in this clip) but it can also be used to push air into the radiator and into the case acting as an intake (as opposed to pulling from the radiator and into the case which is what the fans on the front radiator are doing in this clip). The same logic applies to pull-intake/pull-exhaust/push-pull-intake/push-pull-exhaust configurations. My concern with the exhaust/intake business is the effect of the radiator on other components in the case. In an exhaust configuration you'd be attempting to cool the liquid in the radiator with whatever air you have in your case, if that air is already too hot due to a component other than what the radiator is trying to cool, then you're just adding fuel to the fire. In an intake configuration the cold air entering the case will be heated by the radiator, causing ALL your components, INCLUDING the one you're trying to cool to be exposed to the hot air produced by the component you're trying to cool. For those reasons I feel an external radiator would be the most effective. I understand that the inefficiency component of a radiator is what doesn't allow this to happen. TLDR neither exhaust nor intake configurations make enough sense to me. PLZ help explain JayZ
Yes, please! A how-to on case air flow using smoke and radiators would be most enlightening!
if we run fans at full speed at all the time by connecting them to psu then the performance won't be affected right? as the heat can exit through the fins of the radiater
Informative content starts at 5:10
I would argue that a push configuration is better for the longevity of the fans in the long term because the air going through the fan is always colder than if it was pulling warm air out. This might extend the life of the fan before it fails.
Are there companies out there that will make custom radiators? like if I wanted a hexagon/honeycomb fin pattern could that be done somewhere?
I liked the video... for the sponsor...
This was a really good and well made video
Why is you using airflow fans for the radiator, not static pressure one?
Please please get something other than xxr's. if you have then yay! Good video though, never knew push/pull was about the same performance wise.
Tek syndicate is dead.
what case is that
Well that advertisement was golden.
from your setup your heating the air MORE buy pulling air across the front radiators into the case. wouldnt it be better to get cool air into the case and then push or pull it OUT of the case ?! (but not through a radiator)
what keyboard is that?
Jay, you lost more weight? Looking good! #nohomo
A note, the PWM standard allow the control of LOTS of fans per header, so if you use a cable or breakout box that draws power from something like a Molex or SATA, but passes through a PWM signal you could run as many fans as you like off a single header (and indeed this can be a neat looking way to do things for cable management). The tachometer line is optional, and in theory shouldn't matter since all fans that comply with the standard will not over RPM even at 100% duty cycle (indeed this is the effective running state when the PWM line is not connected), although I have found some cheap fans may "tick" or otherwise adversely behave at the lower duty cycles despite the standard calling for all fans to work at the minimum, so if different fans are used I'd recommend connecting it to the slowest. The downside of doing this is you have less zones in which you can control speed independently, but using 1 header per watercooling loop is generally fine, as its cooling the same fluid, although 2 may be useful if minium RPM is a binding constraint (thus turn half the fans off at low load).
your buddy is great in every video I have seen him in
thank you,!!! greetings from Brazil !!
Your videos are always informative, even for someone who's been building pcs for awhile.
When front mounting a rad does it matter if the barbs/inlet outlet are on the bottom or top?
nice intro
best intro ever
Hey i'm planning on getting a Corsair Obsidian 750D and use a Corsair H110i for CPU cooling. What configuration do you suggest? I was planning on using it as a push - exhaust fan (2x140)
Old video I know but I wanna throw something into the equation for people who are lazy, like me for example. Pulling fans tend to collect less dust because they pull it out through the radiator and putting it straight outta the case instead of pushing it against the radiator and making it stick there. Also thank you Jay for making a video that I can copy and paste over and over again when I´m getting asked these kind of questions.
takes a shot everytime he says THICC ;D
Thank you Jay!!!...I'm so glad I found your channel, you've taught me so much and I can't wait to get started on my PC build.
does this apply the same if you were to just be using an AIO cpu cooler?
Video starts at 2:08
do you need radiators?
radiator for WHAT??
So what is the purpose of having a radiator on the front intake? The way I understand it, the intake is pulling in cooler ambient air that doesnt need the radiator to dissipate heat. What am I missing here?
Great video. It helped me a lot! Thank you. I have just finished my Corsair C70 Military build! So i went for 2 Noctua F12's on the front pulling air into the PC through the storage compartment (super quiet fans running at 1500rpm - it sucks in my 420 smoke!). 2 AF 140's on the top pushing air out of the case, running @ around 1000RPM each (again, very quiet fans and move a lot of air). On the rear I have my MSI Dragon 120mm Radiator with a Corsair SP120 pushing air through the rad and out the back of the case. It's worth mentioning my MSI Dragon Liquid Cooler is 18 months old (from a prev build) and still going strong. Obviously it's a good one, it's made by Asetek!! The pump is running at top speed (silent 1590RPM) and the SP120 @ around 2000RPM (super quiet). FX-8350 (stock speed 4.0Ghz) i am getting Idle temps of 18c-23c depending on weather and I haven't seen it go above 44c under full load (I play GTA V at 2k 60fps for hours on end!). So thanks again for making a great video, and hope my comment can help some folks out.
mad car
Master of watercooling, can you help me? I just got a H90 from a friend. The problem is that I have an Haf 922 and the only places for an 140 fun is the bottom or the front, it would be a huge mistake if I let it on the bottom? would the air stay on the pump?
Oh come on... what about push - push or pull - pull? Good info and all... but to make it complete, I would have addressed making sure not to make your fans work against each other. Breaking it down so much means there will be those doing this for the first time and could make that mistake.
Hello- I'm waiting for some parts for a new build to arrive and am wondering everyone's opinion regarding fan configuration for my rig. Case: Corsair 400C CPU Cooling: Corsair H100i V2 GPU: EVGA 1080 Hybrid (shown in vid above) I plan to do a push/pull config for my cpu & gpu radiator's and because of the smaller overhead vs motherboard/ram height I would place both radiators in the front of the case as intake. As a side note I plan to remove the mechanical hd bay as I am doing a SSD only build. So I guess what I want to know is what do you think, and what would you do?
That fan commercial cracks me up every time I see it
This was one of the most useful video's I've found for water cooling, I have decided for my Case labs Mercury S8 case to do a 280 mm push pull on the front but really quiet fans, this is my overall goal. Thanks again for the great video Jay
whats the best method for the dust? pull or push?
Thanks.  lengthily but informative.  thanks.  I'm going to pull off the cpu and push the air out the back trying to balance.  Thanks again.  Sorry I couldn't watch the entire thing.  Time constraint.
10:42 aproxx. if have a case that has a bump(a small curvuature on whe the place that is for the fan what can you do with it) ant want to install a 2 fun water coling system push pull like the nepton 120 xl what can i do? please help
So i have my fans on the outside pushing air through my radiator, into the case, and then i have a 140mm fan in the front of my case pushing air to the 120mm fan on the back of my case which is pulling air out of the case... Does this sound like a good setup? Or should I have the fans on the inside of the case, pushing the air through the radiator, outside of the case?
lol , great vid
There actually is a difference between pushing and pulling through a resistance. But it is probably negligible in this context. We did some testing on this in college for designing a wind tunnel. Basically, if you are pushing air through a radiator, the air is turbulent as it goes through. This means the turbulent air has to straighten out and loses more energy in the process. However, when you are pulling air THROUGH a radiator, the air is starting from rest, so can be pulled in any direction it needs to, and the flow would be laminar. This is also another good reason to pull air through filters, rather than push. Besides protecting the fan from dust, it is easier to pull through a filter than to push through it. At least in close range.
ok, I've got Corsair Carbide 600Q case, with Corsair H115i cooler mounted to the floor with fans as pull just because its easier to clean when it gets dirty (it wont that much thanks to filters), then I was thinking "ok the radiator is going to limit the flow so i need to improve it and somewhat force it" so the 3 fans that came with case are working as exhaust, two at front one at back to force more chaos air circulation. good way of thinking?
My case has two intake 120mm fans, two 120mm on top, one 120mm on the back and another 120mm on the botton. I'll buy an Corsair H80i GT. I'd like to install the radiator on the upper spot on the front. Push and pull taking the air from outside to inside the case. Is that ok? Case is and Raidmax Viper GX.
what kind of car is that?
I've had all my Radiators in a pull method for a couple reasons. 1st would be due to clearance size from a specific and having the fans to close to cabling or motherboard. 2nd Since I live in Cali and it's a dust bowl these days, I've noticed the fans do not clog up with dirt/dust as if they were underneath the Radiator. but it's all about preference and fan case fan configurations. Great Vid!
Let's say he does the 11 fan method lol... Would that be quieter since they're not running super hard or...
can you try push push and pull pull just for shits and giggles?
would noctua fans be good for radiators?
your triceps scare me
Setup. Set up. Same thing, right?
do ek Radiators come with Fans?
I got an 38mm radiator (Arctic Liquid Freezer 240) and would really like to remove my 2 fans on top of my Zalman Z11 case, currently pushing out through the radiator to the very top of my case, over the radiator and pull air out like this. Would that make sense? And should I rather use my Corsair Fans with high static pressure or normal airflow fans to pull out the air? Thanks a lot for help. (and sorry for my english:D)
Haha adds like these are good.
????? ????
I love the ads you make.
The ad was awesome haha
Oo TT <3
I didn't quite understand, if i use push-pull setup will it make a better cooling for a radiator, under same conditions as with push or pull setup?
Wouldn't having a pull on the front just pump the warm air from the front radiator back onto the components?
IMO always install in pull if possible. Easier to clean.
whats the big deal about push pull, no need to study that right? I push cold air to the radiator or the heatsink of aircooling solutions and I pull warm air away from the rediator or rtl the aircooling block. but I guess thats the reason why I only recommend to mound the pull fans out of the case. the warm air then gets where its supposed to be, out of the computer into the room. otherways warm air gets blown into the case, no good deal, gnomsayn..
Saw that mint 350, subbed.
yesss yesss do a video explaining it with smoke!!
Hi :) What is the white case in the back called?
What do I do if I have no vents for a fan on the top of my case???
Jay,I'm sure that this is a stupid question, but have you ever heard of anybody using "mercury" as a liquid in a closed loop?  I saw a black and mostly silver build that looked like that was what they did.  It's on the EK website.  I'm guessing no, but I wanted to get your opinion.
+JayzTwoCents you will receive this a lot, but I cannot seem to find a definitive explanation. I am running an i7-6700k & gtx 1080 and doing a custom loop. I am aiming for an ultra quiet setup that is also capable of taking care of the heat when pushed. I am therefore looking at two 480mm 45mm or 60mm thick radiators to maximise my heat dissipation area, whilst maintaining an rpm as low as possible - from off, to 500-750rpm and then higher as needed. the trouble I'm having is rpm vs dB vs push/pull vs push & pull. doing push & pull increases the noise fan at the same rpm by about 3dB from what I've read, but what I can't tell is if i would save more than 3dB by maintaining a sub 750rpm speed for longer whilst achieving the same or lower temps. e.g. if i target 70° on the GPU, it could take say 1250rpm on just push, but 650rpm on push pull for the same result, which ought to be quieter. before I go buying 16 fans though, would be good to get your input if possible because no tests and data I've read/watched so far seem to cover this area of watercooling.
Could you use a radiator for intake, and would it make a difference?
Really quick please, im about to install mine. If im mounting my fan/radiator of the back of my tower. Starting from the back, it goes casing, fan, radiator, fan. MY QUESTION IS... what position does my radiator tubes (that hold the water) have to be? I am replacing the fan and forgot to look before i took it out. Does it matter if the tubes are on the top, side, bottom? i dont know how the water flows through these things. please please help. thank u sir
Thanks, great information. I built a custom loop a few years ago, and I just started a new build with Corsair's H115i AiO because I wanted to keep it simpler. Essentially, I'm hearing you say that there is marginal difference between push configs vs pull configs when it comes to temp. I always thought pull was more effective than push using fans with high static pressure. Do you think I'd benefit from push-pull on their rad if I've got the room? Would it be overkill? Thanks for the vid. Edit: Should mention that I picked up two Noctua NF-A14 3000RPM to replace Corsair's fans. I was going to use all four unless I don't have the space or it isn't necessary for the rad's fin density.
???????? ????? ? ???? ?????? ?
Normaly i dont realy like ad but if i watch ur videos its just funny ^^
How can you tell the top/bottom of the radiator? Im looking to do a push config and it wont heat my other parts because im putting it at the front, where air filters and stuff are (corsair 400c)
for 980ti sli im wanting a 480mm x 80mm rad but what configuration would be best suitable for quiet but affective running
That Fairlady Z
Watched for 1m 30, talks about "something new", his friend not hearing him on game chat and his new t-shirt from his sponsor... be nice, if he actually talked about fans, am off to find a more useful video.
really like your simple and easy to get explanations. helps beginners like myself a lot. thank you.
what case is that?
does this only apply to water cooling radiators? how about cpu air cooler?
Great channel jay! It would be great for you to do a video about positive pressure, maybe you could also give some tips about keeping computers dust free? I have heard the positive pressure helps out a lot
A pull configuration on the front could raise the air temperature on the inside, am I right?
Aesthetically it may look weird but why not attach the rad(s) on the outside of the case (more holes)? I'm guessing you shouldn't mount your rads upside down (inside or outside) because the pump would need to work harder against gravity? What's better mounting the pump to push or pull, also before, after or farthest away from the reservoir (between reservoir and rad)?
How do push/pull configurations screw together?
Easily the most informative video about fan configurations. Thanks!
Thanks a lot. this vid explained what i needed to know.
Or turn up the volume in the headphones...
This made more sense than anything I've seen or read to date. My installation is rather simple.... an H1001 v2 for cpu cooling only, in a simply cavernous Fractal design R5.
When, or rather, if, you do make shirts PLEASE let us know...I would happily wear it to next LAN!! Love your videos, Arial
Itd be nice if you stated numbers\refed benches for why one thing is better than another, otherwise its hard to know if its true or not
Speaking of temperature is way etter. Why not speaking with data in your hand? I can see only video of somebody talking, talking, and talking .-. no real answer to the youtube title; that case would have benn good for every kind of test..
I did as much research as I could on what 140mm fans to buy and I bought the fractal venturi fans yesterday on ebay, it was very comforting to see them on the intro of this video lol. Thankyou.
Running fan commercial promos, pushing tek syndicate apparel before actually getting into the title of the video? Wow.
Believe it or not theres a method thats not widely known, and thats Pull Pull, both fans pulling heat away from the radiator in 2 directions, it works very well ive tried it. Better still if the rad is mounted at the front you get the best of both worlds heat from the rad is getting pushed out the front and the other fan(s) are pushing air in the case at the same time also you get no dust build up in the fins... If you are using only 2 fans on a 2x120 rad, i highly recommend fitting the rad at the top pushing out, as heat rises.
dat product advertisement i have 12 fab running at 4000 rpm with just a scresw only with open case and it didn't annoy me with little cheap mobile heatphone
Does SP fan go in bottom of radiator and AF fan go on top (outside) for push/pull configuration..???
Anyone know what radiators jay is using cause I need some white ones for my build
I dont see the point of utilizing a Push-Pull configuration anywhere. Its either you push or just pull. Doing a push-pull configuration only wastes space and unnecessary power. Modern vehicles use only the Pull configuration on radiators and condensers because putting another fan for pushing is useless because the same volume of air will pass through the radiator fins regardless. Now, since the same volume of air will pass through the fins, a front mounted radiator will benefit more on a "PULL" configuration, just like on modern cars. Why? Because the fan will directly blow air inside the case, without the radiator fins causing turbulence like in "PUSH" configuration.
I believe pulling in air from the outside will be cooler air, in the pc you have many pc parts making heat, and therefore using that heat to cool your cpu would not be optimal.
Making my first build and this was so helpful! Thanks!
Hey Jay, love you vids. I'm changing cases over to a Fractal R5 (windowed) where I should be able to remove the 5.25 bays and the middle HDD cage, and adding a Corsair H80i GT (so I can make a build outa my old stuff). What do you think is the best setup for this? I was thinking push/pull on the front but I would like the be able to see the rad through the window and don't think I'll be able to like this, however, I'd also like to keep it as sound-proof as possible. What's your thoughts on where I should place the rad and fans? Thanks man.
i think i have a problem, my monitor goes turns off and then back on briefly, out of nowhere sometimes and a lot when load a game up. I can't tell whether its my graphics card (r9 290x tri. 77c under load) or my psu (corsair Rm 750). All of my graphics drivers are updated. I have no idea what it could be but it's really annoying, especially when im watching something or playing games. Any ideas?
That's why you say BRAVO, Jay :D
sp or af fans for push and pull???????
Allah! the radiator, The One that must not be seen...
hello, I first want to introduce my self my YouTube name is garlicbread45 real name is Eric. I just added case fans to my rig. but I would love to hear your thoughts about it am running 5 fans 2 exhaust one is pushing the hot air out on top and second is pushing hot air out the back one blowing cool air in (front of rig) and then I have push and pull for my 120mm radiator. so your thoughts should I just one a push or pull on my radiator and use the other fan as pushing cool air in or use it to pushing hot air out? also I love your vidoes and of course I would like to see any guide vidoes you have or thinking of keep up the great vidoes!!!
plz don't speek like a russian i have bad memories from dota 2 XD
I have waaaay too many liked videos. Eh screw it. I'LL DO IT FOR JAY!!!!!
I actually tried to configure my Nepton 240M in pull. Only to realize I could no longer put my top dust filter back on, because the screws are too high profile. Also installing in pull is much harder, especially with the rubber gasket that comes with the cooler.
Educational ^_^
#INeedHelpAtB
It's a helpful video mr. Jay! Thank you. ?
Another nice informative video Jay. Just a small slight, less rant = more information. Thanks again.
with push/pull surely the fact you are doubling the amount of fans on the rad makes running them at a slower speed redundant in terms of acoustic performance?
Sorry, shrinking too fast? Explain how pls.
I have positive pressure below the gpu and neg pressure above it. gives the gpu plenty of fresh air to the intake and actively takes exhausted air away. it means the overall case pressure is neg so dust is an issue. but my sapphire 390 doesn't go over 65 which is good for an air cooled 390 running in a case with 1 intake fan
you need Datsun 240z!
I imagined myself doing a car's radiator and fans to a pc while watching this video LOL!!!
that intro haha :P
Good info...Tnx! 44c here in the summer, also, a country environment... much dust ! No way to escape it. I think a low, under case intake will pick up dust that naturally falls, and plug a filter quickly. Better to have intake on the front, or back? Maybe a large filter on back where it is not visible ? Exhaust at front where pilot may get the full effect of what is going on inside the case ? :-) ..just thinkin... rc
What about the direction of the fan? Does it matte which side the fan is facing? Like face the side with the sticker this way or that way?
350z or 370z? whoah
Does the radiator heat affect the overall Case temperature or is it negligible because of the fan taking air out?
Such info
I don't care about How my CPU looks or how loud it is as long as it performs better.. PUSH/PULL configuration for the win!! :D
Nice video. Does anybody know if there is something you can buy to raise fans? About the same thickness of a radiator that will make the fans visible through the side window?
+JayzTwoCents what is the case on video 1:10 it is mini white color under microphone
That ad at the front /facepalm I know it's funny. xD
what case is that?
pupupupul pushpullpushhpul
I would do pull for exhaust fans rather than push, the different in air pressure is negligible but by putting it in pull any dust build up will be on the exposed side of the radiator rather than between the fans and radiator.. and therefore easier to clean
I prefer a push push, or pull pull design.
JayzTwoBingoWings
@jayztwocentz I was thinking if you are using 2 SP fans please do let me know.. I was thinking something you can test, I'm really curious about this, since SP fans are good for pushing the air to the radiator and sp is for pulling the air, can you make a video of the following: (please do) 2 SP fans at the bottom of the rad pushing the air 2 AF fans at the top of the rad pulling the air 1. Set up A would be both fans are spinning on the same rpm 2. Set up B would be SP fans are spinning faster than AF fans (since my theory is SP fans works properly on blockage) 3. Set up C would be AF fans are spinning faster than SP fans (for better pulling Please do try I am really a fan on your videos, I've been watching it building my own PC
Great video Jay. I just bought a H110i GT and I think I'll go with a Push config in the top of my corsair carbide air 540 case.
eh 69 dislikes
8:13 an ice cream sandwich
lmao, coconut monkey...we need more of him on the show lol
Interesting I have a 140mm radiator triton and the v21 core so I use push because i cannot get the door back on , I am considering removing it soon and replacing with a swift tech h140x
i do notice a different in noise though. i have a 295x2 rad that is an exhaust. i recently changed it from push (fan on inside of rad) to a pull (fan outside of rad, closer to case grill) and it seemed louder
That opening was fucking hilarious lol.
git~
I don't get the need for complex fan controllers and/or multiple splitters with multi-fan configurations.  Buy good quality high RPM PWM fans, mine are 3000RPM Corsair SP series, connect all the PWM control and one RPM monitor to the MB header, then provide power to the fans direct from the PSU, which is simple enough with a modular PSU.  With 9 fans, 6 of which are running push/pull on a 360mm Alphcool Monsta cooling an IvyBridge CPU and X-Fire 7970s, the fans run at 750-800RPM with the system at idle and are (effectively) inaudible.  During stress testing the fans run at 1200-1400RPM which is audible but not intrusive.  Neither the CPU or the GPU has ever been over 43C.  As an aside, the pump, an EK DDC, is on the same PWM control system.  Disconnecting the PWM control from the MB allows the fans (and pump) to run at full RPM but doesn't assist cooling.  The fans are properly gasketed to the radiator and the gaps between the fans are sealed to ensure the airflow goes through the radiator instead of out between the gaps between the (rather badly designed) frames of the SP fans.  Yes, it means custom cabling, but if you are doing that anyway, it's just as tidy and easy (or easier) to do it this way as any other.
So pretty much, a push/pull with 2 fans at 800rpm is the same as a push with a fan at 1600rpm?
I understand what you are explaining, but what I am not sure of is which way your fans are blowing on the rads? Are you sucking air in with the front and blowing out through the top? The reason why I am asking is I have a water cooler on the way (Sedion 120v) going into my Cooler Master 130 Elite. And I'm trying to figure out if I should be pushing air from inside the case, through the rad to the outside or if I should be pulling air from outside, through the rad, to inside the case. I've never run a water cooler before, so I am unsure how much heat will be generated from the rad considering I have no other fans extracting air from the case. My Antec 620w High Current Gamer has the fan on the top, sucking air into the case from the top and blowing it immediately out the back. So unless I turn the PS around, all I have is passive vents to release air blowing into the case. Is that enough? Would you suggest a push/pull on the rad with the fan currently in the case along with the fan that will come with the cooler? This is my setup... Give me your thoughts on how you would install your PSU and your water cooler, if it were system. Cooler Master Elite 130 (side 80mm fan not installed at the moment) AMD X4 860k Antec 620w high current gamer ASRock FM2A88X-ITX+ 2x 8gb GSkill Ripjaws X Series PC1600 PowerColor R9 270 2g 1s 128gb Intel SSD (mounted under 3.5"bay) 1x 2TB WD Blue HDD (mounted on vertical side bracket) 1x 250gb Samsung EVO 850 (will be mounted on bottom of case beside MB) 1x LG DVD writer (obviously in the 3.5" bay)
I'm really curious as to what would happen if you use push/push or pull/pull. xD
people, dont use push!!! your radiator will be stuffed with dust in about a year. pull doesnt do that...
You always have the best water cooling vids my man - each component with it's own recommendations and basic guide
If you want to have the air flow through the case, or push out of the case, do you have to position your fans in any way? I don't know why but I've read somewhere that the blades positioning determines this.
The commercial was great xD
that face at 0:48 is scary
Great video! I would love to see a smoke video.
Best video on youtube of this topic. Forget Forums, Google image searches, articles. Just watch this Thanks to Jayz!
A good comment from your fellow tech reviewer, Linus Sebastian, he recommends Pull rather than Push as it is then better for the dust management (less build-up, more easy to clean). Also, same comment as I said on other video, the direction of the airflow has only very little impact, front to top or top to front, both OK.
What is the best configuration to mount the fans to cool down a AMD FX-9590 with a Corsair H100i GTX CPU cooler and MSI (2) R9 390X in crossfire inside a Corsair 900D case.
do you NEED the radiators in betwenn? isnt it enough to run the fans the way that they come when you buy the case? like, isnt this a configuration for just custom water cooling? (sorry, for the stupid question... im still a newbie)
Another interesting perspective would be to look at an automotive application in which fans typically will be mounted behind the radiator in a pull configuration. I imagine manufacturers do this because many times you have an AC condenser in front of your rad and when stopped the most effective volume to which you can exhaust your heat would be behind the rad and in front of the engine. Of course in that scenario you're also dealing with much more powerful fans that will draw usually a minimum of 30 amps on their own.
LOL THAT INTRO HAHA
INTAKE OR EXHAUST FOR CPU COOLING RADIATOR...SOME1 JUST TELL ME
you could improve the airflow if you look at the "Bernoulli's principle". Unfortunately, computer case are not designed large enough to fit it you needed space for one or two 200 or better still 240 mm fan´s in a narrowing tube, where at the narrowest point a 120 mm radiator is plugged in In addition you need for each fan a cone for the airflow not to swirl, that no noise is generated,visually similar to a wind tunnel. Unfortunately, I find no suitable image to show what I mean. p.s. I despair at times, to the translator aids. and just because I do not know all the words
Does anyone know what the small white case is?
That intro thou, reminds me of someone
Thank you sooo much. It made it so much easier to understand the process. I tried other videos but this one really helped me understand the process. Thank you.
I plug my fans in pull-pull. Because push-pull is mainstream. ????????
Hey Jay, Random time; What chair is that youre sitting on? Looks comfortable.
Hey +JayzTwoCents what do yu recommend me for a h100i GTX push? or pull?
Hey Jay. I think doing a smoke or something visual with air flow to prove your point about your predictions on air flow, Is necessary. Down right necessary to show us that your experience is true. We are show me people. I'd like to see you make a good prediction like that in this video and visually prove it.
Anyone know what that case is? Thanks
Hehe this video was funny maked me smile ^^, only first minute tho.
I do like pull generally simply because over the years I have noticed that dust accumulates much less at the radiator than in push configurations every time I've done it. Anyways, Great Video! Much agreed on the Cooling Differences! :)
Nice lecture... I plan on at some point going from an AIO to a custom build.. Very informative.. Thank you!
Push set ups will make it much harder to clean, gathering dust, and reducing cooling performance. That goes for push/pull as well obviously.
ok, so if the fan is in top of the case then the radiator, will itbe ok for the fan to be pull? so the fans is sucking hot air from inside the case though the radiator to the outside, will this be ok?
"I need help at bee" ROFL - best comm ever.
Should I balance the ammount of intake / exhaust fans? With my case that'd be 2 intake on the front and 1 on the bottom then 2 exhaust on top and 1 on the back. I'm just not so sure about the bottom fan, Will it really intake that much air being on the bottom?
So, you always want the front fans to pull or push air INTO the case and the other fans in the case to exhaust the air OUT?  Am I right on this?  If you added a radiator to the bottom of the case, would you exhaust or intake?
1:29 I really like that voice XD
Hey @JayzTwoCents Unfortunately I don't get to watch your videos often, but I'm pleasantly surprised at how far you've come on your weight loss and fitness. Ride safe, bro.
we need to see this
hey @JayzTwoCents will you be getting the inwin 909 case?
I am really interested in what is that white case Jay has in this video. I'm kinda bored by my old black semi-plastic mid tower and looking to buy a nice, white, full metal case with simple, yet stylish design(for that I mean no fancy stuff like glowing fans and neon lights all over the place).  Desires are: No PSU, no 9000 fans(3 or 4 places for fans is enough, 2 at the top, one in the back and another in the front), no 9000 drive bays, a bay for DVD R/RW, few USB ports, compatibility with MicroATX and ATX motherboards.  I know this isn't exactly a place to post this, but maybe somebody knows such a case which will not cost hundreds of dollars, but will fit my desires?
Liked just for the intro. Just perfect!
more videos about airflow and ideal positions for fans with setting up fan curves ohh and smoke and explosions (optional) :) cool video i like all the watercooling content you make :)
Love your videos! just wanted to say, your weight loss has been nothing short of incredible and I'm really happy for you =)
Havent watched your videos in a while, ur looking great man, dat weight loss
Most confusing video title 2k15 xD
Love the Tek Syndicate intro xD
dust on pull config in the top of the case is better to clean
i totally get this but wanna see a smoke demostration :v
Yes, please do a visual example of what talked about in this video. I would like to make my own computer and knowing little to nothing, seeing a visual example will be really helpful. Thank you! C:
what keyboard is that with the W A S D in orange? (can you post a amazon link to it?)
that should be nice to see how the fan work and proper placement and the different.
can you do the inscent test?
Anyone know coconut monkeys headset in the commercial?
Please keep up with the information density!
Nice car Jay, damn
On the topic of fans etc. I find it so strange that some brands actually decide to put arrows on their fans to indicated the fans rotational direction and airflow. What kind of people posses the capacity to operate a computer and not figure out the fans rotation and airflow direction. I am truly appalled. However as to Push vs Pull, I use always use pull. Simply because it makes cleaning the radiators from dust easier. Having the radiator fins unobstructed by fans means that you can simply run it over with your vacuum cleaner hose.
Hey,love your videos have a question... in a Push/pull setup,what is the best  "ST/AF","AF/ST" or is better use same fans?or doesnt have any diference?
2:30 What beginning? I have been building PCs for decades, and don't know anything about building water cool PC. So where to start?
Hey @JayzTwoCents You're thinner every week. Watching your older videos and the new ones, it's like going from Barnacules to Linus.
This is going to be a long comment. So in your setup you had the two rads I believe the front was pull and the top was push. Now because of the heat being produced in the computer case, might it be possible for the rad on the top to get a slight decrease in performance do to it pushing the hot air through the rad. I thought of this and would really like an answer. Thank you. And keep up the great view!
@JayzTwo Cents I'd really like to see the demo with smoke or incense. Not just out of curiosity for the airflow on your builds but I'd like the reference as I adjust my fan configuration.
@JayzTwoCents  Yes plz make a in depth video about exhaust/intake with smoke etc. Ty
What about a rad sandwich? Would one get better performance with say 2x 30 mm thick rads in a push / pull - push configuration vs 1x 60 mm thick rad?
great video! very informative, i would like to see the smoke video to show airflow, that wud be really cool !
More videos about airpressure within the case and air cooling would be cool!
DAMN jay you've lost a lot of weight ;)
more water cooling info love these videos.
Hey Jay what did you do with that Ultrawide monitor you reviewed?
Pull still has the advantage that Dust doesnt accumulate as much between the fan and the rad.
Nice fucking car!
what headset was your friend using
Alright, I seem to understand this Push, Pull and Push / Pull , but in a push set up, do you install the fans backwards?
Would love to see more on the airflow, maybe using some smoke to show the flow?
spoiler alert: push / pull, doesnt matter. do as you like.
Get the oneplus TWO invite here: https://oneplus.net/ca_en/invites?kolid=2AXW02
The intro was funny.
I found this very helpful, thanks :)
What's changed?
+1 for smoke video! I'd love to see it!
great video...actually learned alot.
Good stuff
Lost a lot of weight Jay! :)
Looking good Jay. I hope you continue to stay underweight and live healthy. Also, the video was really informative for my upcoming water cooler
+Jayztwocents Final Fantasy 7 called and they want their logo back.  :)
Jay should make ads, that one was super funny xD
What case is that?
Hey wow, you actually put some thought into your ads, unlike Linus who seems to hate everybody sending him free shit.
>can't hear what your saying with headphones directly on your ears >CAN hear the doorbell ring perfectly, no problem wat
Hey! JayzTheW0rld!
Holy shit a nearly quarter of an hour lecture of you just sitting and talking? Where are the numbers that back up your assertion that these are basically all equal? I believe you, but the format needs a change of scenery and some objective comparisons, rather than a dry call to authority.
Love your videos. Knowledge is power. Keep it up
http://pcpartpicker.com/user/raptorjesus713/saved/qyrscf hey guys im a pc noob but i decided i wanted to build myself a custom pc with the help of some of my friends. tell me if all this is good or bad or overkill etc thanks so much
Very informative. Thanks Jay!
has jay ever reviewed the cougar fans? they always seem to have good reviews has he done a top 5 or 10 120mm fan video?
Thank you for this video this helps me out a lot.
I'm about ready to do my setup but I don't know if I want to spend $ on waterblocks for my 2 780ti. Thinking of selling them and getting a single 980ti and watercooling that. Hmm
i've been thinking about a setup and would like your thoughts. next year i'm building a water cooled setup with the coolermaster stacker. putting my rads in a lower case away from my hardware. i have some TEC (peltiers) laying around and was thinking about sealing the case with my hardware then using the peltiers to cool the inside of that case. i know it won't help much in overclocking but just an idea
I thought push&pull configurations adds resistance to the rad, that's why I never used pus&pull. This might be the reason why some big CPU radiators sometimes have 2, even 3 fans.  Also, there are some low RPM low-profile fans that are half the thickness of a normal fan. So using 2 of those low-profile fans seems the same (in terms of thickness) as using one normal fan, but with the advantage of having both push&pull configuration, so basically, no compromises.
The intro made me crack up
What jay ment was dont let shity headsets ruin the experience lol
Please don't recommend people to use rads as exhaust. This recycles air that's already run through a radiator and heated. rear exhaust fan + psu exhaust is plenty
Can someone please give me the name of the case he is using?
when he said push/pull fans i started bleeding out of my ears
Looking forward to the static pressure video.Thanks
Will there not be a lot more dust clogging in push than in pull?
You're the man!
thanx jay i was gonna change my fans trying to drop temps but now i know it doesnt matter and i have good flow  keep up these kinds of vids
Main decider for me between push and pull is some fans (like the AP15's I have) make more noise when you have obstructions near the intake.. so they make a more tonal noise above say 1600rpm or so when in pull compared to push.
I have a question about push/pull and mixing fans.   I got the Corsair H105 for my old I7-950 about a month ago and have it setup to exhaust out the top as push/pull.  Here's the thing with it.  All the fans are very loud, especially the stock H105 fans.  So I set it up as 2x Corsair SP120 fans, pushing air at 80% fan speed, and the two stock H105 fans as pulling running at 60% to cut noise down.  Does this setup potentially cause any problems with air flow?  As for performance it seems to be good, but every little bit will help in these hot California summers.
go for the smoke test Jay btw, nice vids, keep it comming
would like to ask about fans such as NF-F12 PWM fans. They seem to be designed more for push? does it actually matter?
So, would a radiator be benificial to use even if air cooling? That's what he made it sound like to me.
as ever, i'll be content with using Pull for any Radiator. because it's almost like cheating with how easy it is to clean your Radiators then. a single wipe with a damp Paper Towel and you're done. it's too easy!
that commercial though
where can i find the radiator you are using? i want full white radiatorsbut i have only find black and white
I want an opinion on what cpu cooler I should get. Cooler Master Hyper 212 EVO 82.9 CFM Sleeve Bearing CPU Cooler - $25.98 NZXT Kraken X61 106.1 CFM Liquid CPU Cooler - $125.89 Corsair H100i 77.0 CFM Liquid CPU Cooler - $94.99 i have an Intel i7 4790k
Please do a video about the airflow of skunkworks with the smoke and everything! I am really interested in that kind of stuff and I'm always looking forward to perfect the airflow in my case! :D
nice vid!
you have turned skinnier!
Do you have any thoughts on this computer i am going to build? :-) MSI GeForce GTX 980 Ti Gaming 6GB Intel Core i7-4790K HyperX Savage DDR3 2400MHz 16GB Samsung 850 EVO 250GB SSD Cooler Master Hyper 212 Evo CPU Køler WD Desktop Blue 1TB NZXT H440 Midi Tower Sort Cooler Master V850, 850W PSU Gigabyte GA-Z97MX-GAMING 5, Socket-1150
Hello
but what about push push and pull pull, where the directions of 2 fans are either facing each other or away from each other. if it cancels out, wouldn't it start a cooling vortex that also rains cookies?
When I was building my loop, it was recommended that I run pull since push can result in dust build up between the fans and rad which require removing the fans to clean while pull does not.
Sometimes i get bored with the subject, sometimes i dislike what @JayzTwoCents is talking about, sometimes i just don't care what his video is about. But you gotta love the guy's production/video quality
Holy shit jay you lost a lot of weight! Congratz!!! :)
what if it was push push or pull pull ? xD
How should i control fan rpm's via software? I have 3 extra EK furious vardars (3000 rpm version) and it sounds like a jet taking off.
Dude, you look healthy now.  I saw some of your earlier vids and you are wayyyyy skinnier.  You work out bro?
Thanks for the video jay! I've recently just found your channel and I find your videos to be much more personal with the viewer compared to some other tech youtubers. I have an NZXT H440 case and This video explained a crap ton of how I wanted to have my fans and why I should have them! Just a quick question though. In skunk works you have 3 intake 5 exhaust at the top like you were saying, but what RPM's do you have your intake and exhaust fans set at?
I'd be interested to see the effects of radiators on airflow!
i agree with you on most accounts here, although there are exceptions to the rule. for example there are tests that point towards fans with low static pressure performs better in push than pull, you also have fans like the eloops that have noise issues when set in pull if the  distance to the radiator is to low
Nice job explaining the various configurations. I've been saying I'll water cool my next machine for about 10 years but end up air cooling each time. I found everything you said here to make perfect sense and it should be easy to understand for anyone looking to get into water cooling (like I STILL am). Thanks Jay.
I'n thinking about building a small gaming rig. It's been a while since  I build a computer and this video help me a lot. Can someone tell me the name of the small white case showcased on this video?
Do a series like "Jay's school" because that's what this video felt like...
Cool with Tek Syndicate
You sound like the giant from Twin Peaks
I would assume pull would heat up the fan motor a bit more but that's all.
Excellent video with a simple explanation that even a dimwit like me can understand.
my actual confusion is whether or not you make the radiator fans as exhaust or intake if it is mounted on top. Some people say if you make the fans as exhaust hot air will blow through the radiator and make the cpu temp go higher, on the other hand making it an intake will make airflow on the case all wrong as heat rises. So which one is better?
Man that front splitter and canards to really well with the 350z
Good to have you Jay on youtube to answer this "simple" questions about quantity of fans, static pressure and all that stuff.
I would not use any combination involving (push or pull) with a radiator as an intake tho, that would just heat up your case and other components. Anything with a radiator needs to be an exhaust if yea ask me.
Lovin' the new intro. Nice and minimalist!
Air Pressure video would be awesome!
Good vid...good explanation of thermal cooling.  I would love to see the demo of Positive pressure systems...using smoke would be a benefit.
like the new intro (y)
Is Push pull not a debate of noise ? Because in my wood case, which isn't watercooled, when my pull/intake fan is in the case it's vey noisy. But when it's out of the case, like the push/extractor fan, it's less noisy... Someone agree ?
I am just trying to learn about about computer building and don't quite understand why you would have  a radiator on the exhaust side, aren't you just passing warm air through the cooling fins rather than cold?
Liked your old intro better.
lol
I'd love to see a video about case pressure with smoke!
Wow, check out that weight loss. You look great Jay! Keep up the good work!
LOL that intro tho
I think doing some examples of postive case pressure would be awsome jay.
@JayzTwoCents please talk about optimal cases (non Case Labs xD) for water cooling. The most roomy,  radiator capable, etc etc ones. Thnx for ur amazing vids
Hell yeah I'd love to see some testing with smoke or vapor to see what happens under different pressure situations (pos or neg) Keep up the good work Jay!!
One item I have never heard addressed is if the heat coming off the radiator affects the performance or lifespan of a fan.  If a fan is in a pull position then it is getting a fair amount of heat and with the many different types of fan motors out there does the heat really affect the fans and how much?  Also with the resistance the fans encounter pushing/pulling air does that affect the lifespan?
I thought that was an ad placement for a better mic. Lol
Oh god Jay, Logan's gonna sue your ass. lol :)
Jay, I want to see you build a new version of your old "ghetto water coolers" Your the man on water cooling. Apparently you did this in the past.  A  "Water Festivus" for the rest of us ! :)
MY IDEA! THE INCENSE WAS MY IDEA!!!!
What about push/push and pull/pull?! Only 3/5ths of a review...
I'm new to radiations and liquid cooling and very much appreciate the explanation about pull vs push. I understand about positive pressure but I can't seem to understand why would you want to pull hot air from the front radiator into the case and use that hot air to cool the top radiator ? Would it be better for that case to have front airflow fans, push or pull radiator on top as exausht for GPU and single rad exhaust on the back? I very much appreciate the feedback. Love the channel!
Hi Jay (or whoever is reading this),. I would like someone's opinion on whether to get an Intel or AMD based processor. (BEFORE you respond and fanboy about anything, please be sure you are unbiased), as well as options to get cheaper, equal performance hardware :D Here are the two setups:  __Intel based:__ (http://ca.pcpartpicker.com/p/GGY7bv) $1857 Intel i7-4790k 4.0GHz (4 core) Swiftech H220-X liquid CPU cooler Asus SABERTOOTH z97 MK.2 ATX motherboard G.Skill Ripjaws X Series DDR3-1600 ram 240GB OCZ 100 (SSD)  Seagate Barracuda 2TB 7200rpm HDD Gigabyte GeForce GTX 970 4GB WINDFORCE 3X NZXT H440 case (silent) EVGA SuperNOVA GS 550W 80+ Gold Windows 10 __AMD based:__ (http://ca.pcpartpicker.com/p/Fd6xvK) $1717 AMD FX9590 4.7-5.0 GHz (8 core) Swiftech H220-X liquid CPU cooler Asus M5A99FX PRO R2.0 ATX motherboard G.Skill Ripjaws X Series 16GB (2 x 8GB) DDR3-1866 ram 240GB OCZ 100 (SSD)  Seagate Barracuda 2TB 7200rpm HDD Gigabyte GeForce GTX 970 4GB WINDFORCE 3X NZXT H440 case (silent) EVGA SuperNOVA GS 550W 80+ Gold Windows 10 THANKS :)
Love the TekSyndicate intro
Will high airflow intake fans against high static pressure exhaust fans create negative pressure?
Shirts are nice, same guy makes Paul and Kyles shirts. As far as push vs pull goes, i use push on my H101i on my 750D case . for one thing it looked better, another thing is that even though i have a 4770k @ 4.4 it NEVER goes over 51c under heavy load, however the ambient temp in the room is usually 25-26 c. One thing you did not mention about pull only, it actually heats up the fans, think about it, the motor will get hotter.  another nice vid Jay, #moreNick
Can you do a video on DX12 or i7 benefits in the future? :)
This was very helpful, thank you for this.  I'm looking to switch to liquid cooling in my Corsair 250D, but wasn't sure where to start.  Looking forward to further discussion on this topic.
wow Jay you lost so much weight already, good job!
Wow , good arnold impression
I see what you did there!
yep jay do the smoke thing always wanted to know how to check for positive over negative
Love the new intro Jay
Im sure he couldnt hear you with his headphones on because his fans were too loud, retard wow.
Which is best for a 240mm rad? Front intake or top exhaust? Not sure top exhaust will be a good idea since it'll take hot air from the case through the rad. On the other hand front intake will blow the hot air from the rad back to the case. Not sure also a good idea for the gpu. Little bit confused.
That "promo video" or what you call it.. The one with the B and the fans, that was fun to watch compared to your normal "here is a product i get sponsored with" you know what i mean (Not complaining or anything, just saying do more "sketch" "promo videos" :) )
That intro ad XD
Hei Jay. I would really like to see a vid about how to PLAN and MAKE a complete custom water loop. How do I know where I need to cut and bend hard tubing? How can I cut hard tubing without any special tools? How do I make a good drain system? What else do I need to keep in mind? I would really appreciate it if you could make something about this topic. Keep up the good content :)
Jay!!!! Omg???? i drive a 350z too!!!!!
Jayz the best
As usual, very well presented. Yes, we would like more!
Jay, before I can continue watching your video I have to say I'm so jealous of your car.
Smoke them please!
While there is no difference between push and pull in terms of cooling, there is a difference in the amount of effort it will take to clean the dust that accumulates.  With pull, the dust will get caught on the fins of the radiator away from the fan and be easy to wipe off with a cloth but while in push the dust will again get caught on the fins but it will be between the fan and radiator so in order to clean it you would have to remove the fans.  This is just one other thing to think about when making the decision between push and pull.
Hi JayZ, nice video. I have Define R5 case, and i'm wondering since i want to put Nepton 280L water cooling in it, is front position good to put it, and which setup should i use, push or pull? Your advice will be very helpful.
I lolled when i saw the ad at the start...great job!! This way advertising is the best way to do it
dat advertisement xD
video with fire would ROCK!
Wait, did jay lose some weight? That shirt makes Him look lighter than usual
Do the demonstration ! :O
Please to the case pressure with smoke!!!
hahahahahahaha that ad was the best one yet xD
Hey Jay, good video as usual, love your work, keep it up. Btw, you're a bit wrong, you say push is equal to pull, it depends on the fan also. I'm not totaly sure but confident about what i'm gonna write. I have read that nb-eloop were designed to be used in push configuration, pull will cause a abnormal noise and a degradation of the performance and the lifetime of the fan. For other brands, like the ek vardar and fractal venturi it's said they have been design to work both with pull or push config so they are fine in both situation.  Still a great video and a well explained tutorial for watercooling rookies ! :)
all that skin tho >.<
Experiments with smoke for positive/negative pressure??? Bring it on Jay!!! Stuff like this is rare and I would shurely enjoy a video about it!!! Thumbs up if you other watercooling freaks agree and demand the same!!! :)
HE NEEDS HELP AT B
Jay, would an i5 4790k and MSI GTX 970 be enough for games like CS:GO and battlefield 4?
He looks like a confused alien.
Hey Jay, any thoughts on a video for whether or not you should upgrade to Windows 10?
I would like to see more on positive and negative airflow using the fans.
btw, first time i mounted the push-pull on the h100i, i fuck*d up the side of the fans so i basically had a pull-pull config, makin it a mess of a turbolence in the radiator...on my 3570k@ 4.2ghz it meant +10° compared to the correct config. so almost 50° in idle(very hot summertime) vs almost 40° in idle(similar weather conditions.) ;)
hello ! I have a question:can I Crossfire a radeon 5850 HD with a r9 390 ?
DAT SPONSOR SPOT! LOL! GREAT VIDEO JAY!
PLEASE HELP! Great video as allways. Love your vids. I was wondering if you might be able to help me with my system. I don`t know if you are reading comments, if not i would appreciate it if anyone else here could come with some ideas. I have AMD Phenom 2 x4 965 BE cpu in Asus Crosshair 4 Formula mobo and when i try to install 16gig 1600 mhz it wont boot up even when using the memOK button on my mobo. The weird thing is when i install 1x4 of these rams it boots up and everything is ok. But when i put in another module i get this: 8gig installed,4gig usable. So my pc reserves 4gig to hardware reserve. Any idea guys?
If you have the 240 rad blowing into the pc wont that bring excess heat inside?
little question gus : do you think my system will have a balanced airflow? in intake, i have : 2 hi speed ones and one hi pressure but with a rad on it in outtake i have : 1 hi speed fan and 2 normal fans wath do you guys think?
my two cents..on a HAF XB (bulkier case ever)with a H100i, i got 2 pairs of 120 noctua fan in push pull outside to the inside. It works best for my setup.
heard you talking about the 350z on the techtalk...now that i see it i understand why you are so proud, its stunning beautiful..and its way more radical looking than the 370, the shapes are cleaner, more pure. love it.
I understood everything that you explained Jay but as a water cooling noob, why would you pull the front radiators hot air into your system over your motherboard and graphics card as opposed to pushing it out the front and use the bottom & rear as intakes ? Great stuff as always...
You forgot something important Jay! In pull configuration, removing dust is WAY easier. In push you have to remove the fan to clean the radiator wich is a hazzle. In pull you can just take a strip of packing tape and stick it on the radiator, then when you pull it off it's covered in dust.
Yes please do examples for positive pressure etc.. Excellent idea to use smoke/incense.
Jay you are the man. The smoke and stuff to see how the fans work would be awesome.
Yes please, more videos on cooling/airflow!
Like the water cooling educational vids.
Great vid jay I would like to see an airflow vid on the define S both watercolled and air cooled to see what is the best setup for it
Smoke demonstration would be awesome
Thanks Jay.....explained very well
Hey JayZ, nice video man, again. I need your opinion. I have Define R5 case, and i want to put Cooler Master Nepton 280L water cooling in front, and, can you tell me is that good position, or should i put it on top and what setup to have, push or pull. Thanks.
can u do a video of what sli or crossfire actually does
I kept thinking you were saying "allah" at 5:32, took me a few replays to realise you probably meant the French "a la" lol
A smoke visualizer for air flow would be a pretty helpful Video please :)
Awesome job on the weight loss! What a difference from last year to now :)
You drive a 350z on xxr D:
I have a 300 cfm intake on my side panel am i doing it right ? :D
Maybe could you do a video on the fan control software you use?
Jays this was a very Good video man :) Very informative :) All tho i have not done a custom loop my self lol Don't even know where to buy the fittings or anything
dat arm flab
Did Linus not do a video a while back saying to only do pull because push can trap dust in the radiator?
That intro though.
The only difference is how long is your fan gonna last. The fan that is pulling hot air trough itself is gonna have heat on the bearings and last that much shorter. Small difference but K.
Yes , we would like Jayz to show more example how air flow to turn down the temperature. THANKS.
omg you drive a 350z?!?! Can You make a Video about it? :)
Thanks for this video but how you control speed of fan with program or controller??
loved that intro..made me laugh
What headphones/headset is that
Why would you blow hot air into the case from the front radiator. The top radiator gets hotter in that case ..
The tek?
0:47 made my day :D
No difference? What about dust build up?
If that Nissan is yours then please make a video about it :D, oh god it was so sexy~
dat 350z tho <3
Your looking really well @JayzTwoCents those bike ride's must be doing the trick ;-)
I run a i7-4771 at 3.5Ghz with a Corsair h100i with noctuas sp fans in pull at about 250RPM at idle and get about 35°C. Under extended gaming it goes to 52°C max. Then the fans are somewhere at 600-800
Much like anything that has constant 'resistance' in its name (electronics, plumbing, hvac)...push and pull don't matter. One thing I want to see is comparison of push+pull to pushpush or pullpull (same fans, same resistance, should be same result).
One thing Jay failed to mention or at least I didn't hear him say it, correct me if I'm wrong, is that when you use a push configuration dust is much more prone to get trapped on the rad between the fan and the rad. This is why I choose to use pull 99% of the time. Unless like in your case you go for aesthetics, in which case you'd rather put in work so it looks better.
in my H440 i have a kraken X41 with a thick rad with 2 corsair high static pressure fans in push pull i actually saw a big increase in cooling. the thickness wasnt an issue because the rad is mounted in the front and it cant be seen through th window. i didnt have a clearance issue either, as far as the acoustics it is dead silent. i actually got scared when i turned it on and heard nothing (i had a really loud pc before i upgraded) and my fridge in the kitchen is the only thing i can hear when i dont have my ceiling fan on
What headset model is the triton?
smoke!!!
The Teksyndicate beginning was really interesting!
Excellent vid, so much info condensed! Also you're looking thinner by the day!
Hey @JayzTwoCents, where is the GTX 980 vs AMD R9 390X?
That flabby arm skin reminds me of Click.
I love those fractal ads :'D
love the ad! :D
Love your nissan!!
Oh you got a new chair :P Is there a review comming on that, too?
TeiSyndiCents
great video thanx, lerned a lot!
Here is a question. You have the two front fans on pull on those radiators. Wouldn't that be pulling hot air into the case?  I am sure you will say that you have more than enough exhaust fans to make up for it, but are the aesthetics really worth it? Also, and maybe I missed a video somewhere, why do you need four radiators? Sorry. five radiators. I ask these questions in all sincerity. I love your videos. (Forgive me if this was said before. There are a lot of comments down there and I don't have time to go through them all.)
Instructions unclear, dick got stuck in Cpu Socket
nice car
Hey Jay, what's happening at caselabs? Only cases in black now ??
Just as I was wonder what way to have my fans on my rad you make this video... how convenient!
Sooo, push-pull is the best cooling configuration, if you have plenty of space?
That intro was perfect
Jay i love you and your channel! Im just trying to make your life a bit better but i may be stepping out of my zone by saying this and im sorry if it offends you in any way. Anyways, you seem respond alot to the negative comments and i think you would be more pleased or happier, not to say youre not either of those but you replying to the mean comments is literally only making them happy and giving them what they wanted. I understand trying to put people in their place when they are rude but that just simply doesnt work on the internet, youtube especially. Im 99.99% sure you already know this but theres always that small chance with everything. :)
Nize Nizzan 350Z JayZ =)
I heard push configuration was the best, so I went with a push-push configuration, yet my temperatures reach up to 80C, can someone help?
Aren't those fans attached to that radiator in the front of the case blowing in hot air? Wouldn't that reduce cooling inside your case? Then the top radiator fans blowing hot air to cool the radiator on top?
It's funny because Americans don't understand the metric system.
Like for the ad at the beginning :D
u look good jay, and nice car & video
TL:DW; it doesn't matter^^
i want tea, no i don't see any trouble at b, no i said i want tea!, yes i pay my fees drives over to my friend i want tea, ooooohhh.... that's what you were saying, yes, so can i have some tea now? Oh sorry, i don't drink tea. NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO!!!!!
@JayzTwoCents is that actually your 370z? Holy shit that is nice
I understand you. I love your channel keep up the good work
The parity between (single) push vs. (single) pull has been well documented in a few different places.  If folks won't believe simple hard data, no point debating them. I would however be interested to see some temp./air-flow ratios compared on push-pull stacks vs. one-side-only fans -- i.e. examples of exactly HOW MUCH rpms can be cut down by adding a second set of fans on 30mm and 45mm radiators.  (I sort of assume anything thicker than 45mm rads need either push/pull by default, or REALLY high rpm/pressure fans, which defeats the purpose of water-cooling, i.e. too noisy).  I think the key to this question is fin density differences between different rads.  (And of course any aluminum-fin radiators need higher fin-density and/or MUCH higher fan speeds to keep up with good copper-fin rads.) Also, a visual smoke-flow demo on Skunkworks, would be really cool to demonstrate the flow-balance issues (incl. differing rpm settings) you were describing.
Hahaha thats awesome that intro lol
Hey thanks for the video, but i would like it if you did do a video on the positive and negative presure. I have NZXT switch 810 case and I am running a 240 rad with push pull config for intake. And also I hve a 360 rad in push pull config on top for exhuast. Is it better to have more fans for intake or exhuast? Can you do a video to show which is better. Keep up the great work....
Love the intro. Nice car btw.
1, ur awsome! 2, Sweet video! 3, your car is freaking awsome!
What are some good 140mm air flow fans?
You copied their music. Now convert to linux. Or else.
ok having the top as exhaust = running already hot air though your radiator?? ps Want pressure vids!
is 120mm radiator enough to cool quad core cpu?
dayum jay, what car was that?
nice z cameo
Great intro and one of the best commercials i have ever seen. also great how to.
may I say from my experience and from web there is little difference/ advantage between pull vs pull. Basically if you use pull configuration, you will gather dust on the other side of fans, what is easier to clean than having push configuration and you gather dust between fans and radiator and then having to take them down to clean dust. But it's only little advantage, I still use push/pull config on both loops :) great video.
Honestly, the only way you should set up your fans is pulling air through the rad. Let me explain- when you have air pushing through the rad, any dust will get caught between the fins and the fan/radiator. How do you clean the properly? You need to take off the fans. Yea. If you just do pull, the dust settles on the opposite side of the radiator where you can get a hoover or compressed air and clean it easily. I would always go with Jayz recommendation but in this case it's just not practical. The temperature difference is not much anyway and it saves you a LOT of hassle. My current setup with water-cooling will have a positive air pressure, 4 fans on a bottom rad pulling, 4 fans on a top rad also pulling and two intake fans. All filtered to limit the dust in the case. As I said and so did Jay, push or pull make almost no difference so... go with pull to save time.
Damn that car is sexy, is it yours jay?
Ooooor, you air cool the whole rig and have it dead silence and cheaper. Just sayin'...
You own a 350z?! nice. Twin turbo model? whats done too it?
Wouldn't the best option be to have both rads as intake? Then you wouldn't be exposing the second rad to the firsts rads heat. Also you have the PSU fan that will be exhausting air as well so you'll still have even more exhausts even if you add the 3rd rad to the bottom.
I wil l admit the only way I do mine is pull. It cme down to cleaning. It's so mm ice easier to clean the dust out in a pull configuration then a push. Personal preference and h ok neatly I tested all way and no found no difference in temperatures.
Nice video. Note that the temperature of the air pulled through the radiator matters, so the one mounted on the front provides maximum cooing on the radiator but can heat up the ambient temperature inside the case. For balance cooling, mounting it on top where the hottest air are expelled is what I prefer.
1:18 insert dick joke
when i heard the music i knew it in a heart beat and than yelled" TekSyndicate" am i the only one that did that?
vlog for your Nissan please
how did you lose weight so quickly? what has been your process please let me know
I have one fan pushing and one pulling through my 240mm rad, swag
I'm building a PC this summer and as the collection of my parts come close to complete, I was wondering how I should set up my fans on an NZXT H440 with a 240mm radiator. A video on getting neutral or positive air pressure with radiators would be awesome.
Smoke and incense please! ^_^
h???e???l?l??o¯ ?ca??n? y?o?u ?r?ea??d? t??h?i??´s???
losing weight like a boss
Hey jay, so I have a question... I totally understand the push pull with rads. I personally run SLI titanX Hybrids. They each have a 120MM rad/120mm fan attached. When installing them, I put them on the top of my case as a push config.. I was going to put them on the front of the case as a pull but I thought that because the rad is meant to expel the heat, that using a pull config would just be bringing a ton of extra heat into my case. But I see that youre using a pull config on the front of this build... Wont pulling the heat in to the case through the rad increase the ambient temperature inside the case and therefor heat up the compnents more?
Oh and good job on the weight loss. You really dropped it off fast. Seems like yesterday you were a fluffy man :P
Triton AX720 Pros. Old models? I loved that headset. Triton's were my first headset.
what case is that?? the little white one??
What is the better config in my Enthoo Luxe? The Enthoo Luxe has dust filters at the top, bottom and front. If I would switch the rear to intake, I would buy an aftermarket 140mm dust-filter. People seem to favor the top as exhaust due to two reasons: - Most of the dust build-up is at the top, if the top is configured as intake it will pull the dust into the case. - Hot air physically rises, when the top is set as exhaust its performance will profit from this. // 1 // Top: 3x eLoop Fans in Push on top of a 360mm Radiator, Intake. Rear: 1x 140mm Fan, Exhaust. Front: 3x 120mm Fan, Intake (two at the front grill, one attached to the hdd cages). OR // 2 // Top: 3x eLoop Fans in Pull on top of a 360mm Radiator, Exhaust. Rear: 1x 140mm Fan, Intake. Front: 3x 120mm Fan, Intake (two at the front grill, one attached to the hdd cages). I've currently got it configured like in Option 1, but I'm still waiting for my 980 Ti G1 Gaming (since 2 weeks) which is why I can't really test the system.
hey jay, can i use air flow fans if i only do pull config?
That intro where you drive to his house. Lol! That made my day! I need help at B!
That intro was great. Great vid as always!
Name (that i already said last video) TOXIC SNOW!!!! Plz hit the like so jay will see And plz mention my name :cool deeeeee kind
would be great to see the examples of positive pressure... :)
Nice car @JayzTwoCents
You get a thumbs up just for the sketch comedy bit. :D
Concise. Thanks for mentioning the use of incense as a flow guide; I never thought about that.
i LOVE the intro... i like it much better than the old one. it feels retro and just. good like
What case is that? I currently have an InWin 901 and want to upgrade...
"Push-pool"
Damn Jay, you are looking great!
that car :(
Would totally love to see some case airflow pressure videos. I usually have to do a monthly cleaning in my case to ckean up a lot of built up dust. Could just be my pkace is messy, but doubtful. Could be negative airflow, dunno. Would be nice to find out.
def loved this. i would find more airflow stuff interesting. still havent nailed that knowledge down on my builds. I'd also like to learn more about RAM. specifically when OC'ing, andthe meaning of all the specs in RAM cards. (i still dont understand timing numbers)
Hey jaystwocents I'm trying to buy a 200$ graphics card Sapphire Radeon R9 270X Video Card - 4GB GDDR5, PCI-Express 3.0 (x16), Overclocked - 11217-04-20G but I might need a new processor because it's only dual core do you think it is needed to upgrade from dual to an quad or 8 core I only have 320$ by the way please help if u don't read this that would suck but it's highly possible so if you do thank you and please help!
Typical american to call things something as push-pull. Im just thinking Who would make a push-push or pull-pull configuration? Okay, so why not call it a radiator with two fans on?
thx for the info it was great
Holy crap you got thin, Nice one dude :)
Nice Z :)
more please!
Only 40 secs in and love the effort put behind this video. Awesome job !
jay, no homo, but DAMN YOU SLIMMED DOWN...looking back at the video from project redmist's build vlog the change is just night and day!..
Dose anyone know where to get fan screws for a corsair aio
I am probably getting a new pc soon and was thinking of water cooling it so these videos are going to help. I don't know if you know a joe Rafferty or how ever you spell his name but he is helping me with some of the parts.
umm, this video rocked.
Yay 370Z!
How can you still hear the fans while wearing headphones? Lol, still a good skit tho
Am I the only one who thought the push pull config looked like an oreo?
2 of my favourite youtubers in a video. :) wish you were on the tek more often. also great video. will you ever continue this as a series? like howtobasicwatercool ?
Please do the demo with smoke! that's going to be really useful, I just put my H60 on a Push Pull configuration, and the amount of noise that my system gain is crazy. Going back to push configuration.
dat fairlady tho D:
Been waiting for you to do a video on this very topic for quite awhile. Thanks Jay!
I think the smoke example would be pretty cool and informative.
Maybe im strange but i kept getting distracted by the arm jiggle...
@JayzTwoCents 0:42 350Z Teaser!
please go back to your music bro
You drive a sick ass 350Z...I'm so jelly
god damn, you're looking very healthy man, grats
Would it be better go to SP Push and AF Pull?
Thanks for this video! I finally got a clear answer on push vs. pull. Thanks @JayzTwoCents !
Dat fan commercial, tho! :)
Lol, best intro yet.
Sorry, I am rather new to this whole thing. I know that this is not really something to worry about, but could you do something on case lighting? LED fans don't quite cut it.
350z Dawm !
Im getting a computer a week from now but i wanna water cool it and not spend so much money (OC my FX-6300) Is there any brand that comes with every part you need? Radiator, pump, tubing, etc. I dont wanna spend more then $100. A little over $100 is fine but not to crazy. :-)
Yay for Zweihänder! Better link for the music: https://zweihander.bandcamp.com/
I'd love a video on calculating how much resistance a radiator is going to do!
you would want your fans away from the vents so push will have them behind the radiator this will help cut down on noise a bit :) , but JayzTwoCents is 100% correct push / pull has no effect on cooling :) . I like sealing my fans with hot glow to make sure there is no air leak
Push cooling = pull cooling.  I GET IT. It's been said a million times. That argument should be over by now, as stated. The experiments have been repeated over and over, and we need to move on. In particular, we need to talk about a couple other things. First, I often hear that pull is better because it's easier to clean the dust off the rad without a fan covering the dusty side. And then there's noise, another prime consideration in building. Does putting the fans behind the rad in the case reduce noise significantly? The merits of these arguments should be discussed rather than rehashing old debates.
YESS!!! omg that intro got me LMFAO!!! i love the tek! ugh yesss 10/10 intro!!!!
right arm is flabby enough. very distracting.
i dont use a fans on my systems radiators, i use a small child with a banana leaf
Ok so I need some help. I have a pc case that has two fans on the side panel of the case and one of those fans will not give me clearance on my cpu cooler. Should I take off that fan or get a low profile cpu and leave the fan on as an extra intake fan?
Hi @JayzTwoCents I need your help about some issues, if you or somebody can help me I'll be grateful. First of all, I'm sorry for my english, I'm from Argentina and english it's hard for me sometimes, so I hope you can understand me. My 'porblem' is about the NZXT Phantom 820 because as you may know that case got a fan on the top (a big one) and I want to buy a H100i (for my processor) and some people said me "you can't do that 'cause the pull/push system will fail" So is that right or can I do that build without troubles?  And my other question is: the fans of the radiator (H100i) gonna push out the heat of inside the case and the heat of the processor or just the heat of the processor? Thank you very much for any advice, and I'll be glad to read any helpful comment.  *btw I got to say, I love your work in this chanel, I'd learn a lot of things, and I can say "I know what I want to build" Thanks!
So you are pulling cool air through a hot radiator, heating it up, then pushing that heated air through another hot radiator thinking you're going to cool it (the radiator, not the air) down? I don't have green blood or pointy ears, but I think that sounds illogical. Am I missing something?
Man these new product plugs are so good hahaha
Would love to see an updated positive/negative case pressure. I'm currently running 2 140's unrestricted as intake and 2 140's in pull on a rad and one very slow 120mm on the back as exhaust. I don't really know if I'm getting positive pressure.
@JayzTwoCents do talk about the 3 intake 5 exhaut fan with resistance! :D
Nice ride you have there. I'm so freaking jealous! I only have a Honda CRV.
use the smoke
First? Hopefully not to be molested
nice car
I'm really glad that Jay, Jerry, Paul, the Tek Syndicate guys and the LTT guys are all friends. They're all the main reason I keep coming back to YouTube. I would love to have more watercooling tutorials in the future, as I may eventually decide to get into it. I don't really overclock though. I haven't really had a reason/the money to. Also, I really like Logan's music over your moderately/fast paced biking videos, just like you had at the end. You may have to borrow some more music from him for when you do more biking videos. EDIT: Jesus, I forgot about Kyle. I'M SO SORRY KYLE! :)
So flow. Many air. Very learned.
Do the video, and the information is not too much.
but jay you forgot push/push and pull/pull
when i opened this video i wasn't looking at my screen, so i totally thought i was watching the tek
love this vid!!!! very informative jay..
That moment when you are early, but you can't think of a dirty joke to make....
I did similar testing, push and pull were within margin of error, push/pull showed a few degree difference with quite a bit more noise. Push or pull with a fan shroud was by far the quietest setup and came in-between  the performance of just push, pull and push/pull. I ended up going with a pull setup with a fan shroud
i would always recommand having the rad directly on the case, as it is heavier. doesnt really matter but better safe than sorry, and its probably helping the vibration from the fans ^^
If you swapped the push and pull in the white one, itll be ALOT easier to clean out the rads from dust :)
Would love to see a visual demonstration of pressure/flow. And thanks for another great video.
Can you make a video to explain about negative and positive pressure? I will appreciate greatly because I get confused with it. Nice video :)
My case is having 2x 120mm IN and 3 Fans out (2x 140mm + 1x120mm). My frontal intake is being done by the Corsair H100i cpu cooler rad with double 120mm. The reason for mounting them + the radiator (Duhh) on the front is just because those fans at max RPM are loud as crap. So i am using a Fan controller (like jay) by software. I am using the one called SpeedFan, and does the job outstandingly good!
I got my fan pushing air through the radiator as exhaust.   This is optimal for the airflow in my case!
Damn Jay! Your looking great! Also, nice 370z! Sick car!
Does Jay drive a 370z? I didn't know he was into imports and modified cars.
why not do a push push or a pull pull?
These ads are s funny
That tan line tho... trolololol
Good advice.  Nice job with the summary!
How old are you?
nice ride...
The promo at the beginning was funny.
you forgot/denied 1 topic.... dust!
Hey Jay, I'm wanting to do a Logitech Blue themed build, so far I know I'm going to use the NZXT H440 in blue, but I don't really know of many light blue themed mobo's or RAM. I'm thinking of throwing in a couple of water cooled 980ti's using the little mod you showed on an EVGA probridge to keep everything blue and black. Any advice you can offer would be greatly appreciated
Would love to see how to accomplish positive pressure with more exhaust than intake fans
at 4:48 it looks like your top mounted fans are on backwards, creating a pull configuration not a push configuration. .-.
This video helps me and my folks at B.
jay you look like a starving african kid, go stuff your face with ice cream
Your wathercooling videos are amazing Jay !! Keep it going :D
nice car Jay
I commented on one of your videos but you no respond to me ;~;
That intro dude... I wish you do for others. sigh
To borrow a phrase from Jerry, mobo fan headers are for poor people :)  Aquaero is worth every penny if running more than 3 fans in a system.
jizz man... i was looking at some of your old watercooling video and i didn't realize it but you've shrink like crazy. nice job
Thank you Jay!  I agree that we need more of these educational videos, so please keep them coming!
The Techsyndicate logo looks like FFVII...
This is a good video. I would like to see a smoke video on the difference.
God that commercial................ Please. Stop.
Wow that 350z looks great!
Smoke video
Can the CPU fan connecter on the motherboard handle 6 fans? using a 1-6 fan splitter
is it just me or does jay sometimes sound/act kind of douchy in his videos and his comments....I understand it might just be your personality, but just relax a little man. Criticism and people not understanding something is okay...
I just finished watching the video from barnacule's channel from when he was at your house a year ago. And now i see this. Jay has lost so much weight!
This was confusing, my 2 favorite tech channels. QUICK reproduce this prototype !
Really appreciate how in depth you went in this video. Hope to see an air flow video that is just as informative.
@JayzTwoCents Hey M8 I had a question I bought a couple of Cougar Vortex PWM fans and I wanted to mount them horizontally someone told me not to do that because they are hydrodynamic bearings I dunno what to do help?
I have 2 fans in front of my case pulling air in and 2 on top pushing out through a closed loop rad. then one pushing out the exhaust vent. My rig tends to get a little hotter than id like when running some games on ultra. Probobly going to add 2 more fans in front with more pull and 2 on side pushing out
i like to use the push,push config, cause im soo l33t
and dual push?  is it necessary? esp with the case of the corsair 80i's?
it was great info and not to much.or hard to fallow. good job
How would build work with two radiators as exhaust? How would intake work? Can it be done that it works that both rads are same setup?
Link for the open air case video?
Best push/pull fans video on youtube! Helped me a lot about my next build man, tha ks a lot! I'm about to do a white theme build in a matx case amd will use EXACTELY the same radiators that you used in this video (PERFORMANCE PCS painted radiators).
Jay, turn on V-Sync for your intro.
I prefer pull, easier to clean.
Yeah, please do a video on case air flow. I'm still racking my brain trying to figure out how to do positive airflow in a few cases where there just aren't enough intake fans to match the exhaust fans, but every exhaust fan has a radiator.
linus also has a pretty solid video on this, involving dust as well
I've noticed since you quitted your last job, your eyes are much less irritated. Must feel good not having to be ALL day in front of a screen! :)
Smoke machine :D
Very good video ! I like these how to's / let me explain type videos .
@5:31 allah the radiator?
Push or pull is the same, but what about HP fans in Push VS AF in Pull. If you go in Pull inside the case, maybe AF fans are better than HP fans
Great vid Jay, learning loads from your channel before do my first water cooled build. Love those commercials you're doing with CoconutMonkey. Humour and info always a good mix.
smoke test would be great
LMAO!....that Tek Syndicate intro. Great stuff Jay, keep up the good work.
Wow. Dat NissanZtwoCents... I know this is a tech channel but man I'd love to see a video of that car!
Can I do a push / pull exhausting through the front of the case? Or would that create a large amount of negative pressure? I'm using an NZXT S340 with 1 exhaust out the back and one intake from the top.
What car do you drive?!
You should do the thing with the smoke.. it'll be really cool and it's really good example
do a setup with these parts pls http://pcpartpicker.com/p/BqMr8d
at first i was like oh snap jayztwocents making a gamer online series, sweet! then it turned into a commercial... my day is now ruined!!
that's got to be the best advert I have ever seen xD
Top quality as always. Thanks for sharing your knowledge with us ??
did you guys know he was raped in prison? by 20 black guys lol #gangbang
This was a really great informative video. It all made perfect sense :-)
Isn't a pull setup more practical since you don't have to remove the fans to clean the radiator?
adding a pull config on my 480 rad dropped 14c on my GPU.. i definately go with PUSH PULL i do have a double thick 60mm RAD though.
Hey jay I wanted to ask, you said there is no difference between push or pull, but is there a difference between using the the radiator fans as intake fans or exhaust fans? For example will i get better cooling performance from my CPU water cooler if it is taking in cool air from the front or would i get better cooling performance if the CPU cooler used the air in the case to pass through the radiator or would there not be a difference. I assume it would get better performance using cooler air but I just wanted to make sure. Thank you
JAYYYY I LOVED THE INTRO
learn more about radiators and fans today. hope you tackle a full cleaning of the loop someday or might have missed it..
What software do you use to control fan speeds?
Sweet Z car Jay!
What about dust accumilation in a radiator?
It is better to have more fresh cool air coming in than more exhaust fans. My current setup has 2x140mm intake, 2x120mm in take, and 3x140mm exhaust.
If you have pwm fans you have splitters that take the pwm signal from the motherboard and power from molex (i love those splitters!!)!!!!
that your 350z?
Wow Jay! You're looking great! You can definitely see your face thinning! Keep up the great work!
I'd like to see the DIY wind tunnel testing
You should just do a full series of water cooling guides/tips so we can reference which ever video corresponds to the part of the computer we are wanted to set up for a loop if that makes sense lol. Anyways I love these kinds of videos because I'm saving up for a build and I'll have some knowledge before even picking out the parts, and you should also include your personal preferences when it comes to trusted brands parts etc. since someone like me, who has only knowledge for other people experience, knows little about the little details you learn from actually going through this whole process.
i thought u were supposed to use fractal fans
fuck off with the tek mono songs... have your own style ffs
Perfect, I've literally got a new cooler being delivered in a few hours haha
I have a question. Is there a big difference if I have my PC on carpet versus having it on a desk? Do I risk shorting out any components because the PC is on carpet?
You should talk about how using airflow fans seems to be efficient enough for push setups only rather than static favoured fans. I personally use cougar airflow fans for my rads on a push only configuration. Its seems to cool perfectly fine.
i want to push my pull so my postif presure doesnt give negatif reaction
Jay, the intro and intro music is awesome
But Jay, what about push/push configurations, or pull/pull? :P
If I get a phanteks enthroo luxe, I have 2 120mm pulling air through the front then have a rad up top 420mm with 3 fans visible and 3 in the fan compartment I will have a very negative air pressure, but will it matter? Just wondering as trying to find a solution and not getting anywhere I just want it to look aesthetically pleasing!
Can you go over fittings and types of fittings.
that 350z
Best commercial ever
Please do more videos like this, please!! :)    Love coming here to learn.  :)
Jay, could you do something like this but on a case with restricted airflow like the NZXT H series? How much that would impact on the cooling performance and that kind of stuff? :P
Normally, I don't like ads. But you make them really entertaining! I actually thought they were part of the video. And I found a way to make push/pull look good. On my case (Corsair 780T) there's enough room to put fans on the top below the fan filter, but above the inside of the case (if that makes sense). The same for the front of the case. So, I have Noctua NF-F12 industrials on push pull for my 2 360mm radiators.
Your new car looks great man, good choice!
I'd love to see the air pressures with smoke!
You didn't reply to my tweet. :(
"push pull,i don't know if you understand this one is hard" you killed me xD
First comment
Instead of putting the fans on the opposite side of my 240mm radiator, I just flipped them over to a pull config on the same side, leaving my radiator in between the case and fans. That way, when the day comes that I have to clean my rad, the majority of the dust will be on top of the radiator and not in between my fans and rad, so basically I can clean it without removing my fans... My config is a 230mm on the front, intake. A 230mm on the side, intake. Two 120mm fans intake through my radiator, and a 140mm exhaust fan on the rear, keeping plenty of positive pressure.
please do the smoke thing
I would love to see a GPU reference card used in a case with smoke.
jay why are u loosing so much weight? and what speed do you recommend for fans.
Loving the intros.
It amazes me that you even have to make this video. It all seems like common sense but nice video anyways.
Damn Jay, no homo but your looking lean man.
It's also good to note that when using multiple rads, you probably want all the rads going the same direction.  Example:  you don't want one rad in taking from outside and the other in taking from the inside.  The result would be: the heat from one rad going into the other rad.  It's best to have all the rads venting out or in, but all the same.  Additionally, as Jay mentioned near the end of the video, you want to have a little bit of air pressure in the flow.  Example:  All the case fans intake air which is then all vented out radiators.  Additionally, it's probably best to have the rads vent out rather than in, so the other components get fresh air, rather than warm air from the rads.
Damn that Z looked nice.
You, Paul, and Kyle have the ad game on lock. lol
Yes more fan videos. With and without radiators at the front and at the top and vice versa. Thanks! 301 club signing out!
LOL when I started the video, I was confused on when did I click on a TEK SYNDICATE video. I swore it said Jays Two Cents at the bottom!?!?!
Oh mah gawd, dat 350.
I'm a FAN of that new ad... No? Alright I'll go cry in the corner of shame ;-;
Useful video thanks Jay!
Hi !!
i can't stop staring at the loose skin on your right arm
Linus did this already. If I recall, the only consistant difference he found was having an SP fan on push and an AF fan on pull but it's not worth the thickness considering the temp drop. Also.... I'm sorry Jay.  I'm not trying to be mean, but I have to ask.  Can you fly yet?
Hahahahaahhahaha this fucking intro hahahahahahahaha oh my god haaha so so so so good jay your freaking awesome!!!
Great video! Thanks for clarifying when push-pull is useful. The only other information on the topic that I'd heard was that specialized high SP fans essentially removed the need to do push-pull. I'd definitely like to see smoke/incense demonstrations on Skunk Works in a future video.
The intro with tek syndicates music and play on their intro graphics made me lol it actually fits very well. Maybe you should see if Logan could design some of your own intro music in that style. As someone else said that music fits very well with most tech channels here on YouTube. Good video jay, also digging the ads
Dat commercial at the beginning doe.
Yes, please cover case pressure
PLEASE DO THOSE DEMONSTRATIONS WITH sKUNKWORKS AIRFLOW!!
Is Jay part of the syndicate now? :D
kek syndicate
NEW INTRO LOVE IT IM AT BBBBBBBBBBBBBB
can you do a video on overclocking for beginners ?
@JayzTwoCents  I really like this type of videos always learning something new, keep on going in this direction please :D
I would love to see more on the Skunkworks airflow balancing. It's a question I've been meaning to ask as I'm planning my own SMA8 build and I want to understand better the balancing issues I'm having in my planning and how I can consider solving them, and Skunkworks would be a great example.
Creative just creative, like the ad xD
I usually go with pull, I'd rather look at the radiator than the fan.
the only difference from a practical standpoint that (at least in my experience) I feel is important is Dust collection. Now this is nothing to do about positive/negative pressure and mainly about Rads in cases that have little to no dust filters. Running PULL set-ups makes clean up easier with a vacuum while PUSH configs I found i need to remove the fans before I can get a good clean up going with the vac.  To put in a different perspective I found that dust accumulates more between Rad/Fans in a PUSH vs PULL. again this was from my experience and your's may vary. Just sharing shit I had to deal with.
@JayzTwoCents YES PLEASE make the Pos Airflow Demo
would a single 360mm rad be adequate for a stock amd 8320 and a gtx 970?
I'm a big "fan" of these videos :D
Let's please see some mod videos. Like acrylic polishing, cable sleeving (all types), acrylic bending (sheets not tubing), painting heatsinks, custom acrylic panels for windows and motherboard trays, and just things like that. You don't really see those types of videos and people don't try it as they don't know where to start.
When you painted your mobo heatsinks did you see a temp difference if so by how much. I'm looking to paint my mobo chip set heatsinks and am not sure if it will hurt my temps to the point of poor oc and temps.
thanks Jay, this was helpful.
LMAO coconut at the end.
I really like the ads in the begining. it makes them interesting and makes me not want to just skip over it like I do for most channels. Keep up the great work on everything man!
very informative. Thanks Jay
Where's jay? I only see a skinny Guy. Keep up the very very good work!
Alright, that was actually pretty good. GG.
I just started building computers a couple of months ago and I get the concept of case pressure and fan orientation, but I'm not too sure when enough is enough. I have 6 intake fans(2 on a radiator) and one exhaust. I'm starting to think that I should flip my radiator over to make it an exhaust and push the radiator heat out of my case.
I like these being broken down but a visual can create more ah hah moments.
Personally feel push pull and just the direction of airflow is sometimes over blow. And the difference is not big. I personal run all intake pull for easy rad cleaning and one rear exhaust.
HAHahah
I've got a perfect idea. Jay and Jerry 2016 Jerry can be the vice president :) or, for a first you can have co-presidents instead of a vice
Jay what about the heat that the front rad dumps inside the case and the top RAD picks up.
Jayz Schwarzenegger is that you? Nice car btw, keep up the good work ;)
how about a video on how to sleeve psu cables?
You could have said Bravo, but hay what do i know (not a lot)
Great info.. I have learned a lot about computer components because of your videos.   I want to do a custom water cooled pc when I build my gaming pc within the next year so any more videos would help me with that and I enjoy watching!!!
Why so many radiators for Single CPU/GPU? I can see each 240mm running just cpu and the other for just gpu,but what will the third 120mm radiator accomplish?
jay where is my r9 380 review i just bought the card!
Definitely digging this video. I feel like this was the perfect amount of information for someone wanting to know basics about what the difference in configs is... And so what if it went a smidgen too quickly... It's a video, go back and re-listen if you missed something x-)
Now make a tutorial of how to become rich enough to do a custom water loop.
I'm enjoying my 16 radiator fans and 5 airflow fans. Great video again.
That 350z jay holy shit
I love these arguments because usually no one knows what they hell they are talking about. Good job, Jay. At least you are putting forth an effort to combat the stupid on this debate. Please do a video about dust and radiators.
I though the promotion would have been get better headset/headphone
Thats one nice 370, now you just need twin turbo and amuze bodykit T_T
Well done and thx!
Yes please, NCIX did this already, but I would also like to see your version. You are a good teacher .
Damn bro ya lost a lot of wait!
positive air preassure video pls :D
I just want to see the smoke demonstration
I don't understand this very well but wouldn't it be really bad to bring the hot air from the radiator into the case? I thought the point of water cooling was to cut out heat in the case and remove it directly. PS I have only used air cooling systems.
Do another video this one was great m8 r8 8/8
awesome ad Jay!
Logan will hit you with a copyright strike for using his music, won't he?
dat car do <3_<3
Nice car! And keep up the good work!
That 350z is clean! I like it very much, congrats for the build!
Ey Jay, So what would you recommand? Fans with high RPM to run them at a low speed or buy fans with a low rpm that will run on that RPM. Thx for the vid man!
That will great to see! Demo demo!!
Can you example more on the positive air pressure inside the case please?
Hey @JayzTwoCents, what if i have a push/pull config with different fans, for example, a good SP one pushing the air, and a good AF one pulling the air, does this affect the flow or anything similar?
Didn't know what Tek Syndicate was, So I went over to their website from the link, saw an article talking about PC gaming sales going on currently. I now own Titanfall.
I'm looking to do a simple AIO 120mm CoolerMaster in my small fractal Design core 1,000 case, and the only place I have for the cooler is front, and the back only has a 92mm exhaust fan, so should I go with just a pull, or a push pull as I'll have the space sense it's open long as the cables, and water cooling tubes will reach. my AMD APU which I'm trying to get down into the 30's for little money as I can get away with.
I personally did not like the intro, but the video itself was great.
IS THAT A NISSAN?!? I want it * o *
I personally prefer pull, this is because it is much easier to clean the dust off and that I like to see the sexy black radiator fins. Also I have all my rads as exhausts (280 and 120) as I like to draw all the hot air that is created by radiators away from the rest of my components and since I prefer pull due to aesthetics and ease of maintaining the beauty the only place for me to mount a radiator is as exhaust.
I use their music in my videos too, love it
Next thing you will see is that syndicateproject will join TekSyndicate :P
What about push-push and pull-pull?
MOAR!!!! PLZ
living the 370z life damn....:D
Whats headphones are you using?
man i had to pause the video just to say that you are looking great...i've only been subbed since January, and the change is ridiculous. keep it up bro :)
The theme music made me feel like I was watching Tek syndicate
enjoyed this vid, might not be cool as some of the latest stuff, however go back to your old ones and they where very educational. good job.
Was that video about design or efficiency?
yea jay, do the smoke for skunkworks pleeez
The pull method is easier to clean the radiator often.
I am possibly going to be doing a new PC build in a few months, the room the pc is going to be in is small with a lot of sunlight. I will also be using it up to 12 hours a day... would you recognmend water cooling even if I am not going to overclock anything? I live in the UK, so it's not the hottest place.
This ad at the beginning was awesome :D
Interesting point to take on board about the reduce flow ensuring positive pressure good vid
Wtf? Jay looks like a new person
I still dont get it, explain again?
Ahaha he deleted the guy that was first. Ahaha
THAT INTRO AHAHAHAHHAHA
Good video!  Very nice to see someone simply explain that the difference is negligible between the two and it is more about aesthetics.  I see you point about the number of fans, but I'm wondering how can you best check the pressure in your case?   I have 7 intake fans and 4 outake fans.  The difference is that the four intake on the bottom are going through an 80mm radiator while the 4 outake are going through a 30mm radiator.  The fans for the outtake spin faster than the intake as well.  Without a specific way to measure I was assuming this was positive air pressure within the case but I'm now wondering if i should amp up the fans on the larger radiator. SO what is an easy way to check whether you have negative or positive air pressure within a case?
Really like your videos Jay, but the commercials at the beginning are getting worse and worse...
Can u build me a pc if always wanted to build one but my family is on poor side just asking don't take offence
anyone have the corsair c70? im thinking of getting a static pressure fan to put in front and move one of the existing fans on top
Under 301 club
Jay, you look amazing! I just built my first system (below), much inspired by you. I am hoping to make a watercooled system in the future with both cpu and gpu in one or separate loops. Hopefully in a smaller case than my current full tower for college (ie easy transportation). Intel i7 5820K (no OC yet) Zotac 970 AMP! Extreme Core Asus X-99 A USB 3.1
good intro lol
Hey man, I love your channel, You post great content, do you mind giving me some feedback on my build before I but it? http://pcpartpicker.com/p/bm6LNG Im looking to add led fans, sleeved led kit as well as an sli config on the future, is this power supply good enough or would i need something better?
Like the ad, but...headphones :/
Niice Car... ;D
HOLY CHIZZLE-SWIZ YOU LOOKING SKINNY JAY! NICE WORK!
Nice car jayz
lol That Tek intro, the Fractal intro is nice too :D
Technically the radiator can cool with no airflow as the fins will still radiate thermal energy - but it transfer nearly as much heat as it would if air was flowing over the surface of the rad.
"Oh my god, finely" my reackshion before I even watched the vidoe XD
Wow talk about a great intro! Funny, creative, and entertaining! This was a very interesting topic, I never knew fan/airflow directions had so much effect on the cooling. Great video!
Under 301 club
Dang Jay, you are looking hella good! Keep up the good work man!
SWAG= Secretly We Are Gay
hahahhaha loving the intro!
i coulda swore that was a headphone ad.
ok i LOVED that intro
Jay350zTwoCents Now we know what the z is for.
hy
I did wanna go sleeping, but you have to upload a video, why jay? Wy u do dis?
I liked the video because of 350Z, uh i mean because of the stuff you talked about in the video... yeeeaah
Thanks Jay, this is something I've wanted to know for ages! central pahk
Fractal should hire you for a TV comercial! :O
69th viewer
good tips!!
WOO under 50 Club
Nice
first yay :))
First denied! again...
He’s so nerdy, but in a good way
Would an i7 8700k bottleneck instead of the 9900k?
But real question is can it run BioShock ??
Want to buy fast pc for high school
i buy an i7 8700k and intels like heres a 9th gen 4 days later...screw you intel!
Total cost?
i9 7980 XE RTX 2080Ti SLI the crazy gaming PC
But can it run Minecraft
10 dollars later
The video about Unbox Therapy and Jonathan Morrison surprising you at your parent’s house when your place burnt down was suggested after this video.... Never forget
yeah i bought a hp with a i3-550 3.20ghz 4gb ram hdd 300gb gtx 260 for 60$ the only problem is that the psu doesn't have pci-e for gpu and in my country is not easy to find those stores any tips?
Aren't they coffee lake?
i9 is not good for gaming
How did Jaztwocents feel when u gave the graphics card u gave back.
laughs in 12x GTX 2080 Rtx on
Can it run google?
My desktop needs upgrades 2... but I want to pick up a laptop making moving around the house easy...
Austin. Give me. I am willing to sell my butt for it
Austin. Give me. I am willing to sell my butt for it
GiVe ThIs Pc To Me PlZ(( i HaVe No MoNeY
But can it run the home screen?
When will my lucky be here?
I bet it can't run MINECRAFT...
Wanna know how to speak like Austin Evan’s? Just say every last word of your sentence slow.
Don't buy these! Okay
Yo Austin how much is the total cost to build it and if I give you the cash can u build it and give me cuz it’s so confusing and am not so good
LOL. Expensive, highly spec'd pc, Austin decides to play Fortnite. FAIL.
Can it run that bitch up like a track meet?
What programs should I use to test my own computer
But it is faster than a Bugatti Chiron?
RYZEN THREARIPPER IS BETTER AT CINEBENCH R.I.P INTEL
Gimme 1
wathcing it in a sempron 3200 from 2001 that still lags at 144p ????????????
gamin pc 3000 $ ps4 300 $ smh
Hey Austin, this is my pc Stuffs Core Intel i7 7700 24 Gigs of Ram 4TB HDD and 1TB SSD I beat you in Ram
No RTX SLI???
Shoutout to ltt
while the core i9 reach the 4.7ghz, mine is only 2.33ghz.. so sad
but can it run MineSweeper?
oofing linus
AUSTIN PLEASE COULD YOU DO A I5-8600K 1060 6GB GPU AND 16GB RAM 1TB HDD BUILD WITH CORSAIR SPEC OMEGA CASE WITH THE WORKING RGB LIGHTS THAT COME WITH THE CASE!!! THANKS ??
I have a $4,000,000 industrial ammonia refrigeration rack system cooling my coolant for my desktop, also have a huge 100ft cooling tower cooling the water for the ammonia plant condenser. My computer would run at about 1000 degrees C (molten) without the cooling system so it needs it.
I fell for it
can anyone tell me what monitor he uses
i am still triggerd about your red case! i think it would look better with a white case becasue your mobo is white
I want 69 comments no more and no less
hey guys zzzzz austin
bro i get 350 fps with an i7 and a 1070ti
But, it's nice that the benchmark test uses all those cores, but are there actually games that do? In earnest that is.
Did he change the Motherboard or just kept the Z370 Prime?
Play Fortnite !
I have 2 old pcs. I plan on making them sleepers.
Can it run fortnite
4:18 Clearly not scripted
I get 80 fps on all epic on Fortnite and i have 1060 6gb and i5 3 gen lol
I only need 666 likes no more no less
Is it worth more than a toyota corolla? Woops wrong channel
cool gaming pc austin do you like it and still have it did it work good
@austin, they arent both skylake cores.....theyre coffee lake. ;-)
So, minesweeper?
Fastest in what? Where? so you have 2080ti and 9900k and 4k monitor and there are nothing faster then others cpu-s unless you don't want to downsize on 1080p but you will get shitty pixelated graphic !! 9900k are only hottest and most overpriced cpu while anything else
Linus sneak diss
STOP!!! MINE DOESNT EVEN HAVE A FUCKING 1 TI GRAPHICS CARD!!!
give me it please <3 :)
I need :'c
... Fastest?
I want 1000 likes no more and no less
Would anyone here be willing to help me buy an Xbox One X. I may not get one for Christmas this year. ?? Also love your channel dude. ?
The real test, minecraft........with mods.
To everybody reading this comment have a good life. I hope everybody can live and will achieve their goals. Please spread happiness throughout the world. Thanks and goodbye
Einstein was a fool to think there isn’t anything faster than light, clearly he hasn’t seen this video
6:47 "DAVE2D's favorite gameplay from the bus" ??????
Try tu run Red Dead Redemption 2 on it. Good luck.
Pffft my i3 laptop runs faster ;)
Pretty decent he says
But can it run crisis
BRO REALLY!? I PLAY FORTNITE EPIC SETTINGS WITH 1060 6GB AT 80 FPS!
My PC isn't even loading the video quickly... lol
You look like ur trying too hard to be funny and enthusiastic. Be ur self man.
5:52 10 dollars later....
Still rocking an i7 7700k with a 1070
Is it able to run cool math games
is it faster than the flash?
Title should have read "The most expensive and overpriced gaming PC/oven I've ever built"
can it run minecraft 20+ fps?
subbed to both
But can it run Runescape?
thats faster then my everyday crappy computer
What monitor is that?
Let's start a story there once was a man called Austin Evans
Fuck you 14nm hello 12nm
Pretty weak CB score compared to 1920X which is much cheaper now and can do 2800-2900cb points when overclocked.
Does anyone feel like Evans is just burning money at this point? The 1080ti has been benched similar to a 2080ti, and the I9 has been proven to have marginal benefits from the I7. I mean I guess if you got the money.....
SUCKS... if you do it do it correctly man
I got two 2080ti's with a 7940x oc to 5ghz. Custom water loop.
man i wish i had that
Speaking of upgrades, youve upgraded your looks, bu its time to upgrade those glasses
The specification is too much high for Minecraft
And here I am with a radeon R7.....
But can it run Minecraft?
I love his lg monitor
dave lee is mad
Mans throwing shade at linus....??
But can it run, CLUB PENGUIN?
"But this is [cpu] a little bit more expensive"...
no mention of heat...this bad boy IS HOT...i'd avoid it (Been a tech for 22 years)
Heyy Austin, Have you used the same Asus Z370-A motherboard or some different??
* Builds crazy expensive computer * * Plays fortnite *
high performance... when the x299 platform is still out.
never clicked a video so fast
Dave can it run pong tho
How are your temps. I have a similar rig (8700k instead of 8086k) and want to know how it is doing re temps.
I9 sucks
Im building a gaming pc with the following components... Amd ryzen 2600x Asus rog x470 f Corsair 8gb 3000mhz ddr4 Samsung evo 860 500gigs ssd Wd blue 2 tb Asus rog strix rx570 Corsair vs550 psu Corsair spec 3 cabinet What u think about this config? Should i change any parts above mentioned for a superior performance?? Pls pls assist.....
But can it run RTX 2080ti?
What monitor is that?
Talks a little smack about Linus and his issues, has issues himself lol. Love ya Austin
lol leave linus, I was literally holding my breath to see if all his vms would come on...but really good video here Austin Evans continue the good work
0:21
but can it run the witcher 3? max setting?
Hey guys this is ??ustin
What’s the total budget.. think this could be a beast hackintosh ...!
8:17
you wanna give that to me? plz.....
I wish to have a pc like that??
but my i3 austin evans can run it at 30000fps
Have you ever seen a comment and been like Damn I wish I wrote that
CORE I NINE OKAY THEN
could it run minecraft?
Which monitor is that?
Like for robo raptor with baby hands at background ????
been waiting for this vid since the release of rtx 2080 and the i9. whats ur keyboard by the way?
Please try emulating Wii games through Dolphin on this ! I can wait to see it !
Austin is a fortnite noob
Real games and Fortnite do NOT belong in the same scentence.
Builds a COMPLETELY OVERKILL PC but still a No-Skin FFS AUSTIN
I have a GTX 1080 i7 8700k 16GB of ram so how long could my pc play games at max settings 100-200 fps? Currently runs gtav max settings capped at 240.
HEY GUYS ITS AUSTIN HERE ?? ?? LOL
Who else doesn’t know what he’s on about but just wants a cool pc
Should've done SLI
I want someone to make a pointlessly powerful pc that can run any game at 300+ fps
But can it run crysis
0.21 where tf did that came from ?? ??
Wow that is the most hi end pc
Can I have it?
this is like the lamest video.
I want that monitor. Link?
yay corsair aio's are the best
Austin no doubt you are great!
That thumbnail tho
Cable management?
honestly who can afford this
Why am i watching this i have a 3080 ti Fucking hate that type of comments just stfu kid
But Can It Run Minesweeper On 30FPS
i think he has the founders edition. not sure though
build an overkill pc lol
i need that full setup for gamming plz give
I built my pc in 1 sec... it was prebuilt
He always asks hey guys but he never says how are you guys
Name and model of monitor?
What's sad is my gtx 1050ti on fortnite highest settings everything on but v sync I got around 70 to 80 fps XD
It's actually ashually ashlly Austin.
This PC is nothing to a server PC .
HAI DUDES ITS YA BOI AUSTINIAN EVANS
DizizAuztin
Linus' struggle is real man. You so mean! xD
austin you are asking for carpel tunnel
How do u overclock
i9 is overwhelmingly expensive
But can it run Crysis
Dat forehead....
0:20 I’m unsubscribing
Isaiah 43:11 "I, even I, am the LORD, and apart from me there is no savior." Turn to Christ for salvation, he is the only way to Heaven.
Is anyone else wondering what keyboard he uses
So can it beat USAIN
no fortnite
Nice pc can I have it
DAMN HE DISSED MY BOI LINUS ????
should have gotten the threadripper 2 wx 2990
0:20 got’em
Can I have it? It will probably run minecraft at 5fps but who cares
can I play jailbreak in it?
I BET MY gtx 690 and AMD FX 8350 IS FASTER
16 gigs of ram peasant I
I WANT 69K DISLIKES THX
The fastest PC you've built The PC that will leave the biggest dent in my wallet
Let's spend over $1800 in upgrades to play fortnite and pubg. I'm all in!????
But can it make memes?
Can it run 3D pinball?
can it run Crysis?
0:21 got us all budas
Is it me or does he really look and sound like Andy from The Office?
maybe
Did you keep the Z370 board? I am considering this chip but afraid that Z370 is not enough for overclocking, as I've heard.
Waiting for thid since thr new i9 and rtx
It can hold up to half the memory of Austin’s forehead Note: I’m not hating on Austin he is one of my favourite youtubers.
I want him to say. Hey Austin, this is guys ????
I9 7980XE 18 cores 36 threads
Hyperthreading doesn't make a big difference? GET OUT!
I mean wells
He looks like Harry from the flash
No joke my internet dropped when Austin said "No internet" :0
But can it run potato
Name of the monitor?
Disappointed. Was expecting 2 ryzen2990WXs, 8 RTX2080ti s, mOrE RGB and 256gb of ram
My Pc is so bad it can't handle Roblox
How many colors of this same shirt does this guy have he wears this shirt in every video
oh i thought he was going to speedrun a pc build
Austin u got me there with that cheeky finger game play
When u realise he is gonna do nothing with this pc other than some editing... Actually what the Fuck ??
0:20 RRRRRRRRRRREEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE
Next Video: The smallest child I’ve ever raped
I don't get why these YouTubers are testing fortnite and pubg very easy to run games play rust that's the real test is massive
Still not as fast as a mac
Plz give that pc to me i rlly need it :(
?????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????? ?????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????? ???????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????? ?????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????? ???????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????? ?????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????? ?????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????? ???????? ?????????? ???? ??????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????
But can it run the marathon?
Please benchmark with better games like snake or the trex game and if you think your pc can handle it maybe pacman but that is so gpu craving pls read it would iprove your vids
Wasting so much money in a pc.....
But can it fly?
Since no one will like my comment I'll be the first to start
6:43 ????????
can it run minecraft???!!??!
Brasil 2019? Curte aqui <3
Hmmm why is there a laptop there maybe powering the whole thing?
how to build a system includes I9-9900K and RTX 2080ti follow the steps 1.STEP sell ur kidney 2.STEP sell ur other kidney 3.STEP write down a testament for ur family about purchasing the system u wanted to buy and put it next to ur grave EZ
Sooooo much better than just displaying the benchmark numbers!
But dave lee said to not show the battle royale diving scene........
HEY GUYS THIS IS PC TODAY WERE BUILDING AUSTIN
How avout using a Quadro tesla
Why does the core i9 packaging look like an engram from Destiny?
but can it run minecraft
I have been using an amd 1700x at 4ghz with a gtx1080ti and 32gb of ram and a Samsung 960evo m. 2 ssd as a boot drive
Famous igtv star Austin Evans debuts his first ever computer video on the new streaming service: "YouTube"
I feel your pain! The day I was going to upload my video, YouTube died and then it came back and then my Internet died.
Lol Linus
This video, Austin's paycheck, apartment, etc are all brought to you by Intel
LOL! Austin is calling out everyone!
What LG monitor is that?
Bad Boys II reference = instant like
Shiny forehead!
Wait the iPhone 9 those not exist Man why are you saying i9
Hey Austin this is guys
While I have i5-6200U Intel HD 520 8 GB RAM single channel 1TB hard drive
His house is going to burn down again with that i9
WHY THE FUCK DOES EVERYONE USE SHITTY ZERO AIRFLOW CASES.
"The fastest xxxxx ever" is such a dumb way to describe technology. Obviously the newer technology is going to be faster. It's not like you're gonna build a PC with intent for it to be fast, but then not make it faster than your previous build.
Don't know what's going on. But, still watching coz love Austin.
u just said -pubg not the nicest looking ?
Wait seriously no more hyper-threading on Intel chips? Why is that? Surely that makes Ryzen chips even more better value?
I saw a 5 gigahertz gaming PC for 750$ dollars
Is that henley the essential one from Cotton On?
Pc cost?
Who remembers when the best parts on the market could only get 4k 10 fps
But is the cpu rgb
Imagine a little more clock for The CPU and another 2080Ti and both over clocked
Now Intel started to sponsor channels and give them free i9 9900K just to convince people to get it! it's not worth it, The Ryzen 2700x is much better
First minete he speeking spanish
dave roasted
what is the monitor in the video
Out of everything he could have tested, he tested fortnite and pubg... He could have used so many other games
Hi
HEY GUYS it's AUSTIN
Here i am watching with 2002 build pc
can it run the pornhub search bar?
Will it blend?
Austin can I have a free pc?
Austin looked disappointed to see the i9’s multi-threaded score being too high.
Anyone else thought this was a speed build?
Am selling my dog.....anyone?? ??
6:40 "Play Real Games" Plays Fortnite ?????
Is Austin worth it in 2018?
1:23 >still building single-gpu systems with consumer-grade hardware and one operating system per tower >celebrates his 8-core 16-thread cinebench score while ltt, jayztwocents and gamers nexus are overclocking their 7980xe's to about 4.9 or 5 ghz >benchmarks his setup with fortnite
What’s you opinion on Fortnite on Android?
Got em 0:21
Giveaway!
1:23 SHOTS FIRED
Austin Martin
But the question is, can it run fortnite?
Austin slaps the top of the computer: this bad boy can fit to many games at higher fps
But can it run pacman?
Dave will kick your ass for your gameplay
The Fastest Gaming PC I've Ever See
What is that keyboard on the table at 1:06
All those YouTubers making overpriced gaming PCs and never actually using them for gaming
Oof
But can it run crycis??
9487 lol it means "simply an idiot" in mandarin
I wish I could understand what's he's saying
Can it run minecraft at max settings?
"hyper threading doesnt matter".... runs multi thread test in cinebench, gets happy .... guess it matters.
Hp pavilion au116tx... Sucks...
Dave where r u????????xD
Hi Austin, this is guys
Everytime I see GeForce RTX, I always think: GeForcer TX. Is somebody else always thinking that?
Please do a benchmark of CRYSIS 1 and CRYSIS 3 with ultra settings and MSAA X8.
6:23 Austin builds a very expensive pc, then is suprised that its fast??. Btw love your vids
why do i not notification of such good ideos?
Calling out Linus like that NOT COOL! But it looks like you jinxed yourself there...
The z370 cant handle well with the 9900k
That is one fancy tv
please austin mame a gudie on how you fixed the internet issue on that pc
Hey Austin can I get some love from Malaysia
can it run paint??
Half the video was about benchmarks
G I V E A W A Y T I M E
Le hands on le raptor
Friggen price You'll "Pay" for this Mr. Price! ok i'll just leave.
I wish i could afford something like that....??????
So you're telling me, FORTNITE looks good while PUBG doesn't? Well done! LOL
Hey! I've been building for quite some time a computer for the first time, so I have an Asus prime z370-A motherboard I bought a few months ago, however, I haven't bought a cpu because I've been waiting for the i7 9700k. The problem is, I've seen some comments that you need to update the motherboard's bios before being able to use 9th gen processors, is that true? That would be such a bummer since I don't have an older gen cpu just so I could update the bios, as I said before, is my first time building a computer. Any help, would be appreciated!
But is it faster than my fapping speed?
Anyone else spend 8 minutes of their lives not understand almost anything in the video?
For some reason I thought he was gonna build a PC as fast as he could.
Can I play super Mario in it ??????
That tricep????
I just looked at roboraptor the whole time
Austin Evains help me i went to play PUBG on my Xbox but I didn’t gold membership please give me gift card
Can it run crysis
Id stick to my 1070 for now... I'm satisfied with the frames I get + I like playing on low graphics anyway
you look like Malcom from Malcolm in the middle in that new profile pic
oof that dig at linus was deep
Can it run command prompt? I’m curious if it can or if I need two Xeon platinum 8180 cpus 128gb ram and 4x quadro rtx 6000. This would be a way better option as it’s significantly cheaper
I am at 0:02 in the video and I have a feeling that the main benchmark will be Fortnight
Lol this pc sucks it can't even play minesweeper at 1 fps, at 1p
Hey cake this is frosting
which motherboard you use...
Fix ya internet with a sponsor
His forehead shiny af
but can it run crysis
But the I-9 9900 is not a gaming CPU per se. It's a productivity CPU. This is therefore not a gaming system.
what are those numbers at 5:32 ?
Video end at 6:38
watching this on a $200 laptop
But can it run austin....guys ?
Hey Austin your pc specification videos are insane but when you test out games its so lackluster, no hate but i think you need to do more on the testing games aspect.
0:20 Really Austin Get yeeted ??????????
Gets a beast system but only test it on fortnite and PUBG ??
This is pointless, consider i7 and 1080ti yesterday still better hardware.... Oh wait Nvidia will slowdown 1080ti.
Just make a whole video testing a bunch of games
Is it faster than a tortoise?
Nah, I'll build my PC the Verge style. ??
Which keyboard this is ?????
Why would you ever put pubg on that computer lol
Ummm, so I just realized, I was watching some, let’s just say, questionable material, and just realized that Austin’s girlfriend is a porn star. ??
But can it run paint? Didn’t think so
ugh why would anyone waste so much money. just get an xbox one X already
A PC is not a PC if it can't run despacito 2
Bit in the starting it said no benchmarks.... Arghhhh!!!! Viewbaited again...
hey guys this is gaming pc, and this, is the fastest Austin ive ever built
Just play better and more demanding games next...... You're wasting this build by only playing trendy games.
fortnite at 70fps? thats it?
Like for Linus burn.
Why don't you use CS:GO anymore?
why is austin so bad at fortnite
¿can run the nes emulator?
Hey Austin can u buy me a gaming PC and build it and ship it to me with the mouse and keyboard and Everything?
anyone know what keyboard he is using?
ya know i had a PlayStation ad before this xP
Did you use the same motherboard?
HEY GUYS this is Austin
I wish I had the disposable income for this
I have no idea what the fuck his talking about! I need to get back into computing
but can it run minesweeper
Still have that 8086 in my system, it's straight fire man - Really can not recommend this processor more if anyone edits often.
Still slow for the processor memory mboard and graphics are not fiber optics! Just saying.
So if i do all of that computer jiberish i can play minecraft at full speed great :)
so is there even an i3? is it i5=i3, i7=i5 and i9=i7
Wtf was all that computer mumbo jumbo?
Dude u legit logics brother
PLEASE PLEASE STOP SAYING "HEY GUYS THIS IS AUSTIN" - YOU LOOK STUPID. YOU LOOK RETARDED
133,999 views rn
Hey guys this is autistic!
I hope we some 3DMark Fire Strike scores next time.
That end tho
Well, I just have intel core duo :(.
What can I say, PUBG is more poorly optimised than I think
that new profile pic tho
Can u give me that on chirtmas...
Pc vids are back
Fortnite? PUBG? You should test with Call of Duty Black Ops IIII.
7:16 as noted, Austin knows NOTHING about the game. "80 fps is playable" for noobs.
That is somewhat overkill.
So fucknite is the new way to test these beast machines? ?? test that machine with a real game such as witcher 3, gta v, destiny, etc. not this cartoon-wannabe looking piece of shit of a game
Hooooooooly
Can it run Crysis ???
HT doesn't make a difference.. Do you even PC..? 9900K Encoding gets a HT boost. Many usage cases it increases performance up to 25-35% in encoding, and can save 4core machines from 100% in games, It stops dropped GPU usage when your 4thread limited. Not All things,.. but to say it doesn't make a difference makes YOU look stupid and you should know better.
Do mate 20 pro
God damnit 0:21
How much would this cost?
But.......can it run Atari Breakout????
I i have a budget of 800 dollars should i get an acer nitro 5 laptop or a cyberpowerpc or what do you gus recomend send help please it has to ve prebuilt
Gotta wear tight shirts to flex those tiny ass biceps!
But can it run coolmath...
I am still using my second-hand laptop Dell Latitude E6330 w/ cpu core i5-3320m, 8gb ram, 256gb ssd+320gb hdd and intel graphic 4000??
Still on the pre-roll ad but I bet it only runs crisis at 1080p 30fps
Great, now you're machine is 12% faster at double the price point
Austin isn't perfect but he's a simple man and I can respect that.
Y’all want to donate your old pc parts to me lmao
Hopefully you'll only need one power supply ??
A little bit more expensive? HAHAHA
Was it worth it though? Heeeeeeeeell naw
Don’t buy the cpu or gpu. They’re both a terrible deal.
Hell...I play PUBG on my i3,8gb,1050 machine .. ????
Welldone, finally it can run minecraft without lag
So now intel made metal foundries for pc.... No thanks. I don't want to see my motherboard in flames.
Laughs in Core 2 Duo
I want it.
Can it run google?
That jab at Dave made me laugh, I love the guy but fucking hell was that funny.
Can it play minecraft?
But, can it run Crysis?
your forehead reflects the whole studio :p
But can it run Crysis?
0:55 mins into the vid...... Raptor claws are now raptor hands ??
Can you give me the old one?? Please Austin....??????
Austin is this guy's hey!
Lemme have it :)
I'll stick with the 1800x thank you
0:20 GET NECKED
0:20 Damn it Austin
“Hey guys this is linus” Spinsorship and earrape intro ??
6:43 YES that dig at Dave 2D was so good.
ima stick to my 8400 and rx 580 4gb
Make a ultimate ps3
i am going om a really like it if someone could go on my wishlist and buy me super mario 3d land for the 3ds my nintendo id is luck.spencer77
can it run minesweeper
Can it run Crysis ?
can u do more console vids
You would make a horrible fortnite streamer
Can it run minecraft
Austin be careful, you might burn your house down with that chip
Why would you diss Linus
I've literally just started YouTube so can people go sub to my channel I'm going to do different video game videos on there
i get an ad for a mac lol
You just needed to call on Linus and your Internet DROPPED!!!
Good training for building a gaming PC
But can it run Cool Math Games?
"The Ultimate Horrible Launch PC Build"
The pc that nobody can buy-exapt youtubers...
Hmmm.... Dave Lee 7:18
Why not have one 2080 ti when you can have 2
What's the slowest PC tho?
Not gonna lie but the red on the case makes it look a little ugly
lol... my ipod 4 still beats this
But can it run cool math games?
AUSTIN EVANS VS JAYZTWOCENTS VS LINUS BUILD OFF!
My pc is 200$$
But is it affordable?
Give me your old one or. Read more
Now turn it to 11. We need to see the overclocks
Austin, YOU DONE MESSED UP WITH THE BR FOOTAGE! DAVE WILL NOT BE PLEASED!
Putting the 2 ads in the beginning was a great idea
6:43 Dave!!!!!
100 Mb but keeps turning off... or like me 100 KILOBYTES but never turns off
Yo Dogg but can it run bombsweeper
5 GHz is a turbo-boost on single core only - so if you have a single threaded application that needs a lot of CPU - you will get the 5GHz. If you have multithreaded application that loads all of your cores at the same time (like Cinebench does) it will boost only to the all-core turbo speed which is 4.7GHz for 9900k. And even more - if you start loading your floating point unit, then turbo frequency gets even lower.
hey guys dezz Austin
Hyper-threading™ Hyper-threading™ Hyper-threading™ intel has you by the fucking chain. Please say SMT.
this computer is worth more than my house
Wow didn’t even play blackout
yeah sure you are using an i9 9900k whit a z370 chip set mothearboard and dont understand why it isnt boosting bacuas you need z390 chip set foor al the new functions from the new i9900k
Your wallet just blow up cause that PC PRICE
I really want to know how much fps you will get on playing super mario on this pc...lol
Super mario gameplay please
How much? :v
0:20 Dude. xD
No Z390 board?
Hey Austin!!!
I will help you make a faster one List rtx 2080ti sli core i9900k water cooling and better fans on case
My i7-4770k with a gtx 960 2gb runs fortnite at the same fps as that beast
Hey guys, zzauztin But can it run Minesweeper?
I actually don’t understand what is happening in this vid but u still got my like ????
Hhhhhhhhheyyyy guys...... thizzzizz Austin!
YESSSSSSSS FINALLY
those shirts are the ugliest ive ever seen
You know its fast when you can play fortnite
I love the bit were he said “Dave’s favourite footage” like if you know what I’m talking about
Available for 100000000000003793$
You should have played Call of Duty's Blackout mode I think that would have looked rather cool and you should have actually played a full game of it.
Ok, we can all admit, Linus is better with technology, but those he make cringe video's like Austin? No, that's why we all watch Austin! Because of how cringe his how to waste videos are! Keep up the cringe Austin.
I wish I had an awesome gaming PC, No I wish I had a gaming PC.
But does it minesweeper???
It doesn’t look that fast to me.
Ryzen threadripper ...better choise
please donate this pc to me for gaming/streaming/productivity :D
prreeeettttyyy weeelll speeecceedd system??
Like OMG, you didn't use a CPU guide, extra thermal paste, tweezers and a swiss army knife that MAYBE had a Philips screwdriver? So unprofessional.
OOF for linus
My Internet went down watching this video... Coincidence? I think not!
1:24 yo know, he knows quite a bit more than you about those things... (Not saying that YOU don’t know anything , I do like your channel, but still... yeah...)
dat sexy monitor name?...
ummm hypert-threading DEFINITELY matters.. it helps in so many was.. many of the tech youtubers agree they should of made them less cores and added hyperthreading.. because the hyper threading will do more than an extra 2 cores will do
what do u mean, my omen 15 can run fortnite on epic settings on no less than 120 fps
Can it run minecraft
Hey Austin This Is Guys
so you are going to overclock this
Can it run mine Craft?
All epic 60 FPS with 2080? I get 110 FPS with a 1060 3 gb
any chance i could win this pc? lol
How much is the price?
Nice advertorial dipshit. Next time put some Intel watermarks on your video so it's even more obvious.
I built my fastest PC like $5000 in 2018. How does it hold up in 2036
What’s the monitor he’s unsung is the 27 lg or the 32 lg
for some reason, whenever Austin is happy, I’m happy.
You should have used the i9-7980XE
20,000 Gaming Pc Plays Fortnite
nah go ltt and go dual xeon 32 and a quadro
Yeaaaaaas i have a new BEAST pc watches this video my pc sucks
but can it run crysis 3
Ok let me sell my soul and house for this pc
wait this is new? I only just noticed...
Its not saying much ive seen scrapyard wars
But can it run minecraft?
0:21 motherfucker
Hi Austin this is guys. I'm so original.
This dude really just dissed Linus. Awaiting a diss-track war between 2 tech-heads.
I dont know why i watched this, i didnt understand anything austin said lol
Only a single 2080 ti? I have just ordered one with 2 and a custom watercooling loop with an i9
Honestly its a rtx 1080ti founders edition and you only get 80avg fps at 4k. I kinda expected alot more
A like a day will convince austin to go to the gym
I'll take that 8086 off your hands if you're not using it XD
The Lenovo Ideapad 33os core i7, 2TB Hard drive, 24GB Memory, 16GB Optane, and 8GB RAM. Would it be worth buying for $649?
Builds a powerful pc---- plays fortnite
2003 - Pentium 4 overclock - 5GHz 2018 - Intel Core i9 cinebench test + cpuZ - 5GHz woahwoahwoahwoahwoahwoahwoahwoahwoahwoahwoahwoahwoahwoahwoahwoahwoah
Why. Is. The. Case. Read
HOW DARE YOU DISRESPECT THE FATHER OF TECH AWESOMENESS LINUS WHY WOULD YOU DO THIS
STOP CROUCH WALKING!
My pc is only 400x slower xd
That i9 box looks like a engram from destiny. You expect something good but you end up disappointed lol
Austin Evans, can you revive the Electron Build?! >:D
but can it run Minecraft
Lets get some SLI up in this shizzal!
makes "the fastest gaming PC", plays Fortnite and PUBG smh
Can u plz send me a gaming pc for bid plzzzzzZzzzZzzzzzZZ
Cool man
“ryzen has been around for a few years” nigga tf u mean ryzen has been around for a few years they just released ryzen in like q1/q2 2017 NIGGA
Seeing as 8 cores is pointless for gaming right now
How much it cost????????
PLEASE STOP USING FORTNITE AND PUBG FOR BENCHMARKING
Ducan get amd instead of intel core
Hey Austin, this is guys
but can it run ROBLOX ?????
What
U mess with linus, i mess with your pc
I need some serious power to play cool math games
This is more a Linus thing to do than anything else
Still slower then my iPhone 1
6:43 He actually watched that stupid video
shintel lol
I wish I had the money to build that
Not as powerful as the PS4 Pro
Cool
NOICE
What was that intro song? The bass and trumpet caught my attention! I am in need for new jams. HELP!
Linus: “Haha, cute”
?? daddy wants
Okay, Austin. I should warn you. The chips get hot. Steve over at Hardware Unboxed overclocked the i9 to 5.1ghz and it got to a 100 degrees even on a 240mm aio and a nhd15. He needed a 360mm open loop to get it slightly below 100 degrees and it still hit 98C. There is no gains in overclocking the i9 (barely 1-5%) and its not worth hitting 98C. Don't do that. You'll probably set something on fire. On second thought, make sure to get like close shots during the livestream. We wanna see the burning.
So many shots fired in this one video lol
Dislike for fortnite
my kidneys are expensive
nice
Does anyone know what case this is, its??
My friend has GTX 2080 OC and Clocked at 5.3hz it’s insane runs literally all games at 4k60.
You can get the Ryzen 7 2700X for $275 cheaper. And have the same core and threads. Or even 12 core Ryzens are cheaper then Intel.
This is so cool i wish i had like austin
But can it run IOS??
1 like = extra heart ?
But AMD is better for productivity
But can it run Crisis
Lmao my pc is significantly better
Awesome !
PUBG running exactly like Fortnite but "uhhhhhh pubg is not optimizedddddddddd" ??????
Wow. Fortnite and PUBG. Do you actually have other games than Fortnite, PUBG and Rocket League?
Why would you build such a sweet system in an NZXT? I'm puking right now...
I am so tired of people benchmarking fortnite on a 'powerful' system just because the game is trending, why not do say far cry 5 since its still an open world
Every Austin Evans pc build video is flop
Your forehead is so shinny
But does it have a bott... Wait, wrong comment
BETTER THAN NASA SUPERCOMPUTER I GUESS...
I like your hair
Honestly i didnt understand most of the video XD
Test csgo in this configuration
Watching this after the Surface Pro Laptop review....that thing just looks so bloody amazing. Just needs a few ports.
I hate the fortnite
But can it run ROBLOX?
Hey guys, this is sponsored XD
Austin Evans is it possible to donate this amazing pc to me?
no austin, its never too late to test call of duty blackout :)
Pubg graphics are really good I don't know what you're talking about, yes when you parachute it doesn't render the whole huge map because that would make your game crash but please name one battle royal game that has better graphics.
But can it run Crysis?
1:30 6 grapichs cards
Please try passmark performance test 9
Please try blender and asus realbench
Hey Austin, I just want to let you know that your comment section is hilarious. It's one of my highlights of the day because I have nothing going on in my lyfe.
Please try microsoft solitaire
Damn Austin straight up calling out the homie linus
"now ryzen has been around for a few years"... are you sure austin
Please try fritz chess benchmark
Give me computer
You did just 2 games. Please make minecraft and universe benchmark and more
Are you kidding me? Fortnite?
Throwing shade on @linustechtips 1:22
Which keyboard are you using??
Wtf? The 8086k did a little less than 1400 on cinebench in the multi score? There is something wrong going on there, my MSI gf63 laptop with a i7 8750h did 1223 in the cinebench multi score and it's a fucking laptop of 1000 euro's. What the heck?
The RGB is not Synchronise, this is bad
Thanks for showing off your wealth
Really? Fortnite gameplay test? WTF...
Eyyyy
In building my pc whats better to use amd ryzen 3 2200g or the intel pentium gold g5400?
Why you always test fortnite it can run on every potato But i appreciate you tezt pubg too cuz that can't run on every pc
shade throwing at linus, i like it
And Im still here trying to play games without a gpu and with overheat issues.
Can I have it?
Wow just give away it to me please I am poor(with pubg and fortnite installed)please with the monitor
Title edit --Why does this gaming pc exist in 2018?
Name of the monitor pls? Anyone?
ITS COFFELAKE NOT SKYLAKE YOU UNCULTURED SWINE
Name of the monitor pls? Anyone?
In America, Austin builds the fastest gaming pc. In Soviet Russia, gaming pc builds the fastest Austin
Here I am sitting with my and a9 and Radeon r5
Lets send Austin some money so he can afford a better internet :D
now build a gaming PC as fast as possible
Is this a video
I'm assuming you have Spectrum
Which keyboard do you use in the video ? :)
He must be running AT&T
I understood nothing you said during the entire video
What monitor is that? 4K 80fps?
following LInus trend)
Ok Austin, I get Fortnite and Pubg are popular, but the run smoothly even on a 1k pc, come on.
Fortnite is not even graphically hard to run. So tired of seeing it benchmarked
The fastest the speadyest and the best
This is pure love ??
And then there's me i5 7300HQ and a GTX1050 (2GB)
Bro you gotta run like modded skyrim with crazy graphics mods to test what it can take
For gods sake Austin, pee first and then shoot the video. You’re hopping around everywhere
The Meaning of Austin : A US Tin / just a tin from US
they're both skylake cores not wrong there
damn....his forehead is shinier than my future T_T
Why not just get an Intel Xeon?
Let's make a petition to stop Austin from testing Fortnite on every computer.
I literally dont know anything he is talking about
How much is this? 5K? 7K?
Founders edition
Dibs on your old parts
Why you always wearing the same shirt
Hey Austin, would you suggest the h700i for a fresh build?
Heya Austin! Pleasure seeing you yesterday, I was the dork snapping a pic from the hall with you in the background in front of the arcade. Funny last time I saw you we were at some retro LA Arcade place. Keep up the good work!
Hey it’s, guys Austin!
how well does blender 2.8 run on this?
When I first read the title I thought you had built the PC really quickly lmao You should do it though, as fast as you can
Austin i have a video idea for you. Make one about how careful or lack of you need to be when building a gaming PC. Do some things like apply too much thermal paste, bend a few wires and notches to see if it still works which could maybe put some people at ease of building their first gaming PC.
Love that muscle ??
Oh no you got me 4:54
Thx for this video now I can imagine having this
The cable management in there looks like ass
Pour Linus
Austin throwing shots at Linus
Hey Austin I need some subscribers..
Cool, but can it run minesweeper at 60 fps huh? I dont think so.
Subscribe for more in my channel ????
Lies I'm from the future and my 99 zcore system with built in BTX 5990TI and 86tb ram is so much better than this piece of shit. Plus you still run Windows lol why not Google Skynet OS 6.
But can it run minecraft ?
Hey gaming pc this is guys this is the Austin we built just a few weeks ago Which has since seen some slight upgrades
nice
1:23 shots fired at linus
That pc setup is looking Gorgeous What is the total cost of building this pc
By the way the 9700k is. It worth it
1:30 Did I just heard from Austin that it is worth it?
Yes, It can run crysis
Live benchmarking? This channel is becoming more like LTT everyday.
Ok so, I didn't understand anything Everything was out of my mind ??????
Nice baby hands
Hello I’m from Iraq
If you sub to me I will sub to you just comment done
Spend literally 1000s of dollars .... Still playing Fortnite?????
I have a dream. My dream is to be a youtuber. Can you helpbme just checking my channel?
I don't get the titel the pc doesn't even move in the Video ....
"Now, Ryzen has been around for a few years..." Wait a sec....It's been so long? Don't think so.
Hey guys this is Austin....
Austin please next time play something else, like Black ops 4 or Battlefield V or Assassins creed Odyssey or anything other than Fortnite and PUBG. You do know that some of us can't afford computers like that, right?
Buys A Expensive PC plays with a default skin....
what's that monitor?
Hey Austin this is guys ????
Fortnite, The go-to game for tech reviewing channels
I see RTX in the thumbnail, I click. Simple as that.
I see RTX in the thumbnail, I click. Simple as that.
Meanwhile i got a core that's trash combined with a gtx 460 XD
Why has the de-facto design trend among gaming computers become red-and-black? Back in 2011 we used to get Alienware computers or Razer products, for instance, with all kinds of color popping up from them. I do believe some manufacturers such as MSI haven't given in to this trend, but still. Now it's mostly that: red-and-black. As if everybody loved this combination. -_-
Hello sir ji
This dude has a punchable face. Greasy looking ass fool
But can it run minecraft in low settings at 30fps??
Testing a computer with Fortnite is like doing a Facebook benchmark on the Razor phone
Austin's Forehead is too bright unlike my future.
HeY gUyS tHiS iS aUsTiN!!!! Read more
Please giveaway to me I am a poor person...... Never have comp
i dont THOT so good
rtx 2080ti with i9 9900k O_O
Can i have that pc ??
Which moniter is this?
My WiFi is like the exact same as yours. Goes on for a little while then turnes back off.
And now you sell it on Ebay
Also the ugliest PC you've built...
Austin is my dad.
Can it run Minecraft
Hey, Austin this is guys.
Do studio tour and office. WS
Austin's fivehead is quite shiny. Reflects alot of light. LOL
What moniter did you use
So Basically, Im Austin
Hey Austin , This is guy . More budget build pls?
i9 9900k + RTX 2080 Ti Plays Fortnite and PUBG I guess PUBG is ok but when you can afford a PC like that, you can afford more games too, unless you're Austin
can someone tell me what is the model of the monitor?
Can it send a man to the moon
and i have the shitiest pc of all time u can cook ur food from the heat of my pc, yo austin if u ever think of doing a giveaway please email me hehe
your profile picture was the fastest thing built
Road Runner: Huh? It isn't as fast as me... Coyote: runs crysis
why it not look gud tho
I want this pc because MY PC ALREADY GIVE ME NOTICE. SO I WILL REQUEST YOU PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE GIVE ME THIS PC. AUSTIN BRO. BY HEART REQUEST. FROM INDIA.
Hey guys we're going to Boston
I honestly thought he meant building the pc very fast.
But can it run crysis?
Wait this dude isn’t Linus tech tips bugger off clone
LOL
If I can ever save up enough money I wanna build this PC
And I still got single core cpu with 1 gb ram and no graphics card.I can beat him????
and here i am with a i5 760 and gt 450....
Dave plz say sorry to austin, it looks like that video did hit him hard??
I thought it was linus until I saw the channel name.
dude your forehead is shiny as fuck.
Finally....
You look a lot like nick eh 30
Shiniest Head award
Austin is a Savage, always points out Dave comments on tech youtubers ??????????
2990WX RTX2080 TI SLI 128gb ddr4 4266mhz
This is bloody fast, but not faster enough, it needs more led and sli
no it isnt the fastest
I want to comment something funny but I can't think of anything.
you seem like an intel fanboy
Shots fired at Linus
Now add another 2080 ti and overclock both cpu and gpu
4k 90fps on 9900k and 2080 ti? not too bad. But its kind of pricy!
4:55 ??
Hey guys this is autisme
That's a really tall ladder!
Come on austin,overclock that 2080ti!
Here before 20 k views!!!
How can we "look at it" when you don't show us... ?
U FORGOT BLACKOUT nobody PLAYS PUBG
How to go homeless 101
Who’s waiting for Linus to leave a comment
But Can it run COD WW3?
>build a top of the line monster of a PC >test it with Fortnite Never change.
Taking Shots at Linus I see..
OOF
That Linus roast :D
Dave’s favorite gameplay lol
This pc is fast asfart boi!!!
This nerd is happy
Can I have that please?
"I actually spended 10 dollars for nothing?"-Austin having a setup that it's more expensive than my fucking house
why is everybody bashing Dave? You know he is right, right?
What do you think of the RTX launch, Austin? 8:01 "Aw, this is bad, this is bad, this is bad." That's what I thought.
Seems like a good pc, but can it run office 2007?
Sponsored By Intel
this processor probably will cost less than $70 in ten years
Is the fastest gaming PC I've ever built worth it?
Hey Guys this is fastest!
But can it run minesweeper at -6000 FPS?
i want it.
Sick but what do u plan on playin on it cause like ur not the best Fortnite player heh ????
3:31 no offense, but they both are coffeelake not skylake
Jev's new PC
play some league of legend on it....
@1:34 we all know that wasn't a thumbs up :P
V3 custom loop
nerd alert
Ladies and gentleman, Austin got us @0:19 ??
Jeez how much was that all
wow, you r looking jacked
For the price no thank you! AMD has the value for gamers.
Austin is looking for beef against Linus. Who would have the best diss track?????
I love Austin
Hi
i thought so
What is the monitor name ?..
Austin should go to austin texas so he can say "Hey guys this is austin and im in austin.....Texas that is"
HEY RTX, THIS IS AUSTIN
FART AT 07:10 OMG IT GETS MUCH MORE FUNNIER "MUCH MUCH BEEFIER COOLERS THAT WILL GET THE 'AIR FLOW' GOING" HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA
The new profile pic looks a lot better.
it really annoys me that people dont put dvd/cd drivers on their pc's today :(
Giveaway ? And i won ?
nice channal
Hold up, there is already 9th gen intel chipsets?
but can it run Crysis?
[Insert "Hey guys, it's Austin!" joke here]
Austin “Triceps” Evans ;)
Austin : Hey. Vsauce here
Nice, fyi, lighting looks weird on this video, talk to Jonathan Morrison about it... :)
Damnnn, you use shoe polish on that forehead?????
Threadripper >> i9 9900k
Dont dare to say that PUBG is not good
Austin tech tips.
I was first ????????????????
Hey Austin! this is guys
Hei gyus dis sis Austin
You know, as someone whose first computer ran at 4mhz, it just blows my mind that I'm watching videos about 5ghz processors.
Guys a guy made the fastest NEW PSVITA it's called "PSWITCH:THE NEW PSVITA" I have no idea about this guy but i think it's pretty good!!!
I just came for Austin. The rest is just gibberish for me
I always wondered Wth do you do w/ this
Hi
Haha the mini hands are STILL in the videos XD
I have a PS4 but I’m also contemplating getting a PC. My budget is 2.5-3k any suggestions?
Hi
Nice Build! Also the case the i9 came in is looking fire!??????
You are people are so blessed sometimes I just spent over $700 gaming PC at Best Buy and I could barely run Call of Duty Black Ops 4 and I was dying for this game can afford a new graphics card bills are way too high
Cinebench is multi threaded not single.. xD oop nevermind your running single core xD
You are rich, we get it.
Hey guysss the is "AUUUSTIN"
People are talking about i9s and 2080ti and I’m still using amd 3 with 1050ti
Hey guys,This is me
But can it run Minecraft?
this was THE FASTEST TIME I CLICKED ON YOUR VIDEO!!!!
still not faster than the speed of light. :P
Your head looks like an egg
This pc gets you a victory royale before you touch the mouse!
Hey Austin! This is guys! Thanks for showing some more EBIC Fortnite gameplay on this PC. Linus couldn't show me negligible performance improvement on an overkill PC in his videos, so that sucks.
But can it run crysis ?
Hey Austin This Is Guys Never Gets Old Right
Hello
test.....overwatch.. its better then fortnight AND overwatch requires higher spec's for it..
first i liked...then i disliked when i see a pc like this being tested by fortnite and pubg.
Speedy Gonzales built :-)
Oh hey the guy who was in that commercial for the computer ZORK was on now has a “tech” channel... hmmmm
2080 giveaway? Hmm??
8:02 that's what you can expect, being shoot @ your wallet.
ooooh snap shots fired at Linus. ??
Can we see some different games in these benchmarks? It isn't hard to run Fortnite at epic settings. Let's try gta v or doom next time.
What is the best version of a pc I can build within $500
This is a troll comment... ??
This is SO cool. Nice vid Austin!
cool.
Hey guys! Thzzzzzs Austin!
Nice build Austin top NOTCH video :)
Can I borrow it?
Austin....your doing everything wrong. you won't be getting the REAL expected results untill you do it in a correct way...*ufffff*
i like Austin's videos because of jokes like :048
I wish i could have a gaming pc
You're lucky Austin Evans
Is it faster than Austin lasts in bed?
I want 786 likes. Thanks
can it run minecraft ?
Hi
Hey austin! this is guys
Notificayion squad
DAVE GONNA GET MAD WITH THAT FORTNITE GAMEPLAY
"a little bit more expensive"
Ghetto Austin has only one graphics card.
Can you please do something like you know affordable...
1:31 his look is like "in your face linus" ??
Make the ultimate gaming fridge
Hey Austin, I’m looking for a laptop that I’ll probably only use for writing! I used to write a lot on my iPad but it’d be nice to have a laptop to write and then be able to print. And I kinda was thinking a MacBook so I can easily transfer things from my iPad to the MacBook, not fused if that works? But I really just need something that can use google docs over Microsoft word, primarily cuz using the iPad with Microsoft word is annoying and doesnt work without being a member. And I’m not gonna throw more money out for that. But if you have any ideas that’d be great! Thanks
Squat
But can it run Donkey Kong on Ultra settings?
:-) :-) :-)
He upgraded his 8086 to a "Core i9"? What is this Austin even talking about, the obvious upgrade from an 8086 is a 286.
But can it run Austin Evans at 60 FPS?
Hey, Austin listen, man, I love your videos. You're really good, I learn a lot but dude you gotta change the titles. To be completely honest from 2017 your titles have not been good Sometimes because of the titles I might miss a video or won't care much about it. Just keep the titles plain and simple. No hard feelings You're still my favourite youtuber
Put some glass on the damn case , Im dying
Dave's favorite game play ?? I get that reference...you troll
If you had my internet you'd probably go insane
hey guys this is PEWDIEPIE
Bro! I want to buy a gaming cpu under 400$! Suggest me one of best!
Dang wish I could have a pc like this
Not so 1st
Meow
what happened with the asus modems did they not work
I really love your contant its so good and i didnt even get bored watching!!
Oh god, no, please, not Fortnite again...
Over $1500 for a GPU? That's functionally retarded.... time to dig out the ghetto Nintendo from the closet
15 minutes ago how convenient ??????
245 th
The Founders Edition, The Founders Edition, The Founders Edition, The Founders Edition, The Founders Edition...
That’s a really long ladder
NICE !
no.233
i should play some real games ..... fortnite on 2080ti this is austin
f austin
heyy Austin how are you man wish you were here at my place... really want to meet you I take a lot of tech tips from your channel
Love the video but a 9900k is way too overpriced for its performance compared to a 2700x
You are the best!
You do the best vids
Next video selling my build pc
I'm saving money to buy the Huawei honor Play 7x
BUT CAN IT RUN CRYSIS?
Cool!
Hey Austin love your videos
228th
more pc videos like old days :3
fastah
That moment when he almost done with the video and then u get the notification
8:15 sec is fastest but next time try to build within this time limit ;)
Can you do an updated version of the top 5 best pre built gaming pc’s video? I’m getting into pc gaming but I don’t want to build my own just yet.
Me: Just buys a brand new gtx 1080 NVidia: Drops rtx outta nowhere Me: eXcUsE mE, WhAt tHe *family friendly*
The i9 box looks like Im about to decrypt a crappy engram that Im about to dismantle in Destiny...
The cable managements is sooooooooooo cringe Austin get some help
Damn
aint got nothina gainst my 1050ti and i5 7500 with 8gb ram XD
Dave is pulling his hairs rite now.... That jumppppp ??
Why is your forehead glowing?
I’ll buy it for a dollar
Love you bro
Great video as always keep up the great work
Why did you buy the founders RTX 2080 Ti???????
love the channel
lik this if u lov ur mom
Thank you very beautiful and wonderful explanation
Deja vu!!!!!!!
would u like to sell ur ps4 slim of 130 dollars?
Austin Tech Tips! :D
Upload gameplays on it
But can i run minecraft????
Nice
Uploaded 5 minutes ago, Some of the comments shows 7 minutes ago.. Austin is illuminati confirmed ??
Austin: Let's play some real game.. Austin: plays fortnite.
Do a house tour I want to see where you keep all your tech
The fastest ken I've ever built
hey austin ...how are you..been watching since 2016 and made my first pc bak then...love from india
Core i9 isn't that much of an upgrade over its last gen, since its going close to threadripper prices its a horrid cpu to justify buying
Gift it to me please Austin!??
its not my birthday can i get 5like?
Waiting for this since the RTX on insta!??????
30th view yay
You want a fast PC you just need a Sonic plush, stash it in there and BOOM.
Hey Austin,this is PC
0:07 AMD FAN be like: Finally Austin has update to a ryzen... i9 and RTX... triggering intensifies
Nice video!
When your were installing those parts did you make sure to wear your "wireless antistatic wristband"?
30th view yay
30th view yay
Don't comment "But can it run Minecraft 60fps"
I’m new to making videos on strange on mystery topics and would appreciate some feedback :))Io
7:30 sevennnty??
Nice i'm early today!
Those dinosaur hand tho
I swear i will like this comment. You swear you must like.
The beast pc but money$$$
465
Can we talk about how sexist Austin is? Always saying "hey guys" but never "hey girls"
Hey guys this is Austin
Early
If you like my comment i will delete despacito
29 views 293 likes seems legit
29 views 347 likes 145 comments hmmmm
29 views 344 likes. Seems legit.
Just realized I could have been first comment, but was too busy watching the video unlike everyone else
Please go 2:1
Why do you make it look so easy to build an expensive gaming pc? Please give that to me
30 views and 200 likes... YT is drunk again??
Lol who thought he was gonna build a pc in the fastest time
nasa wants back its pc
Damn its a beast but when is RTX gonna make some difference literally no content for it
??? ???? ??
Your the best
Nice
0:20 GOTEEM
But is it faster than TLD
Im early Fastest click in the west
killer pc i never seen this type of pc i love it
Maybe 9999 like?
First
You shoulda built it in a Mickey Mouse bag....
Big fan
Notif squad ??
Can I have it?
The video starts @ 0:00 your welcome
Wow im early
27 veiws 200 like 102 comments I think YouTube is drunk again
Hey Austin Guys this is
Hi
27 views 163 likes and 73 comments.
Sperm.
28 views oof give me this pc dad
No too late for first comment... Do I get a like from Austin Evans Himself?
I hate people who asks for likes. Like if you agree. Oh wait
Austin Fans Like Here??
But was it worth it?
27 Views 209 Like SEEMS LEGIT
Great video. Was so fast it only took 2 minutes to watch.
Hey gaming pc this is Austin
but can it run Roblox
thank u
!Austin is this !guys Hey
Too much ????
I'm earlyu
Next Video: The Fastest Austin I've Ever Built...
The Fastest Stove I've Ever Built
Harder, Better, Faster, Stronger
Facts about Humans They breathe
AUSTIN I LOVE YOUR VIDS YOU ARE THE BEST (:
The fastest comment I have ever typed.
PLEASE REVIEW A LAPTOP NEAR 1000$ (ALL AROUND WITH NO RED ) WHICH I HATE BTW.. :)
Wasssssuuuuuupppp
First dislike
First
lol hope you guys have a good day
Boi 1 minute late..dang
I love u man
32nd
You could recycle this title every year... Seriously, news reporters and tech companies should stop using that clickbaity term. iPhone, the fastest phone on earth Xbox One X, the most powerful console on earth No shit ??
first
Austin this, is hey guys!
This is the fastest comment I have made
Ok, so basically, this is Austin
69 comment
Hey guys this is austin
100% Not Click bait
RIP headphone users @ 0:00
Wow
Cool
oof
Wow
I have a $400 HP for gaming and it does what I need with no issues. No need to upgrade for a few years. I’m good with my core i3 ??
Ree
I want 999 likes no more and no less. Ty
If only I knew how to build a pc...
But is it faster that an airplane?
Next: Building slowest PC
Must be nice to have a pc
notification gang
Opened the video just to listen to "Hey guys, this is Austin" ??
The Fastest Mini Refridgerator I've Ever Built
very nice
Hey Austin, this is Guys!
Howdy would you like to donate a gaming pc to me!!??
My dream came true
Omg
austin make a pc with 8x gtx 1080 ti
25th view
THIS MAN CANNOT BE STOPPED
Austin's videos are best ????
Epic
well thats a turtle
cool
i am the 24 th
The fastest comment i have ever wrote
Hey Austin it’s GUYS!
28th
I LOVE THIS CHANNEL
In the first 20
Hey guys, this is austin!
First
Austin is a dumb
He is a cock sucker a professional one ???
7th comment
First like and first here
Took long enough for the rtx video
7th
Hi
Hi austin
First
First
Ali a makes some cool vids
Hi
HEY AUSTIN THIS IS GUYS
Firstt
Hello
First ??
Hell yeah!!
25th
Almost first.....
Fat yeet
OMG am i first
Third
yup
first
Ez
what upAustin
Hi
3e
Yee
ey
Small update: The Silent Base 801 does indeed have feet.....they were just buried under styrofoam at the bottom of the box. Sorry for the confusion!
At 10:00 you talk about the plastic fan mounts, where can I get them?
it would be great to see a follow up video of you adding a GPU aio liquid cooler to this!
Dosen't look like that power supply gets any airflow.
???????, ?????!
how to actually clean those little air pockets on the side if dust gets in?
cinematic crazy
1000 rpm on SilentWings? Still pretty loud, compared to my system. Also, why not use a custom fan curve on the GPU?
The Duke is such a sexy card <3
my sort of rig
I have the same bedsheets and nightstand. Yay IKEA
Bequiet's block/pump and hoses are ugly af though. Wouldn't buy that AIO for a clear side panel case unless it brought Chiller-like performance lol :D
"please turn up your volume and put on headphones" silent humming of pc "PRETTY DAMN QUIET!!"
nice case... bud i dont like the upside down installation from the motherboard..
Zowie mouse... respectable.
well you should replace the sound pads with high quality Asphalt absorbers from the car industry also no glass on the side and put a noise barrier inside like Sonozorb B (effective & non flammable) Also place it on a "acoustic module system(not blocking airflow)" like u use it in open offices to reduce sound transmission to other workplaces :) that is then really quiet :) i Did it and can not hear if it is running.
Just out of curiosity, why is it whenever I go to the links for the items to your videos, most of the time, they dont have them in stock, or are insanely high or insanely mental pricing? Example, the Silent loop 360, $172, kinda high, but $48 to ship it... or what about the Dark Power power supply, $656, only one of them, and its from somewhere with only a 65% positive rating... who in the hell is going to pay $600+ for a power supply from a very low rating...
I don't see the parts in the description ?
1200 Watt psu..talking about overkill.
How much did u spend for that pc?
you should have a tutorial on how to set this up. I was thinking of building my first PC and I really wanted my PC to run extremely powerful and extremely quiet. your video is exactly what I was looking for, so if you can help me how exactly to set this up, I would be grateful
This guy always start a video with saying "hello good people" this is so nice man. I've never saw any content creator that welcomes viewers like that. Awesome detail, thx for being nice dude!
Hi Dimitri! Thanks for another great video. Could you share what resources you use for music? I like the music you've chosen for your build montage a lot.
Finished a silence focuses build for on audio engineer last weekend. Guess the loudest part: -Yes, it indeed is the coil whining 200€ fucking BeQuiet PSU. What a fucking joke!
what is that plastic peg for installation guys ?
HC does an LTT build.
I really do not like those orange accents. Stealth looks are so much sexier.
Quiet please!
what's the background music at 13:30?
Little side note, my PC was louder watching this video than the actual video was. I turned the volume up so your voice was pretty much at shouting volume and I could still barely hear your fans over mine. My air circulation system is off right now as I'm writing this and I never noticed how loud this PC actually is until now. And I have the "Silent" series fans from Thermaltake...
Awesome video! I've been trying to decide on my next case for the last six months, I've been looking at anything from the Thermaltake Core V21 to the Phanteks P350X, but this has made up my mind. BeQuiet build here I come!
Great editing, really informative. I'm subscribed! Only critisism I'd give is when you're doing the sound comparison please make some kind of visual que before you speak! Damn near blew my eardrums back into my skull.
Great video! I enjoyed it. I have a question, as I am looking for new fans, I am about to built a new build in Evolve X case, but I want new fans for it. Which is your recommended RGB fans? Sexy ones that isn't "too" loud. Keep up the great work!
Why didn't you install the case feet? I own this case and I know that it does have them.
Quality editing :) great job on this video!
Nice video, I have always been interested in having a pretty quiet PC as I usually have mine in my living room and it is obviously annoying to have a loud PC.
can gigabyte h97-gaming 3 with i5 4460 run without gpu?
"Quietest build!!!"... Goes with an AIO and 7200rpm HDDs... What the F...
150$ is a lot for the case, especially that case.
The question is: will there be an all 140mm fan 2018 case that doesn't choke your hardware (and doesn't look like it's from the SciFi 80s @ Cooler Master)
nice. im running my 9900k at 5.2 ghz on all cores.
Headphone users turn up your volume "SO THIS IS LOAD VOLUME" fml
I had to turn up the volume on this video because of the noise of my PC
Also....a Asrock mobo? Pure crap. Asus are far superior.
Dimitry you’re CANADIAN. So act like it and say Z PROPERLY. Zee is WRONG Zed is CORRECT
quietest without NOCTUA doesn't exist .
PSU doesn't have 0-RPM mode ? this is just an ad.
I have a 570x with a strix 1080 at the bottom pci e slot which gives it 2cm for airflow and I don't think its loud...
If you want it to be even quieter, use closed side panel with noise dampener, put the PC under your desk. I'm thinking of a wall mounted PC case so I can hang it behind my table to block the maximum amount of noise while also removing the big box from the way. Any better ideas? I want max silence, don't plan to showcase the PC itself.
i like to target 60c on cpu :)
So? Did you bump the fans up since the case is pretty awesome? I would. A couple more decibels higher would give you excellent cooling performance. Just under 80c temps still feels a little toasty for me.
The Ultimate Terrible Launch PC Build Get it ? :v
Shit already accidentally turned it off
Turn your volume up, get your headphones. PrEtTy DaMn QuIeT
I love be quiet!
This is a dramatically quiet machine... it's fantastic, but for me personally, if I owned that machine it would eat me up inside to leave that bit of performance on the table with the 9900k... I would want to max out my boost pushing it at high as I could with whatever configuration i could come up with for overclocking it. to maintain the silence, and perhaps increase it some, I might tinker with the idea of moving to a full custom loop with front and top mounted radiators and get the gpu in on the liquid cooling action as well so you can overclock the lot while still maintaining ridiculously low volume.
my GOD dat production/editing.
I have always liked your reviews of cases Dmitry. This is another one of those greats! Your story telling at the beginning of the video is also a welcome for someone like me. Those little intros really add a flair to your videos reviews. Thank you, for all the work you do.
I bought and built my new pc in this same case and I had difficulty with the rubber mounts staying on, and getting my mb screws in for my Asus z370a prime. Also one of the tabs on the vent broke clean off with little force when trying to take it off. Other than that the two fans it comes with plus my Asus 1070 strix make for a quite and cool machine. Also I have a question for anyone out there than can answer. What are the best cable accessories “cable mods” I should buy. I’m looking to do a cleaner cable management job for my rig and wonder what company would be the best to order these from.
You missed the chance for a pun. You should have ended with "Remember, Be Quiet!"
11:08 that's some incredible Hz
I got a haircut this weekend too!!
OMG this Setup is so cool but so expensive.. can just dream about it!
I love quiet PC builds. This video was awesome!
I have my radiator with 2 noctua NF A12x25 and 3 Corsair LL for the rest of my case (it's a nzxt Manta), quiet as F.
I'd be interested in seeing if you flipped the rear fan to intake cool air if your now positive pressure would improve the aio rad cooling and thus lower the cpu temp.
It this wasn't clearly sponsored by BeQuiet you could make it more quiet with a noctua NH-D15 for the CPU and an AIO solution for the GPU where it goes full passive on idle (like the Gigabyte 980 ti waterforce). The temps that you are getting are way off the charts IMHO (too hot). Edgy video, not for real enthusiasts.
I love how quickly things have switched between Intel and AMD. Just a couple years ago, Intel ran cool as a cucumber and AMD would be oven hot. Now Intel is nuclear hot and AMD is cool as a cucumber.
Whats his accent if anybody knows
Masterpiece!
This case is one of the WORST case to build on..along side the darkbase 900 pro rev 2..have to move around multiple parts every time you have to change/add things.
When the new 9980xe comes put it will dominate any thread ripper
My computer isnt quiet but its not loud enough to be annoying. While gaming Cpu temps of my i5 8400 went to high 40's low 50's Gpu1(rx 580 8gb) went to about low 60's and Gpu2 (game doesnt support 2 graphics cards) went to mid 30's
Wtf is that hairstyle...shit go back to the "before haircut Dmitry"
Great video, I just put together a quite PC with a 9700k and noctua u14 cooler on that same z390 taichi. My wife said she doesn't like my system being so quiet because now I can hear her fart when she is watching TV in the other room.
Thank you!!
i want to "BeQuiet" plis
Nice Video, but I would prefer the dark rock pro 4 instead of the aio.
But then my wallet would start screaming and yeah i dont want that.
WOW.... 1 million already huh ? CONGRATZ LADS. That's impressive.
Yooo Dmitry,whats your Bnet? Lets grind D2 together. Lol
No rgb = Silent Pc
honestly i love my jet engine XD no need of silence if you use a potent headset :|
Shut up!
Damn
Demtri please review the tachi ultimate!!!
My DB Pro 900 system makes the exact same sound....
The loudest parts of my Pc were power supply and hard drive, changing both lowered the noise substantionally.
The 801 case without a window is it even quieter or is the no difference??
????
I doubt that Be quiet was the first to use noise dampening material in a computer case . Antec came out with the P183 in 2009 that had noise dampening material, Be Quiet introduced its first midi case in 2014.
open the window, i wanna know how quiet it is after collecting dust
Youtubers keep shilling that overpriced Intel oven and the EXTREMELY overpriced 2080 series.
Canuck Power
I swapped my stock h110 fans for 2 noctua nf-a14 and the exhaustfan to a noctua nf-s12a chromax my cpu dropped 5 degrees in idle and the pc is way quieter.
my bluetooth speaker wouldn't turn on for the first minute of this video. turns out I didn't miss anything
Want it even more silent from where you are sitting? Place it in a different room. . .
You forgot to measure the sound levels of your wife (which I assume would be around 110 dB).
Is it my phone speakers or you sound low-key robotic?
Running at 75 degrees under a 360 aio?! That thing runs damn hot
Meanwhile my gigabyte 2080ti is loud as shit cause the cooler and fans are garbage
scruffy hair is better!
the price make me screaaaaam...
so what would be the difference between Noctua and Be Quiet,if there's any?
What brand is the sweater you were wearing???
Remove plant before watering.
mine runs at 29.7dba :)(idle~medium load) at one meter , integrated amplifier transformer buzz is louder than my pc at one meter (1080ti, 4670k @ 4.4ghz, 2x140mm, 4x120mm all running 300~400rpm during idle) all air cooled
so watercooling the gpu would be even better ?
loud in my books, gotta get a custom loop if you want to be cool and quiet. GPU fans are the worst offenders in my books.
Just moved my Ryzen 1700X system over from a Define S case to a Dark Base 700 and besides looking better it's actually a little quieter gaming under load (when the 1080Ti spins up). Both cases were near-silent at idle.
going to need to OC the bedroom for more oomph~ ;)
My pc is just like that and it’s silent
Fractal Define R6 any day!
Why is the amazon link German? Lol
Well done be quiet!
to hott for me unless im trying to warm my house
So Dimitri, where are you from? Because you're accent is amazingly interesting. I can't place it.
mine is quieter than this one and i still think it is too loud LOL
Says silent uses clc with a pump, srsly...
7:51 Music?
An easy way to have a silent PC is having your CPU delidded and then run it at stock or a light OC.
Ayyyy slick haircut
Stress the system with a 3D rendering, everything at 100% (CPU+GPU+IGPU). Premiere was not pushing it at max.
they need to ditch the orange.
I've owned 2 be quiet PSU's, and they both died about 6 months after the 3 year warranty expired. Get those long PSU warranties people!!!
I want to build a PC, knowing which software I’ll be using, with specific hardware, kind of “optimization”. Where do I start?
nice hair
Did they fix the Silent Loop pump making horrible noise after 2 month ? People considering it should check buyer feedback and video youtube showcasing the issue.
Please review the sound blaster x ae5.
They way you open your videos is always amazing. Nice work my dude. :3
I'm in Canada and I can't find any of those Be Quiet stuff on any of the local retailers. :(
Gorgeous video * . *
To really have the quietest and best performance, you need Noctua fans.
Can you use a radiator in front of this case and still install HDDs or you have to remove all the cages to install the radiator?
Damn dude taichi is big dick energy.
I've got three Silent Wings 3 (2x 140mm + 1x 120mm) and a beQuiet Shadow Rock Slim. My PC is sitting right beneath me on the desk and I can't hear anything. GPU is the MSI Gaming X 1060 6GB and case is the NZXT H500.
Mr steal his hat got stole his hat.
Would have run a lot more Cool and Quiet if you would have made it a Ryzen build.
What if the next video is not sponsored by bquiet and you put to good use those 6 noctua fans you have hiding there somewhere to see if the system is quieter and/or cooler?
Shintel
For silence you need a water cooled GPU. Maybe an EVGA Hybrid with its AIO and aftermarket fans would work better when the hybrid is available.
U need noiseblocker fans man
I actually lowered my volume right as he was saying "Let's tone it down" lol. Coincidence? I think not
PRETTY DAMN QUITE!!
Quiet at 4.7ghz is easy to achieve with other cases too. That defeats the point. We want quiet WITH performance. 5ghz quiet case. CMON !!!!!
The solution is to use a Ryzen cpu, or at least, not a lower power intel chip. Reducing the need to cool, means fewer, slower fans, and 1 less pump because watercooling isn't essential anymore. Also, Rubber HDD mounts, or SSHD's (they have 5400rpm disks instead of 7200) Or just pure SDD's Make those fixes and you won't even need a restrictive case for sub ambient noise. If you must watercool, absolutely add the GPU to the loop, as the GPU has louder fans than you can buy for cases and radiators.
Just noticed, non of your videos are 60FPS.
I want that sweatshirt
Any build like this is extremely silent when you compare it to the screams of agony coming from your bank account xD
30db is loud AF, its silent because you live in a loud environment, in my room its 25db , put a 30ish db PC i guaranteed you can instantly spot it , sub 25db is real silent pc
Why does the i9 get really hot
dont get the point of "quite pc" pcs are already quite XD even with my cheap ass shitty "Vivo smart case" which came damaged and bent, the pc is a foot away from me and i BARELY can hear it
without the stands can't breath from the bottom
Sorry but the case have stands but you didn't instaled
i couldn't hear the noise comparison because my pc was too loud.
You should use asus rtx2080ti with its quiet bios preset is the quietest all rtx2080ti.
I had a dream that my power supply was shooting fire ?? so I jumped up ( at midnight) and turned my pc on ....everything was ok
Silent pc with an aio. Press X to doubt
U literally cant say quiet after youve said i9 9900K.... Its extremely hot so it needs strong and loudy cooling.
That's an ugly case!
water cooling on a silent build ?? WTF !!!
Based solely on your goal, I would send those fans you last installed back as it didn't make a difference in quietness...wasted money. Appreciate this video and your videos...I always learn something new.
I need a good gaming headset without a mic
Fuckboi hair.
that gpu sag tho :(
why not just passively cool it all?
I can still easily hear the fans and the changing frequency when you shut it off and the fans slowly stop spinning but it is reasonably quiet for such a powerhungry system. Some good advice which I missed in this video: you can also lower the power draw strongly while loosing little performance by lowering the voltage and to some extend the clock frequency, depending on the hardware and what you use it for.
Nice video. Now I want to make a new build. I built a silent PC 3 years ago. It was so silent I failed to notice it was on sometimes. And even under load I could clearly hear the fans but it was still a nice sound. Now after 3 years my MSI graphic cards fans are starting to get old. One of the fans has a rattling noise. It's subtle but I have very good hearing so I notice it quite often. So bye bye ultimate silence. Same story with my new Asus Zenbook UX331UAL I just bought. I wanted an ultrabook for my studies, which usually have great portability and battery life. Unfortunately the CPU fan, which is the only moving part in this laptop is probably a little faulty cause it also has some rattling noise. Of course the fan is so thin you can't expect too much but I didn't think a new fan would make some rattling noise. It was very noticable at the beginning but ist a little bit better now. Still even with Quiet Fan Mode ON the fan turns sometimes at very low rpm and when I am in a very silent room and I put my ear closer to the laptop I can hear it. Which is very annoying. I am such a silence freak I am even considering to return this laptop and buy one which has no fans :/
Pc pornography in a nutchshell
Hey Dmitry - I would love to see a video where you guys strap a couple of silent wings onto a GPU heatsink, as a replacement for the stock fans - I'm considering doing this myself as well.
That case isn't supposed to sit flush on the desk or carpet, it actually comes with rail type feet that lift it a bit up and give it a wider stance for stability.
Just drop tdp to 135W and you can use air coolers easily. All core 5GHz draws under 90W in games. Stop scaring people into bying 250€ motherboards and 150-200€ coolers, when you can oc as high with 150€ motherboard and 50€ air cooler if you just play games and dont want to run avx @5GHz.
Nice transition with the hair.
cant exactly say why, but it dont feel comfortable with 75° cpu temps. especialy not when the case is next to me on the desk. i can feel the heat coming off of my case after 2 hours of gaming and that borthers me more then fan noise
Nice video but where do you placed the casefeet? You have to attach them after unpacking the case. They are stored in the styrofoam in a additional location.
didnt the bigg guy from linus test aitflow restriction is a myth. unles you put it full of cloth
Got everything watercooled with a 360 on top and a 240 at the front, all ek Vardar except for 1 noctua fan at the front. The Vardar fans start spinning at 60° on the CPU so until I game there is almost no noise, I can only hear it when I hold my ear directly next to the front.
No USB type C, not on my wishlist. I really like the be quiet design and colors etc but R6 still top of my list.
Why are you promoting this ENERMAX garbage AIO? Just look at the reviews on Amazon and other sites. I bought their fans too because I liked the looks, now I'm sending them back because they are loud as hell.
stop putting that little dumb plant on every rig.
I would buy be quiet itx case... Something that has same look and quality like this but small like qbx kaze...
I understand sponsorship by Be quiet, but thats not a way to build a silent PC at all! No glass for silence, and no AIOs, you should have gone with Dark Rock Pro 4 that is even quieter than NHD15, and both being quieter than any AIO pump as well as on par with performance. For the rear you should have swapped the stock fan with a Silent Wings 3 120mm HS PWM and move the rear stock fan to the front. Optionally one more 120mm fan to the front. And if you want to go really "extreme" you could dress the psu shroud with be quiet's noise dampening mat that has a huge effect when GPUs ramp up their fans. Then create custom fan curves for the fans with the rear being tied to both GPU/CPU to rump up to whatever its hotter. The 2 lower front fans to the GPU and the 1 higher fan on the front to be tied to the CPU. Imho that way not only you would end up using more products from your sponsor, but also a 2 part video probably for hardware build and software tuning/temp monitoring.
I was surprised when I heard the results about being so quiet.
So many haters in the commentz! PAID VIDEO PAID VIDEO ! So Dimitry praised them,and will use them for his build,but they are utter garbage,and loud,just to get a little $$$? Why you guys watch Hardware Canucks then if they're such lying greedy scumbags?
That's the next upgrade for my system, switching the RGB SP120 Corsairs for bequiet! fans. Loosing the RGB goodness but they are SOOOOOOOO loud, it's not even funny
Custom loooop
Why didnt you USE the bequiet cpucooler... you know, the one with a fan
Why not the Gaming X Trio, it has much better overclocking capabilities
Wouldn't be so warm with 2700X.
I need a new case and the 801 Window is the one I need ????
hmm. what is diffference (prefomance) is between be quiet 801 and Fractal Design R6? vs. video?
Sponsored by be quite...... Plugs in enermax promo ??.
The Shadow Wings have 9 smaller blades and the Silent Wings 2 and 3 each have 7 bigger ones. Does that mean that the Shadow Wings is better suited for airflow and are best used as exhaust fans while the Silet Wings are better suited for intake and pushing air through the CPU cooler and harddrive cage because they can build a higher static pressure?
Great video my dude!
I Got a fucking titanic 2 ad xD
Define R4, Noctua fans, NH-U14S, 30% fan speed on GPU. Inaudible.
AIO and silence... Not exactly, eh
I'll leave you guys with a tip. When you use identical fans they create a harmonic noise, which adds to each other. If you mix and match quiet fans from different manufacturers with different blade designs, and change up the fan speed RPM, you can create a noise DEADENING effect by killing the harmonizing effect caused by similar fans/speeds. I used this effect to make a dead silent (for my ears) build with a non-silent case and non-silent fans. By taking advantage of slow and quiet spinning fans, all from different manufacturers, and intentionally changing up their speeds, using a mix of active and active/passive cooling you can put an aggressive overclock and keep your system dead silent.
How about a silent fanless 9600 build with 1070ti?
I'm so used to my PS4 getting so loud that my PC with only two stock fans sound miraculous.
very quiet wow good
Man Whew that was quiet and sexy... great video... fun
I think it's time for me to go from Jet engin to Tesla. Bad exemples ik. I need me those fans :)
Someone call Linus.
Please dont say to turn up the volume and put on headphones then talk at normal volume! OUCH
Thats not quiet , sounds like AC
nice work and i see you downloaded RTX, cool
I bought a silent base 600 literally three days ago to build my rig into it (600 because I still use optical drives). It's not silent (my components aren't extremely quiet), but I'm still very happy with it. On idle, under my desk, the noise is barely noticeable, and when I crank up the fans to play some games, it does get a bit louder, but still quieter than my PC in my old case on idle, and definitely nothing you would call loud. Temperatures are good too, even with just the two case fans. I'll probably add more in time, but it's doing really well even like this. Recommended!
OK HALF THE VID IS ABOUT THE CASE JUST BUILD IT
We want silent at optimum performance not just silent at low speeds
Those plastic pegs are pain if you want to take out and clean the fans!
do you think it's silence? Yes but hot inside because intel inside
wow that Asrock board actualy looks great
Let's make a commercial What a shit video
I don’t like the pop off side panel with that button. I actually prefer the look with the screws on the side like of that on the Dark Base Pro 900.
be quiet!!
just dont use any fans, fans=noise, ez clap
noctuas are still better
I may have to check out their cases, etc.
How does the GPU with that beefy cooler does not have any sag? I'm surprised.
Finally a building without RGB !!! Very nice without the RGB hell!
kinda not quiet..
If u use this case than nobody would say "Be quiet" So Be Quiet was the first company to use sound dampening material on cases. Interesting. That's how u totally justify brand name????
6 minutes talking about the case!!
The quality is amazing, I can't believe you are shooting this on GH5! Probably one of those F1.4 glasses...
In my case I have a total of 18 fans (including fans on the Gfx card(2) and mobo(2)). 5x filtered Intake 140mm Noctua NF-P14 (idle <600rpm load<780rpm) & 1x filtered intake 120mm Noctua NF-P12 (constant <750rpm) and through the Corsair H150i PRO AIO is 3x PUSH exhaust 120mm Noctua NF-F12(2k) (idle <570rpm load<630rpm) and 3x PULL 120mm Corsair ML series (constant <750rpm), custom fitted 40mm fan for the mobo Vcore heatsink(constant <2220rpm), 2x fans on MSI GTX970 (idle <696rpm load<1800rpm), 2x mobo fans (constant rpm ~2601rpm & ~3000rpm), PSU Fan Corsair HX850i (idle <0rpm load<780rpm) now the dB @ idle the room is too noisy to be able to get an actual reading but it is <29dB@1m (with pc off room doesn't get quieter) at load it is <34dB@1m with CPU temp @load is 36c under TJMax and GPU max is 72c@load. People can't believe that 18 fans can be so quiet and the rig runs perfectly cooled. Positive air pressure FTW (if filtered correctly).
"The only whine you'll hear from this PC is the one coming from your wallet"
HardwareCanucks can just build an even quieter PC without side glass panels lol
BeQuiet! liked this video.
this pc is a like a girl/man who's so hot and you're gonna happy with for the rest of your life
When you tell us to turn up the volume and put on headphones, but then talk loudly. Trollololol
Built my quietest PC spending $0... *Imagination*
I made my quietest PC spending $0... *Imagination*
Silent but deadly...??
Intel has made underclocking mainstream. This is progress?
hey you! be quiet! (pun totally intended)
That's a very impressive result . I've got a quiet system with an r7 1800x (with a noctua nh-d15 2 fan 140) and a 2080ti FE. My system is 35 db on light load 42 db in heavy load (heavy games 2080 ti at 75% fan speed) and 45db at full load (measures at 2 cm from the case side glass pannel) I used phanteks fans (2x140) for input and deepcool fans (1x140 +2x120) for output and two small 60 fans in input right near the gpu (with ball bearings). At the end with my mobo fans calibration i've obtained a preatty solid neutral airflow in a quiet system with good performance for value ... well there are some ecceptions ... you know a 2080 ti is not the best performance for value gpu at moment but... whatever. Just a little curiosity . How much noisy is the cpu cooler ? Liquid coolers usually are not too much quiet ... But this is a bequiet one and bequiet can do the magic trick !
This guy is such a be quiet fangay
awesome case...but it doesn't offer much under the budget line.. btw nice build dimitri ...
do you know how quiet my laptop is? it has no fans...
Come on dimitri, you can’t say put on headphones and turn up the volume and then start talking.
... PRETTY DAMN QUIET
i honestly think with a meshify or similar airflow case, you might get better temps and sound, your gpu wouldnt be as starved of cold air, therefore not needing to have a high fan curve, and the cpu with the AIO wouldnt be hot boxing itself due to the terrible top panel design on the silentbase 801, just my 2 cents
This is a really nice video...especially for people not interested in custom loops and RGB...aesthetic, clean and quiet. :)
Perfect. My planned build, awesome to see it with my eyes. Great job as always, now I'm not scared of thermals with a silent system..
Your face-to-head ratio is low.
Cant beat my custom WC build who runs at lowest RPM fans at any load with good temps and good overclock on cpu and gpu. Only noise is a bit of coil whine of my ass provided by nvidea
Does the case come with the plant pot?
mini itx be quite case??
That hair is lookin pretty dapper!
silent pc isn't a thing for me since its quite noisy around my house
What’s up Dmitry good people here
QUIETEST i think you just invented that word for the video :D
Mine is more quite
What if you swapped out the bq fans for the Noctua A12's?
honestly hope the cooling methods of CPU/GPUs will be innovated by a clever person soon. It's just counter intuitive that the hot air spewed out by your GPU ends up going up through the top radiator if you have your top mounted radiator on exhaust. Conversely if you have a front mounted radiator with intake that would have pre-warmed air reaching your GPU. Maybe a case with a separate radiator chamber where the air passes from outside through the rad and back outside? I know the case jayztwocents uses for his skunkwork's pc has a bottom radiator chamber, but there's no mid tower or even full tower PC cases with this implemented.
I couldn't hear it at 13:15 cause my computers too loud.
Why not compare the noise levels with other desktop builds?
1200 watt RiP my bill
Hardware can you please donate me a Gaming pc any would be good i really enjoy watching gaming videos and i would really like to experience gaming i dont have a gaming or a console please i cant afford a gaming pc and i can get money cause i am still 13 please
Good job for load noise. Idle, my pc is silent, gaming ummm just no lol.
can i get an id on that hoodie it's fresh
Man that subscribe picture at the bottom right corner always pops up at the best time
If only they didn't have orange on their stuff. I hate orange.
dark rock pro 3 is more silent than silent loop 360 with noisy pump...
10 fans PSU has 1 fan and GPU has 3 fans. ??
How much did u spend on this? ??
If you want a REALLY silent system you have to use custom loop components but this is still a very nice gaming pc and probably silent enough for the vast majority of people. I personally prefer custom loops but I get why most people wouldn't build one because of the price and a (small) risk of damaging your components.
Silent loop 360 is not worth it, I went through 3 of them in one year, after 4-5 months they all started to make a loud grinding sound.
13:13 Jesus Christ mate, a warning would have been nice and less painful to my ears.
Here is a bit of info.. The BIGGER the fan the less noise..   Tested this back in 2010..   Small fans are the worst.. Anything under a 140mm fan isn't an option. Do a custom water loop with external water box..  PC = (3) 200 mm fans and one 230mm, water box has cards and CPU on loop. Don't even have to worry about fan RPMs.. I don't get anywhere near the temps on the rig in this video.
Dig the haircut and the build!
Does it come in all white
Nice Haircut ^_^
The pump of your be quiet CLC will fail sooner or later ;)
Metallic gear case review?
I know you said everything was at stock speeds, but did you undervolt the CPU/GPU? I'm a fan (pun intended) of keeping hardware at stock speeds and lowering the voltage for improved efficiency, temps, and fan noise. I undervolt almost every computer I have. Most CPU/GPUs have extra stock voltage for safety and overclocking headroom, but at stock speeds you don't need it, and you can get much lower results with some tweaking.
I just got the 601 and it's better than my 900 little baffled by that
Biggest problem for building a silent pc is pump noise and coil whine. I've tried doing a small noiseless itx build. But the waterpump is a pity, the coil whine and the fact that blower cards is often most suitable in small cases, but nobody makes silent blower cards...
3:42 there is a gap but you took off the side mounted feet closing the gap
yOu WoUlD'Ve HaD bEtTeR tEmPs AnD lOwEr DeCiBeLs WiTh NoCtUa!
Why does dimitry have the best b rolls
Love me some be quiet! Just got the Dark Power Pro 11, and together with 6 be quiet! fans in my system, it's so nicely quiet<3
????????? ? ????? ????? ?? ??????? ???????????! ?? ?? ? ?????????... ?, ? ?? ????? ?? ????????? ????, ??????
Sexy
I like Be Quiet!'s products, but their company name and their logo are absolutely cringe-worthy. I only use their products when my case has no windows and their logo is hidden from view. So I certainly wouldn't ever use a case with the logo emblazoned on the front.
It is nice, quiet and high end PC
You make the best you tube videos man
I told my mom i wanted to build a PC and she told me BE QUIET! I said ok.??
I’ve put that in every one of my comments for months
Please take a look at the new arctis 2019 and the rival 650 from SteelSeries
I remember the old days where once you turn on a PC, it was noisy like a car engine. Hearing the drives spin up, and the fans starting. We came a long way since then
No fans can beat the new noctua fans in silence
top tier stuff as always
I have the AIO from Enermax and I can't recommended it. I got it with air inside, its louder than my whole system and the leds on the pump and the fans are flickering on every mode and almost every colour. Only in blue they are not flickering. The only good thing is that the temps are nice.
5930k at 4.5GHz (1.28v) cooled with an NZXT x62, GPU is a 1080Ti FTW3 Hybrid. Loudest thing in my box is the pump on the EVGA hybrid cooler =P That's just a nice gentle hum. All noctua fans at ~800RPM unless temps break 80C, which is rare. I have an older video of it on my channel with a slightly different setup.
Magnificent editing Dimitri!
Guess you never built an HD Plex
even the RGB is quiet
Cummmm
Liquid cooling the GPU would reduce noise and temps.
Did you get a haircut mid-video? :D
If only that "beautiful glass" panel was solid black, instead of windowed. Nothing like being distracted by the internal lights of a PC, especially one like this that would double as a HTPC. You get a silent case, but one that's high in visual pollution.
Horrible airflow design.
Very cool video!
killer any audio pc in a studio needs to be quiet as possible....
PRETTY DAMN QUIET!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Dammit Dmitri, I had my speakers at 50 percent LOL
The Damn Quiet Award!
Mr reach himself created a fabulous beast Im 15 btw and im watching tech channels like these that i feel like 20 and 30 year old people watch.
I've been liking these new Be Quiet cases but none of them have come to Canada yet :/
Why not just turn the System Volume down...
Wouldn't you achieve the same silence results with a custom watercooler? Price wise I think that would be the same since be quiet is not cheap...
only way to go silent is with a full custom water loop and ek vardar 1850 rpm fans. My Core P5 is 100% silent with maxed fan speeds. ??
My tower is relatively the exact same as this besides the CPU cooler. I have a delidded 8700k with a Dark Rock Pro cooler. I was thinking about using BeQuiet's water cooler, but it had more moving parts, the fans + pump, instead of the Dark Rock Pro, which is just a heatsink with fans. I love it as you can't tell the system is powered on, unless you search for some type of LED or looking at the monitor.
why the duke ? the trio is quieter
should't you place the radiator at the front so you can avoid negative pressure??
Another great video. Awesome editing, narrative and information. Cooling a hot CPU without noise is certainly a nice challenge.
I guess if the accent color was not orange, they would sell much more...
0:05 Wow! A $300 DAC
I've been intrigued by Be Quiet's (technically "be quiet!") silence-focused pc gear for a while. I've been looking at building a powerful, yet quiet system, and this is the very purpose of this company's existence, so you would think they excel at this. They're a German company with an English name, yet their AIO cooler isn't available in the US for some reason on their site (some forums said legal reasons, but who knows). It's now available on Amazon (legal loophole?), so I just might pull the trigger and build an all Be Quiet system (case, fans, AIO cooler, power supply).
6 fans at 1000rpm? That is noisy. Silent fans run below 200rpm. They wong't even register with that meter of yours.
very nice, i like this silent experiments
Whats interesting is that my OG Xbox One-s fan is preatty quiet still after 4 years of use... but the coil vine and the hard drive is so loud that you cant hear the fan at all. I cant even sleep if the xbox is turned off and not totally unplugged :(
6 fans... pffft I have 18 fans on my Mercury S8 all fans controlled by my Aquaero 6 and all fans run at 300RPM. And I guarantee it’s quieter than this.
No USB C in front? WTF???
honestly, your hair was better before
You guys really are an inspiration. Wish to start my own tech channel. All of the luck and prosperity to you guys!
Actually creating a positive pressure inside the case - more intake fans than outtake - makes it also quieter, maybe you should try this!! :)
Canucks ASMR channel coming soon...
I really like silent Pcs but this is jut a 15 min ad
What about the streacom db7
A Suggestion: When you tell the audience to turn on Sound on a high Level and use headphones.... DON'T TALK. Also indicate when the Sound test is over. Like use 3,2,1, and 3,2,1 blackscreens for Start and end
2:35 are those case feet optional accessories? You should have ended the video with "Be Quiet my friends." ;)
Try out an Arctic Accelero Xtreme III for your gpu, at least it supports rtx 2080, so it might also support 2080ti
I was actually looking at doing a whole new setup with Ryzen and this exact be quiet case as i really love orange colours and even though black and red is my favorate for a setup, i think this would just look even more stylish. Plus i play a lot of competitive games so the silence would be amazing. I need to watch more of the video but this case already makes me tingle in anticipation.
Would be great to test it with air cooling like Dark Rock Pro. Many people don't like watercooling.
Quietest? How about the FANLESS build you did? Shoulda named this vid the quietest pc we build with sponsored parts.
You have a really good Taste. I Love it
when bae says I’m ready 0:11
Why not the NF-A12x25?
@HardwareCanucks Please note at 9min07sec that in your SPL meter, you are using the F (fast) curve, used for impact noises. Please change to S(slow) to have a correct SPL reading.
my wallet will screaming like a baby mandrake :(
That editing...
What TKL keyboard is that?
this case without a window would be nice. i don´t like windows on my pc case
cablemod 24pin but no cablemod 2x8pin pcie ;-;
That is far from the best parts to achieve a quiet pc and I highly doubt it's the quietest you have ever built. I understand you have bills to pay but shilling for BeQuiet does not pass on to your viewers accurate information. Noctua fans have a better sound to performance ratios. A custom loop with a watercooled gpu is always quieter. There are better case options...etc.
Are bequiet! fans quieter than Noctua?
Everyone uses headphones anyways. This build is only useful for falling asleep while watching videos. ....like this one
I feel like one of the Aorus motherboards would have matched the black and orange look of the case more
Been a while since I've watched one of your videos and just saw that you have 1 million subs. Congrats!
Hate when the AIO tubing runs across your RGB ram...ruins the athsetics.
I literally just installed two noctua fans into my system and its unbelievable how quite my PC now is. Before it sounded like a airplane and now it's just a relief for my ears and concentration
Should call it Silent Scope Build... providing that Konami doesn't sue lol
calling 1000 rpm fans silent is bs...
ditch the 9900k for a ryzen or TR and you are going to run faster and cooler
it's so silent
Very good integration of the 801 name as the time in the beginning.
Mabe, you would have better cpu temperatures if you put the 360 rad at the front so that it is sucking fresh air and not the hot air that is coming from the gpu. But still a nice system??????. +rep
Silent, but deadly for your wallet.
Honestly the loudest part of your pc is not even the fans on idle running, It's the Hard drives that are spinning at 7200 RPM in a enclosure that is tightly mountain on a cheap aluminum panel that vibrates and loudens the noise I fixed this by simply putting them vertical in the bay with Soft plastic wrap on the sids of the bay which dramaticly lowered the sound and thus the vibrations
Was the load test only CPU stress?
That hair sketch was 300 IQ! :D
your system would be much more silent with a passively cooled gpu, e.g. on a palit kalmx card. also, the current Asrock boards tend to run more power through the 9900K. it is quite possible they run much cooler on other boards and thus asking less performance of the cooling system
I am buying this case for my i9 9900k and 2080 build. :3
at 13:21 i heard a fan ticking before everything spun down dont know what it was but might want to check for a bad fan or i could be wrong and it could be the pump for the aio i have never been near an aio or have owned one so ill leave up to you guys to figure it out
00:35 that reveal tho
GPU coil whine?
sponsorship aside, consider air flow and air pressure, which fan do you think is quieter, noctua A12x25 PWM or bequiet silent wings 3?
When you build the quietest PC, but a coil whine completely destroys it... XD
SHUT UP!
don't like those Be quiet cases.. Fractal Design is much nicer lol
Add another 140mm to the front and call it a day!
Nice & quiet!
i dont think its fair for people to display adverts with these guys they make even fingerprints and ddust on stuff look good
nice hair :D
I wish I can build my own pc but I’m stuck with a prebuilt that my dad has decided what I should get. Also it’s a brand people hate most and I wish it wasn’t that brand so I don’t get hate from owning one already. :(
If I could go back
Which air cooler can you recommend for 9900k?
Undervolt the CPU
In my computer with (VERY) cheap fans that came with the case (that was overprices compared to USA prices), the loudest thing is my GPU. It is so loud that I don't even see the point of investing in case fans. :| P.S. Is it possible (if i get good case fans) to impact the temps so big that the GPU gets quieter? The GPU is RX580 Nitro+
It would have been quieter and faster if you did a custom loop with 2 360mm rad's or something
Where do you connect all the AIO fans?
Rip air pressure for this build
everything is good, but gpu fans are not quiet. Remove stock fans and put be quiet fans. Perfection ??
I do count 10 fans -> 3 AIO 3 case 3 GPU and 1 Psu. Otherwise that's a pretty interesting build. Would love to see a noctua version of this.
I recently bought some 140mm Pure Wings 2 fans... even 1 of those on low is noisier than 3 Nanoxia deep silence fans at full speed.
PC Porn at its finest ??
I've changes the stock cooler on my GPU to a Morpheus II with 2x 140mm Noiseblocker eloop (liked the colour) and liquid metal. The fans never go faster than 500rpm (it is set to 0% fan speed in msi afterburn, but the fans don’t have a zero-fan speed mode) and GPU gets a max 55 C. So, maybe you could switch the cooler for an overall quieter experience.
i have a cheaper way and thats dont buy a 9900k
MOAR BLACK PC BUILDS!
Great setup
It's quiet riot!
Very good vid
Dark power pro 11 is too beautiful to put it in that shroud.
Gz for mil
Old hair was better
Just an ad
wow, this is truly awesome, it is what I will stive for when I get the budget.
Great looking system, not so flashy and in your face, as the typical gaming PC. :) Silent Wings 3 has become my absolute favorite fans over the last few years. I'm running them in my main system as well, and i just gotta say, after i moved away from exotic cooling, and started using the be quiet fans, the joy of using that system is so much higher. Quiet is just more pleasant. :) Though, i do miss the looks that water cooling offers.
7:52 start the build
3:45 What kind of awful person would but this then put it on carpet?
Its not a silent PC at all if you have an AIO. Pumps are loud.
im useing 6 140mm silent wings 3 fans and an darkrockpro 3, and even at full load. its a litle humming like noise but not that loud. im happy with it :)
You say the quietest tower, but I see no custom water cooling. My tower is quieter than that.
what about the fractal r5? they advertised it at 21.2 dB....
Looks nice besides the quiet. But Intel should know better...I mean I get real tired of having to delid CPUs even now with the 9900k soldered sTIM. Shame on intel. I for one do not consider 80c acceptable at load. I wonder how this would do with a full custom loop?
Really good color and composition through out all video. I'd say its a neat video
I got stock Intel fan. I dont care, i am not gonna hear it over the game sound
Link to the music?
Speaking of sound, will you guys ever review the sound blaster x ae5, or compare it to external dacs, given that you are one of the few larger tech channels that review audio gear?
Liar! you had build the Fanless Streacom's DB4 before. This is not the quietest. That build also had an external gpu.
liqfusion: (h?) ttp:// [..]
Why not try some Corsair ML fans? How would they compare.
Every video has dislikes. But why
The loudest part in my system is my 3 TB hardrive (which I acutally need) (at idle)
Those are very quiet fanes
its almost 2019 how come no1 fix the gpu sagging yet?
Should have used a FE 1080Ti and a intel stock cooler for your silent build, I have heard a lot of things about there sound levels...
Sexy haircut!
How loud is the pump compared to a fan? Maybe one can get the noise even more down by using a Noctua NH-D15...
Can i has?
Sick intro!
Has any ever told you that you look like chris pratt and your new hair cut adds upto that
happy with my FD R6 :)
Furst? No, twenty thurd ;_;
what are the temps like ?
My wallet hears it.
13:13 RIP headphone users who turned up the volume
AMD system will be color match with the case
This video is sponsored by BeQuiet & Enermax.
Paid videos ??
I watched this video on mute... with noise-canceling headphones.
silent for youtubers, very loud for viewers :D
Top 20 comment bruh
custom water loop would make it really silent. you guys should do water cooling you never dable in custom loops
Hey I currently have a 1050 ti and need something a bit more powerful can u help me either OC it or get me a better gpu.
The silent loop series is trash. The AIO will die anytime soon.
Be quiet! Personally i would call it... shhhh... ...ut the f up!!!
Nice build
Subscribe to my channel anyone plz
Silent But Not Silent For You Wallet xD
who knew a comedy with chris pratt playing as both main roles would be so funny and good!!! 10/10
Good morning from Indonesia
Daaannggg my pc sounds like the inside of a wind tunnel
Love this channel
Hi YouTube
7 one plz respond hardknacks
Very cool
unlisted