Well this was pretty fun to try! (apart from the egg, but maybe i'll beat it next time for an omelette)..... If you'd like to try a normal cooked breakfast, try here's a recipe https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QyQi__utmgU&vl=en More MVK tries on this playlist https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tgzxe7jJ6oA&list=PLfItiEY3o1msmCdkx49hQcmgh39L02lf5
Please do a slow cooker quiche
Seems we shop at the same argos ??
My suggestion would be to put the bacon in the empty space instead of a cup. Plus I would put the cup for the egg in but not the egg and half way through cooking I would turn the sausages down the bacon and then add your egg.
Jar tongs would work well for taking those out of the crock pot.
In the slow cooker you should try making sausage casoroll , spagball and chillier con carne all amazing stuff what you can make.
Spider-Man PS4 is a very good game
Softsages
I like Roast Beef with carrots potatoes and gravy in crock pots as well as meatballs. I don't recommend doing breakfast in them. Chili is okay in a crock pot. If you haven't tried those in your crock pot, that's the way to go if you want something in a few hours. I think you can probably do BBQ pulled pork for BBQ sandwiches in a Crock Pot too.
Your wife is beautiful very lucky man
8 months pregnant, and this channel is my current favourite pass time
Remember.... That grilled cheese was cause 120v doesn't do well on UK sockets. Not cause you left it on for too long ??
please dont baptise children in a crockpot barry.
This looks like dinner. Breakfast doesn't include beans. Those are for dinner or barbecue
Lo
I can't decide if you're 15 or 55...
I’ve never recognised a place in a YouTube video before, me and my partner have watched you for years mainly for your giant recreating videos turns out you’re really local to me so it’s nice to know I can get all the ingredients I’ve been worried I can’t get in my local shops! And maybe you’re the reason I can never buy chocolate for cooking ??
Can you make clotted cream in a slow cooker?
As an American I find it so funny that you thought a crock pot was something Western but it's literally just a slow cooker LMAO (side note I love your guys's lingo or names for things like hob for the stove????)
The way he said Barry can you please do crock pot recipes ??
Better start this when you go to bed if you want breakfast.
Nice try, but be honest: If you can't dip your sausage in the egg yolk, then it hasn't really worked has it? The mushrooms would have been improved by adding a tablespoon of water and a nob of butter/margarine at the start; (this also produces great microwaved mushrooms too!) I'm concerned that you used the correct kind of clingfilm. With certain types, they're not meant for cooking, because the plasticizers in them can become carcinogenic when hot.. (but then if that's a price you're willing to pay to have beans and tomatoes with your breakfast!.....)
was so shocked when i seen him in my local argos woah wtf
Crock-Pot are awesome. If you don't feel like bringing out a lot of pots and pans to cook. Plus easy clean up if you use a liner.
make the really cool slow cooked fritata
I like watching these to learn the do's and don't's. I've done french toast casserole in a crock pot, and apple crisp as well. Now I know I can do sausage and mushrooms as well.
I make food in a slow cooker all the time, my favorite is soups and dishes with chicken, roasts or brisket. I would recommend a little exploring on the web for recipes ( I did) , I even made pizza in my crock pot! lol
I am not in the slightest bit surprised the egg was terrible XD
Do u really think something you buy from argos would have a us plug??
You can cook this whole breakfast at a time when you want it quicker than loading up this cooker
You’re hilarious! Love this so much ??
Your Daughter is so British. That's so noice".
Okay sure, you could... or you could make a cooked breakfast in 15 minutes (at most) in a frying pan.
Barry kills me “you can baptize children in this thing.” XD
Would it not be better to bain marie the beans ETC in their tins than having the rammikins?
barry!!! i had to stop the video at the "mushroom" pun hahahaha .. ok back to the video!
Is that Worle?
Was it worth wait as it doesn't take long to cook a breakfast
Barry with a five o-clock shadow is kinda cute. Grow out that mustache!
Why dident he cook it the night before? Lol
Tomatoes in traditional English breakfast? They don’t grow there :(
Obviously it's going to be an UK plug socket you bell, you bought it from Argos!!
Make pierogis please?
CHEATING..... You needed to have slow toasted toast !!!
Why don't people just learn to cook?
Tried to fob your daughter off with a mushroom she knew better to go for the sausages. So glad to have found this channel its really good and am enjoying it all so far. Keep up the great work
Great idea! So many possibilities and experiments!
Omg was that Argos in Blackburn?
Hahaha her face when you asked if she wants to try the egg
Love the mushroom, much room joke. You're such a fun guy.
You could put it on a higer setting
The final result was sooo amazing! Great job, Barry! :D
Lol I can baptize children in this thing ... Well I'm an atheist ... I can cook all the babies I want ????????
By the time you've pissed about the night before getting all the ingredients ready in separate, covered compartments, you've spent almost the time you would have done cooking it fresh in the morning...with more crocks to wash. Sounds like a ploy to sell slow cookers to me.
Are You dutch? Your titel and Description is in Dutch?
i got that refrence
Tory
try a salad.
"I love, I am absolutely addicted to Fried mushrooms. I once ate a bowl of them" I'm absolutely addicted to beer, I had a pint once.
Mate could you just cook the breakfast without talking
I get a sneaking suspicion I purchased my slow cooker from the same Argos you purchased yours. Grabbed a few ingredients from Sainsbury's at the same time.
So I have done this before I am American so its more American tho I do the mushrooms I put a little butter in with them the eggs you have put it in a bowl of water to keep the heat down and prevent scorching or put it in towads the I do hashbrowns in place of the beans and tomatoes and I cheated and used frozen hashbrowns just added the onions and I put directly on the bottom of the crock and then put the bacon on top if them all you have to do is at the end of cooking I pulled the bacon off the browns and added cheese
Great Mr Majeika reference. Still use that reference myself describe unruly tufts of hair.
Why? Using a slow cooker for breakfast is idiotic.
That was a great trial. I would be inclined to add a little water to the bottom of the slow cooker dish before adding all the stuff, then everything would steam and cook more evenly. This method was never going to produce a good fried egg but since an omelette only takes two minutes to make - about the same time your toaster and kettle takes - then I would cook them separately at the end. Great video, thanks!
Cling film carcinogenic, when heated ( like all plastics) - avoid contact with food
I've seen you through Ashens channel a bunch of times. Then I watched the rotten Herring video and got onto this channel. When I saw where you went to buy the slow cooker I was tickled pink! I also live in sunny old Heston Blumenthal! Honestly, I'm so entertained!
did you get this idea from This Morning?
- the egg and bacon I will demolish this in 60 seconds without trying ??
Bit of butter in the mushrooms
Looks like a wether spoons breakfast
Dumb.
Your daughter has got great manners, good to see. Keep on dadding bro.
lol worth watching for your wife's reaction, I think it's a no
“Do you want a egg :D” “No thank you o-o” xD
Barry, sometimes you are such a dad xD
Pretty sure crockpot is like Kleenex not what it is, just a common brand
Your a brave man.
I’d rather walk down the cafe ,cheaper and no washing up
I'm late with watching this video, but my god @3:49 that editing LOL I nearly busted my gut
Beautiful family!
Should have put the bacon on top the mushrooms...
Excellent video. Thank you for it. I once knew a family back in the 1980's whose only meal together was breakfast, so they would set a whole dinner (or breakfast casseroles) up in 2 Crock Pots before bed time, and would have the family meal of dinner (or breakfast casserole) in the morning.
They are small bowls, not ramekins!
Where are the hash browns
I would have put butter on the mushrooms to stop they drying out
An actual decent ad? Jesus I’ve been blessed
Well played lad feed it the kids first to make sure its safe
Just get up 5 minutes earlier to cook your breakfast... lazy
wow..wish swedish kid was that well behaving
Word to the wise, if you attempt something like this again, instead of putting the egg in with the rest of it, put the egg a bit later, also, add grease the outside of the bowl(so a bit of butter or margarine) to prevent it from sticking. My mother also adds the tiniest drop of water when she cooks an egg in the microwave, which helps it from drying out.
I can only imagine the comment gold Gordon Ramsey would have on this breakfast.
A slowly baptised child.
What is better than one slow cooker? Two slow cookers
I don't get the point. You could fry this stuff in about 10 minutes.
Looks like dog food.
“Wanna try an egg?” Looks at egg “No thank you...*
Just lazy idea
Try slow cooking a curry
Your child is very polite.
Try smoking bacon!
why not put a baby monitor overseeing your kitchen so you can leave your electronics overnight? (also make sure to check the voltages lol). if anything should happen, at least you'll get to see it. plus it should make for additional amusing footage!
Man your girl is so cute and polite. Honestly she gave me a huge smile. You both look so a like, very similar eyes. Just after she tried the bacon, you look like a huge kids :) Esp at 8:37, really want to make myself a full English. You are one lucky guy.
Needs hashbrowns.
T H E S I M U L A T I O N I S B R O K E N
Should've slapped butter on those mushrooms Barry!
6:51 us man at our finest as there is a kitchen towel we should of used
I love a good ol' English cooked breakfast.... ?????????? + ? ??????
10:26 first world problems
Nice Argos in Weston super mare ;)
Eggs always go a funny colour if you season with salt and pepper before they are cooked.
Barry, Mate ...you NEED to try an electric pressure cooker! picked one up on sale for £15 changed my life! like a reverse slow cooker ! beef stew in 25 mins!!
I’d have put a bit of butter in with those mushrooms.
That first slowcooker is a definite wedding present.....
Wow. That bacon looks like it's ALL MEAT! I want it!
Ready by tea?... maybe
You need to sort out the way you hold your utensils, very working class
Damn you acknowledge the video games isle.
Dude your head looks massive
Ewww cross contamination, raw meat and beans... yukky yukky
Slow cooking and making breakfast :D two totttally different things . . : D
Try mixing the bacon and shrooms together.
Black pudding man
2:06 And then you can sell your slowcooked baptized children with a side of big oil for dipping to bankers and CEOs all over the world! You know that's what they have for breakfast anyway it just hasn't been streamlined so you'll be like ReptiloiDonalds
Breakfast is for gays
Y
try steaming some sausages it will blow your mind, they dont look cooked but oboy are they ever.
You look like a slimmer, younger Ricky Gervais
Combover game is strong.
Congratulations to the original person who invented this; someone has finally has come up with a way to replicate the British Airways Business class full english breakfast at home.....
5 bowls and 1 pot to clean and cling film to dispose of versus 1 frying pan.
Did you return the Croc pot back within 30 days
Why do all British people love Pugs? Their deformed dogs that have serious health problems, They shouldn't exist
8:15. You're daughter is adorable. The food, not so much.
well you can make awesome apple butter in that, you should learn to can. you could have jars of stuff on hand. im in love with Det. BARNABY i cant get enough, of midsomer murders, you brits have some great shows.
Purchased from the laminated book of dreams, it has to be good
No black pudding? You heathen...
Your first one is the same as the one we've got!
What is the point of using a slow cooker if you are going to separate the items? Millenials never cease to amaze me, no wonder this country is fucked.
I thought the point of a slow cooker was to dump everything into the same space to make stews etc. that's how I've always used mine.
Omg Mr Majeika
British ???? plug.
"there wouldn't be mushroom for other ingredients" Hahahahah - what a fun-gi
If you put a Tiny bit of bacon on top of the mushrooms you Will like That
you can use (certain) plastic bags as compartments, so you can fit more in the slow cooker, you can also bake bread in a slow cooker.
Most important thing to note, a Rice Cooker is superior to a crock pot, while managing the same results. It has the ability to get hotter, so you only wait a maximum of 2 hours for essentially the same experience. Longer(4 hours) only when you want whole meat cuts to get soft and fall-apart-like. The best part, you can set timers on rice cookers, and after the timer runs out they will go down to their "warm' setting, which keeps things just above the temperature you would want to eat them at.
Plastic wrap while cooking? Yuck! Use aluminum (aluminium) foil!
The idea with a crock pot is for you to combine items that would go well together and allow the flavors to mingle. I would have gone straight in with the sausage and the beans, then 6 hours in(or about 45 minutes before you are ready to eat), use the sausages to wall off a clean area where you would add butter and the mushrooms. Lastly push it all to one side leaving only butter and juice from the mushrooms to cook the egg while the rest continues to slow cook. Tomatoes and slow cookers on the other hand... tomatoes get sour/bitter when they are overcooked beyond just heating them up. I would not recommend heating them until the very end. Most likely the best way to go about it would be to push the lot to one side again, and warm the tomatoes up for 5-10 minutes next to the egg. At the end you can scoop the beans first, then the sausage and bacon, then the mushrooms and the eggs, and last the tomatoes. Esentailly going from one side to the other in layers, which are subdivided by the less messy ingredients.
That egg ??
I tought you where making a fresh full english in the slowcooker
this is my mums recipe..you done most of it right..but not all of it ??
You should of put the egg the last 15 minutes and add little bit water in the egg bowl at the end of a fully hot crock pot LOL!
Looks like crapDonald's egg
Before you hate.. This popped up as a recommendation. What a brain dead low I.Q. Load of drivel. LOL!
Why are mushrooms so popular in a breakfast fry up ??????
I had a slow cooker great but unfortunately I broke mine even thou the pot it could stand heat up to 300 an be used in the oven but it exploded on the hob even thou the hob was on 3 so beware that can happen oh an the lid melted in the oven aswell ????????
awww your daughter is such a cutie
...You have the pepper in the white shaker and salt in the black one. You are doing this just to mess with us, right?
I do a slow-cooked pulled pork in mine. Shoulder or leg, shoulder is nicer. First I rub in spices then leave it in the fridge for AT LEAST 24 hours. Then you brown it off in a very hot pan and stick it in the slow cooker with some stock and a chopped onion. Now leave it for again, at least 24 hours. It will fall off the bone (if there is one). shred it with a couple of forks and serve in a crusty bun with slaw and a home made BBQ sauce.
I wouldn't worry too much about leaving a slow cooker on, as long as it's not 120v plugged directly into a 240v outlet. For 120v appliances use a 240v to 120v step down transformer, not an adaptor, the adaptors are for things that have a built in switching power supply and will overload things like heating elements.
That egg looks like something Ashens would eat...
Idea what food can you cook in an/a coffee maker? Hashtag: SinglePot
Like your fridge ??
Why do British people like beans for breakfast
Why does a chef/cook have such a small slow-cooker? My mum's newer slow cooker (rather than her 70s(?) one) doesn't seem to cook very slowly - so I worry about when/if I get my own.
Where's the hash brown and black pudding? ??
Conclusion: If you heat food, it cooks.
The disappointment in your voice when you said you were going to have breakfast at 5pm made me quite sad
Doesn´t want to leave the slow cooker on at night while at home ... leaves the house to walk the dog ...
Slow cooking breakfast beats the point of a breakfast
Should have put a bit of butter with the mushrooms
7hrs? There goes your electric bills ????
U should put some cup of water in it so it won't be dried..
No light? Too bad a letdown..
7hrs for breakfast?? Just might just cook it ????
"English plug socket" Well. You brought it in an English Shop. In England. Of course It'd be an English socket..
I often get adverts for toothpaste and mouthwash before your videos, which may be representative of what I might have to use a lot more of than normal after eating some of these bizarre concoctions. This one, however, actually looks really nice.
You should remake that horrible tinned poundland breakfast that Stuart had on his channel and do a taste comparison.
utterly sobbing at "ah! oh-ha hee ha.... BEANS."
Personally I think that you cooked it totally the wrong way. Who would put containers into a slow cooker? Well you would of course. Personally I would have put everything together into the main bowl and allowed it to cook. The tomato juice would have made everything moist anyway. Yet this is making me want to try this now, I might break out my slow cooker. Give it a go for my tea and have an all day breakfast, rather than just a breakfast.
Out of all the ways to cook bacon, a crock pot would be the last thing i'd want to use.
What size slow cooker did you get? In liters.
If you had set the slow cooker on 2 it would have cut the cooking time in half to 3.5-4 hours instead of 7
2.42 - you missed one, you should have said "There would not have BEAN mushroom"
Slow cookers are best for stews / casseroles / curries etc especially with tough meat. They can be awesome for that because everything is more or less chucked in at the same time, minimizing effort and the duration tenderizes the meat. There isn't much point doing anything else in them. The comparison to a hotel is apt because using a slow cooker this way is comparable to crappy hotel buffet breakfast.
Beans touching egg ?????
So happy about the Mr. Majieka reference. Adored those books as a kid.
Would probably be better if you put the baconstrips flat between two sheets of aluminium foil at the bottom, and then put the other stuff on top of that.
2:41 That is exactly what my chef from Preston said. what is wrong with you both!!!
Ooh, that egg though...:-(
Hmm....slow cooked.....pasta?
That is the absolute weirdest way to use a Crock Pot I've ever seen, but further proof that no matter what you put in one, it always comes out okay
Hey where’s the cute little cartoon at the start???? I love that please keep using it!
Here in the US we do not have anything like an Argos.
I don't want to tell you how to do a Full English, but I would have put the mushrooms in with the bacon maybe?
Seems like a waste of time it takes 30 minutes in a frying pan.
Aw your daughter is precious
You should do a baked potato recipe for a slow cooker!
Can't believe you bought a second slow cooker when you could have got a 6l instant pot instead and use the slow cooker function on that + so much more.
nice
Barry you NEED to coop with ashens again!!!!
Thanks for the clip. Was gonna do it but after watching don’t think I’ll bother. Also, bravo, the missus is a 10. You’re punching massively above your weight. Cheers lad.
8:19 " I dont like mushrooms, I like bacon, sasuage, and beans." me af!
Duuuuuuuude, I'd have imagined you could at least shave in those 7 hours...
I hope you finish that, didn't your mother ever teach you not to waste food
Love the mushroom pun
If you're going may anything in a CrockPot/Slow Cooker, try making your own BBQ Pulled Pork :)
you bought a family-sized slow-cooker so you could make breakfast for one.
Please can you do some recipes using a limited kitchen? (like some students have to), like 2 hobs and a microwave oven?? :)
Wheres the guy that you used to fo videos with . Are you guys still friends ?
Crock Pots/ Slow Cookers are meant to be left while you go to work, or sleep. They are actually really safe to leave on unattended. During the winter I do chili, soups, roasts, and a few other things in the crock pot. I put it all in in the morning (I organize and have everything together the night before so it's fast and easy in the am), set it to Med or High and go about my day. My grandmother, mother, sister, aunts, me, and ect all have used crock pots/slow cookers without any issue, and my uncle who's is a retired fire chief even uses one at least once a week.
Sausage wrapped in bacon...that is the hot dog you will get in Los Angeles if you buy one from a vendor off the street. AKA Danger Dog, Dirt Dog, Street Dog. Hot dog wrapped in bacon with grilled onions and peppers, and because it's Los Angeles, probably grilled jalapeno peppers as well. Topped with ketchup and mayonnaise from a squirt bottle. Possibly some pico de gallo as well. Wait. Now I'm starving.
I just love all of your videos, you are hilarious and very entertaining to watch! I have been subscribed to your channel for 3 years now, and I have to say that there isn't 1 video that I haven't laughed at! Keep them comin, "their amazin" as you always say lol!!! ????
a air fryer would do alot better
Are you killemftw's father?
I think this would all be perfect if you put the egg in a greased ramekin in the fridge the night before and then just plopped it in the slow cooker when you came down to have a shower in the morning. With all that heat in the slow cooker it would ‘poach’ by the time you were dressed and ready to eat. It’s not much different to when you make kefte meatballs and drop raw eggs into the sauce to cook at the end.
An egg in a slow cooker for seven hours? You're practically making a science experiment at that point.
You shouldn't have done the cling film on the ramicans especially the egg
Used to do slow cooker frittata for breakfast years ago. Would time it to turn on about 4am and it would be ready by 7am. Eggs, cheese, cooked potato, cooked bacon, capsicum, onion, etc...really good for frittata's...pretty sure for a full breakfast though id rather just leave the eggs and do microwave eggs lol. I have a microwave poacher, and easy to do microwave scrambled eggs as well.
HOT NOODLE TRUCK!
Just do what Ashens does, get a breakfast in a can. XD
You put butter on the mushrooms
I wish you and Jonathan SacconeJoly were friends and did a Dad video together!!
That's exactly what I want for my breakfast: It being done slowly.
Kids go to school.kids come back what you making.I'm just waiting for my breakfast to be done.
Try lasagne in it you'll never do it in the oven again
Omg he's mixed the beans with the tomato juice. I can't cope with that. Never the two should meet. Divide them with sausages or scrambled egg or something
I've never heard anyone do a Bee-Gee"s impersonation whilst dishing up baked bean's before! Also, if you had put the bacon on top of the mushrooms they would of fried in the bacon juices.
Was that during storm alli
Where do i get those salt and pepper shakers?!?
You should do a Sunday Roast in the Crock Pot with veg! It's one of the many ways we use ours.
what are the words/lyrics to your rap? You rap in the beginning of your first videos- hard for me to unstand certain words.
I was going to comment on your last video asking for some slow cooker stuff but thought that would be a bit boring haha. Evidently not ???? top work.
I tried this a couple of years ago overnight on low and OH MY GOD, it was disgusting lol. Bacon leathery, sausages sweaty, beans burnt at the bottom and the egg was the worst of all ?? Never again will I try this, but fair play. You've got to get it out of your system.
please make a giant macaron, that would be cool!
fried elvis
I would have put a slice of bacon in two ramekins and put the mushrooms inside both to get bacony mushrooms.
Flutty Japan pancake
I love a slow cooked roast dinner but it's better to cook the meat a few hours before adding the veggies. We also use ours for chilli or soups. Never thought about using it for a breakfast!
No, thank you. ????
set the tomatoes on top of the sausage... after you're done slapping yourself.
I like the haircut, sorry its been a while since I've checked into the channel ??
mmmm that's so noiiiceee
As someone who prefers chewy bacon, that bacon leather does actually sound pretty good. Like something between bacon and jerky. I think crock pot would probably be a good way to cook a whole load of sausages all at once for like, a big group. You might have to move them around every so often so each one gets a chance to brown against the sides, though.
Mmm, pigs in a blanket!
Hey Baz. Well done with the breaky. I did the exact thing (except the egg plus i add butter and minced garlic on the mushrooms) in my 5.5 litre slow cooker at 4:30am after a poker night with the boys...... DRUNK. The result is kinda like the same as yours, the leather bacon, the juicy tomatoes, ect, but it's good if you're hungover. Don't worry about leaving your slow cooker on unattended coz it's designed this way as much as this grilled cheese toaster is designed for arson. Cheers from Australia dude
You missed one there Barry.. Moist-rooms. MOIST-ROOMS. Get it?! ??
next week on barshens, barry, stuart and eli eat motorcycle leather.
I really like how at the end of the last few videos you play your original theme song you used to start your videos with bring you back to your roots Barry
"it's nice......but leathery" story of my life....
Come over and live in the Netherlands, we’re only having samdwiches and tea/coffee/milk for breakfast and using the slowcooker for dinners! Plenty of time to do your bacon in a skillet ????
Maybe the mushrooms would go well with a bit of a butter sauce? To keep them moist and tasty
I died at "No, thank you" part. XD
Those things are great for making pulled pork!
There's plenty of moisture in the slow cooker with the food cooking that you didn't need the plastic wrap. And why did you keep trying to pick up the hot dishes? Lol!
Breakfast for dinner is a long standing tradition in my family! Easy to do after a long day at work!
This is a great series Barry, well done.
looks like you basically hard boiled the egg .. the Yoke will turn greenish on the outside where it is in contact with the Whites will also become dry and crumbly ..
Hi I like your new crockpot hope you make some more slow cooker recipes
Bacon that sausage...
Hair looks much better ??????
Can you try the delimano pancake maker please? I keep seeing adverts on the TV and it looks like it could be quite good, not expensive either
Your daughter is very polite " no thank you ". Lol.
That grilled cheese sandwich episode was EPIC. Maybe my favorite. ?? ?? ????
You can slow cook infants in there
I'm amazed the cling film didn't just melt itself to your food after 7 hours. The egg... you basically made an overcooked hardboiled egg. That's why it was rubbery with a green yolk. Next time you try it, I suggest scrambling the egg, as you'll never get a proper fried egg in a slow cooker. NEVER will that yolk come out runny after 7 hours.
"I could baptize children in this thing!" -Barry, MVK 2018 Best gadget quote ever!
Maybe let the bacon cook half way, dump off the grease, and add the egg to it so it comes out as a bacon wrapped egg and it won;t be in the crock pot so long. you can cook all kinds of things in the crockpot. My faves are lasagna and meatloaf.
As someone who can't stand her food juices to touch, this video started out as a grand journey, but ended in a terrible wreck.
Wooooo homebase as someone who works there I love this video already!!
You should’ve put the bread in the crock pot
Great experiment, the egg is better scrambled.
This is a good way to ruin a slow-cooker. With so little surface area touching the food, the pot is likely to break from thermal shock.
I love the idea of putting a slow cooker on in the morning and coming home to a cooked dinner, but ive heard stories of fires do to them so i'd be anxious all day; its not worth it >.<
Air fryer English Breakfast, just put it on and get ready while it all cooks. Like a microwave, but healthier because it doesn't need 10 kilos of salt to keep it fresh.
Going for the barshens style outro I see. Very nice! And cool video as always
Chloe at the end omg ??????????
If you do a fair amount of crock pot cooking/slow cooker I would HIGHLY suggest the liners for them. It saves soooo much cleanup. It's a really good investment and even if you use it a few times a year, I still believe just saving time with clean up is worth the price.
Crock pot playlist pls sir Barry
I'd exchange grits for the beans.
I make lasagna in mine it tastes beautiful .
Mmm I love me some bacon leather. ??
You should try making a roast or pulled pork in it... its AMAZING!! Just dont forget to add liquids to help it from drying out.. like bbq sauce, beer, wine, sauce powder packets with water... they also make great soups..
Will you try the instant pot?
Letting ya kids try the breakfast before... just to make sure it doesn’t kill ya ??????
This recipe doesn't seem terribly wise. Slow cookers don't heat up quickly, so those sausages are going to be sat, mildly heated for quite some time....
This recipe doesn't seem terribly wise. Slow cookers don't heat up quickly, so those sausages are going to be sat, mildly heated for quite some time....
This recipe doesn't seem terribly wise. Slow cookers don't heat up quickly, so those sausages are going to be sat, mildly heated for quite some time....
Sadly Croc-pots have ruined slow cookers. Slow cookers used to heat from the bottom, but now seemingly all of them are copies of the Croc-pots design and heat from the sides. It's like they've not heard about convection. .....and if you have them half full of stew, it burns at the edges.
Breakfast for dinner, we have that a few times a year.
cling film in a slow cooker sounds...
I have a big and small slow cooker. Great for keeping food warm too
You should try doing the been with a bit of Lee & perins, some BBQ sauce and finely chopped onions. I only ever have BBQ beans!! ??
Mr. Barry's looking pretty sharp. ??
this was in the paper
I just love your videos
Isn't the pepper supposed tp go in the black one and salt in white one?
The sausages remind me of the best hotdogs in London. Every evening, after about 18:00 or so, on the corner of Herbrand St and Bernards St, across the street from Russel Square station there is a guy selling them out of a cart. If you're in the area, I recommend trying one.
jeez... do it all in a frying pan in 10 minutes max. needs to be a fryup.
Would love a series on this. Have always thought about getting a slow cooker but never thought I'd use it much. Recipe ideas would be great
I dunno its seems kind of wrong to make an English breakfast in a Crockpot..lol you need hamhock and green beans ????????
Your best videos are the ones with your family in...love them! Nice doo too Barry!??
you can cook a small chicken or turkey breast in that crock pot. it's also great for making mulled ciders at a party
I gotta ask why in a English breakfast they always add tomatoes
Why tho
Barry "I hope you are well". Can you try a Crock-Pot (slow cooker) Swiss Steak recipe? My Great Gran use to make it.
Are you gonna do slow cooked ribs?
Why would anyone do this?
Yes but he’s a fun guy lol
How to ruin any meal Put it in a crock pot
This worked out pretty well, but yeah, that was one way overcooked egg lol. I like to put an egg on some things I microwave. A little tip to doing that, I would puncture the yolk if I were you. ??????
This looks awful. Awful. Also, slow cookers are for people who forgot they have an oven, right?
I LOVE Crock Pots. I have 6 of them. Different sizes. Great for large family dinners not just for cooking but keeping food warm. Since my husband and I both work and only have an hour for lunch (we live close to work), I put food in at 7:30 or 8 am and lunch is ready at noon. Some food needs high and some (reheating) needs low or warm. I bake meatloaf in 1 person servings and freeze. Then when we want some, I put in 2 and put it on low. 4 hours later, lunch. Also great for baked potatoes (white or sweet) and mashed potatoes. Pork chops with cream of mushroom soup (no added liquid - high for 4 hrs.) is totally awesome. Spaghetti sauce can replace cream of mushroom soup. The list is unlimited! Not just for soups and stews!
I really like the music in the background now as opposed to silence
It just seems like a big to do just for breakfast for one.
Omg ur daughter is so polite ??
Goodness me Barry, the Mr Majeika reference unlocked a room of memories in my mind! Amazing! Loving your vids, keep going!
A rectangular slow cooker, like the 18 quart Nesco roaster oven might be better suited for something like this. It'd give more space for the bacon to lay flat on the bottom.
If I was buying a large slow cooker I'd get an electric pressure cooker, many of which have a slow cooker function. The new electric pressure cookers are great, you can make stews in 25 mins rather than hours, they can cook rice and lentils perfectl, make youghurt and loads of other things (sometimes they're referred to as multi-cookers). The "Crock Pot" is an excellent brand of pressure cooker, but it is a bit of a one trick pony and only a little cheaper than a multicooker/pressure cooker.
Instead of the clingfilm why not use the bacon to protect the egg, tomato and beans :D
This was such fun to watch, what with the slight vlog vibe and all <3
Seems like more effort than just using a pan and a pot! :P
I would traditional put the egg into the pan. I like the juicy yolk.
I have never seen anyone use a crock pot that way.
Where’s homer gone?
What about the black pudding Barry?
Hahah. Did you say 'Breakfast Velvet'? You should patent that name. Hahahah. I'm your first customer!
This has to be the most English thing I have ever seen. You need an intervention.
why would anyone cook a full english this way? it takes 20mins at most to cook it the traditional way and you get much better results.
Your daughter is so pretty how old is she
I like my slow cooker (not Crockpot brand), but I’ve found it’s best for things that are supposed to be mushy like soups and stews. Otherwise the texture is not so good.
My daughter was in absolute fits of laughter when you were saying ow ow ow with the hot beans!?? Also I have used a slow cooker for Apple crumble before and you can also do many desserts where you just sling the ingredients in a little stir and bam!! I saw this and glad you tried it out before me lol
The toaster really left a scar...
Phil Vickery made an upside down cake this morning on this morning in a slow cooker, can you try that?
Definitely trying this one on my day off. I just bought a crock pot last week! I love Chloe’s polite/skeptical “No thanks...” lol :)
I slow cook beans all the time, just dump the can in the slow cooker, add some butter/seasoning and leave it for a couple hours and they're lush
I found an awesome breakfast recipe which was a breakfast casserole. Onion, mushrooms, bacon, sausages, tomatoes, baked beans and eggs all layered, flavoured with chilli and paprika and cooked in the oven. I've cooked it a few times. Delicious. I bet it would work in a slow cooker but I'd be worried about things sticking to the bottom.
I loved your daughters reaction to the egg, I don’t blame her!
I know what you mean about the wind, I was playing rugby at school when it was that windy
Can someone explain to me the appeal of beans on toast?
Hair looking on point ??
May I make a suggestion about the egg? Put some cold water into the ramekin and break your egg into the water, then add the ramekin a little later on, cover with clingfilm before adding to the rest of the things in the slow cooker.
seems like a lot of work and time for a single plate. If it were a family breakfast type thing then maybe, but it really would have been easier just using some frying pans, etc.
Lazyass Tip: buy the disposable liners they sell for slow cookers and there's no clean-up! Also, set it on "HIGH" and it cooks in half the time.
Is it just me going mental because the cling film isn't perfectly smooth?? FFS Barry!!!! :@
I know that's a traditional English breakfast (though where's the blood pudding?!), but doesn't the quantity look like it would feed at least 2 people? I was waiting to see if Barry would eat all of it.
Don't you mean a British plug Barry?
Barry, I hate to tell you this, but that's not a slow cooker - it's an air fryer!!! (Just kidding!) :-)
Your so funny .. i love your energy ????
Salt and pepper not in correct pugs. I'm triggered
Perhaps a little butter with the mushrooms and egg in the ramekins would help
Loving the haircut B, v smart. And a fry up too, excellent video.
Barry, now show the proper way to cook a full English Breakfast. Some of us in the US do not know how to do it properly.
Hey barry! Im loving these new kindof videos you are doing and by the looks of things alot of other people are too judging by the views etc, keep doing these please! Love you:)
Berry can you please do some crackpat recipes ??????
Barry your hair looks ace mate!
That's just way to long for one meal. I guess if I came home from a long day and didn't want to cook I'd be good. Honestly I don't even eat most of that lol but I like the concept
We use our slow cooker several days a week here in Pennsylvania.
I can baptize children in there! ??????
Yes I guess you could baptize a baby in that crock pot but I make soap, hot process soap and use one that size for 10 POUNDS of soap at a time! I love to see you make crazy English foods since I'm an American! Hubby and I laugh at the gadgets and I have bought a few of them too!
Toasty nightmares. ?? ??
Giant tolberone??
Oh my word! I loved the Mr Majeika books!!
Waiiitttttt I've been to that Argos ??
I love my slow cookers. Steel cut oats overnight is awesome, all you have to do is put some extra milk in the morning, depending on the consistency you like. There are so many recipes that are great for the family, you can make a breakfast casserole with hash browns, onions, sausage meat, egg and cheese. Even a pork loin is lovely in the slow cooker. I may try this recipe this weekend.
Ughh!!! Get it on the oven...Looks disgusting.
Loved the wee Stanley Baxter reference haha
thoughts on movining to UK ?
Have you looked into a step down plug? They arent too expensive in the states...
I think i might have added some butter to the mushrooms myself Barry me old mucker!
So this is for people that have a difficult time chewing ????
I cook steak in the crock pot. Any steak, any quantity. I usually add beef or chicken stock. Four hours on high...it tastes like roast. Absolutely delish.
Barry, please can you do a series of cooking meals for one person.
went pretty much as id expect....and cooking an egg for 7-8 hours...nope
We are on the same page here Barry. I love fried mushrooms to,with salt and pepper ????
What does Mrs Barry think about you buying another big kitchen appliance every week? :D
Well hello there ladies and gentlemen scrolling down the comment section!
Do more slow cooker recipes please.
I think it must be much simpler and clearly quicker aswell as tastier too, to create the great British breakfast the normal british way and FRY everything including the bread all washed down with a mug of hot tea or coffee or orange juice. Obviously the OJ wouldn't be hot that wouldn't work at all lol!! But You're right about mushrooms, they're gorgeous fried in butter on buttered toast. This video made me want tomatoes on toast now.
Good on you for not opening the lid...I was always taught...you add an additional 30mins of cook time when you open the lid. I assume its because the temperature decreases rapidly and takes time to raise back up. I appreciate this video, and wouldn't mind more breakfast ones. I love hot breakfast, but just dont have the time in the morning.
For the longest time I could not figure out why I crave full English breakfast until I did my 23andMe I am 74% British which explains to me why I have always been fascinated with Great Britain
Barry try a whole chicken or smth in thw crockpot XDD its gonna be so tender
I own a 7 liter crock pot that is programmable - you might try to find one on sale for your family as it is rather large compared to what you are using - awesome video to use tho :-D
at first i was bummed out about the vlogs going away but the fact you have changed the video style to sort of incorporate them makes me happy keep up the good work
I cook my breakfast on a plate in the oven (but admittedly this crockpot recipe is easier if you have to cook for a few people) Preheat it to 180c. Put sausages on the plate and cook for ten, put the bacon/black pudding in for another 10 mins. Add tomatoes, mushrooms, beans etc (you do have to shuffle things about) for another 10 mins. Depending how well done you like the egg, you can put them in at the 20/10 minute mark. You can also do toast in the oven of butter it to make fried bread, although this is best done separately. So.. you can do a whole breakfast with only one plate to wash (and cutlery).
Couldn't you put a bit of water in the bottom of the pot, to keep your food from drying out? Then you wouldn't need the cling film.
Pre sliced mushrooms WTF
What happened to the cartoon graphic at the start? Loved that! Can you show us how to make crumpets please :)
I don't blame you for not wanting to leave appliances on at night, but as long as you're using plugs that are rated and made for your voltage and country, you should be fine. However, I understand perfectly why you don't want to. I wouldn't either.
Try biting the egg up like your doing scrambled mite turn out better
Thats not an english breakfast, you're missing black pudding :P
I'm only 2:04 into this already and am cracking up so loud that my bf swatted at me to stop cause he's sleeping. The Euro plug! I could not help laughing at that after the disaster that was the grilled cheese death trap.
You should try some slow cooker carnitas. I've noticed you like the Old El Paso style tacos with hard shells, lettuce, tomato etc. That's how I always had them growing up myself. But you can make some proper Mexican carnitas in a slow cooker, if you want to try those.
Prison tip, you can ‘fry’ an egg in a mug in a microwave in seconds.
I saw that on this morning this morning hahha
It bothers me that Barry always buys new appliances for his videos instead of borrowing them from neighbours or buying them second-hand.
I love to experimenting with crockpot. I leave the pot with lowest heat before going to bed and woke up with lovely smell of chickpeas in the morning. I think the tastiest food I ever cook with it were chicken soup. ohh soo tender and moist to the bone and natural sweet. it's different from cook it with pressure cooker.
I don't think Mrs B enjoyed it by the look on her face ????
Now, it's time for portable soup!
More slow cooker recipes please! <3
@2:46 Warning!! Warning!! Dad joke... Ugh... You want to beat your egg into what will become a fluffy omelet in a ramekin. (Yeah, right ... fluffy! ??)
Yay! More crock pot recipes please ~
I have never understood English breakfast. Sorry, but to me that looks disgusting :(
I'm sorry Barry but when I was watching this I couldn't help but thinking, what a crock...
Barry can you please make pigeon pie on your channel and I am sorry for asking again
Is that egg from levi's beard?
3:40 is that the music from how to make sushi? If so ye both should colab
If you want to try more slow cooker recipes get a copy of Not Your Mother's Slow Cooker Cookbook by Beth Hensperger. I have a copy and really enjoy those recipes.
Not leaving it overnight...The evil slowcooker killed Jack! JK
Your wife and kids are adorable
Crock Pot is just a brand name of slow cooker. I guess just calling all slow cookers a crock pot is an American thing though. My slow cooker is one of my favorite kitchen appliances. I've used it for all manner of meals/dishes, from breakfast to dessert. ??
“What about the toast?!” Couldn’t stop giggling on this part! ??
I really like the new ending of the videos Barry..
InstaPot!,
What, no black pudding? Very interesting experiment, Barry. I would have left off the cling film, but to each his own experimental method. Another enjoyable MVK video.
Well, unlike the US voltage toaster thing this crockpot is set up for UK voltage, so perfectly safe to leave overnight... :P
Yassss Barry! MUSHROOMS ARE THE BEST THING EVER! Craved them in my pregnancies and my mum craved them when she was pregnant with me ?? Love the Hair BTW ??
That recepie must be yoaking your cracking Barry
Your daughter is so polite!
Slow cooker rice pudding is the best.
So much toxic plastic. Cancer in a pot.
Have you thought of using an instapot?
HI BRITISH PERSON!
That mushroom joke deserved a thumbs up for the video!!!! I laughed!
You should do a giveaway for your book! (I really want one ????)
Are "slow" cookers designed for Brexiteers?
Hye Barry !!!
Barry, you do leave electrical stuff unattended or do you plug out your fridge everytime you leave the house ?? I was skeptical at first with my slow cooker but leave it do it's work while I'm out to the office ??
I love ur videos
Am I the only one bothered by cooking with plastic wrap?
Breakfast at 5 pm ... sums up my life basically
Can I give you a chef tip wrap the food in foil first and use foil on top of the bowls wrap the bacon in foil and the sausages you'll have a nice breakfast
I could baptize children in this thing ??????
Now I'm hungry :P
Love this!! My partner and I love a cooked breakfast!! He tagged me in something like this on Facebook ?? I better buy a bigger crock pot! Can barley fit a sausage in mine ??
He made a good breakfast while i had a salad
Nr 8
nice I just made my breakfast now I get to watch you make it yours while I eat mine
Alright Barry
I've done this for ages it works a treat for me...
Do you like it better than the air fryer?
Great video!
I love your videos, every day I get home I check if u have a new vid cuz u are awesome
Hey first comment:-)
I had an heart attack just watching this video
14 eggs for breakfast xD
??, ?????. ????? ???? ??????(
Who tf would eat these for breakfast. This is literally a call for overweight. This is not healthy food especially breakfast. For breakfast you want to eat good healthy food not to only wake up the organs and make them feel good but because it's the first meal of the day. The body needs to start working and putting this food in as a first meal is just bad. Eat healthy good food for breakfast for not only you feel good for the rest of the day but also for you body to feel good.
I wonder what they do with all of the crust they keep cutting off the bread
I just made a french toast casserole, check out the blog for the easy recipe! https://reynashome.co/2018/10/25/french-toast-casserole/
Are you sure you're using enough cheese in those recipes?
These are just ideas people, you are by no means obligated to make any of these recipes lol.
If my Dad finds me eating sweets for breakfast I'm dead meat
2:17 i want to try it!
ugh too many ads
Well I know what I'm doing for 3:00am breakfast
Background music is annoying ,not so healthy breakfast
Like why the heck is ketchup a dipping sauce for everything?
A cor do cheddar da primeira receita é mais forte doq o lápis de cor laranja
Ketchup for breakfast...
Most of these are heart attacks waiting to happen.... 1000 calorie breakfasts wtf
Me gustaría que la pusieran en español también para aquello que no saben hablar inglés
Yaiks. What's with the cheese and Bacon .gross
7:12 what did they do to the nutella?! it should be all melty, not burnt into the bread
Why ketchup??
>easy >14 eggs
Dude... that’s a lot of ketchup
8:40 Red velvet. Huh, k-pop stans here? :DD
how you dare to bake an avocado, omg
yeah, don't say anything when you'll get fat
The first one looks easy enough to make ^-^
This food leads to farting in class failing all your class a getting diabetes cancer cardiovascular disease Ebola a ketchup addiction horrible taste buds honest all this is DIS-GUST-ING okuuuuuurrrttttttttt !!!!!!
I keep thinking about diabetes after watching this
Is there literally any egg replacement that would work well with all these recipes?
Who the fuck eats things with ketchup for breakfast... These are more like snacks and desserts, not breakfast unless its a holiday or special occassion and you have min 30 min to make breakfast
I hate bacon ?? and it's all with bacon ??
Tiger loaf has the most beautiful stretch marks??god I'm hungry
Want more vegetarian foods.
Everything has so much fat.. Look delicious.. But maybe once a week..
Erm... Do they eat everything with ketchup?, Lol Wtf
do u have to put bacon in everything
Rip to the crust ??
whats with the orange cheese?
What is it with the ketchup?!? Dipping?!? Lol not everything goes with ketchup
Everytime they dipped the food in ketchup I'd cringe??
This isn't fast at all... And I don't think I have these ingredients and so much time in the morning. Lol
Red velvet pancake was my fav
I need to know the song.
3:37 , 7:32 , 8:59
Why breakfasts on youtube are always fat or extremally sweet?
Genius ?? loved most of them
Most requires baking ?? I don't wanna bake
Your so good at making food ??
My honest opinion about your channel I think you say the recipes a little too fast
I consider this for snack.
eeew...plastic cheese? don't you have real cheese where you live?
Who eats this much for breakfast sometimes I don’t eat till like 2 pm
None of these recipes beat the taste of plain delicious sizzling bacon ????
This is one of my favorite videos so far. OMG! Yes, pllease... yummmy
What you think my muscules I'am Super Strong ??????
I don't like bacon
I am a vegetarian but always like to see non-veg recipes
I don't think it's a good idea to start your day with all this greassy food
Over 1 h for a breakfirst. No!!!! Ich have not monay for this.
Trpp gras
Minuto 9.28 son torrijas pero en dados
PARDON n-ne ^_^ CAN u shaking that egg first around 15 or 30 the tin-nier n-nake n-nore bubble ....^_^ THAT INGREDIANT N-NUST PUT IT'S STEP BYING STEP ,FOR THAT PART'S CAN WORKING PROPERLY AYWAY .....*_^ # GOOD LUCK# FIGHTING * THE N-NOST FIGHTING THE PART OR U NOW 'S KNOW WHAY EVERBODY FAIL IT'S FOR THAT FUNCY PART,CHEERS UP ^_ &GAN-NBETA& ^_^ *_^ ^ GO FOR IT,EVERYBODY CAN ANYWAY*
Overusing bacon much?
wHEN WILL YOU LEARN wHEN WILL YOU LEARN THAT COOKED AVOCADOS ARE FUCKING GROSS AND SO ARE COLD EGGS SO EGG IN AN AVOCADO IS JUST A TERRIBLE IDEA ALL AROUND
why the fuck would you add oil to cook bacon
Todos gostosos ??????
Gross no thanks.. I only found like 3 recipes appetizing.
You should make more healthy foods!
Yay! This video actually has measurements !
You can tell they don't live in America, or they buy farm fresh eggs, because look at the dark color of those yolks! They're beautiful, that's what eggs should look like.
Mm....so yummy????????
y loved them
who the hell is eating so oily.breakfast
Lovely,but I wish you had some thing mad so well for vegetarians
8:39 RED VELVET - REVELUV
1:06 those eggs look brighter than my highlighters
This is diabetes
these like desserts
I love this
2:20??
yummy ??
egg and milk
OMG! I can't ????????
Why do you fucking gremlins have to eat ketchup with nearly everything
It’s bothering me that they put ketchup on everything
11:10 what the heck?! WHAT THE HECK?!!!
OR open a cereal box and pour it in a bowl and add milk ????
Some of these are good but others have too much cheese or are more like desserts to me
Those refried beans looked disgusting
this is the war between twisted and tasty !!!
Must. Put ketchup. On everything.
Is this a second channel of Tasty ??
It’s 1 am and my stomach is growling
These are 'breakfasts' for when you want to get cardiovascular diseases.
Wow! mouth watering recipes. Love everything
Omg the red velvet pancakes looked so good I was going to right down the I recipe then they added vinegar I'm hiley allergic to viniger and all the other I can't eat bc of my braces
iike
Good grief dessert recipes not breakfast. I dont hate my kids this much.
What is the name of the music used in this video
That's not easy at all
Work tomorrow and work e to work tomorrow and tomorrow morning tomorrow and work for tomorrow work and tomorrow tomorrow and ????????????????
Waoooooooooooooo
I love your videos there are so great ??
Never crack eggs straight into something! Its retarded and the white stuff (the COLOR white not egg whites.) is not good for you! Always use a fork and take it out!
You people are gonna have a fucking heart attack sweet jesus the amount of fat
What a rip off, the last one took me two minutes
Nope, I want easy and fast breakfast, sorry I don't eat dessert as breakfast.
I did not like them.. not impressive.. breakfast should be simple and easy to do
You people's is disgusting
11:11 sausage and bacon with caramal sauce and strawberries?????lol!
Last two just made me cringe... But others I'm attempting lol
When that cheese came out that boat.....
UGH! IM HUNGRY??
The French nugget toast is actually called pain Perdue which means lost bread
I hate bacon
Was this sponsored by Heinz or something?
A salty breakfast croissant bake with honey/maple syrup and powdered sugar on top? That's honestly disgusting.
This is absolutely disgusting
Why are all of these so unhealthy. Yeah I’d love to start my day with a meal packed full of bacon and cheese or sugar. This is why America is so fat
Every YouTube channel with food has the same format
Oh my god, it looks all so delicious!!! I'll run to the supermarket as fast as I can to buy all the things I need :-)))
Most of theese are desserts, and many are french toast variations. Also, adding red food coloring doesnt make things red velvet...
They got these ideas from tasty
These are awesome ideas!
Do these turn out the way they are shown?
Is this a bootlegged Tasty?
The new tasty guys!
This cnna channels should get 5Millon subscribers
It always looks so easy but it isn't Q.Q
1,000th like yay ??
What's with the ketchup?
Thank you very much for this great video I hope you translate the words into Arabic to benefit from them and I participated with you channel to reach me all that is new ........Thank you very much
These people must really like ketchup..
I love your recipes. I'm writing down these and make A lot of these
Way to much for a poor countryman. Sorry..
pretty sure half of these should be called desserts instead
Could you do a series on low calorie foods too. Diet food can be tasty too you know... Just needs more thought and care. The kind of lives we lead these days and the stress.... At all ages.. This food though excellent can only be cheat day food ?? looking forward to some equally easy fast and tasty twisted daily foods... May be even more fun make ahead recipes from you.
Why .....why is this channel still at 81k subscribers!!?? ??
Where's the classic breakfast foods? Like Cookies 'n' Creme Horizontal Stripe Cake Or Cookie bottom mousse cake Like if you get that reference
Dead Twisted Chefs, we get it ya'll like to eat. Can you please show normal human sized portions though? An 8-stack of Red Velvet pancakes is the fast track to weighing more than an african elephant circus act where 3 elephants stand on top of eachother. a 2-stack is a more appropriate meal size.
Love the music!
When you do your next ice cream recipe, I heard a song called ice cream twisted the other day..could you play it? It wasn't bad.
Fish
I can't watch or support such waste of food. I am unsubscribing. SHAMEFUL!!
You sure love wasting bread crusts. Idiots.
I love the comment about the gluten and it drawing back. I make tortillas from scratch and keep wondering why sometimes it recoils when I’m trying to roll it out. I believe the solution is to let the dough rest longer, correct?
????????????
Outstanding my man, that chorizo looks amazing.
wish I could meet a handsome man like Bryon who can cook well!! lol
Delicious! I like the mellowness and calm manner of you and this show. Many shows are noisy, voices loud, they have audiences....there’s no need.
Chorizo ??????
You should have dipped it in Taco Bell fire sauce for an authentic flavor
This is just yummy for my weekend movie night :)
You are not a cook you only 1 or 2 year experiment and try to make name with sort Cut
Byron's voice is soooooo soothing... And my stomach is sooooo aching...
I tried this. Good recipe.
Is that your own chorizo or store bought? ??
Love your recipes. If you lower the heat on the cast iron, your tortillas will cook better.
Were you just using a cast iron pan on a ceramic cook top? I thought that could not be done.
I'd let you munch on my quesadilla in the morning, Byron.
Please make Tortillas. I have seen so many but want to watch yours
Looks good. Try cooling down your skillet with a wet towel when it gets too hot or simply start with a medium flame. Your tortilla should not be allowed to smoke at all. Go for a softer brown color on the tortilla bubbles.
The sign off-LMAO. Great video.
When I cook my tortillas they don't bubble and turn out like a poppadom, what am I doing wrong?
bacon fat instead of lard..... Father in Heaven save me from myself...BYRON I LOVE YOU!!!
aloo paratha??
Mmmm.... This is right up my alley given that I'm an Arizona native! Looks delish!
where has this guy been all my life god i'm hungry!!!!
Love these cooking videos. Keep up the Fantastique work. ???????
byron why dont u make something that we can find in the fridge. like, what to do when u only have lettuce and beef in ur fridge. how can we improvise. something like that.
You make everything look so delicious and easy to make. Thanks for all the inspo! ??
American cheddar looks so weird all orange and shit.
Just me or is this way too much effort for a home cooked breakfast. Like for a restaurant it makes sense but at home? Just have an omelet with all the same shit
Its like Indian Parathas
Just subscribed & I'm already in luvvv ?? mostly cause I'm a fat ass but luv the recipes ??
hey byron...my dream is to make a food truck so if u dont mind can i take some of your recipes ...
How he says chorizo. Lol The correct way to say it is cho-dee-so
Any enchilada recipes?
That looks amazing, glad I found your channel, I needed ideas to cook for my family.
????????
i don't like when my girlfriend watches these videos
where can I buy those big slabs of the wooden cutting board thingy?
Could you do a video on making corn tortillas?
eat a dang quesadilla! subscribe to learn more about SPUP
Breakfast Quesadillas f d r Google msMichelle  cook
Lol you don't use tongs when flipping tortillas use your hands! And you burnt them lol ?? ??
As a Mexican i think you did it perfect
so many food police. I'm Mexican and I so enjoyed this video, the beauty of food is that it's universal you can play with it and do your own variations. You don't like the cheese, use whatever you prefer, don't like how he flips the tortillas, flip them as you please. My mom was 100% Mexican and she always substituted things in her recipes and everything was always delicious. Don't knock on things before you've tried them. Never thought of using bacon fat instead or regular Lard I'm excited to try and see what my family thinks! thanks for the delicious recipe as always Byron!
would be nice with some pics of the flour/fat mix before you added water.
Hey Byron ???? you do a lot of recipes with egg would you please do a burger with an egg on it recipe
Can I b your wife
fuck two hours for a dough
1:35 flour bae
That's not a quesadilla homie, that is a mulita.
Do a greek or african recipe, please ??
That's indian chapati!
tbh... dont nobody got time for all this
toen ik een kind was keek ik dit whene i was a kid i wacht dis
At the beginning I was a bit iffy about this video because I saw flour tortillas and not corn tortillas but then you started to make it from scratch and I had to give props to you for going a step further. Love it.
Yup Byron low key Mexican....homemade flour tortillas, you went all out
GRINGA GRINGA GRINGA
what knives do you use? and where can I get good ingredients like you? can you do a video about your knives and where / how you source such beautiful ingredients??
i made this for my family without the bacon i used turkey rashers. it was delicious!!! thank you for the recipe. could i make this woth brown flour too?
The way this man talks about his food. I needa find me a shawty to talk about me like da ????
hey Byron , pls share your red velvet cupcake recipe
You should make a strawberry short cake
I really enjoy watching and trying your recipes!! Can you come up with a dish that includes quinoa? I bet you will kill it!! Cheer!!
please make a kitchen tour video! i would like to see how your whole kitchen looks like :) thanks
Looks sooo good!
good video, good idea. I still prefer bbq pull pork, corn, egg and mixed cheese, in creamy spicy dip.
seems like, it's too hard to make a tortilla! but believe me, in India, it's very common. we used to make it three times a day in a count of 30-40! and it's perfectly round shape! it's called ROTI :)
These look incredible Byron! Love the idea of adding the bacon fat. Soo good!
Hi Byron, love your videos!!! I subscribed right away. Have you ever considered publishing your own cook book with all the recipes. Thanks :)
I don't eat cheese. What can I use to replace the cheese?
wow thats a lot of work for a quesidilla maybe this is how it's done at resturants
Please show us a recipe for mango tea and different drinks to serve since it's getting warmer, especially in the Massachusetts area :)
Looks delicious
Do you have any kids?
In general, nice but... Byron, do you know how BAD pork is for health? It is not even considered edible.
Tasted quesadillas once and decided that I don't it but I think I'm trying it again because of your video
im wet
love these man! I love making these...mine is a little more low key cuz I don't make the tortillas haha. Also, what knife do you use?
Can I give this vid multiple ??????
plz marry me..
Breakfast foods are the best kinds of foods out there. Show me someone who doesn't think this looks delicious and I'll show you a liar. Great recipe!
try them with some monterey jack chesse next time, you wont regret!
beautifully stacked quesa's!
Love your content! Byron! I made a bet with my friend that I could get 500 subscribers within 8 days. If I win I get 100$! Help me out on this one YouTube! Ohh and I own a Food Channel ????
00:28 a little more bang for my butt and to be more recoursefull with my cum????
This looks delicious, the best part is that it looks super easy to make ??????????????????????????????
sir i would love to see you to rate games
Hi i have a new cooking channel and wanted to know if you would like to collaborate on a video?
1:35 'flour bae'
Im 5 minutes into the video, i just found your channel, and im in love.
You are boss with those knife skills! Can we please get a knife skills video? Love your simple yet elegant cooking style! Help a beginner out!
I've never seen chorizo looking like mince :O the end product looks delicious nontheless!
How can i replace the fat to make the dough?????
Looks yummy!
How many tortillas does the dough recipe make? Can you make ahead of time and store the dough or freeze it?
hello Byron! I was looking through all of your videos for pork chops but you don't have any. you should do one for awesome pork chops!
I would eat this but I'm allergic to cheese ;(
Those knife skills though! ??
Byron, you don't know how to roll perfect round shape tortilas. It is not that difficult. It can be done in not more than 10 seconds.
ap ki roti gol nai hay, ap ko rishta nai milay ga.
Your background music is good! It is well-matched with today's food.???? + I really like Quesadillas????
Yum! I want one!:D
Is there anything you can substitute the lard and the bacon fat with? As a veggie, I can't eat them, but I really want to try these:)
It's almost dinner time in Britain, but we'd love these any time of day!
My family is Mexican, my husband is white haha. (He always tells me, how do you manage to have homemade tortilla every single day?) My family got me used to literally having tortillas at least once a day. So I make tortilla dough every night to have for the next day and so on. I also make homemade corn tortillas, way way better than store bought. Anyways I love love your cooking videos! Blessing to you and your little family. ?? (oh and never thought of using a mixer! For the past 10 years I've done my dough all by hand, definitely trying that!)
Why can't I chop my veggies like you?! ????
Can you make more foods that you bring to school or work. You have a lot of recipes that you have to eat right away. :/
Hi Byron! :) How many tortillas did you get from this recipe?
1:35 salt bæ
what is a good substitute for the bacon fat/ lard?
Ooh! I want one! Hmm, you know, I've never thought about making scrambled eggs in a saucepan before...
It's Paratha, with stuffing! Lool.
Wow! This is awesome! :)
why do you add milk to your scrambled eggs? I've tried it with and without and it doesn't make that much of difference
Most of your recipes I would never attempt to make , but I just love watching your videos. They are so aesthetically pleasing and relaxing it honestly doesn't matter what you're cooking I'd still watch it lol. If you ever decide to one a restaurant or even put a dish on someones menu I would so support it! Keep up the great work!
I am a offended, and this made me feel mexican.
I used to enjoy fresh homemade tortilla's when my grandma used to make them. but sadly since she has alzheimer's she hasnt made them in a long time. and she never gave us her recipe for them
The bacon fat is it just leftover fat from cooking bacon in a pan or is it something special about it? xD
Can't wait to try this x
It looks so yummy <3 I want to try using our local longganisa instead of chorizo >\\\<
if you prepare the tortillas a day before. how long do they keep?
Your videos make me hungry ??
Please make a video of Tortilla De Patatas aka Spanish Omelette!!
I make breakfast burritos but I have never made a breakfast quesadilla. I need to!
You are honestly the only cooking Chanel I love to watch. And you make homemade tortillas look easy to make ??
I love how you keep the Mexican recipes, Actually Mexican... ???? Thank You! ?? Will definitely be making these!
Looks like I'm having breakfast for dinner because anything more complicated than toast and eggs for breakfast is too complicated for my morning brain.
this video was great, but the audio was a bit low during the tasting section
cenk uygur denies the armenian genocide
Another great video! Thanks Byron ??
Empanadas? Pleaseeee. ??
Hey Byron! Awesome videos, again! You need a show on food network!! The video quality is so good!
I could pay my rent with what that mixer costs.
Great video!! Looks delicious!! I'm new to your channel but I'd love to see a shepherds pie recipe! :) If you've already done one then just ignore! :p
i love the minimalistic style of cooking
Byron, you should take your wife to a Cafe Rio. Its a Mexican grill. Hope you give it a try!! Promise you will love it!
Loved this!!!! Making it for dinner asap!!! Would love to see a video of you showing / talking about all of your most used kitchen tools listen in your description box
Those look awesome.
4:18 I bet he ate that
chapati .... we have been eating this since. forever
Byron slapped that quesadilla down like it owed him money
Seriously change the cheese to something sharp/acidic and you'll be happier Just always avoid american't cheese - barf
Yum I love chorizo
Can I use vegetable shortening instead pork fat ?
Nice tortilla making skills! ??
I've made all your breakfast dishes LOL
I thought you said mix for 45 minutes and I was like whaaaaaaat lol
I'm confused why you always try the food before you sit down and film your impression of it..!?
Give a good look to the camera at :20 lol. I saw the comment below about glass tops and cast iron, I'm glad they asked I was wondering that. Great video! One Question, how do you make this when your kid(s) are screaming at you that there hungry! lol... Keep up the great work sir! Chris
Try Oaxaca cheese instead! You make everything look soooo delicious!!!! ???? xoxo
Your tortilla making game needs to be upgraded.
This dude is a beast
Looks amazing!
the amount of cilantro in that nearly made me throw up. the soap plant
As a Mexican living in Mexico, I approve this quesadillas, but I think it would be better with a more mexican cheese, like Oaxaca cheese
bro
These looks sooooo good
????????????????????
You deserve way more subscribers, love your videos!
How do you scramble your eggs? Do you whip it the whole time with a whisk or switch halfway through? If you switch, with what? Thank you! Big fan!
If anyone is planning on or made this recipe please tell me how it turned out
Could I substitute the bacon fat with coconut oil or shortening ? I can't eat anything containing pork/pork derivatives ??
This looks so good! Can't wait to make it!
Yum
you make it look so easy!....how?!?
The dislikes are from people who doesn't love food and good work with it ??
Love it! Now I'm hungry, can I get one? haha ??
Are you telling me that tortillas are just basically roti but with a different type of flour and less oil?
My tortillas became crispy hard after cooking??what did I do wrong:0
i make omlets and scrambled eggs and quesadillas all the time... butto make a breatkeft one.. i never thought about that haha
Dislike for stupid idiot
1:18 what is mixter
"... to get rid of the bacon bits.' Dude no.
ready for breakfast? until i cook these its already late in the night :D good video!
Can you make a video on how to care for cast iron pans
Its like chapati with fillings
These look amazing!!
YUMMMMY
I didn't think you could use cast iron on glass counter tops :o
You sound funny saying tortilla xD and it was a lot of times, Maybe I sound the same saying something in english :P Good recipe!
this is literally my stress reliever. i love watching you make art with food. you really capture it all and give a nice picture. ??
The eggs need to be cooked with the chorizo. After it kinda melts add the eggs and then cook it like you would scrambled eggs.
screw it I'm making this for dinner tonight
Why do u always look mad when cooking? haha
man I love ur cooking I been doing some of ur recipe and I going to food Network to compete for chopped I will be doing some of ur recipe
Don't forget the usual rice and beans that accompanies this crap.
Hey Byron, any chance you could do a shakshuka recipe?
saludos 7u7
I'm Mexican so I get to enjoy homemade tortillas pretty often xD Thanks for the recipe! It looks really good ??
haz tlayudas =3
Looks friggin delish Byron! Definitely going to try this tomorrow for breakfast!
So gay :O
looks so yummy!!
I hope the tortillas came out delicious! My mom has tried doing them in our mixer..they don't taste the same compared to making them by hand. She also uses hot water! She goes in with her hands too, idk how she stands the hot heat haha I will definitely try this! :)
I am incapable of seeing one of your videos and not clicking on it
what can be substitute for lard and bacon or any butter will work please
Looks tasty! ??
nunca había visto que alguien batiera la masa para tortillas con máquina, ni que las voltearan con palillos ??
Did the "raw" taste of the pepper and onion cook off with the heat of the cheese melting? or did you still get some of that flavor?
I need to mix it for 45 minutes?!? 0:53
anything with bacon is awesome
Dude that's a gringa
I can never find chorizo where I live :(
My favorite breakfast place does choizo tacos and they're so good.
Wow, you never fail to impress Byron! You've really inspired me to work hard and improve my cooking. Hopefully, I can be as good as you one day
Hey Byron! Who makes those nice Saute Pans?
Hey Bryon! Are there any alternatives to bacon fat/lard for this recipe? Thanks! :)
what can we use instead of pork fat?
How much time does everything take on the whole? Love the recipe though <3
yumm! love your vids :)
Could you please share some recipes that don't contain onions, peppers, or mushrooms?... I really don't like those. Thank you ??
never been so excited to watch a video.
4 people just don't understand.
file corruptions are the antithesis of chorizo
Marry Meee ! I love watching all of your videos ! keep it up
Marry me ! I love your channel
fantastic! ezpeazea
why have I never thought to do this?! I do burritos all the time, but never even thought to do a quesadilla
Y wouldn't I leave the bacon bits in the bacon fat tortillas with bacon sounds fkn delicious
Perfect quesadillas!! loved them!
I've been waiting for this video ????
wow looks good OMG
The Quesadillas looks really good.I use a little bit olive oil in the pan. I think that`s what I should make for lunch todayyyyy~~~~With avocado, Hehehe...
Already has 1 dislike? Wth
Oh my GOD !! ???? That's amazing ?? one of the BEST channels !!
looks nice. good breakfast idea??
This is the earliest I've ever been to any video, I'm so excited, the first few seconds alone look AMAZING! After having just finished watching it, I have to say, I'm very jealous of you right now!
mucho bueno
Looks good and delicious!
love your videos...????????
omg these look soo nicee ??
Finally! Ive been so excited to see this video!
nice
keep going with these great videos !!
??
I tried the waffle recipe and the waffles tasted horrible.
Ur recipes are amazing but I don't get all ingredients??
sigh
I love your recipes
Wow! Thank you! All recipes are amazing ??
I tried the Apple rolls Not that good
I think it's American style breakfast, in Europe and Asia you can't have such huge, calorie full things in the morning....that's why Americans are HUGE!!!! You have to decide whether you want to live longer or die sooner eating things like this!!! Full of sugar...poor body!
Damn this looks good... I'm gonna go eat my spaghetti now
hi there its so nice cooking and useful tips thank you so much.
pollen 'p?l?n/ noun a fine powdery substance, typically yellow, consisting of microscopic grains discharged from the male part of a flower or from a male cone. Each grain contains a male gamete that can fertilize the female ovule, to which pollen is transported by the wind, insects, or other animals.
Excellent do For lunch and dinner also please............
What was your favorite recipe?
that's not what a shakshuka looks like... everything else looks super delicious though
Excellent recipes
It could be just be, but anything involving an oven is too hard to consider for breakfast lol
You should make more healthy foods!
How do you make the sauce in the first one
Shakshuka is an Egyptian dish but we mix eggs with tomatos
The apple French roll ups are amazing
?? ???? ???? ?? ???? ????? ?????? ???
Nthng is easy as indian breafast idly,Dosa enough for a lifetime
Congratulations on an excellent video!!! Wow, absolutely delicious stuff! I can't wait to try these breakfasts! Thank you so much!
is there any substitute for eggs
Love at first sight omg I subscribed. Will try one dish soon.
I hate avocado ,its like butter??????
Complete your dishes are amazing
Wow amazing recipes but we don't eat eggs????
So yummy food ????
SOO GOOD
All seem delicious but I was wondering whether there is a substitute for sour cream in recipe no. 2.
Who has the time?
is that 70s porn music i hear
wooo. greata stuff
How tf is guac breakfast?
such a easy deli cook. im going to fallow
Thank you for saving my Sunday morning!????
Awesome breakfast tricks and recipite but do people really eat this to breakfast!?:/
All dishes are extremely delicious but highly unhealthy
Wouldn't necessarily say easy, for some of them.
After watching all of this..mm i think I'll eat cereal with some milk ???? Life is easy ??
This isn't easy lol
Pancham
In 0:30 u have Korondi's ceramics bowl?
straight into my cooking playlist!
Congrats for the 1m subscribers P.S your recipes are everything ????
What is your definition of easy?
Can I change my breakfast habits ?
Love your recipes!
I 'am a kid but I 'am 9 year old but whenever I 'am like my mom she can teach me how to Cook ?????
You are a sensational cook. Everything tastes delicious. Please post the musical artists with your videos. Easy listening music goes well with cooking and eating. Who is the artist on this video, thanks?
First one tasted amazing! Great idea. Definitely earned a new subscriber
i love it, but how to cook a delicious meal in a very short time ? like 5 minutes.....
Thats make me hungry
My most faves were apple rolls, apple pancakes and potato cheese pancakes ! Yummy
Came here cuz I'm sick of cereal and milk
Perfect suggestions for brunch!
OMG This just gave me some great ideas! Thank you!
just looking for it
Very nice presentation!
0:08 - Apple French Toast Roll Ups 1:07 - Twice Baked Potato w/ Egg 1:56 - Homemade Waffles 2:47 - Roasted Tomato Grilled Cheese 3:40 - Crisp Apple Pancakes 4:38 - Shakshuka/Eggs in Tomato Sauce 5:39 - Perfect Guacamole 6:34 - Ricotta Blueberry Pancakes 7:30 - Cheese Potato Pancakes 8:25 - Dutch Baby Pancake
Super ?????????????????????????????
I’m just gonna heat up some Roman noodles ??
nocumuntonliwatch
Wich caméra do you use can you answer nme please ????
amazing ?????
thank you??????????
Grilled cheese and coca-cola's the best breakfast. Hold the tomatoes, please. Cute cooking video :)
Nachos for breakfast? #winning
What I like about your recipes they are easy to make They always turn out to be good You mention how many people it serves and there are many for me to choose So I subbed you
wow
Guacamole is delicious, but why is it in a breakfast video?
Could you please kindly make a video of the "lunch box" friendly recipes? (Summer and winter food )
Perfect !!
Very nice
Kiz gitmis mücvere pankek demis
Is not... Easy at all
All i seen was 10 easy breakfast recipes.I clicked so dam fast.Im hungry too, and its mng time.
I always love your channel because it helps me to learn many recipes easily.
Music reminds me of Gran Turismo ??
Could you list or tell the back ground music during the video.
Having a meal with garlic in the morning doesn't sound so appealing to me - The aftertaste and bad breath... Ew.
With out egg you can't do any breakfast
Amazing recipes, but the video is damn quick. I cannot catch all the ingredients. I have to download the video and watch it again in slow motion ??
Can we just have breakfast for lunch and dinner too?
who thought of that shitty music to accompany such lovely grub!!
Its nice watching your channel I like the videos you sending me and your background music is perfect
Nice Food
You are amazing thank you ??????
Hallo. Very interesting those crisp pancakes... but could I leave out the apples? It could be better, for my own taste. Thanks if you'll answer.
Great video!!!
I love it!!! I love your channel!
music is adorable!
Beautiful video! Would whole wheat flour work for the waffles?
If you were my sister, i would ask you to make me breakfast everyday ..??????
2 ?????-???????????? ???????
Thank you for so many wonderful recipes
Imagine a brunch with all these recipes! Amazing!!!
??
Tutto buonissimo sicuramente, ma quanti grassi e roba fritta.
Awesome ????
I can eat 6 uv those waffles, 3 uv those sandwhiches, 6 uv those apple pancakes, 10 cheese potato pancakes??????
Why you do them to gather you make me confused But you are great thanks
I really wish I had time in the morning to do those :D
All I can say is WOW!!!
This was a wonderful video. I'm going to try the red sauce and egg dish and the blueberry ricotta pancakes.
?????? cest super !!!
Chakchouka is a north African dish, it's better when you don't use onions and use more garlic, and add some hot sauce to give it the right amount of spice (it's not really meant to be served as a break fast)
The music reminds me of Tasty
I thought there will be muffins as well. Btw I loved all of them.
Breakfast orgy! Yummy, loved it!
????? ???.. ?????
That was just so good. Really nicely made video... and food!
absolument fabuleux,fantastique dommage qu'il n'ai pas de traduction en français en tout les cas .....respect madame ????
Hope she didnt learn this from tasty or will will get repost recipes all the time lol nice vid anyway
Amazing video and editing skills , may I ask you if it doesn't bother you my question what lens do you use to shoot your videos and what type of light do you use ?
You are super??great job Ella..
You really have a lot of different choice of different food what to cook I'm try a lot of these food and breakfast desserts very nice very very nice bring some nice other things I would love to see I've been watching your Channel so it's time for me to give you ten thumbs up
i wish i had the time and energy to make stuff like this for breakfast.. also this is like torture when you're hungry
Best video ever!!!. All your videos are really lovely and sooo pretty. ?? it.
These are awesome. Your channel is wonderful. I hope you reach 1 million subscribers soon!
Very nice video Ella, good idea making a top 10 recipes! I think my favourites are the sweet recipes...as italian I could never eat "potatoes with egg on top" as a breakfast! :D
I love your recipes and videos!
Ich liebe das sieht lecker aus ????
Good recipes. Loved all of them. Thanks for sharing
V useful recipes
You should create a book, would be amazing!
Your recipes are absolutely amazing! I already baked so many cakes and they are perfect! Thank you so much for sharing with us! ?
You should do one for lunch!!
Shalom Gracias por tus recetas,todas son deliciosas ????????????????????
I want to eat all of them
Absolutely fantastastic??
Any subtitute for eggs bcoz of allegry to them awesone recepies
love your recipes??
LOVE!! only problem....what to make first!!
Wow, so many awesome choices. I think I love all of them, hard to choose a favorite.
Imi place ca folosesti multe vase traditionale romanesti, te respect! ?
What are you serving with the apple rolls? Is it jam?
Looks yummy
I really don't like garlic for breakfast, thanks alot Ella
@ Home Cooking Adventure Now can't wait for " Easy 10 lunch recipes"
Algum BR?
????????
Everything looks delicious :) soo nice ideas!
????
Thanks for your amazing videos! I actually have your triple chocolate mousse sitting in my fridge waiting to be unveiled tonight for Eid supper!
This one goes straight in my cooking playlist.
Subscribe to my Chanel
Great video! Can I come over for brunch this weekend? ;)
Tt veramente squisito!?? complimenti sei bravissima! Grazieeeee ??????
so nice????
wow?? verry good
First
A MONTH!!!!!!
Dont forget to freeze your food for 3 months kids!
freeze up to 3 months ..?
I was so confused about the spinach smoothie because at first, they didn't add the spinach
I frickin love this idea
It look so good
"And heeeeeeeres the frozen fruuuuuuit..."
I love this maybe the cook ?? ?? ?? or not
When I first saw the egg with vegetables I was like Me : OH!! That was my mother's recipe
Pineapple wth milk but pineapple and milk combination can lead us to death
I read that as Meal Prep for the Weak, because I am... XP
My fridge doesn't have that many eggs
1:07 c'mon tasty we all know that's Rubbermaid
All of these people that gave this video a thumbs down, clearly must have maids!!!!! Tfs ??????
Food for people that don't like real food.
This music is very relaxing
A month wtf yep this is gonna be ready for the week
Can anyone please tell me the name of these plastic bags used to preserve the fruits?
Why did I misunderstood "Week" for "Weak"
PLEASE don't mix eggs and broccoli unless you wanna have explosive diarrhea!
I don't even eat eggs... but why do y'all horrifically overcook them like this??
Can u just eat it right there and then
Looks like repeatition
I am going to do everything! But I will take broccoli to any recipe, I HATE broccoli
Ahh yes can't forget to label the bags of fruit that suspiciously look like the label we have given them. Can't forget a strawberry for anything else now can we?
Wtf! 3 months! I can cook a lot of food on those 3 months!
That repetitive music was incredibly annoying. Also, enough with the greek yogurt.
Amazing you should do a lunch one this was awesome right up my ally
Reach ten mil alreadyyy
This could take me a week just to make Monday LOL
before they put the veggies in I was like ooh that would be really good then once they put it in, I was like hell no
Oddly Satisfying Me!
Asians don’t eat food prepared for day to consume it another day.i prefer fresh cook & eat ur video says it can last up to month ??
Meal prep for the WEAK..
Mario bros music, anyone else recognize that? No? Just me? Okay.
Still abnormally normal. Usual tasty.
Anyone try these recipes?
The muffin confused me. Why broil it and not toast it? Why put it in a damp paper towel BEFORE freezing?
I cant understand people who want every morning something different for breakfast.
You can’t be serious? Store up for months... um no.. ????
Why would you freeze food inside a damp paper towel?? The towel is going to become a block of solid ice
Tasty indeed.
The pancakes look so unappealing. But like food prep vids.
Ok so I’ve done the breakfast sandwich thing but the eggs get so dry after heating them in the microwave. Anyone have a tip for this???
wow!!!!!!!!!!!
How to defrost these pancakes?
Plzzzz plzzzz make more videos on meal prep.... Plzzzz????
Working at tbell.. I cringed at how those burritos were folded ??
Can u guys pls make something that kids can make that doesn't require difficult things or way too much food
im lactose and tolerance-
Watching this put the taste of microwaved egg in my mouth :B the rest seems good though
341
It's 3:30 am I have a play tmr And im watching this. F M L
Who watches these videos just to see the food how tempting it looks and not the recipe???? If do so then hit the like button plzz ??????
I'd watch these so much more if there was a voice over, you can't look away for a second or you miss something so half the time I don't click
The music on replay got really irritating
T~T
What's the purpose of using damp towel in microwave?
Yummy
Get dat damp paper towel
This music makes me want to stab my ears with a wisk
It seems delicious but personally I think it is not eco friendly as this will create a lot of rubbish.
Quality content
No measurements though
I can't wait a month:'( I don't have patience
Plz sub to me cuz I need to try to get to 50 subs plzzzz
I want to make all of these ??
Strawberries aren't berries...
great video!! thank you
4:30 does everybody cook eggs with water or is it just not me?
You made a mistake at 6:02, it says F twice, but we know what it's meat to say:)
I really need a much larger freezer...
My super pregnant ass wants granola bars now
I wonder why they used turkey bacon ????????????
hey, am just gonna freeze these fruits for 3 months.
hey, am just gonna freeze this sandwich for a month.
This is soooooo good and the music makes me feel optimistic ! Definitely gonna try this on my diet ^_^
So glad they labelled the bag strawberry banana
some are definitely not for the healthy people here lol
kiwi, banana... SPINACH??!
I heard Ron Swanson killed himself after watching this.
They're fxxking frozen! -Gordon Ramsay
You will be late to work every single day. Or just do this on the holidays
B you got me fucked up if you think anyone is going to use 12 eggs in one recipe
As a busy person, this is really helpful!! Meal prep prevent you for skipping meal. I've been looking for meal prep recipe this week, and tasty never disappoint me ????????????
I like the mixed berry smoothie best.
Good job tasty! These are kinda healthy!
how about you teach us how to waste less when cooking :D give us some cool ideas
Good video! You should put the macros and calories too?
Can someone tell me what the first one was
Hope u hit 10 mil
GODDAMN SO GOOD BUT MY MOMS OVEN DOES NOT WORK
It's not Tasty !! It's stacked funky smelling food ??????????????
Who puts barely a sprinkle of cheese in a burrito!?
Instead of promoting regular fresh cooking.....'stack your food in freezer' for a week in advance !! ????????Yay???????? !! So that if you decide to eat something else...????????..noooo !! There is already food stacked in my freezer !!! Fuckerssss ??????
Looks so yummy ??????
Very nice ????????
Thank god for the labels on the fruit. Really had me confused thinking it was chicken ... lmao so extra.
I can't afford this.. ????
raw oats? it causes inflammation !!
Oh my gosh! Thank you so much for this! Super helpful! I like meal prepping but its hard tl fond time to make things for breakfast so I usually skip it sadly! Everything here looks so great. I'm definitely going to try some of these! Many thanks!
Leaving out the measurements and making us go to another site? Unsubscribe...
I need more healthy meal prep!!!
Turkey
All this meal prep shit is big freezer privilege tbh
I wonder how many times I’ve watched Tasty videos that has frittata in it.
Many flewaer ...... And awesome test....... Thanks tasty
Nah, id rather eat fresh food. This is unhealthy.
Is it necessary to freeze for a moth or is it optional?
Ok, now im in LOVE with you ??
As of right now I am still a child by some day I’d like to becomes a parent and adapt some of these ideas To how my family would eat.
Wh- Three months?!
I ain't gonna freeze mf eggs
That first egg sandwich is Kanye shaped
Amazing video. Love it. This video was superb.
The first one would be eggsellent if I was not allergic to eggs.
they put four shreds of cheese on that breakfast burrito
I am I the only person who cannot do a “bird” and egg in the same meal? Like I think there’s something wrong with eating a chicken omelette.
why are they writing names on see through bags?
Maybe a smoothie recipe for people who just happen to be allergic to bananas?
Over night oats is the most disgusting white people shit ever
Literally CANNOT stop binging these videos! Love it! xx
The way they wrapped the burrito hurt me a bit...
Chocolate Milk?
This is a fun and slightly more interesting way to get a week's worth of meal prep done! Admittedly I just go out and buy a box of cereal, but to each their own right?
What is the brown paper?
How did the granola bars get that thick when there clearly weren’t enough oats to cover the bottom of the pan? ??
That’s some shit they feed u at overnight summer camp
I wish I had my own fridge ??
Meanwhile poor student can't afford fresh ingredients
Tasty ?? aye
Gooddam some of these look good but my lazy ass wouldn’t even think of ever trying it
Damn meal prepping looks interesting, but I’d never do it.
For the first one...., what about the Measurements??
What the hell 4:49 Who can't roll a burrito??????
Cooking right know!
https://youtu.be/vZaZ-oouwhw
I really love to eat Tasty Reuploads for everyday! Yum!
Don't make the spinach milk smoothie unless you don't mind farting non stop for a year.
I didn't finish the video before I got up to go make the breakfast sandwiches and the prep ahead kiwi banana smoothies. Hahaha.
That would not last me long tho those small things??
Is only a reposted video...
Very cool ideas here.
I wish I can have breakfast food all three meals ??
Can you make a video of cooking before school?
those are the saddest pancakes i've ever seen
I thought the smoothie said freeze for 3 months at first
alternative to doing any of this: just make some grilled cheese
I get the Digorno Crispy Pan Pizza ad every video. btw I'm a very small YouTuber
The breakfast videos are my favorite!
Very confused as to why they’re using almond milk but then also using Greek yogurt which has dairy...like either use no dairy completely or cow’s milk throughout ???????
Can the almond butter be replaced with peanut butter in the last one, or would that taste bad?
While some of these seemed great and I might try them out, one thing I haven't ever really understood is what is with sweet breakfast? I mean the most I've tried is porridge with berries and even then it was too sweet for me. I really prefer savory.
Am I the only one who gets Asda "It starts with a ..." adverts?
That's a big ass egg piece
To: people who are saying they are repeating everything/overusing clips. Buzzfeed/Tasty has to make schedules for both, both use the same people, and new recipes can be hard to think of, and if you are doing collabs with big people it can take a while to do. (Sorry if my English is not well) From: JJ.
Am I the only one who gets Asda "It starts with a ..." adverts?
This music is honestly the most wholesome and uplifting thing ever.
Me wishing there was a such thing as a second breakfast ??
I hate spinach smoothies they actually tend to cut my tongue and apparently it was a defense mechanism that they made thousands of years ago so that they wouldn’t get eaten by herbivores or something.??
Im so confused cuz i've never got an ad on yt before.
BITTTCCHHH serve looookkks hunnnty????????
Okay but how so I make the damp paper towel
I'm 13,248th!
Anyone else getting these “Terror High” ads?
yum
Puts "Strawberries and Bananas" on a clear bag when we can easily see it
No It happens to me stupidmicro trans spay
Good ideas... I love this channel!
do you even know how expensive almond butter is...
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IJi3kp2JA-k
Perfect breakfast !!??
I do cold overnight oatmeal ???? super easy and keeps ya regular tbh
And I just had a piece of chocolate cake this morning .. (Can’t cook for myself yet since I’m young/there was nothing in the fridge and my parents are never home soo)
Did anyone get that music.ly/TikTok add??
The fruit is not frozen when she takes it out of the freezer
Wait? This is a tasty video?! I though I was loading into sims.
Yummy!
A lot of great ideas here! I'd change a few things like using real bacon instead of turkey bacon. The sheet pan pancakes didn't look so great, but I can just skip that one. :) This could make breakfast time a little easier in the morning with kids!
All those breakfast meals look delicious
IM EARLY
This is ellie -->?? Ellie does not have a name or age Name her And the amount of likes is her age
Am i the only one who watch this in bed trying to sleep
what can I use in place of the Greek yogurt in the smoothies )):
OH YESSSS!
Time to eat
Amazing video, horrible burrito wrapping skills lol
I like meal prep do more
Meh!
Before 5,000 views! Never thought it'd be this early!
broccoli and eggs?
Are you sure about freezing cooked eggs and meat because I don't want to get food poisoning !!
No I do to
or meal prep for the month...
I would do the first one without brocolli, anybody has an idea for a substitute? Can I use a pressed garlic instead of the powder?
I like the longer-ish videos ??
Is anybody keep getting musically ads on every tasty video
Binge watching tasty videos ????
1:39 was confused for half a second, only to realize the horror that I would soon witness.
2:16 I actually want to try this so bad (even if it has spinach)
Good video
Want to hear a joke ? Read more
why do we have to wait a month to eat it?
??????????!
Nice idea
Yammy
3 MONTHS??? NO ONE IS WAITING 3 MONTHS TO PREP BREAKFAST FOR A WEEK
Broccoli is a trap.
Omg yassss!!!! So early!! Where r u notification squad??
44 views, 114 likes. YouTube is being very drunk.
Loveeee from India!!!!!!!
44 views and 105 like. YOUTUBE BEEN DRINKING LAST NIGHT.
Whenever my bread is hot and I wrap a towel around it, it always sticks and gives me the hardest time
Wish I had that every morning
44 views 99 likes ??????
I'm drooling right now...
LOVE IT!! THANKS TASTY!! Fabulous work as always!
Yummmmmmy
We all love our meal prep videos. Around 60 million episodes clearly isn’t enough ??
FOOD!
0:04 kind of looks like weetbix
Like this if you’re early ??
TASTY TASTE !
EGGSCELLENT video
Am I the only person who keeps on getting the same Tresemme hairspray commercial????
????? ????? ??? ????????????????????
hi
Hmmm will try it.
https://youtu.be/FQJmg6radhU
Highlight of my day
Early, I love this channel so much,especially Alix, she so funny, keep up the good food
Wow! This is so awesome and nice!
?????
Hello beautiful person scrolling through the comments ????????? From a friendly masculine coach.
4 th
Ayee early??
first, so tasty
nice guys ?? guys welcome to my diy channel ?
Yummy i will try it defenetly!!??
1
...
