If you're still making these videos you should do one on Dean Saunders scoring from a throw in as the lone attacker by bouncing the throw off the back of the goalie
Hipsters talk sports
So the score is 18-1....(!)
My boi Mr. Gill
IN THE YEAR 2000
P.O.I.N.T.S
they have the gayest white ppl on this show
There was one game between the Boston Bruins and the Montreal Canadians, I think it was 2 years ago in the preseason but the Bruins were winning like 14-2 and in the last 10 minutes of the 3rd period they just stopped calling all infractions against the Canadians so they could just end the game faster
Here’s a question, can basketball refs score and it still count, if so, can the players stop them?
1:20 "So the score is 18-1" "Ok" No not ok...can we have a rewind on this game pls
Player 3 has entered the game.
The referee they are talking about was suspended for seven weeks and the goal was revoked.
When you figure out how to use cheat codes on FIFA 19
It’s also called laws in America... I know it was a joke, but as an ex referee I see passed it. So it kinda sucked.
For me I have reffed soccer for about 4 years and I never thought of doing this although I did know that the ref is part of the field
That pure black background looks so good on oled screens...
I have scored a goal like the first one animated, not with my head, but with my butt. I had the penta-hexagon pattern from the seams on my left butt cheek for a week, and oh boy, what a week.
WIMPole
As a current referee myself, I can confirm that this, however unfair, is legal. And I neither understand why they are called "the laws of the game" and not "the rules of the game"
(0:25) In IIHF (international ice hockey rules, used by some countries), if the puck touches one of the officials before going into the goal, it will not count. I don't see why this wouldn't be the case for other sports too. This would avoid two cases: • biased official helping a team to score • using an official to rebound to score Although the case of an official preventing a goal won't be solved in either case. But that doesn't matter.
Is it just me, or does this Ryan guy talks about Europe, and more specifically, Britain, in a mocking way? I'm not getting all butt-hurt over it, but he knows that it's not an island of pretentious people with monocles walking around, right?
This Ryan guy is so annoying
22-goal thriller. The ref was definitely on their side
hey look its pat
An AR should never be on the field unless it's a PK and he's standing on the 18 and the goal line.
300th comment!
Imagine the uproar if it happened in Jamaica and they did a Jamacian accent mon.
In Britain, it's called football. Get it right.
Originally happened in Turkey. Fenerbahçe Besiktas.
As a formerly licensed referee, this is true, but frowned upon.
Read the rule, did the exam to became a soccer referee myself, and is true. Lol
Pffft . Americans and their stupid ideas .
I'm a fan of this channel and the "weird rules" series of vids, but this one was not my favourite. I don't know if it is my bias, but too many times when I hear Americans speaking about soccer, I don't know, there is this naivety, ignorance or just plain condescension when they speak about it. It just doesn't seem to be regarded as a serious sport. I don't know, maybe I am being unfair.
I want to see this video and I’m not even a soccer fan but I still would like to see the video. Anyone got a idea of where it is
"Here comes that scorin' ref again."
Guy on the right does a really good british accent :)
Team of refs sounds cool
It was Essex... you know...
In hockey, I've scored multiple goals directly hitting a referee's skate or something and the puck went in and it counted. I've also scored a goal on my own net one time that counted for the other team on a delayed penalty call I mistakenly thought was on our team.
As a referee I can confirm this is in fact a rule. That's why in training they tell you to never to stand in front of the goal.
soccer = football football = american rugby/football
I'm from the UK, and I'm actually borderline offended by that accent.
Not as crazy as the goal scored by the ball boy.
Is there really the need to be so racist throughout this video?
The best way to get yourself killed
How great would soccer be if all the refs were running around trying to score goals against both teams? I might actually watch then.
shabi nation
i'd like to say that ref wouldn't have continued to do it given the extreme circumstance of why he did it, if he really wanted to do it more he probably would have done it that game
u are annoying guys to me.
Totally legal for the ref to score on purpose... Gets suspended for 7 weeks...
Team of referees? = The New England Patriots
I get the impression you pair don't know what sport is. The types of "i forgot my kit again" types.
I dont play soccer... i play football... wtf is soccer?
The refs already have their own team its called Real Madrid
Disliked when i heard soccer
Football
Clickbait?!!!??
The attempted accents are awful and cringy, it’s a goal not a point and there are much more stereotypically ‘English’ place names (in Essex we also have Six Mile Bottom for example)
Yeah, but did Nintendo retweet the Toad?
He said you get a point... I hate americans
Should a referee be called for being offsides?
I can't believe the fact that the ref did get the living daylights beaten out of him
I honestly don’t follow a single professional sport (though I know how all the American ones are played), but this series cracks me up.
Pointkeeper
Ok, the ball is still in play no matter where it hit the ref right? So a ref could literally pick up the ball and run into the goal and it would still be in play.
Wouldn't it be crazy if the ref scored early on in the game and that came down to the winning goal?
ITS NOT SOCCER IT IS FOOTBALL
I’m a soccer ref for kids and I swear on my last game I’m doing this
? this is a sport? look....... unless an internal combustion engine is involved its not a sport. its just adults arguing over a ball..
Ugh Ryan's so cute
It's football not soccer.
A wild pat appears
Was binging through these and heck! It’s a surprise Pat Gill! The coolest floppy-haired socialist gamerboy this side of the Mississippi!
I've lived in Essex my whole life and I've never even heard of these places! Also, I play hockey, which has rules and not laws.
Do any of these video comments have any video footage to prove it ??? Or they just sit and talk and we don't know if any of this is true.... but just only talk. Cuz there's footage of almost every aspect of every sport right ???
Ref team sounds cool, but how about a square field with four goals and four teams... hell throw another ball in there too.
Soccer
0:06 if ya ever wanna see this happen , I recommend looking into james milner’s own goal in the liverpool vs roma game (2018 champions league semi final) ball flew off the poor lad’s head and into his own goal ??
Thank you for satiating my love of weird rules.
I can't focus on the video because the British ref's last name is Savill. I'm too busy imagining the ref as a friend of the Queen and English knight who maintains dual careers as a murderous pedophile and host of several BBC programs.
I wonder how British people feel, watching two Americans talk about their sport of "soccer" while doing fake British accents, lol. It must be like watching two Brits talk about "American rugby" while doing fake Texas and valley girl accents, haha.
Dude in plaid actually does a believable British accent for me. I feel like English can do American wayyyy better than the other way around.
What would the stats look like
Wtf i literally lived in earls colne and had no idea this ever happened. Classic Brian
I'm from Essex....and this is a story we tell all the time on sundays. P.S. No one in Essex talks like that down here haha
Idiot on the right keeps referring to goals as, "points". Stick to what you know.
this british accent/calling a goal a point thing is so damn cringy
These guys look anemic, all that soy doesn't help?
OMG Pat, hiiiiiiiiii
How can you say your sport has credibility a if referee thinks he can do this? Seven weeks wasn't enough.
God, what a pair of Melvins.
If the ref thought he unfairly blocked the initial shot that would have otherwise been a goal, then good on him! Seems fair. Make up goal for the one he prevented by being in the way. But if the shot that hit him wasn't going in, then WTF? I would be more pissed if I was in the losing team! Because the only thing worse than critique is well deserved critique; I imagine that the only thing worse than having a ref give you charity is that it was much needed charity. P
Jokes on him, mike dean already plays against arsenal
These people have no idea what they are talking about
The dude with the long hair sounds like the asian dude from buzzfeed unsolved
I played for an amateur team called Refs United FC. We were all licensed referees, and some of us were even officials in this same amateur league! We were also the most argumentative, dirtiest team in the league!
That's hilarious, I'd love to me meet this guy
These guys no nothing about soccer
The Laws also say referees should act in accordance with the spirit of the game. There’s no way a deliberate action by the referee that alters the score other than a decision concerning the players’ actions is in the spirit of the game.
I’m sorry 18-1 I have a harder time believing the score line rather than what the ref did. I have been playing Sunday league for 10 years and have never seen a score line like this ??
You know someone has no clue about soccer (or has ever talked to anyone who does) when they call goals "points" :/ ew.
If what he did wasn't technically against the rules, how could they suspend him?
Can we get Ryan and Patrick to the gym?
Good video but I believe that the rule could have been interpreted so that the referee's action did not count as a goal. The rule contemplates a "rebound" off the referee, not a voluntary decision by the referee to direct the ball into the goal. Otherwise, there is a patent flaw in the system which could allow referees to decide the result on the field and also require the defending team to defend the referee as well as the opposing players. Didn't they seek legal counsel on this?
What about the time a shot deflected off a beach ball and went in and it counted as a goal
Um polygon?
this is why soccer is such a shitty sport
These guys shouldn’t talk about football again
I instantly clicked off when he said a point
Americans talking about football smh
It was not bounced off of him or brushed off in play. He actively kicked it in, that was not allowed in the rules you showed. "Saville", was he a relation to the sick pedo j saville thay they all gave up after he died, so they could appear to be "good" and avoid having themselves looked at while it also prevented any justice being served?
2:45 terrifically *
Guy on the right kinda looks like Dwight's friend
They're also called 'goals', never 'points'
Who are these soy boys
Jon Bois Jon Bois
why do they sound like Shane and ryan from buzzfeed
WHERE IS BOIS :(
I dont understand, what sport is this?
I haven't checked but you should do a video about Jean Segura stealing first base, when he was on second
Unfortunately Brain has passed away now, but his spirit lingers on in his funny acts such as these
There copying buzzed feed supernatural
42,965th view 956th like 89th comment
The funniest thing about this is if you go DEEPER into the rules, it's basically worded in a way that DRIBBLING the ball is ILLEGAL
All you Americans who don’t knows anything about these two teams, They are both Sunday league teams, It’s anything goes it’s a dangerous place
Unprofessional from the ref, course he should have been suspended. Also it’s a goal not a point and football not soccer.
This dudes comb-over... Presidential!
You guys have good topics, But this format of asking stupid rhetorical questions is terrible.
Nice grout fit dude
If Patrick kicked a ball off Ryan's head and it went in, Ryan would be credited with the goal.
A team of refs would just make themselves win. Foul! Auto goal!
Announcer: "3-3, just a minute added time...- The referee scored! And the winner is- the ref! " Every single game the refs win.
This is an instance where this one goal did not affect the outcome of the match, and thus should have been allowed without consequences for the ref in question. had the match been closer (say, 2-0 or 2-1 at the time of the offending goal) the goal should have been rescinded and the ref suspended
This is not Jon bois
When garbage ball gets so bad they just tell the ref to lend a hand to the losers ??????
for the love of god, they are not funny.
I'm Intentionally asking for John Bois... John, where you at?
Bring back Ufford, Bois and GIF guy!!
So you are doing videos about amateurs matchs?
PAT!
A ball boy can score a goal too. Happened a few times I think and the goal by rule has to count
This channel is Pretty Good, but there is someone even better
Bois or unsub
The B in SB Nation is Bois
calling a goal a point, makes me cringe
Uhhhh... Ten pounds to Essex FA?
Oh did Polygon put Pat on waivers or was there a trade?
is this what happens when Vox fires all the unionizers? Polygon has to help SB nations make videos?
This kinda reminded me about a thing that happened in 1930 World Championship. In semifinals Uruguay vs Yugoslavia a police officer that stood behind Yugoslavian goal just stopped the ball that was shot by Uruguayan player and kicked it in the goal. Brazilian ref had to allow it because the home crowd was armed(they celebrated the goal by shooting in the air) to the teeth and really keen on Uruguay going to the finals.
AHH IT'S PAT!!!
“Fifa are doing pretty good,” I wouldn’t exactly agree with that statement.
Jon Bois or Riot
ayyy I live near Wimpole
RefC would be an unstoppable force
Whitest guys on earth???
why is patrick gill, a good video game boy, on sbnation
The world needs more "Weird Rules". Keep 'em coming!
I see Pat has been caught by SB Nation after being released by Polygon for his performance in the Winter Video Games.
There's also this: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Barbados_4%E2%80%932_Grenada_(1994_Caribbean_Cup_qualification)
Pointball is fun gamesport.
2:44 "I know FIFA's doing great . . ." Nope, couldn't get that one out with a straight face.
They’re called laws everywhere
Sounds like something that'd happen at a regular Sunday League game
For those of you non soccer fans...the craziest thing about this story is the 20-2 score.... that's like a 102-10 NFL score... But another good video, this is an interesting series
Love these videos but, it’s not a point it’s a goal
Obligatory Pretty Good joke
Soccer could take over as the US most popular sport?
This is a weird video for Polygon but ok
This is hilarious.
Brilliant
Second
Why’d you reupload this