Wouldn’t that be mercy rule?
In head soccer you can only score 20 or 30 goals or higher like ????2-24????
On this site, a list of the highest football score https://sequanodionysien.jimdofree.com Feel free to share this site
Although was it an official FIFA game? As in registered under FIFA? Or was it just any random tournament?
I have no Idea what you said
JON BOIS!!!! JON BOIS!!!
Football*
Nice shirt
I don't know, one of these days, someone is going to break that record by one goal, not as a form of protest, just because they can hold the record
Wait soccer not ending in 1-0??!?!? Oh my.
By soccer you meant the real football right ?
Haahaha
149-0 When you play FIFA with your younger sibling
Its called football America
“FOOTBALL” game
Football, not soccer
Football
Football * :^)
I did not understand
Oh yeah yeah
they should have scored 153 since 36 (prev. record)+117 years = 153
When you play fifa on amateur mode
149th comment??
Who is jon bois why everyone here is talking about him
FOOTBALL
7-1
it's "de facto," not "de factor."
The 149 - 0 should not have been counted
Only south Canadians call football soccer.
Props for not backing down on saying names of our people.
Here is a tip for Americans. ?? It's called Football. Is that so difficult to remember? What you call Football is actually a variation of Rugby
BOI.............s
I want to see the games now.
I think I know one goalie who got more than benched
I love how their props are always in this weird gray area of quality and never totally shitty or highly professional looking.
Did any Adema players touch the ball? There was an Australian rules football match where a team won 400-0.
My record is 4 home runs in one
Australian Rules Football has been played since at least 1858. In 2007 the biggest winning margin was recorded. 119 points separated the winning Geelong Cats from Po Port Adelaide
You can just say in 2002.....
The only goals to ever be scored in soccer
imagine the pay out for a person that bet that team to lose by over 100 goals
Imagine that goalies stats now lol
The first 19 top comments all have to with Jon Bois. Seriously, I love him, but do you sub just for him?
Pretty good video. I'm sorry I read the comments. None pertain to the video.
What was that banana pun
My football team won a game 34-0 to s team who have -160 goal difference and came bottom of the league for 4 years in a row
The highest scorning game in soccer was 3-3
Say point one more time and There’ll be issues
1:43 Lol literally me when I first started playing fifa??
poor goalie
Hey, I want some likes! Uh...Jon Bois?
What happened to Jessica?
Changing the host is the best thing you ever did.
Soe
Lol, soccer sucks. International soccer really sucks.
It's not a "soccer game", it's a "football match". Soccer match is also acceptable.
Where is the boi
Jon Bois fanboys at it again lol, they just won't go away
I want "pretty good" so bad :(
SB Nation subscribers: 90%-because of Jon Bois 10%-because of Other Content
Could have been 150 to 1.
Me in FIFA 17
Lets not be too hasty here. I only subscribe for Jon Bois too, however this guy did a good job and I wouldn't mind other content by him.
The fact they didn’t cancel the game is already a waste of time and money for the fans and stadium. Why play it when the champion had already been decided?
Should do one about the hit by pitch record.
More than half of these comments mention Jon bois or pretty good, neither of which are in this video.
This should have been done by Jon :/
The rest of the world calls it football why can’t you do the same
Can't wait for the Jon Bois version of this.
I'm new here, so I must ask: Who the eff is Jon Bois and why won't people in the comments shut up about him?
RIP MATT. Goodbye Uffsides :(.
Jon Bois??
so is this a football only channel
I digg the animation for the match.Looks cute. Good show
Jon Bois
We'll miss you matt
Nice Sub Pop shirt. SEATTLE REPRESENT
90% of the subscribers here are just waiting for Jon bois
I love these unbreakable record videos! They’re crazy lol
14,115th view 479th view 72nd comment
#FREEJON
This is Pretty good trash
They were only down by 4 points, could've rallied and actually won it if they really tried, but instead they had to pull this stunt. Shameful.
I almost feel bad for everyone not named Jon Bois on SB nation. They make good content but so many people are just here for Bois.
SB Nation YouTube page: Hey guys we've decided to give you all $100 for being a subscriber Y'all: where jon at tho
RIP MATT WE LOVE YOU
So this was like Cumberland-Georgia Tech, but in the exact opposite way, if that makes sense.
You people who constantly complain on every video that doesn't have Jon in it are pathetic
Jon bois
Jon Bois should probably just continue his personal youtube channel. Just sayin'
Where's Jon Bois?
why did y'all lay off matt ufford
This should have been a Pretty Good episode.
Ufford got canned and Jon Bois is nowhere to be seen? I'm not gonna say SB Nation's other content is bad but I'm starting to wonder what I subbed for
Such a shame Matt Ufford is gone. One of SBNation's best contributors. Hope he gets a deal elsewhere, he deserves it.
Every comment is about where’s Jon Bois? Why can’t you guys please us? Can’t you realize that he is a god among men?
If it’s Not Jon Bois doing this you don’t get my like
Jon Bois?
Should’ve been Jon Bois
Pretty good...
Everybody's screaming for Jon and I can really understand. Jon Bois = GOAT
Hey, Vox/SB Nation. Way to upload this after Ufford got canned. Real cool move.
I only follow this channel for John
This was a perfect video for Jon Bois :(
Soccer is boring and for douchebags
Needs more Jon Bois.
This should have been used in a pretty good by Jon Bois.
We loved you Matt ?? good luck in your years to come
Honestly, I think Arbroath's 36-0 win over Bon Accord or Australia's 31-0 win against American Samoa are more deserving of a "Pretty Good", I find the earlier to be a more interesting story and the latter to be more historically significant to international soccer. Y'all can have this.
Where is Jon
Thats not pretty good. Where is Jon Bois?
Way to ruin a perfectly good Jon Bois story.
#FREEJONBOIS
The USA losing in soccer, what's New? ??????
:'( miss you Ufford
this would be a good idea for a pretty good video
This would be better with Jon Bois.
Can we get more Beef History
It's decent but not pretty good
This is not pretty good
Stop stealing Jon's material
This topic should have been saved for Jon. This stinks
Why wasn't this a pretty good episode, the topic is the same.
Jon Bois or bust!
I thought Ufford was laid off? He is my favorite SB Nation contributor, after Jon Bois of course.
I hope this video doesn't get laid off
This is the same thing as that pretty good was about. You guys are just recycling old content.
This was good, but not pretty good
Where's Jon Bois?
Where is Jon Bois
If you remake the 222-0 I’ll be salty
First