Part 2 pls??
Need some more "yah you knows" in the post game interview
Where are the colored laces and mismatched socks
That visor is actually sick
Should have used Batman tape
This is like the buzzfeed of sports im loving these series
That was actually amazing. I'm dying. xD
This video is gold
-5 HAHAHAHHAHA
69 nice
this is it chief
"Were gonna dress up like a tool" Proceeds to use all of Jesse's equipment.
“you look like a fucking create-a-player!”
boys we need more of this holy god
The outer shell on those helmets so thin u can crack it with a punch, thought i was sick wearing the same matte black one cracked in the first fucking week of owning the shit they call easton lol
“Where you play? Junior D-bag?” Best line ever
All these hockey players fucking suck, terrible
This video is probably the greatest one yet. Keep em coming!! Hockey chirps are iconic and we want more
He can’t even do an interview... where’s the sniffling and not enough uhh’s smh
What the hell u wearing bird cages for
What the hell u wearing bird cages for
He didn’t tuck the jersey in on all the sides :(
🤣🤣🤣 loved it
Do the same, but with a goalie. Ya need the old school brown pads and a Hasek mas to start
The more you try to make someone look like a hockey douche bag, the more they look like Ovechkin.
I've scene all of the bardown vids now and I love it. Keep em coming guys
I dont know if it was on purpose but when someone chirps saying "whaaa?" A few times seems to piss them off
This is quality YouTube content right here. The amount of effort is astounding! You earned a sub my friend
Episode 2?
The fact that you Americans talk like this on the ice is fucking hilarious
Keep these videos coming 😂
I love the helmet so much. I actually have a helmet that’s bright orange.
First video I've seen but I like it. Liked and subbed
Omg I just had a hockey tournament at Canlan ice rink
Luca was looking at Auston Matthews on his computer. Lol
The supreme sticker is a tremendous addition
you should've taped his stick with clear tape
This was beautiful. Thanks TSN
Dude, keep this series, i telling you, this was funny as shit
The hoodie Erin is wearing from my high school hockey team I didn’t now he when to my school
Corwin looks like jacksepticeye
6:04 #8 was so mad lol
BarDown... more of this. This is far better than those awful skits.
Everything on BarDown would be good if they had people who were actually funny.  None of these guys are funny.
this is so funny
I died when they got out the supreme sticker
God damn hockey players are arseholes you’d never see that sort of talk in a rugby match
Where are the leather gloves and pink tape
Supreme sticker lol.
Plot twist: It’s the only gear he owns
Hahaha " he knew what he did. Check the tape".
This was amazing 😂
Nice
Wood stick lol
Where is the wooden stick?
Please make more of these, you guys are the only reason I subscribe to this channel
Omg YES!!! more Corwin plz
This is an awesome series, seriously excited to see so much more of this!!!
God I love the Bardown team
Those chirps sounded staged
FISHBOWL?
they look like the Dallas cowboys if they were a hockey team.
This is what people will watch for their history of the internet class in 3018
Even the refs are chirping
Does this mean you guys will finally get your own YouTube channel?
"ASHL dads are chirping?

They wear stickers on their helmets for participation trophys."
Aluminum stick
You NEED your own channel
”I borrowed his shot too”
"stay still I'm trying to check my hair" 😂
The tinted visor in the thumbnail is sexy! Imagine a fully tinted fishbowl oh myyyy
I kinda like the blades lol
6:08
i wanna see jess wear all that stuff that would be so funny because he would have the best responses to the chirps
The white skates are pretty brutal, but finding white skates with T Blades couldn't have worked out better for making him look like a tool.
I like the gloves. I actually wear all white Warrior ax1 gloves myself.
fantastic
Wait, the chain wasn't part of the tool getup?
Buncha benders....this aint pranking
0:51 same, Grady. Same
Next time, get the oldest gear you can find, get someone to wear that
This pales in comparison to what the usual roller hockey player wears lol
Id volunteer to wear that religiously
Do a goalie version where he wears one of those marvel mask, black pads and a colored cage
"Buddy you play way too much CHEL" I'm dead.
This is Canadian as fuck.
the refs are chirping him 😂
Canlan York is a garbage rink
Have him play a full game opposite handed
This is content
Just missing the yellow laces
NOW THE INSTAGRAM VIDEO MAKES SENSE
Right on boys, quality content
The mighty dicks
My names grady
Should have went Red Helmet with the Visor
"actually it was my second" lmao I LIVE for you guys
I can’t wait!
When making eric look like a tool is just giving him all of Jesse's stuff
I lost it when they interviewed him.
I don't see a problem!!! When I skate out(growing up I was keeping net!) I wear Mike bossy's jofa w 1/2 shield!!!(I love it cause I get chirped for having Gretzky gear!!!) And when I suit up tender I have a blue "IRBE" lid and since I'm decent in goal guy's aren't old enough to remember the " Irbe, Healy, Rhudey,  and let's not forget Sauve!" so I get alot of "Hasek" chirps!!! I'm an eBay gear nerd(to an extent, I see guys actually using 70's masks with the small eyeholes rather than the cage?!? I mean talk about sacrificing functionality for fashion at practice for 20-30 minutes, but Pretty selfish if you're costing your team cause you think something looks cool!?!) Really, I've seen this!!!
Luca looking at Auston's photoshoot at the beginning lol
So glad I subbed!!! The past 2 vids have been phenom!!!! #phenom!!!!
Turns out Jesse already dressed as a tool naturally
Do a TSN Chell tournament
0:31
My team got slapped on this rink
Chief, this is it
Try and find the skates with the heated blades
this is awesome, let me design you guys some jerseys. Im a free lance graphic designer. my insta is @ApolloHockeyApparel
The chirps were worth it alone
Definitely more of this kind of video
Wear gear from the 70s and grow a matching tache.
Man how can I apply for your guys job.  Looks like you guys just get to have fun while talking about hockey
I’ve been waiting for this since seeing the IG posts. Haha He looks like robocop with that visor
You did this man fuckin dirty ! I love it! Good job boys
I wonder what gritty would do if he saw him wearing that stuff
This video was amazing! It’s awesome to see the personality of TSN!
I would love more videos with these guys
It's been a fat minute since I've laughed this hard. Thank you, Bar Down. Please keep it up
Hilarious, best interview at the end to top it off.
I want to buy that bucket
love TSN and this crew, thank you guys for the laughs and great videos
I love vancouver
"Was it your first goal?" "No it was my second, first was when I scored with your mother."
Low key looks like callaros
Next make Jesse wear the oldest equipment you can find #gojetsgo #tsn
Love it. More of this please
Never forget that Jesse wore a Solar Bears uniform...
link to the ref video? I forget what it's called
Lmao did they tell the refs and other team to chirp him
This is fantastic
chief this is it.
This is it chief
I wanna see more of Jesse corwin and Luca playing
NO WAYYY!! I just played a high school tournament at Canlan today!!
Gotta get the JOFA lid next time
So long story short... Jessie is the dutiest hockey player ever?....
Hilarious chirps, can't wait to see more!
F copy rights. Bring back grease'd Laine # leaf fan. No big deal
I just witnessed Eric getting bullied for half a video 😂
oh my god this is FANTASTIC
The fact that the other team got pissed off angered me.
FISHBOWL!?!?! FISHBOWL!?!?!?! YOU GOTTA CHIRP THE DUSTY THING FOR WHAT IT IS!- instant classic.
Can we talk about how Corwin looks exactly like Josh Morrisey from the winnipeg jets
As an American I was super confused and entertained by this
if you need an extra defenseman 6'5" 215 hits like a motherfucker and quick with an awesome wrist shot and good slapshot with decent vision when I'm not having a seizure hmu
"just get ccm 552 tacks
or old ccm gloves"
Great video! You guys should make a seperate channel, I love this content and the quizzes but don't want to get spammed with all the other tsn videos in my feed
Was missing the yellow laces my dood lol
"Meeered visor"
I called Chief. He said this is it.
Sports goggles and 2 piece stick next
Everything about this is hilarious. The create a player chirp is gold
Was prayin to see some cooperalls
This channel is fucking amazing.
Lke button SMASHED
do more.  honestly so happy this is a thing
Honestly this was hilarious till I heard Vic Mensa 😂
Chief just called. He said this was it
Yes we need more
This right here.  There is no better quality content on the web! Keep it up boys! LETS GOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO!
need more thanks!
3:07 Jesse made me so uncomfortable
lol you look like a "create a player"
Please do more of this
Can you go pro Jesse
This is the quality content I subscribed for
"This is the other side of tsn...






The good side"
"You look like a fucking create a player" was the best chirp by far.
Do Canadians really hate Ovi that much
I live so close to that CANLAN ice sports arena!!! Invite me!!!
LOVE IT! MOARRRRRRRRR.
"Where'd you play? Junior D Bag?" fucking killed holy shit
😂😂bravo boys
U guys are brutal for working at TSN in canada...
this was funny, I enjoyed this(:
You should do player profiles for individual players on the team and break down their playing style
Why didn't you just let Jesse wear his equipment
-5 🙌👏🙌👏
"Junior D-Bag"
dont gotta dress like a tool that roman numeral tat does it for ya
Why do kids with cages always have to talk the most shit?
Junior D-Bag is a solid burn
Just talked to chief, he said this is it.
Let's GOOOOO
“My first goal was in Peewee” killed me
Please have Eric participate in the quizzes pppppllleeeeaaassseeeee
Of course Jesse sits with his legs crossed
Man I wish I could play. At least I skate better than Jesse.
AMAZING! I love it
I like how they make Eric look like a tool, but they do it by just giving him all of Jesse's stuff. XD
Beaut of an epi boys, keep em up
Jesse loves everything they tried to punish Erik with lol
Now this is great content
My teacher’s brother runs the ASHL
Do this more but make Jesse do it
yes!!
More of this. This is it.
🍞🍞👀👀
Sub to me
Big gay
