I'll never tire of watching Vegas get stomped 😂 Vegas you suck. Lol
ace
I can't forget this moment, it was a great day. Thanks Capitals
I take back everything I've said about Braden Holtby after this Cup win. I said hes a Regular Season goalie and he couldn't make the saves when it counts. Now after this I realize I was wrong.
Getting drunk in public since their win, but since they're not a mostly black NBA or NFL team, no public outcry. I do, however, respect that they didn't go to.play kissy-face with Trump's dumb ass.
Brooks Orpik keeping the puck in at the line and then blasting that sick nasty pass through two pairs of Vegas players to get it up to DSP for the game tying goal of 3-3.... gorgeous. complete veteran awareness on that, the younger guys wouldnt have the poise to make that play.
I'm just here revisiting the moment that the Golden Knights' magic finally ran out. I really thought they were going to go all the way.
The music has got to go lmao
Is it me or did Hughson sound tired in this game?
5:18 When you finally beat that boss level...
luck and a hot goalie formula finally failed. Vegas gotta wait and suffer like every other team
If this ever gets old...bury me!
"What the hell is it
Boooooooooooring sport"
The tears (and booze) flowed liberally in Washington, D.C. that night. It was...beautiful.
My caps yes
THE WASHINGTON CAPITALS ARE THE 2018 #STANLEYCUP CHAMPIONS! #ALLCAPS
What a snipe by Smith
never gets old ovi lifting the cup.
its been a month, Im still crying every time I watch this.
Ovechkin is friggin huge, man. No wonder he is hardly knocked off the puck.
Listen to the crowd when the Caps score. There were so many fans in red
Sheer will and talent defeat rigged outcome from Bettman and cronies. One of sports greatest moments.
I feel Vegas will win....
I'm happy for Ovechkin, Backstrom,  and Holtby because they definitely deserve this. Also Trotz did an amazing coaching job. Still though, I would just like to point out that the officiating was incredibly inconsistent at best, and I still have no idea how the ref's missed the two incredibly obvious trips that happened in the final 30 seconds, that should have given Vegas at least one power play.
Eller for the Win
ovi yeti?
Will Vegas maintain this level or play or will they crash hard next year...
This was our year but whatever ovi won a cup
Made this tribute for Ovi! peep it https://youtu.be/25Y15II9isg
"One could say the Caps... had this season on Lock.. 

HEH"
Alexander Ovechkin without Olympic gold, but with Stanley Cup, God does not give all at once.
Pekka Rinne is too good right now
"I'm going to wait until next year's pre-season games before offering any congrats.
It's the Caps.  They might still choke..."
They deserved it, good year for Knights tho
GLAD THE CAPS WON BUT OVECHKIN IS GOING TO BE GETTING ALOT OF ASS ACTIVITY SOON BECAUSE TRUMPFUCK IS GOING TO BE KISSING HIS PUTIN LOVING ASS!!!
"The Knights did great in their First Year
\[T]/
#PraisetheSun"
Congrats to the Capitals! 👍🏻 🥅🏒.
NR. 8  Capitals and Stanley Cup (deserved)
Wow Fleury was awesome playing this night, even if my Caps won!!! But have to give credit to the resilient Golden Knights who never quitted. ALL CAPS!!!!!!!
Smith-Pelly's goal was one of the all-time greatest goals ever
1:50 they're not going to show the other angle of one of the most beautiful saucer passes I've ever seen?
the memes are dead, people
I really wanted Vegas to win but congrats to the capitals. I understand it is a big thing for Ovechkin to raise the cup, he finally got it.
My reaction to watching this https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=62f4GcpYMIw
The golden knights had a great preshow for a loss.
Whoop Whoop
I could tell that they stood out from the pile since November and I don't even follow NHL regularly, well done Caps!
to everyone that said the caps would blow a 3-1 lead, how do you like the 4-1 outcome to win the cup and beat the media hyped bandwagon favorited unbeatable Vegas team
Thank you Caps. Thank you a thousand times! Been waiting a lifetime for this!!!! DSP, Holts, Kuzy, TJ, Nicky, Ovi, Lars, Beags, all of you, true heroes!!!!!
I think Sbisa is literally the worst hockey player in history
As a canucks fan let me tell you Washington fans be grateful ovi got to lift the cup it's a shame the sedins couldn't get it done in Vancouver
Ok, you got your cup, now go back to the exciting all scoring machine you started off as.
Thank you Sbisa, job well done . I'm so glad Vegas pick you up.....Bhahahaha
Flames fan! But have been rooting for Ovi for years! Great captain, loves his team, holtby too many great saves! They deserve it!
The fakest number 1 seed of the nhl is the Los Vegas Golden Knights lmfao 😂 😂 😂 😂
Happy for Ovechkin, he was always so close. Now this won't torment him
Rock the Red
I'm happy for Trots
The way Smith-pelly stopped the puck with his skate is sick thats the reason he scored
Like him or not Ovie deserves to win. No one in the NHL deserved it more than the guy who dominated in goal scoring since entering the league.
Vegas has never won a Stanley Cup. Was rooting for them to end that curse. Oh well.
NHL world most boring sport
Good for him.  Finally a cup
The hometown (Washington) Capitals (2018 Stanley Cup winners) will be going to the WH only if star (Conn Smythe winner) Ovechkin goes. Ovechkin happens to be RUSSIAN too- which is a plus as far as Trump is concerned.  Maybe a back channel to Russian "heavyweights" can be set up lol  Never miss an opportunity to network and get some kickbacks.  Trump is starting to become somewhat of a "pinko" despite being orange with white half-moons under his eyes.
Turn of the lights maybe next year
I have no animosity towards Washington sports and for some unknown reason I've always wanted every Washington team in ever major sport to lose.. But Ovechkin deserved this. Props to him
Caps just showed the Jets how to pump TWENTY goals by Fleury in FIVE games! Hockey nerd Scheiffle will have been taking notes. Jets should have beat Vegas, but Caps would have been tough to handle in the final.
Way to go caps I live in Arlington Virginia watched the whole series  go caps go what a win
Ugh, Eller, Smith-Pelly, Jerabek, two of them figured largely in the caps success in the playoffs, one of them a cup winning goal.  Oh, boy does that ever look bad on Bergevin.  It looks really bad.
What a beauty of an equalizer by Smith-Pelly!!
People give ovechkin lot of credit but don't forget Kuznetsov, backstrom, tom Wilson , eller, Smith - Kelly , Holtby, all had an impact .
All thought they lost Vegas is still the best expansion team of all time. There fans should be proud they made it here. Good job caps
Will we ever get this close for an entry team to win the first season ever again, no.
It is sad to watch amazing players play their whole nhl career and never get to hold the cup. Ovechkin finally got to hold the cup over his head. I can only imagine how good it feels.
Okay game 6 is an absolute must win for the Knights.
Great 8!!!!
Luca Sbisa should get his name on the cup. Maybe not engraved like the rest. What's the opposite, embossed?
"Jets fan since '82. Obviously I wanted the Jets to take the cup, however I could not be happier that Ovi and the Capitals got it. I've been cheering for the Caps for years now (When the Jets were not even a team or when they were not making the playoffs) and I almost welled up seeing Ovi hold the cup. 

Never has an NHL player deserved a cup more than him."
"Well done, CAPS!

FREE artist:  foreal pat"
"Александр поздравляю! Заслужил братан.
Пора Динамо поднимать и Олимпиаду брать."
Oilers fan here.So Happy for the Caps and OV. Been a fan since his first season in the NHL. Congrats on taking that monkey off their backs. They were due.
Looked like a great game.
Can't wait to read the article about how Ovi didn't backcheck enough. #oldboysclub
Los Vagas should have won because Washington sucks
"Sickest shirt ever man
https://teespring.com/capswin#pid=2&cid=568&sid=front"
Well, despite the loss, for an expansion team the Golden Nights had one HELL of a first season.
VeGaS iN fOuR
Cup in Washington. Better than Vegas but still a disgrace to Lord Stanley's name
im kinda sad that the knights didint get the cup, but the caps deserve the cup more than we, they gone 45 years with no cup, while the knights are there for 1 season, the caps deserve it more than we, go knights go
Ovie finally, congrats..
Probably the best playoffs ever in sports.
Still sinking in -- surreal that the Caps won the cup.  So awesome.  The DSP game tying goal was amazing.
One of the worst scf, refs rigged for caps, the only good thing is that ovi got a cup
ON TRENDING!
Ovi finally won it. Here I was thinking he had to be traded to win the cup and proved me wrong. Congrats Ovi and congrats to the Capitals and their fans.
VEGAS IN 4
All the bets that people lost lol
Good job Caps from a Knights fan
Where's the chick with her tits out lmaoo
Congratulations Caps. Bad luck Golden Knights. #VegasStrong
Penguin fans saying caps fans are dicks for saying “they will never get to the Stanley cup”....you guys said that to caps fans and karma stinks.
Boo
"Reaves: ""What are you gonna do??? 😆""

Well for starters, win the Stanley Cup while you sing Minnie the Moocher on the bench"
Always wanted Ovi to get one
На самом интересном видео закончилось...
Dammit!
Nice to see Danish Lars Eller score the deciding 4-3 goal to win the Stanley Cup!
They deserve it they wanted it more than anyone and they were prepared
Some Capitals fans have literally been waiting for this moment since the team was created. What has it been, 44, 45 years? That's half a life time. There are 40 or 50 year old men and women who've been watching the team since they were kids who've never seen them succeed. I just can't help but imagine what this means to the Capitals fans. It's not quite the Cubs, but it's been a long time coming and all the memes, curses, all the stipulations are dead. They deserved this one.
Поздравляю, Вашингтон!
Diehard Penguins fan here - FULL marks to this team. They've been through so many playoff disappointments, and this year they earned the Stanley Cup. Congratulations, Capitals & fans.
That elation shown from Ovechkin and the Capitals and Niskanen and all those guys who seemed cursed. Backstrom, Holtby, Carlson. My god that was amazing to watch the joy. You finally did it, Washington. You guy's finally broke the curse and I'm so god damn happy for you. I have some sadness for seeing Fleury come up just short of 3 cups in a row and seeing a story book end to Vegas' ride but Washington deserved it and they played like the team who earned it. So awesome, congratulations Washington fans.
Capitals freakin suck, they just got lucky. Pens are best
Alexander Ovechkin is finally LEGIT!!!!!!! I'm so happy for him!!!
"Russian hockey player Ovechkin frontman of the Hyper-Patriotic movement ""Putin team"" won for ""Washington"" the first Stanley Cup and is happy about this fact together with the whole America...
And the patriots of ""Putin team"" are also happy with America???"
Yes they won
Probably one of the best playoff game I have ever seen.
Congrats to the caps! Ovi deserves it!
Fleury is too hot right now. LMAO
Smith-Pelly, Eller Why Bergevin why?😔
Knights keep your heads up high boys you guys had a great 1st year in the NHL season you boys will be  world champions soon im so proud to be a Knights fan ❤
The cup is always won o  the road these days
Ovechkin is "Daaaaaaaaa!!!!" 😀
Not a Cpas fan but its great seeing Ovi win the cup
Clock stops working last minute of play, a chick flashing tits during the cup ceremony on live TV... what an awesome day!!!
They will probably choke in the second round again next I really wanted Vegas to win they ran out of gas when they played Washington I feel sorry for vegas
161 fans of Cirque du Soleil
Finally ovi you got it. You and caps deserved to win!
Ovi is a big supporter of dictator Putin by the way.. just want you to know about that fact
"THANK YOU CAPS....SO SICK AND TIRED OF THESE ANNOYING ELVIS ES IN THE BUILDING PRETENDING THEY CARE ABOUT HOCKEY...SO SICK AND TIRED OF THE VEGAS PRE GAME  BS CRAP..

GOLDEN SHOWERS SUCK"
Пытаешься найти русские комменты? Да ладно)))) Признай - Овечкин молодец
Congratulations Capitals on winning the Cup.  Congratulations Golden Knights for an outstanding season.
awesome for Ovi to finally win, but he's got Holtby and the rest of the team to thank for that. About time Caps.
I followed the whole season for the first time in my life and it was awesome! Next year I hope the Kings take it!
Welcome to being real nhl fans now Vegas. Maybe you'll get to another cup final in the next 20 years like the rest of us.
☺в следующем сезоне команда будет называться - "Нашингтон" т.к. будет ещё и Русский вратарь☺
Wanted Vegas to win in 7 but congrats to the Capitals well deserved
they'd never would have beat the jets
Good for them! Well deserved. And kudos to the Golden Knights too. Two great teams. Happy for Ovie.
You showed everything except that chick flashing the Caps at the end.  Kind of disappointed in you.
First y'all told me the Pens were gonna beat them, then y'all said the lightning were gonna KILL the caps in 4 or 5 lol, and lastly the Knights were too fast and strong and would smack em around in 6.
Well deserved congratulations Ov and the Caps
This isn't the first time Vegas got shot up.
congrats to ovi but the Knights are the first NHL team to win a stanley cup final in their inaugural season
Congrazte Capitals :D
#ALLCAPS -Stanley Cup Champs nuff said :-)
He finally won Alex O finally did it
Ovie look like an Babarian, what a beast
1:20 djoos was definitely interfered with. How did refs miss that, puck squirts out of Fleury's pads and djoos gets tackled
Ovechkin deserves Stanley Cup like Ray Bouruqe did
Pens fan.  I wanted so much for Caps to lose but Ovi deserves every award he has.  I'm now glad for him.  The caps had the fire the pens had 2 years ago.  I didn't think the Pens would get past the caps in 2nd round.  Congrats Washington.  Enjoy.
Fleury did enough on this night, Neal and many of his team mates had carte blanche with the zebras down 3 games to one, Rocket Richard entered the body of Smith-Pelly and in 1972 we became aware that Russians could play hockey...in a Big way.
Finally <3
Ove broke the curse.
Fleury is just to good right now
🔆🇨🇭🇦🇲🇵🇮🇴🇳🇸🔆
Ovie deserved one, the Knights fans deserve to suffer like the rest of us. Welcome to the NHL, Vegas
Ovechkin is the best hockey player in the world ...
Vegas SILVER Knights
They will say Russians hacked NHL
Now the Blues need to win the cup next.
DAMMIT
Congrats Caps that was some great hockey to watch.  What a team, their individual puck-handling ability and passing plays were so crisp throughout the series, completely handcuffed Vegas.
Man show a little bit of the skate around with the cup!! Wtf
So sad
Some bad calls in this game.
Won't be any footage of them doing the cup parade because of the lady in the white dress was tits out as they went by...vegas
You gotta respect Lars Eller he was really good in the playoffs. When Backstrom was injured he we're an amazing backup. And he got the season winning goal for Washington!
2018 is tough. First the eagles, now the capitals took away championshipless memes.
Let's be honest, after all this time Ovi deserved a cup
So pumped, long time fan, 44 years is long enough! Glad it happened in the ovi era!
Браво шурик
"I think if Vegas had some more over-the-top theatrical performances before the game and maybe another Lil John performance complete with Travis Barker beating his little drum, then maybe Vegas could have won more than 1 game in the finals. 

C-A-P-S CAPS! CAPS! CAPS!"
Мечты сбываются не только в Гаспроме!!!!!!!!!!!
Поздравления столичным и НАШИМ ПАРНЯМ!!!!
"Smith-Pelly's goal 😲
That guy sure gave it his all during the playoffs."
The referees lost againt washington
Knights in 9... wait a minute... All jokes aside tho congrats to Ovi and the caps on their first cup! They deserved it!🏆🏆
Caps flopping around like LeBron last night.
just to easy to blame Sbisa for all, the capitals were just the better team.
They really earned this Cup with how they played through each round. And I say this as a Rangers fan.
Man, Ovi lifting up that cup seemed like a movie
Was Fleury not at least given an award? He played really well, while the finals wasn't the best for him he still made many great saves and games before that he barley let any in most of the time lol
"Washingtons first Stanely cup? wow...I thought they had one way back in time lol.

turned out I was terribly wrong there"
Alex ovechkin, Washington capitals, Stanley Cup champion, never thought I'd see the day when those words come together, I'm far from a caps fan and I never will be, never been a fan of ovi either but it just looked like every fibre in his being took a massive sigh of relief, congrats ovi! You finally did it! 👍👍👍
Notice how the Vegas fans didn't even stay to congratulate the team that “did so much” for the city. It emptied out right after the clock ran out. That's real hockey support right there
2:23 bullshit goal
russian hacking
I doesnt follow NHL but I reallu hopea that vegas had won couse first season in NHL AMD stanley cup but atleas ovi got his first stanley cup
Sens fan but I always had a deep respect for Ovechkin. I was very happy for him because he deserved one.
Capitals deserved that piece of honor known as the Stanley Cup, they also needed it.
About time guys, this squad was too good to not get at least one.
Congratulations Caps goosebumps
This gives me chills
Pittsburgh remembers when Fleury had Swiss cheese gloves
For the first time in for ever
I'd like to personally extend my congratulations to the Golden Knights for winning the "we-didn't-care-about-winning-because-no-one-even-expected-us-to-be-here" award. We've heard it all year from you guys and now we'll enjoy it too because no one remembers the losers.
"Vegas lost 😂😂 ah hahahaha
What just happened didn't stay in Vegas"
My opinion is that ovechkin didn't deserve the Stanley cup.... his shot is the only thing that keeps him in NHL
"That's cool!!!
Heartfelt happig Washington From Germany! 
Ohne and Co deserve that! 🍾🍾🍾🍾🍾🎆🎆🎆🎆🎆🏒🏒🏒🏒🏒🏆🏆🏆🏆🏆💕💕💕💕💕"
ovi deserves to win the cup...what a great thing Vegas lost...
Санёк наконец-таки взял свой заветный кубок !
Putin and Ovi are best friends. Tough russian guy
😢
Let's goo dc
Congrats Ovi and the Caps from a Flyers fan I am so glad u guys finally exorcised all ur demons lucky 13 for u Ovi I know exactly how u guys and ur fans feel as I felt the exact same way when my Eagles finally won back in February
Ovi is going to take the cup to Russia and we'll never see it again
Three teams have won their first championship between 2017 and now: Houston Astros win 1st World Series, Philadelphia Eagles win 1st Super Bowl, and now Washington Caps win 1st Stanley Cup.
So HONESTLY, where does Ovechkin rank in regards to greatest all-time, or top whatever?
You suck  capitals
I love Ovi, I'm so thrilled he got the cup
Ovi deserved it👏
I hope Ovi realizes he's not in Russia and can get that tooth fixed
I just think Marc-Andre Fleury is too good right now
Hey Karl Alzner... must suck for you! Ohhh wait.. If you were still playing for the caps.. They probably would've lost the series. Congrats caps.. well deserved!
Sbisa! Ahhahahaa!
Finally!  This means so much to the long-suffering fans of DC teams!
Well deserved. Congrats 2 Ovi and WSH!
In a caps fan myself. And im.so happy they finally won! But people seem to forget about backstrom. Without him this wouldve never happened.
WOO NO MORE ANNOYING PENS OR FLYERS FANS SAYING WE DON'T HAVE A CUP
Watching the final minute and they keep panning to Ovi. You can see how much he needs it. Any when he finally lifts the Cup, you can see the years of heartbreak and disappointment fall off of him and he's in a state of pure joy, elation.
Congrats to Ovi and Caps from Habs fan.
I sleeped first 9minutes of match lol
Let's Go Caps!
im a vegas fan, but im still happy for OVI
FINALLY Alex wins one!! Congratulations Washington! !
Sasha and Zhenya,deserve this cup
I was on knights side but seeing ovi with the cup changed my mind. GG
Honestly I can't be happier for Ovi. Well deserved and long overdue
Wow fleury you did so good all season then showed us why Pittsburgh didn't protect you
I've been following the CAPITALS 😉 since I was a little girl back in Maryland at Landover Stadium when it still stood (I'm 46 btw). All I have to say is, CONGRATULATIONS!!!!  IT'S ABOUT DANG TIME!!!! GO CAPS!!!! 😂👍👏
Ovechkin for president :)
The crowd is not moving.... lmao
Grats Ovechkin....  all time great who deserves a Cup...  now everyone see,,again ,, that winning a Cup is not easy... Capitals won many Presidents Cups without a championship... again...congrats CAPITALS... Vegas run ou of gas from playing hard since game 1 of the NHL season. Period.
So happy for them they finally did it and the best part ks almost no one on that rosterever had a cup
Not gonna lie I cracked up when ovi lifted the cup
suck on that vegas.  Glad u lost
Congrats Ovi!!
YESSSSS
"Сашка - гордость!)
Russia is so proud of Alex, he's the treasure"
WHAT IN THE PETER BONDRA DID I JUST WITNESS???
Congrats to the caps.  They deserved it. Outplayed the knights on every level. What an awesome ride it was with the knights though. I'm a bit of ashamed of our “fans” though. Obviously thousands resold their tickets.
Congrats to Oshie, Ovechkin, and the Capitals!  Holtby stood on his head, great goaltending. Vegas, you boys have nothing to hang your heads about, what an amazing season you guys had, many many great years ahead
As a neutral viewer It would have been too hype to see vegas win but I guess the Caps deserve it
И гуляли они три дня и три ночи!!! Ну а вообще Алекс красава, красава Кузя, Орлов молодец и вся команда!!!И если они и в следующем сезоне возьмут кубок, то может дубликат кубка Стэнли оставят в России как трофей, в знак благодарности всему Российскому и Советскому хоккею за огромный вклад российских хоккеистов в НХЛ. Думаю так правильно и справедливо было. Да и политике сближения народов большой плюс! Всем салам!
#3PEAT #3ELIEVE where my penguins fans at lmao.
From one of the seventeen Canes fans, congrats to Washington for keeping the Cup in the East AND beating an expansion team with the dumbest name and logo in recent years. Thank you, Caps... Thank you.
Doesn't really count as a true Cup win.  Vegas was a scrub team with a superb goalie that carried them all year.  Vegas basically was only there because they got a 3 time Cup winning goalie on loan from Pittsburgh 😂😂😂😂😂😂
I am a penguins fan
Vegas or Pittsburgh should have won
Love seeing the emotion from ovi, once he's being presented the cup looks like he's about to burst out tears of joy and I couldn't be happier for him
Congrats Caps curse broken. Congrats Овечкину и Кузнецову
"lol those rewtard cut off the most important part wich is the great ovechkin's celabratin at the end who is priceless
f0cking m0r9ns lol"
#VegasWeak
Y es
Vegas was a fluke all year! F em!
Ovi and Backs you deserve it !!! Thank you for your faithfulness !!! Only capitals, only - victory !!!
I knew once the CAPS scored Vegas would go back to their normal "hack & whack" style of hockey. The better team won the CUP. Congrats to the CAPS!!!!
Congratz OVI OVI OVI Graz!!!!
The strippers are going to kill it tonight!!!! Stanley's getting a lapper with Ovi
Finallyy washington won!!! Amazing now they go to president white house!!! Trump will see u now!!
Thank you Russia, not for helping Trump but for Ovi
5:01 best moment
"Александр Великий.
Теперь я всегда буду называть его только так, никак иначе."
The bubble finally burst for the Knights. They won't be back for awhile...maybe 20 yrs like the Caps. See ya in 2038.
ура!! с победой саня!!!
one thing off Ovi's list. keep it going!!
Вегас молодцы))) Удачи в следующем сезоне
Great to see Ovechkin finally get one!
Ovi,congratulations! Ура! Очень за тебя рад!
yeahhhhh!!!! 🇷🇺
Lol refs tried everything to help Vegas to win lol Ovi Ovi Ovi
Саня лучший!!!
Ovi LEGEND
Congrats for them for making it to the Holy Grail
Man I'm so happy for Ovi and Backstrom.. to see them lift the cup together after all these years was pretty damn awesome.
Where are all the bandwagon knights fan now that they lost no one is commenting about them.
I'm so happy for the Caps. Congrats guys
Omg.. im in tears... finally ovi won
That Vegas penalty kill was painful to watch all series. Why they didn't make any changes blows my mind... So many goals given up shorthanded
Dude when ov held that cup i actually cried
"They're gonna get kicked out by the bolts anyway they said" "oh there gonna lose to vegas they said"
Noooooo why Vegas whyyyyy
I don't like the caps but seeing how much it meant to ovi you can tell how hard they worked for it congrats caps fans you definitely deserve this
Congrats to Trotz. One of the league's most dedicated coaches. Glad to see him finally get the greatest trophy in all of sports.
Вітання з України для Ові & Со!!! Легенди!!!
Trade sbiza plz
Washington Capitals rule the world.Great Win.Enjoy the Stanley Cup.
It was not easy -- in this city even the clock is loaded.
so deserved :-)
Ovi great now officially.
Vegas nu cto vi takie Luzeri....(
Овиииии!!!
CAPS!!!!!
"ТРИ РУССКИХ МУШКЕТЕРА ВЕСЬ СЕЗОН ТАЩИЛИ ВАШИГ!!!
БРАВО!!!!... ОНИ ЭТО СДЕЛАЛИ!!!!"
Well deserved
In D.C. for every game. Too litttttt!!!
Upload at 60fos you losers
Finally
As a vegas fan ithe still give credit to both capitals and knights. But I feel like the knights will try again next season and could have a rematch with the caps
Молодцы!!))
Serves Vegas right for their shooting hoax.
What about Kuznetsov? The best play-off score as you can see.
ty sbisa for letting the caps get the final 2 goals. Bum.
рад за овцу но не расстроен за вегас, это же как лестер почти
Fleury sucks ass.
I've been a Washington fan all my life. At 18 years old currently. Going through  the early 2000s redskins being a laughing stock of the nfl. Wizards getting beaten down in the playoffs. Nationals not being able to compete post season. The capitals finally powered through a rough playoff stand these past few years. I'm still in tears 😭. LETS GOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
Finally Mr. Infinity's name (Ovi) is etched for all eternity.
Gz to Washington. Rip Vegas . Gr8 first season! :-(
finally my '98 capslogo will now never go in vain 😀
Thanks a lot Washington Capitals if Vegas golden knights who won the Stanley Cup who knows maybe the Vegas golden knights will get the cup next year
As a wings fan happy for Ovechkin finally getting his cup well done 👍🏻
Knights! 💛💛💛
Даааа! Как мы болели за Вашиков!
Glad they won, that Perron goal was bs
Jesus the Knights choke every year smh
За себя и за Сашку!
ThE REfS WoN tHe GaME
Skip the celly wow
Booooo
Congrats Alex! Go Capitals!!!
Man I'm so disappointed in the knights,they're better then this,but man to many mistakes on defense, congrats capitals.
Not sure how the refs just let anything go such as crosschecks and trips, but I do agree with the other comments that the caps outplayed the knights. I mean its very easy to outplay a team when you're slashing and tripping and crosschecking players and getting away with it...but as a pens fan im glad to see Ovi and Kuzy get a cup, they are the only ones who deserved it. Everyone else on the caps is dirty and cheapshot any chance they get...
whasington wins🙌🙌
Congrats to the Caps...from a fan of neither side....  Clearly the better team.
I took a pill 'cause Sbisa 🎶  - Vegas fans
"Holtby pulled a 2017 fleury and carried tf outta his team.

Everyone happy for ovi, but holtby deserves it more.
He was like a brick wall.

Congrats, I'm still slightly salty about r2, but Crosby and guentzel can't carry forever, so kinda deserved that loss tbh"
Devante Malik Smith-Pelly Amazing GOAL!!!
VGK goal #2 NO GOAL!! Quit Cheating for Vegas NHL and Refs!
"Shoutout to my mans Kuzy and Oshie, two fvcking ballers. Oshie a real one for taking the metro, and knocking that dudes tooth out game 4!👌😍🏆




Let's go Caps!🏆"
"Congrats to both the Capitals and the Knights! Both teams fought like hell and both will be remembered as legends for this. 

Caps and Ovi for winning their first cup.

Knights for dominating the season and making it to the finals in their inaugural season and becoming true underdogs. 

What amazing achievements for both teams"
Слава Маламуд надеюсь теперь повесится?
Yeesss!! Finally, Ovechkin has the Cup!!! Congratulations, Alexander!! All the best and more victories.
ГУЛЯЮТ ВСЕ! С ПОБЕДОЙ БРАТЬЯ ДРУЗЬЯ WASHINGTON CHAMPIONS 2017-2018
Красавцы! Саша от души поздравляю, ты долго к этому шел брат!
Congrats Caps. You guys earned it  :D
Ovi deserve that so much!
The Redskins better learn from this and win a super bowl now.  GO CAPS!!!!!!!!
Luca Sbisa the GOAT
NHL MOST PRESTIGE TROPHY HAS FINALLY COME DOWN TO OVI. ON A SIDE NOTE, KIM HUGHSON STILL HAS THE BEAUTIFUL VOICE👍
Neal looks like woody from toy story tried molly for the first time and got a hold of the red hair dye at the grocery store and perron looks like if billy zane gave himself plastic surgery but is covering it up with guyliner.
Как Я ждал этого момента, эту Победу! Очень рад за Вашингтон, очень рад за Ови, за Кузя и за команду!!!
"Haters will be haters 

LETS GO CAPS"
Marchand should get a 2 game suspension for this..
"Hey everyone please watch my video
🔥 “GOD” 🔥with your support you'll help my music reach the world. Thanks GOD bless."
Sbisa is so trash 😂😂😂
SO HAPPY FOR OVI- THE GREATEST!!!!
These commentators are so trash. How can anyone listen to these guys? So boring to listen to
Congrats
big congratulations to Ovechkin & co.  from the Czech rep. (Rangers fan)
С победой столичные,вы этого заслужили.наши парни лучше всех
seeing ovi lift up that cup, priceless. hoping that I'd see that with the canucks in my life time
Сашка потрепал ты мне нервы с утра.Я очень рад ты мужик!
ALL CAPS!!!! WE ARE THE CHAMPPION MY FRIEND.... CAPITALS IS BEST HOCKEY TEAM EVER!!!
smith pelly had a lot of clutch goals
Russian interference!!
Caps fan here, great series but I wonder where the other Caps 'fans' are that kept saying "NHL is rigged" when the Caps lost game 1.
Ну,наконец-то, рад за наших
Was routing for vegas but ove did deserve a cup. Im happy either way
Ну наконец-то поздравляем Александра Великого!!!))) Вот когда надо по всей России выходные и праздник Объявлять все народный!!!!!!!))) Если бы Вашингтон отложил победу на домашний матч то как раз пришлось бы ко дню России и можно было бы переименовать этот праздник в день кубка Овечкина!!!₽₽₽)))))))))
Would've been cool to see the knights pull it off, but im happy for #8
Let's go cap's
Саня долго к этому шёл, заслужил, вопросов нет.
DC went nuts!  I went to the viewing party outside Capital One arena and it's an experience I'll never forget. Insane.
Асей команде памятник при жизни в центре вашингтона👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍
I bet there are some Pens fans saying OVI got CROSBY'S Sloppy Seconds
all the caps and Ovi haters can suck it and hopefully they respect us now ! I love this team and these players and ova will go down as one of the greatest players of all time
It was final time for Ovie to win it, well done Caps
PETER BONDRA>ALEXANDER OVECHKIN. LETS NOT FORGET WHAT NUMBER 12 IN D.C BEFORE OVIE
"Funny. 2 habs rejects tie and win the game and a team wearing blue, red, and white lift the cup this century... but it isn't the habs. 

Congrats ovi and your team, best cup hoist since chara!"
it's about time. caps should have won 3 or 4 already.
USA USA USA!!!!!!
Quick Washington better sign OV to an 8 year extension,he's still got hockey in him.
CAPS! OVI!!!! Champions!!!! :D
"Congratz Caps! Finally the curse have been lifted!



And congratz for Vegas making it to the finals! Nobody believed that would happen before it did."
The Vegas player partial block on the gwg is what made fluery not make the save
From an #Avs fan, congrats to the Caps for finally getting the Cup! Happy that Ovi got the monkeys off his back!
I'm just happy that penguins didn't won
Единственное  что меня  расстроило -,, да,,  он сказал по-английски(. А в целом Молодец Овечкин-смотрел матч онлайн-блять, как за сборную  болел. - он реально Капитан.
What was song when ovi lifted the Stanley cup
Good. We don't need some damn expansion team taking home the cup on their first season.
Овечкин крут. Поздравляю!!! Наконец то кубок!!!
ЛЕТ'С ГО КЭПС!
Sbisa is ass
Rename the golden knights to the silver knights Bc they got 2nd in the playoffs lol. They can rename themselves back to golden when they win a cup
Рад за Ови
Somebody was seriously messing with clock for Vegas to get the tying goal! It was obvious!
This day will be remembered as one of the greatest days in dc history
Gongrcastioltions
Sbisa still got the Canucks spirit within him.
Ovi The Great
Great Capitals,Great OVI.
HOCKEY IN LAS VEGAS; LOL, LOL, 🏒🥅🤧😩😫😩😩😰😰😥🤭
Congratulations to the #Capitals and #Ovi! More highlights here...https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VLfxUGyfVm0
Im so happy sbisa left at the expansion draft now
It would been a better  final with Nashville  sanjose or Winnipeg  but bettman golden nights ruined it
Герои, Сотворили историю через кровь и пот!!!! Ждем тур Кубка Стэнли по всей России!!!!!!!!!!!!!!)
I'm a Chicago fan, but the Caps sure did deserve it, congrats!!!
We're getting a parade!
Spoilers in the description... some like to watch the HLs without knowing the result
"Stick a fork in Vegas they're DONE!!!!
LOL, Now, what happened to the game clock in the final seconds? 
I had to LMAO ON THAT ONE. 
I warned you not to go with the rough stuff.  
GREAT JOB CAPITALS, VERY WELL DONE!!!
You looked like SUPER CHAMPIONS."
Саня красавчик спасибо что победил 💪
Who here is excited for Urinating tree to have to do a video on this team winning?
"The Caps finally won the Cup?
I blame Leo DiCaprio finally winning an Oscar. Ever since that happened the universe has been out of whack :^)"
Great job caps! Russians never quit congratulations to Ovi and Kuzy top two scorers in the play offs!
"👊🏼👊🏼💙❤️ 
dang
i screamed when vrana scored"
WE ARE THE CHAMPIONS MY FRIENDS!!!!!
WE FINALLY DID IT!! #ALLCAPS #STANLEYCUPCHAMPS
Давно он мечтал это выиграть...
I was on the Knights side but seeing Ovi hoist the cup made we kinda smile idk GG caps GG
Great game. Congrats Caps fans! So happy for you guys.
urinating tree? Where You at?
Even the goaltender interference goal and shutting off the game clock during the last minute of the game couldn't save the Vegas Golden Bettmans.
Congrats Ovi. Long awaited and well deserved. :)
Ух, бля, до мурашек. ОВИ великий, теперь официально
Оболдеть  финал👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍
"Caps Cup Run:
Round 1: Barry Trotz elects to start Grubauer over Holtby to start playoffs, go down 2-0, some pundits didn't give the Caps a chance. Holtby starts Game 3, delivers and Caps go on to win 4 straight.
Round 2: Playing against Pittsburgh, they won't make it out of the second round again, beat Penguins in 6 games.
Round 3: Playing Tampa, go down 3-2 after being up 2-0 and losing both games at home and heading home for Game 6. Holtby and the Caps deliver in Game 6 and 7 and move on.
Round 4: Vegas, lost close Game 1, ends up winning the next 4 games. Ovechkin FINALLY gets to the top of the mountain.
Congrats Caps from Saskatoon.
The turning point of the Caps Cup run: Trotz's decision to start Braden Holtby in Game 3."
Congrats to Ovi and the Caps on a great series and well deserved victory. So great to finally see the great 8 with the Cup.
Yes we did it after years of surfing go Washington capitals
You deserve that one ovy
The raw emotion of sheer passion from Ovechkin when he lifted the cup is priceless. Congrats Caps fans, you guys deserve it.
NBA sucks
Love Washington
What is it with teams winning the Cup on the road in the last couple if years?
Hats off to the Capitals. They had a hell of a game. As a Knights fan, it is pretty sad to see your team lose in the final but we should be proud of our season. Congratulations Ovi it was many years of frustration but you finally did it.
Being a Canuck fan I was able to see a lot of the early Barry Trotz teams when we played Nashville, he is one heck of a coach and i'm glad he got a cup. Ovechkin's hard work finally payed off after all the early playoff exits.. Congrats Capitals' fans.
Unfair game..vegas shouldve won
Year ago people were asking to sell OVi.  Contrats to CAPS and Great Job Barry Trotz
"I cried

what a season!!!!  and congrats to #ALLCAPS and OVI!!"
Jets fan here, so happy to see Ovechkin lift his first cup!
YASSSSSSSSSSSS
The Caps last 2 goals are exactly why the Canucks got rid of Luca Sbisa.
Congrats to the caps from a CBJ fan
The clock stops working all of a sudden with a minute left, Hmmmm 🤔🤔🤔.  BETTMAN!!! Anyways GG.
Vegas in 4
Where are all those vegas fan? And where are all those media that they said vegas will win in 6 games.. i bet millions of people lose the bet.. great job Caps.. lol
CAN COCKY VEGAS BANDWAGONERS SHUT UP NOW?
Comeback sweep!
5:17 Me when I win a solo squad in Fortnite
A hodgepodge, scraggly group of misfits make it to the final in the Stanley Cup playoffs .... in their first year. Perfect fodder for Hollywood. Look for them at a theatre near you!
We finally did it!  4 straight to win the Cup!  They deserve it more than any other team in hockey!  If this is a dream I hope I don't wake up.
"Capitals cogratulations with a victory in the Stanley Cup 🏆
Ovi Great deserved 🏆 👏 👏"
The “Capitals can't win a championship” memes have plummeted in value. Cut your losses and reinvest elsewhere. Marchand kissing players is still a hot market.
Leafs would have won this game
wish cris cuthbert was calling the game. hughston is horrible. monotone robot.
Finally, CAPS! ❤
I'm so happy for OVI and I'm a ranger fan...so much respect for OVI I love him good job
Ovi hoisting the cup very emotional :(
Knights in 4.
"Capitals cogratulations with a victory in the Stanley Cup 🏆
Ovi Great 👏 👏"
I'm crying now
WASHINGTON CHAMPION ! ! !
Congrats GR8!
They will probably choke next round anyways, who cares
Stanley Cup Finals > NBA Finals
Well I'll be Damned They Fcking Did it Washington Capitals are your 2017 18 Stanley Cup Champions
the memes are dead