Sounds like Bill Belichick
the nba needs to set a rule on the 4 man screen rung before someone does it to win a game. basically the move is have your 4 players make a ring around a shooter so opponents cant defend them to give your shooter open space to shoot. one day it will happen and its gunna be crazy.
19.2-7 No guns
stop changing the rules and let teams adapt to these hacks. all you are making is a terrible uneventful game.
Roger Neilson is known in Vancouver for being the guy who began towel waving in hockey. Game 2 of the WCF against Chicago, he waved a white towel on a stick, and thus began towels in NHL ice hockey. I own one of those original towels they gave out in game 3 back in Vancouver, my grandmother preserved it and gave it to me. I consider it a great piece of sports history.
5&-'-4&+$:7$: can fix can be CC 🏢🏣🚉🚊
Santi?
Not the hero we wanted but needed
You either die a hero or live long enough to see yourself become a villain
Anybody know where you can see the matches
"My favorite rule verbiage is in the sport of baseball. A player, after reaching first base, tried to steal second to allow his compatriot on third to steal home. The catcher wasn't fooled, kept the ball, and so after the guy got to second, he decided to run back to first and try it again, until the catcher gave in and tried to get him out, allowing the guy on third to score. The next day the baseball commission wrote a new rule worded thus, and it's great:

""Any runner is out when, after he has acquired legal possession of a base, he runs the bases in reverse order for the purpose of confusing the defense or making a travesty of the game.""

And it absolutely fits in with the idea of them appending his name to it, like ""Making a travesty of the game, ROGER."" (Well Germany Schaefer in this case)"
"OMG. That ish is /hilarious/.

""*ROGER*"""
There was this goalie in the Argentine First Division Football/Soccer League called Hugo Gatti during the 60s and 70s. Since goalies, aka gaolkeepers, in soccer/football don't have to follow the same dress code as the rest of the team when it comes to colors of the shirt, he would like to have colorful getups where he would wear bright shirts with bright pants and socks, and play in a very provoctative and taunting way. The AFA (Argentina's Football Association) passed a rule which said that the goalie could use a different color shirt but the pants and socks had to match the rest of the team. So as to basically put an end to his shennanigans.
The rule only says the goalkeeper has to stay in the crease until the player touches the puck. Doesn't mean he can't charge and take the puck away.
The original nhl ombudsman
then he died of cancer
This guy reminds me of bill belichick
i love this weird rules series! will you be doing one on the martin brodeur rule in the nhl?
He also started the weird swirling of towel over your head thing during championship games.
FINE! I’ll watch it!
I went to Roger Neilson's Hockey School every summer....    : )
So when they touch the puck for the penalty shot, that includes when they’re swiping the puck left to right with their stick right?  So the moment the stick touches the puck by a tiny tap you can charge the person.
There's one for rugby league that's still in operation but you yanks wouldn't have a clue what I was talking about it I were to explain it
"Two more Roger Neilson stories, though not really relating to weird rules:
-In 1978-79 he was fired as head coach by the Toronto Maple Leafs; after outrage across the team and fanbase he was reinstated without missing a game, but the Leafs' cantankerous owner Harold Ballard's original plan was to bring him back as a ""mystery coach"" with a paper bag on his head, that he was supposed to take off to reveal himself at some point in his first game back. Roger refused, came back as normal, but was again fired at the end of the season. 

-In the 1982 playoffs he was coaching the Vancouver Canucks, a job he took over from Harry Neale who was suspended late in the season for attacking a fan in Quebec City, and who were en route to their first of 3 trips to the Stanley Cup Finals. During game 2 of the Campbell (Western) Conference Finals against Chicago, he felt his Canucks were getting the short end of the stick regarding penalties, so he put a white towel on a hockey stick and waved it in mock-surrender. He and three players who copied him were ejected and fined, but at game 3 in Vancouver thousands of fans brought their own towels to wave at the game, and ""Tower Power"" was born. Roger even has a statue outside Rogers Arena depicting him with the skate & towel raised."
Hockey still has b.s. rules.
They should make a movie about him... I'd watch it.
Where are these games, so we can watch the hilarity?
No SnOwMaN
yo i deadass wasnt paying attention because the guys pants on the right are so black that it looks like it isnt there wtf
Lol,i was that kid
they should real the rules for tw seasons to see if any coaches now will do that stuff.
"Because nobody ever studied their opponents... *coughs * Ridiculous 
 - Sun Tzu"
Lol you're always "in the right" if it's a loophole. Dumbfuck.
Preventive measure would be to give referees more power to decide what to do if they think something is unsportsmanlike behaviour. Put minute of extra time on the clock and give penalty shots if they deem it necessary.
These are almost the most boring people to ever be in a video besides anybody who is in a buzzfeed video.
Wtf is this weird format? Why is this a conversation?!
Chaotic good
Go home Roger
I don't want to watch, where does the snowman come into play?
How about one in soccer/football, that says that you can't score a goal direct from a throw-in, at least if the same team doesn't touch it? Despite it being in the rule books, a Premier League game actually had this happen (it happened to Aston Villa in 2002), and the referee counted it. The keeper swears he never touched the ball, and it's inconclusive to this day.
How can you put more men on the ice when you are already down to 3 plus the goaltender! It has a limit and the rule change is unnecessary!
2:37 soooo the goalie can still charge at the penalty shot taker hasek style ?
Do not you dare make a snow man
I don't understand the first one they mention, about the three people. I mean, the coach is able to put more people in the ice than it is allowed? What does it mean to reset the game?
A perfect example of Chaotic good
The first IRL speedrunner.
(2:40) No, the goal keeper does not have to stay put. The rule said that the goal keeper only has to stay put until the puck has been touched, and it was when the puck was touched that the penalty shot begins. I bet that the defencman also stayed put until the puck was first touched.
Whoa.. this channel is amazing. The interview style is sooo great for presenting fun facts. Way better than the animated crap in all those "top 10" videos. Kudos, sub'd.
Roger was the original Analytics Coach in the NHL. Fun fact
why dicaprio
I'm that kid
"5:24

I think they're called ""penetration testers"". I'm not correcting you, I just really like saying the job title ""penetration tester""."
I want to see this in a Drunk History format.
"Roger: did you guys even read the rule book?
Officials: what do you mean roger?
Roger: lol, dont worry about it."
"this guy saved hockey!" No.No he didn't.
Wow...could this look anything more like two forever virgins alone on a Friday night passing the time until they THINK it will get all better in college?
He’s a troll lol
Binging this series has reminded me of three curious loopholes in various historical tournament chess rules sets that were all as far as I understand it closed in response to them being abused for chess puzzles, namely promotion to a king, promotion to a piece of your opponent's colour, and vertical castling with a newly promoted rook.
Everyone calls following the rules to the letter a loophole. It's not. Calling it a loophole is just dumb people finding a way to disparage someone vastly smarter than themselves.
I must say that I'd rather have a video just of the guy explaining things instead of this weird conversation
lol.. what he said about all 4th graders traveling..They all travel in the NBA too
were these NHL rule changes?  Neilson was the coach of the Petes when he pulled the "too many men on the ice" trick and the "defenceman in the net for penalty shots" trick, so clearly they would have entered into the OHL rulebook, but did they get kicked up into the NHL?
I was playing a showcase in Michigan once and my coach made me take every face off in the second period with no stick to prove a point to the ref. Hilarious because I would just line up like a center in football and clobber the kid when the puck dropped.
I don't even like sports and this was really interesting
These two guys have no clue about hockey.
That guy on the right is extremely Jewish looking. You just don't get much more Talmudic in appearance than that.
Roger and my grandpa were friends. I used to get sent autographs from players he was coaching. Not DiCaprio like at all. Really great guy.
esports are a thing. Do a few of those. I recommend Magic The Gathering. They've got more weird rules than you'll ever be able to cover. Get one of the experts out there from another channel to come in and try to make it interesting to sports fans. (alternate: Game Balance fix for League of Legends)
Roger is a Hero! :-)
Why isn’t there a movie about this guy?!?
"This is why legal contracts are so cryptic and verbose.
They want to get every nook and cranny of said rules to just have something work, otherwise someone thinks they're gonna do something ""allowed"" by using a loophole.
Here's an idea someone would ask: ""Why don't we make loophole attempts illegal? Clearly, just intending to work outside any simple yet fair rules is a terrible thing to do.""
Because that would strip a lot of power from bad lawyers, the kind that abuse the verbosity of legal contracts, so, there are simply just too many that wouldn't let that kind of rule pass."
When I was playing a game of crazy eights I called last card until I had the entire deck in my hand
numales
This is like those TAS exploits except in hockey.
This is a bad setup
A example of a soccer loophole would be in 2002 Sheffield United vs West Brom. United were losing 3-0 had used all their substitutes and were reduced to 8 men due to 3 red cards. With a 3 man deficit for the final 15 minutes a severe beating was highly likely which would adversely affect their goal difference (a tie breaker in English Football). Subsequently 2 players left the field "injured" and with no replacements allowed the referee had no option to abandon the game as the minimum number of players allowed is 7.
LOL
Sean Avery rule
"Roger Nielson seems pretty based forreal.
More rules don't make sports better"
"I'm not sure whether or not Roger created this rule, but I'd be shocked if he didn't exploit it over his career.  If a team used their timeout earlier in the game (they only get one) and he needed one to give his best line a breather, he'd have the goalie come over with an equipment problem - skate lost an edge, strap on his pad came loose, something like that.  Back in the day, they could take their time fixing the problem, so the equipment manager would have trouble finding the skate sharpener, or he'd have to tape the strap on the pad really, really, really securely - like a half-roll of tape.

There also used to be a rule where if you substituted your goalie, he got a couple of minutes to warm up, and teammates were allowed to take shots on him.  Many coaches also used this rule to get an unofficial timeout.  Some would swap out their goalies repeatedly, just to kill the other teams momentum and get a few extra seconds of rest for a tired line they wanted out on the ice.

Other things that they still do today is have players changes sticks, and the equipment manager will bring them two sticks from the bench.  Of course, the player will take his dead time selecting just the right one.  Another tactic they use is to try and have a player either change late, after the ref has signalled for the other team to make their change, or change on an icing call, which you can't do if you're the team that iced the puck.  Somebody will wander off the bench, the ref will catch him and send him back, the player will argue that he was on the ice when the icing call was made, but the ref will send him off anyway."
Former Leafs owner Harold Ballard once wanted Roger Neilson to coach with a paper bag over his head.
I remember in a HS football game we had an awesome kicker.  One play we just got up some-odd 10 points in les than a minute with less than a minute to go.  He did an onside kick, and never lined up.  He put his hand up for the refs but once they whistled him through they just went for it and we won. Beautiful instance
"Heh, it's been something of a truism for a long time that any time you see a particularly odd or extremely prescriptive rule, law, user instruction etc somewhere, the great likelihood is that it's been laid down in response to one particular person doing something crazy but technically allowed / not defended against that then caused a whole mess of trouble, and that prescription had to be put in to guard against even the tiny likelihood that someone else would copy them.

And, well... looks like we found ""that one guy"", at least for the ice hockey rulebook :D"
For that last rule could you maybe do a thing where you take the a stick, put it in front of goal and then just score goals by hitting it over and over again lol
He kind of looked liked a very old Ted Bundy.
sounds like me
Dean smith is the man who forced a shot clock. What a legend
The NHL seems pretty back at patching loopholes. Why would they specify goalkeepers with that third one? It sounds to me like any other substituted player can still leave whatever equipment they want in front of the goal...
I'm so disappointed. I thought NHL was NHS!
After 3v5 they should just let people in on the other team and not stop time for the 6th player to come out.
You either die a villain or live long enough to become the hero.
Can you break off the goal and take it with you?
Can the goal tender throw their stick?
"Deliberate" so as long as they put someone as coach who has low enough intelligence where they are not deliberately doing anything, it's doable.
Should have a movie about Roger Wilson
Troubleshooter!
You can't punish someone for being clever.
Roger Neilson is the kind of guy who'd purposely burn himself just to sue a fast food chain for not putting a "hot content" warning on the cup.
If they were facing the same camera, this would be perfectly normal. But facing each other, this looks like a first date that's going really well. Like, the guy in the red shirt brought a date conversation notebook and he's totally crushing it. Is this what a gay Canadian match date looks like? Expect at Tim Horton's, obviously.
Yikes, and I though the exploits and cheese strats in video games were bad.
I'm not quite clear on the first one. Ok, so he kept stalling by keep putting too many men on the ice. But what does this have to do with "can't have fewer than three men"? Surely he can stall the same way even if he still has four, five or even the full six?
He was also one of the first coaches to use video to teach his players.  His nickname was "captain video".
As my Health and Safety Manager says to me "Every stupid, dumb and pointless rule has a story behind it."
this one was actually pretty good.
Underarm bowling in cricket.
The Rob Ray rule to keep your equipment and jersey on in NHL fights because he just took that off and no one could grab onto him and then he just went to town fighting
What about non-goalie NHL hockey players- are they allowed to leave their stick, snow .... in the way so opponent players who like to attack in one particular way are stifled because there is all this stuff in their way. It shouldn't been necessary to have this rule change- should already been covered.
Bill Belichick
Absolutely NO snowmen.
"Using a player instead of a goalie for a shootout doesn't seem like its a loophole at all, if a team wants to do that they should be able to do it. There are 3 trivial ways of beating something like that as a shooter, the absolute best and cheapest way is probably just flip the puck really high 15 feet over the guys head as he's halfway to you. Doing this is ridiculously easy and aiming at the net should be like a 95%+ easy feet for most from just inside the red line.
You could also just bank it off the boards like a billiards shot, or of course... just shoot the damn thing past the guy normally, it should be much easier than a real goalie."
No one likes traveling guy. Bounce the ball you uncoordinated thing.
More videos like this, short, interesting, made me want more, plus i resonate with rodger. haha funny bit by the way, rodger.
Neat! would have never known about these funny stories and changes to the game
Hockey was broken before they play tested and patched it, too many exploits.
Wait, regarding the third rule. Does that mean you can pile up snow or shaved ice to help block the goal, as long as the goalkeeper remains at the goal?
This guy must play MtG as well.
You would be like so good at DND min-maxing
How does one talk about Roger and not mention THE TRAP !!!!!!    Blasphemy !!!
The Avery rule comes to mind.
The term for the hacker you referred too is a "penetration tester"
The one who exploit the rules win games.
Although in this case it seems different, I can't help think of Phil Mickleson's golf loop hole.......just doesn't seem right
Until player has tuched the puck" technichally the goalie would have to stay put indefinatly because the player never actually touches the puck...
I think people underestimate and underappreciate the role trolls play in society. The founding fathers were OG Trolls, Dr. Martin Luther King was a troll, Barry Goldwater was a troll. Trolls aren't necessarily bad, they are simply annoying to certain groups of people who have power. Because a troll is very different from a bully. A bully attempts to maintain their dominant position in a hierarchy, but a troll isn't at the top of the hierarchy, they are usually the outsider or outcast attacking the dominant. Sure, there are really awful shitlord trolls out there, but even they play a vital part in the marketplace of ideas.
"The guy on the right is an unfunny dumbass. It seems like an interesting format, but both people have to contribute, which isn't happening here.
The commentary generally is also mediocre."
This guy is a hero, but Bill Belichick cheated by calling a receiver ineligible.
It's like when someone hacks into some company and then they hire that person to write their new security software.
Actually....the rule books SHOULD include the first instance that required the rule to be created, along with the rule. Both for interesting history and for the same reason courts cite precedent when making decisions
God I hate people like that that find some stupid loophole and then do the equivalent of going "not touching you, not touching you... " and then think they're so smart. There should be a blanket statement above the rules that says "spirit of the rule, not the letter of the rule, has to be respected" that gives the referees discretionary powers to shut down any loophole if and when they come up even if they are technically legal under the letter of the rule.
Have either of you actual played a sport? At all? Ever?
Sean Avery rule :))
White people
What a stickler for rules
Bilicheck of Hockey?
RIP Roger Neilson
That last one, what is preventing a defender from putting his stick down there while the goalie leaves, and go get a new one from the bench, or change on the fly?
Way to go making an interesting topic into a ridiculously boring video
Man i wish i could erase my memory of this vid just so I could rewatch and feel the same sense of awe
These guys are total soyboys hard to watch
What if you build a snowman in front of the goal, then put a jersey on it and make it the goalkeeper?
"This is how Bill Belichick does so well
He always finds small, small loop holes to get any advantage

Bend but don’t break the rules"
Rodger do you want to build a snowman??
Guy on the left looks like dusty from Just Friends!
There is also a story mentioned by Brian Mcfarland in his book about Roger Neilson coaching the Peterborough Petes(Junior A in the OHL team). He thought his team would need a lot of timeouts to keep up with the faster team(I think the London Knights) so he had his farm team for the Petes sit behind the bench and everytime he would tug his ear, the farm team was suppose to throw eggs on the ice, resulting in a "unoffical" timeout giving his team a breather. The only problem is he forgot to let the coach of the farm team know, so when the coach showed up and found his players throwing eggs on the ice he kicked them out and sent them home to think about what they were doing. Roger went to pull his ear, and no eggs came, turned around and the whole team was gone.
0:25 hah gottem
"Me and my friend exploited the game of capture the flag. (The version of capture the flag that we played allowed you to pull someones belt to get them out as long as you are on your side of the center line, so you can get them out by grabbing their belt from your side even though they are on their side) we developed a strategy where you would get out of jail by getting freed by another player on your team and on the way back grab the belt of someone camping by the center line, then with the belt in our hand we would jump onto our side of the line, land, and pull the belt off. 




The teacher banned the tactic ):"
You could do one about the rule implemented due to a goalie flipping over the net durring a 2 on 0 to face a penalty shot instead of 2 people at once.
Avery rule !
Roger, you are a genius
Sean Avery should be in the Hall of Fame for his screen on the Brodeur.
This is so hilarious:D Where I am from, Peterborough Ontario, we have memorial statues and public schools named after him. I’ve never heard any of these stories😀 Totally have some new respect for this guy!
Hockey sucks..
Not the hero hockey needed , but the one it deserved
actually someone invented the shot clock in basketball to make the game more interesting
I feel like all of these could be avoided if you just had a rule against unsportsmanlike conduct or being disruptive. It's actually a good thing for rules that constrain the real world to contain a little bit of ambiguity like this to leave room for discretion, because no set of rules can anticipate and describe every possible scenario that can take place in the real world.
Leaving a stick in front of the net is still exploitable. If your stick breaks, you have to drop it, or you will get a penalty. If the goalie intentionally breaks his stick in front of the net and drops it, then the ref can't award that automatic goal, because the goalie is still technically playing by the rules.
Hey I know a kid named Seth, i also baby sit this kid that sometimes play imaginary games and he doesn't let me get anywhere
I'm not a hockey fan (I live in Australia) but 2 was genius.
The bill belicheat of hockey
"I didn't know these things about Roger Neilson, even though I was always a big fan of him as a coach. Here's another anecdote about Roger: On 4/29/82, Roger was so fed up with bad calls by the referee going against his team that he held up a hockey stick with a white towel on top as a ""white flag"", to sarcastically indicate that he was surrendering. The move was so popular with the fans, that it became a Vancouver Canucks tradition for fans to wave white rally towels at their games. They call it ""towel power"". 

Search on youtube, ""Roger Neilson Waves the White Flag"""
The RAF's Manual of Air Force Law has ostensive definitions brought about by 'defence' claims that are ruled out of order. So, for example, Rape is defined (along with many other ostensives) as "sexual intercourse on the pretext that it is  a surgical operation to improve the breathing."
YOU LIED
Roger Neilson was a physical education teach at my high school. ;)
3:19 if no one ever did that, they wouldn't need the rule in the first place.
I don't like sports, but things like this make me happy they exist
Lol
I was that kid, and still am just a little older and still just as frustrating.
Weird rules - The Commoner Railgun.
I love to imagine everytime Roger found a loophole I can see an old hockey official yelling "ROGER!" while shaking his hand
Isn't the too-many-men thing the EXACT same thing as basketball players fouling towards the end of a game when they're behind? Fouling to gain an advantage? I'd like to see a video on this before ya'll rip on the NHL.
you NEED to do the air gait.
The Fire Marshal Bill of Hockey
In a ahootout I think I'd rather have a d than a goalie as the shooter
Funny video, but, om, the channel name......sports ball nation?
Roger Neilson. The Thanos of hockey
"126 dislikes? How? Why were you here? 
I have a feeling that Roger is like... 14 of those... just churning out fake accounts to dislike this particular video.

“Theres no rule that says I can’t”

Asshole."
The reason these rules didn't exist is because they used to play with honor back then so they weren't needed.
Please tell me they made a movie about these events
I met the man that was the reason for the 5 second holding the basketball rule he held the ball for and entire last quarter he is from Indiana and is in his 90s and still plays pick-up games on the weekend
I miss Johns "Pretty good"
0:05 daequan
Dropkicks in the NFL
So somone invented a game and got upset that a guy that liked playing games showed up to play :)
Omg I would totally watch Leonardo DiCaprio play an aging Roger just going about his hockey shenanigans.
Well the NHL made the Sean Avery rule lol
In lacrosse, before there was a shot clock, there was a play called "the armadillo," and it defeated the national champions by a score of 1-0.
"2:55
What you're describing is still basically legal. You can designate a defenseman as an alternate goalkeeper and have him rush the shooter from the crease as soon as he touches the puck. What's illegal is putting that guy directly next to the puck like it's a face-off so the shooter has to get past him on the first touch of the puck."
Sounds Belichickian.
who watches these videos? 2 cucks talking to each other and giggling
back in school I was that kid who always found really outlandish exploits in the game rules~ but the problem was that, well, the teachers never understood my the exploits when I explained them :/
My dad and I met Roger through Hockey Ministries International. We had been attending their hockey camps in the summer since July of 1998 and had got to know quite a few people in that organization, including Don Liesemer, president of HMI. Flash forward to the dark times after September 11th, 2001, many flights were of course cancelled or delayed. Roger was taking cancer treatments at the time in Philadelphia and couldn’t get a flight back to Ottawa at the time. Don called up my dad knowing that he was in the area asking him a favour. Roger needed a way back home and he was wondering if my dad could drive him back to Canada to get his needed rest after his treatment. My dad didn’t hesitate and made his 1997 extended cab Ford Aerostar as comfortable as it could be. They didn’t talk too much on that 8 hour ride north as Roger was needing rest and slept most of the way. He was very appreciative and kept in touch over the phone and we went to visit him when he came to town for games in the future. He even offered to sponsor half of my tuition to attend a school in Saskatchewan to play hockey! That’s how I ended up going to school in Saskatchewan and subsequently meeting my wife in high school, making a life for myself up here. Roger got progressively worse in health and while the sponsorship promise fell through near the end of his life it was understandable. His influence and meeting led to many great things for me and my dad (I made the short list for the final tryouts for the Lindsay Muskies at 15 years old, my dad became an off-ice official for the Philadelphia Phantoms) and we were grateful for his friendship. He was a great person and of course an influential coach in the hockey community. He had some terrific stories to share! I still have my Christian Athlete Hockey jersey that he signed and wanted to give to me from way back when. What a fantastic person!
he died at the age of 69 ayee
If only they had some people who knew about hockey talking about this...
I think you should interview people that actually have knowledge of the sport you are talking about... Just saying.
Lawyerball is what we called it
The Avery rule the Gretzky rule
You should do a Smokey Yunick video. Dude made nascar officials look down right dumb useing "grey area rules".
"Can't believe Barbados vs. Grenada in the 1994 Caribbean cup hasn't been done yet... its my single favourite sporting odyssey of all time!

In short...
- Overtime was sudden death/golden goal for this tourney but special rule was the golden goal counted double
- Barbados needed to beat Grenada by two goals to move on to the next round, otherwise Grenada would
- Barbados was ahead by only one nearing the end of regulation time... meaning they would get knocked out
- Near the end they score on themselves intentionally, to even the game and send it to overtime
- Grenada catches on, they realize that if they score on either goal, they move on! They either win or they lose by one, both acceptable
- So now Barbados has to defend BOTH nets until regulation runs out and Grenada has to play offense both ways... hilarity ensues"
"The Rob Ray rule, named after Buffalo Sabres/Ottawa Senators goon/enforcer Rob Ray:

https://www.sportingcharts.com/dictionary/nhl/rob-ray-rule.aspx"
Oh please, the jew-y twink on the right WAS the kid making up bullshit rules
Can you guys please be more like Vox and just explain your video without the conversation at the desk. It just needlessly draws it out.
You should do the Monster Bat Incident (1771) in cricket
Watching these 2 discuss hockey is pretty funny
The Bill Belichick of hockey.
Is it weird that I really respect this Roger Neilson guy now?
“Canadian Content” rules about player nationality in the CFL
video starts at 0:30
So do they have a rule that you can't use a 1,200 pound guy as your goalie?
I laughed so hard at the 2nd rule
He just called Dean Smith an a**hole for the 4 corners offense. Take it back
PLEASE get some rights to footage. This sucks otherwise, sorry guys
This is just stupid, bad gamesmanship is just being unreasonable. Now the rulesbook is much thicker and it didn’t have to be that way.
I want to see a video about the 15 meter underwater rule for swimming!
I've never seen that sort of reaction to someone who figures out a way around the rules. They're smart. Don't you like smart people?
Pretty much when you break the game in Yu-Gi-Oh
I love coaches that get their own rules...
Love the content; hate the format
Basketball is my favorite sport I like the way they dribble up and down the court.
I think that the rule that a goalie cannot cross the red line during play other than to skate to his bench is from Gerry Cheevers skating into the Canadiens end once to shoot the puck as a 3rd blue liner. I saw Cheevers do it with my own eyes.
Lester Patrick would remove a skater and place 2 goalies in the crease. Then they made a rule for that.
i hated kids that travelled , go play soccer scrub
Is there actually a rule that prevents a player leaving their stick across the open goal to block a possible shot? Sure it's a bit risky to dump your stick there and get off the ice, but when your team has control of the puck behind your own net and the opposition is going to defense it would make sense.
THis was hilarious, ROGER!!!!
Also the first to use video as a coaching aid. Hence one of his nicknames, “Captain Video”
This guy is the NHL’s version of the Joker.
Roger was a great coach. He coached Junior hockey for 15 to 20 years in Peterborough and every year the Petes had a good team. He would be known as a defensive coach. His nickname was Captain Video. He used video to examine how teams worked power plays and how they liked to enter the zone. This was in the 1970's. He became a good NHL coach but never had the amazing success he had as a Junior Hockey coach.
Just once please do a parody where you say " so you wana hear it?" And the person you wana tell the story to is just like" ehh im good" and it ends or you go to another story lol
first ever good episode of this series. congrats Ryan
Roger is a legend
One rule I haven't seen discussed here is when the NHL was discussing the 3 on 3 overtime they brought in Neilson to play devil's advocate.  He said that he would just pull the goalie and try to win since he would be getting a point anyways.  So they put in the rule that if a team pulls the goalie in OT and they get scored on, they would forfeit their OT point.
"check out speed walking not a great sport but look at this snippet from wiki

Men's 20-km walk during the 2005 World Championships in Athletics in Helsinki, Finland. The walker at the right appears to be illegal in that both feet are off the ground, but according to the current rules, an infraction is only committed when the loss of contact is visible to the human eye"
I am very aware of Rodger  Nielsen.. He was one of the most successful coach's of my Vancouver canucks.  He is also responsible for the sea of " white towels waving" you can still see in the stands today. It began as a protest to what was a rigged referee system which stole our Stanley cup victory against the new york rangers. It was a wave of a white flag in " I surrender" to the refs in that final. Funny enough a couple years later he went to New York as their head coach...and eventually moved to be GM.
Bill Belichick of the NHL
I would love to see one about the fair catch kick.
3:02 this would be a great idea for a movie. "The hero saves the day by being the villain"
Talk about the Emergency Goalie rule in NHL
I found a loophole for the pulled goalie stick rule. Get one or your players to break his stick, and put it in front of the net. He can get another stick and the goal is blocked!
More Seth videos please!
The Sean Avery rule! Can't wave your stick in front of the goalie to provide a screen...Because Brodeur didn't like it & Avery was a well known ass
The old rules were better
The Canucks put a statue of Roger Neilson outside their arena, and the officials have been taking it out on them since.
"Roger Neilson was an innovator, the 3 rules he was part of was a big part of his legacy but it was deeper than that.  He was known as Captain Video because he began the NHL practice of video recording practices and games and having study sessions with the teams. 

Now in the NHL video is such an integral part of the game that they have iPads on the bench where players will come off the ice and grab the tablet to review their play and the linemates will discuss what happened and what to do next time.  

All thanks to Roger Neilson.  There's also another rule they didn't mention that changed thanks to him.  NHL rules at the time stated that if you swapped your goalie for your backup, you got a few warmup shots for the new goalie.  Rather than use his timeout, Neilson would simply swap his goalie, get a few warmup shots and do it again later in the game.  

NHL got rid of the warmup shots but you can still swap your goalie a lot."
Finding loophole in rule book is basically 80% of what Formula 1 is about (And other motorsport as well)
"How about the NBA backboard rule
Break the backboard and it's a technical"
Marchand lick rule?
I don't even watch sports but I like these videos.  Funny stuff people do to win.
"One rule that keeps popping up now and then to eliminate is kicking the puck in for a goal.  I'm sure it goes WAY back but I'll bet someone got hurt because guys were wildly kicking at the puck around the crease when their sticks were tied up.
There's a good reason not to have guys intentionally kicking at the puck when there's the likelihood of bodies on the ice but some lunkhead always says ""why can't you kick it in?""."
"I know in aviation there's the phrase ""The rules are written in blood"". 

In sports it should be ""The rules are written in bullshit""."
In football (soccer) if the ref doesn't tell you to leave the field you are considered still active even if injured. Man Utd's Daley Blind went behind his goal after a knock and in doing so, ensured that every player was on-side. The opposition scored an easy and weird goal as a result.
Do you wanna build a Snowman???? He can save a puck or two!!
Roger is an unofficial white hat hacker for the NHL, so one day he came to a game without a white hat so they made a rule where an unofficial white hat hacker must where a white hat to games to signal to the referees that he is not an unofficial white hat hacker, not an official one, RODGER!
What a great guy
This is the best one of these yet.
"Speaking of weird rules -- the origin story for the Butterfly swimming events is odd.  going by memory alone...

Originally there were only two competitive swimming strokes: breaststroke and backstroke.  Then the U.S. Native Americans introduced the ""American Crawl"".  Note that this stroke is almost universally and incorrectly called ""freestyle"", because American Crawl is the most efficient stroke, and if you can use any stroke you want (which is what freestyle means) then why use anything else?

The new American Crawl was largely dismissed by the ""European Elite"" as a heathen / savage stroke.  Sure it worked, but gentlemen used the elegant breaststroke.  Someone who wanted to win, however, took a look at how the breaststroke was defined in the rule book of the time and realized that the only requirement was that the arms and legs needed to be symmetrical at all times, and realized that getting the arms out of the water for the return stroke dramatically improved efficiency and that a dolphin kick was much more effective than a frog kick.  He won at least some races before the rules defining the breaststroke were updated, but eventually butterfly got its own set of events.

As a side note: as mentioned, ""anything goes"" is the rule for the freestyle events.  A swimmer will only be disqualified if they pull themselves along the line rope or push off the bottom of the pool.  If, however, someone invented a new stroke that was faster than the American Crawl then an odd situation would arise.  It would be perfectly legal to use this stroke in the freestyle events (and this is almost certainly how it would be introduced), but this would lead to the end of the American Crawl as a competitive swimming stroke.  The logical solution would be to create a new set of events called ""American Crawl"" and let the new stroke take over the ""freestyle"" label, but...  Almost certainly the result would be to create a new set of events for the new stroke and then change the rules of the freestyle events to either prohibit the new stroke ( ""Anything goes *except*...) or simply mandate the use of the American Crawl."
Ironically, he was known for being the first coach to use video to analyze players and game situations.
In football no penelty is a penelty unless the ref sees it so
"""NO SNOWMAN!"" 

Sincerely,
~Roger"
This is by far the worst SB Nation show. Weird Rules is terrible, this guy just can't make it enjoyable. (why doesn't he move his arms?)
this video had the 2 guys talking, waaaay too much, i wanted a video about some guy trolling the nhl... not you 2 yacking away...
I believe Neilson also once only put four guys on in an even strength situation so when his team won the face off the fifth guy just got off the bench, took a pass and scored on the breakaway.
That is not cheating or playing dirty.  He was playing by the rules.  Exploiting a loophole is still playing by the rules. He was apparently the only one smart enough to know the rules.
RIP roger
You should talk about the soccer match between Barbados and Grenada in the 1994 Caribbean Cup (it even has its own Wikipedia page). Because of a weird rule regarding ties (if a macht ended in a tie, they would play an time, and if someone scored a goal it would could twice), and because Barbados needed to win by at least two goals, in the end of the match (losing 1-2) they realised that if they scored an own goal it will give them more time to score the golden goal. They scored an own goal, and then Grenada realised that they needed a goal, *any goal*, so they started to attack both goals, with Barbados defending them.
That kid is me
"Wayne Scanlan wrote a Bio on Roger, Roger's World: The Life and Unusual Times of Roger Neilson.
There is a place in Ottawa called Roger Neilson""s House which helps families that have children with a terminal prognosis. 

The book is a good read for any sports fan."
I think that there was an NFL coach (maybe Buddy Ryan) who put extra defensive players on the field (something like 15 of 16 total) at the end of games because he could burn lots of time off the clock with the extra players and the trade-off was only one accepted too-many-men-on-the-field penalty.
Talk about how Mel Blount single handily changed how pass defense is played forever in the NFL because of the rules they had to put in to stop him
Truly a hero for all times!
You know who it was that required basketball implement the shot clock.... dean Smith and UNC. The "4 corners" offense was ridiculous.   Up by 5 with 7 minutes left,  they would busy stand there holding the ball or passing it back and forth.
Did you guys even know that his nickname was Captain Video?
Roger Neilson is a pimp, we’ve got streets names after him in Peterborough
Bring the guy back to beef history
Could you still do the end of game thing with continuous equipment violations or something else?
A good NFL one would be the Chip Kelly rule from when he had his entire defense tackle every eligible receiver at the line of scrimmage in the closing seconds of a half
This Roger guy sounds like the Walpole of Hockey
George Mikan is the father of structured basketball. He broke the game. Pls get Jon Bois on this
How about a video on all Patrick Roy's shenanigans? Or goalie fights?
way too much babble
One of the better weird rules videos.
12,307th view 735th like 69th comment
Lawful evil
Absolute madman. He also waved a towel at the end of his stick to surrender to the refs lol
"Two more Roger Neilson stories, though not really relating to weird rules:
-In 1978-79 he was fired as head coach by the Toronto Maple Leafs; after outrage across the team and fanbase he was reinstated without missing a game, but the Leafs' cantankerous owner Harold Ballard's original plan was to bring him back as a ""mystery coach"" with a paper bag on his head, that he was supposed to take off to reveal himself at some point in his first game back. Roger refused, came back as normal, but was again fired at the end of the season. 

-In the 1982 playoffs he was coaching the Vancouver Canucks, a job he took over from Harry Neale who was suspended late in the season for attacking a fan in Quebec City, and who were en route to their first of 3 trips to the Stanley Cup Finals. During game 2 of the Campbell (Western) Conference Finals against Chicago, he felt his Canucks were getting the short end of the stick regarding penalties, so he put a white towel on a hockey stick and waved it in mock-surrender. He and three players who copied him were ejected and fined, but at game 3 in Vancouver thousands of fans brought their own towels to wave at the game, and ""Tower Power"" was born. Roger even has a statue outside Rogers Arena depicting him with the skate & towel raised."
I like learning about these rules 'n all, but please change the approach. Even when I know what's happening, it's so frustratingly awkward to hear a scripted intro "conversation". And if it's not scripted, firstly I apologise and secondly: is your father a plank of wood?
Hmm. Sounds like a certain bearded Rocket...
this coach rules
Super interesting video and presented amazingly well! Def watching more of this :D
Ain't no rule that says a dog can't play hockey
There should be a movie made about this guy
Roger Nielson was an absolute legend.  There's a reason why there is a statue of him in front of my Canucks home of Roger's (lol what a coincidence) Arena.
Whole video on roger Nielsen but no mention of waiving the white towel smh
Brent Bielma did something sort of like this, he would kick the ball out of bounds, which would take a few seconds off the clock. So that would just end the half- without the other team ever getting the ball back.
That is so wired because I was just watching tv and Canada pulled this off
Also, Neilson suggested that his goalie should break his stick and leave it in front of the net, when substituting for 6th skater. That was the rule then, and still is for skaters, that they must drop their broken stick. But for goalies, they are allowed to continue playing with a broken one so they would not break their sticks and leave them in front of the net.
You can talk about Taro Tsujimoto or how the Sabres drafted an imaginary player.
This guy should’ve been a lawyer.
You should really do a video on probably the most important example of breaking (or circumventing) a rule ever: when English schoolboy William Webb Ellis, during a game of football (this was before soccer or gridiron was a thing) in the mid 1800s, he ran with the ball instead of kicking it, creating the sport of Rugby (and, by association, American Football/Gridiron) in the process.
"So far it sounds like many of these rules episodes were found by searching for “biggest ahole in ____”, picking a candidate, and looking at the fallout. 

Now I’m no tennis fan (and golf has been covered) but given some of the characters and antics, in a straight forward game, I’m sure there’s a goldmine there. I vaguely recall a rule about who you can talk to on court that doesn’t initially make sense, and there’s probably a better rule waiting with a story."
This format is just so wack and not in a good way. Do we have to have a conversation where one friend is educating another? The fly on the wall thing with randomly breaking the fourth wall just doesn't work. Good idea, bad execution
What a legend
Not all heroes wear capes...
Pure lawful evil
I'd like to think at one point he actually just had a fully built snowman play goalie one game so he could have the whole game 6 on 5.
Go Canucks Go!
Love this hockey content guys!
Always wondered if you dressed one of those guys that weigh 1000 lbs as a goalie and sort of form fitted him into the net. He wouldn’t have to move, you could even just leave him there between periods.
my coach
Truly a legend of hockey history. He was also the first to analyze game footage and is credited with introducing the rally towel to the NHL when waved a white towel on a stick to mock surrender because felt the refs were being biased.
Not a weird rule but it should also be noted that Neilson also inadvertently brought the rally towel to the NHL.
I’m gonna go get the papers get the papers
"You should do Pop Warner and the Carlisle Indian Industrial School. Half the classic rules in football were written to stop the Native American team and their clever coach from beating rich white kids at football.

Stuff You Missed in History Class did a great podcast episode on that."
You could talk about the Mankad in cricket, in a game full of weird rules, that one's one of the weirder ones..
NFL weird rule idea: On 11/27/2016, with the Ravens leading by 7 and facing a deep 4th down in the dying seconds against Cincinnati, John Harbaugh told all of his players to hold one of the Bengals defenders. P Sam Koch waited for the time to run out and backed out of the end zone for a safety. Because a game COULD end on an offensive penalty, the game ended and the Ravens won. I believe the rules have been changed since.
Ain't no rule says a dog can't play basketball!
"According to Bob Miller’s Autobiography about his time on the Kings, that rule about the goalie stick across the empty net was actually the idea of Roger’s wife. 
So a wife of a coach is credited with a rule in the rule book."
67 days since the last Chart Party 😡😡
neat.
Another idea for a hockey-based video: You could talk about the Brodeur rule, implemented first in the NHL and AHL solely because the greatest goalie of all time was too good at handling the puck.
This has gotta be my favourite video yet!
One of the better episodes of weird rules
Third
First
Senconf
