this video makes me cry
Wow
Bring back the nordiques
Let’s Go Blues!
The original six right there
My boya the bruins are the 4th team ever jeez
VGK baby.   go knights go.
No Vancouver millionaires
They’ll have to update this in 2020 for Seattle
This is perfect
RIP Whalers
Bring NHL to Seattle
Hey didn't Seattle win in 1917
Did I miss the buff a slug!? Noooooo!
I don't know why, but I always thought that Anaheim was up north for some reason.
OMG I didn’t Know that St. Louis use to be the eagles!
Hartford has the most creative logo and best jerseys of all time dont @ me
There's pretty much only one more spot, so that there's 32 teams. Comment where that franchise should settle.
Hopefully the Golden knights stick around, I like them
HAPPY 100TH ANNIVERSARY!!! WE LOVE AND SUPPORT YOU!!!!!
So nice !
imagine newfoundland getting a team that would be SICK
Mexican team?
There needs To be 4 more teams, The Houston Voyagers (I know that name came from madden),  Quebec Nordiques (Again), the Mexico City Aztecs, and  Seattle Monarchs
tampa bay lightning had 3 logos not 2
Vote in reply... would you rather have Seattle team houston team or Quebec City team?
"New team in Seattle
Coyotes,panthers,hurricanes move to Milwaukee, Canadian City,Houston or any other city that can support a team"
Sucks cause I wish Georgia kept a hockey team
1993 = Peak
I wonder when the NHL will expand into Wisconsin? Make for an interesting centeral division
How many teams did Toronto need in 1917.  37 for good measure?
Seattle 2020
Too bad the modern NHL Is soft, unwatchable
Seattle Mets?
Who’s dumb idea was to move Hartford Quebec City and Minnesota
I love the music
the red wings have used their logo for 70 years jesus
Hartfold wants their team back
This made me cry
Their fan base is HORRRIBLE the strongest fan base is probably Vegas or Tampa
Columbus dosent need a team
"ARIZONA PARTY COYOTES LOGO
HATE THE TEAM
MISS THE LOGO"
I'm not American, never lived there, not even that(although I'm now getting interested) fond with Ice Hockey but I had a jacket with a logo I recognized in this video, it's the Philadelphia Flyers! It's from my childhood when even though I probably didn't know about NHL at the time, I find this interesting. PS. I live in Dubai, always have.
What's music?
Whats this editor?
"It might be out there, but what about a 36 team league with new teams in;
Seattle,
Cleveland,
Quebec City,
Hartford,
And Hamilton."
Seeing the Whalers move to Carolina made me really sad.
Im just here waiting for Quebec Nordiques so I can have a team to support. I had Nordiques jersey when I was a kid in Finland.
"1917: The National Hockey League is founded, and only four teams exist: The Toronto Arenas, Ottawa Senators, Montreal Wanderers, and the Montreal Canadiens.
1918: The Montreal Wanderers become defunct, leaving only 3 teams.
1919: The Quebec Bulldogs joins the NHL. The Toronto Arenas are rebranded as the Toronto St.Pats.
1920: The Quebec Bulldogs relocate to Hamilton, and become the Hamilton Tigers.
1924: The Montreal Maroons and the Boston Bruins join the NHL.
1925: The Pittsburgh Pirates and the New York Americans join the NHL (with players bought from the Hamilton Tigers, which became defunct in the same year).
1926: The Chicago Black Hawks, Detroit Cougars, and New York Rangers join the NHL.
1927: The Toronto St.Pats renames their team the Toronto Maple Leafs.
1930: The Pittsburgh Pirates relocate to Philadelphia and become the Philadelphia Quakers. Detroit renames their team the Detroit Falcons.
1931: The Philadelphia Quakers become defunct.
1932: The Detroit Falcons are rebranded as the Detroit Red Wings.
1934: The Ottawa Senators relocate to St. Louis, and become the St.Louis Eagles.
1935: The St. Louis Eagles become defunct.
1938: The Montreal Maroons become defunct.
1941: The New York Americans are renamed the Brooklyn Americans.
1942: The Brooklyn Americans become defunct.
1967: Six new expansion teams are added to the NHL: the Philadelphia Flyers, Pittsburgh Penguins, Minnesota North Stars, St. Louis Blues, Los Angeles Kings, and the Oakland/California Seals.
1970: The Vancouver Canucks, and the Buffalo Sabres join the NHL. The Oakland Seals become the California Golden Seals.
1972: The Atlanta Flames and the New York Islanders join the NHL.
1974: The Kansas City Scouts, and the Washington Capitals are added into the NHL.
1976: The California Golden Seals move to Cleveland, and become the Cleveland Barons. Kansas City’s hockey team leaves to Colorado to become the Colorado Rockies.
1978: The Cleveland Barons merge with the Minnesota North Stars.
1979: Four teams from the former hockey league, WHA join the NHL; they include the Edmonton Oilers, Winnipeg Jets, Quebec Nordiques, and the Hartford Whalers.
1980: The Atlanta Flames move to Calgary and become the Calgary Flames.
1982: The Colorado Rockies leave Colorado to become the New Jersey Devils. The Chicago Black Hawks make a minor change to their name and rename it to the Chicago Blackhawks.
1991: The San Jose Sharks join the NHL.
1992: The Ottawa Senators, and the Tampa Bay Lightning are added to the NHL.
1993: The Minnesota North Stars moving to Dallas to become the Dallas Stars. The Mighty Ducks of Anaheim, and the Florida Panthers are added to NHL.
1995: The Quebec Nordiques leave to Colorado and become the Colorado Avalanche.
1996: The Winnipeg Jets fly (no pun intended) to Phoenix, and become the Phoenix Coyotes.
1997: The Hartford Whalers leave to Carolina to become the Carolina Hurricanes.
1998: The Nashville Predators join the NHL.
1999: Atlanta is awarded a new NHL hockey team: the Atlanta Thrashers.
2000: The Minnesota Wild, and the Columbus Blue Jackets become the two latest additions to the NHL.
2006(not pictured): When Disney sells their team, the Mighty Ducks of Anaheim simply become the Anaheim Ducks.
2011: The Atlanta Thrashers move to Winnipeg, becoming a new reincarnation of the Winnipeg Jets.
2014(not pictured): The Phoenix Coyotes are renamed the Arizona Coyotes.
2017: Vegas gains their own NHL team: The Vegas Golden Knights. Currently, there are 31 teams in the NHL."
I want Houston a hockey team
I want Houston a hockey
"Places that need teams
10. Georgia
9. Atlanta
8. Tennessee 
7. Iowa
6. Illinois
5. Arkansas
4. Hartford
3. Saskatoon
2. San Francisco
1. Seattle"
this is something
Forgot a team the Seattle metropolis
"I wasn’t even born when the Nordiques relocated and even I want them back
Edit: Same with the Whalers"
I think if there would be another expansion team, it should be one of the teams that closed around the Great Depression
2:09 that Gorton’s Fisherman logo, though xD
What’s that black thing to the left of the screen in some clips??
Heard Bettman want's a franchise on the Moon next.
When i first watch this video i figured this video is about the 100th anniversary of the NHL and go Sharks
great video moving way to fast for me tho
Thank you
Need more Canadian teams
What was the music used?
This video is AMAZING!
OMG I CAN'T BELIEVE THAT YOU FORGOT THE QUEBEC NORDICS
Houston needs a NHL Team . Team named Houston Aeros
awesome!
"Urgh! I’m so mad! Bettman is the worse! Move the ________(choose one: Florida Panthers, Carolina Hurricanes, Arizona Coyotes) to ________(choose one: Québec city, Hartford Connecticut, Oklahoma City)




I’M TRIGGERED!"
I think they made a mistake with the Ducks logo, they changed their logo in 2006 and 2013, not 2011.
Did this get updated? Last time I watched this video the golden knights weren't created yet.
I miss the slug
No real growth after WWII (as there was post WWI), but then in 1967 hockey seems to explode.  What are the conditions that made that happen?
Hi
Whose idea was it to put an ice hockey team in Las Vegas, in the state of Nevada where there is miles of desert?
Coming soon in 2020, Quebec Nordiques replace the Colorado Avalanche. Or, Seattle replace Carolina Hurricanes. Those 2 teams, NEED TO BE GONE.
Rip Whalers
Got chills when I saw Vegas
Great job!
Excellent.
Vegas #1
Is it wrong to like to hockey teams? Figure this is the best place to ask
Go Avalanche!!!!!
Will you guys make another once it's been confirmed that Seattle gets a team and settled logo?
seattle and portland > others
You forgot the Kenora Thistles. They won the Stanley Cup in 1907
Go golden knights
Golden nights  are gonna win the Stanley cup
That was some sweet graphic work!!! Props to the NHL team....
Here come Seattle
How the franchises can move to another state or country ? don't they belong to the city where they are? Actually i find it shame sorry.
42-67 - 25 years of amazing rivalries.
Seattle would be lit for a new team.
Kudos to the NHL for making this cool video. Many fans are still bitter over some of the team moves (Nordiques, Whalers, Jets, North Stars) and some pro leagues would just whitewash this part of their past. It may be too honest about NHL history. I think every hockey fan would like to pretend the Buffaslug never happened.
Who disliked this video
Screw Norm Greene for ripping our team away from us! Bring back our North Stars!! It’s ridiculous how you someone can have the guts to rip a team away from such an amazing state! #Stateofhockey #Wearethetruenorth
Hockey actually started at 1894... Great eh?!
Good video!
Thank You Fans for all of the years of NHL
Any ducks fans watching?
I miss the Kansas City Scouts.
Montreal Canadiens😍
I didn't know that the devil's used to be in Colorado
#BringBackNordiques
What happen to the original 6?
LETS GO PENS FOR 2018-2019
Do AHL and Echl expansion
U may have to update on 2019 if the Seattle rumors r true
Capitals logo I think went back to the one today a bit earlier
what a great story.. Canadian and American working together, Seattle is about to join the club =D
wonder some move around like phoenix
Ive been a lifelong maroons fan, we’re dying for out team back !
I cry every time
Beautiful ending... Go Knights Go
hey man
That fan centennial was in Pittsburgh when I went to flyers vs pens stadium series in 2017!
Ridiculous Wisconsin has no team
unreal
The habs stayed all the time
This is still cool to watch!
Bring Atlanta a team again PLEASE!
Minnesota Wild's logo never changed lol
i hate predators its scary
the old logos
bringing back...
why not you commment on me
00:12 losed out
:)
red wings :)
rip trashers 1999 2011
nope quebec nordiques is in bhl
This is. Extremely COOOL
GO CAPS
I love this music! What is it? I couldn't find it anywhere in the description or comments.
e x p a n d  l e a g u e
If you pause the video at 2:02 and look closely, you can actually see my 13 year-old heart breaking.
Great video..I really enjoyed this🤘🤘
great video
2020 Seattle! Let’s go!
It is beatiful to see how NHL was born
Stupid
Love how Philly kept their logo pretty much the same
Did you notice that on 0:25 of the video , look in PA.The Pirates are a MLB team since 1887
I love hockey and I love this video THX for making this!!!
Best team ever the one in the windy city.  Go Hawks
What did you make this with
Proof the "Original Six" is a myth.
3:10 who had the guts to make such a big logo change
As an NHL fan from Europe I never understood how you Canadian and American fans put up with teams being moved all over the country. If my local team which I supported for many many years suddenly moved to the other side of the country and took on a new name I'd be majorly pissed off...
As a devils fan I think they should move the flames out of Calgary and move them to Atlanta
What about the Seattle team that won the cup in 1917? Or don't you count them?
Well this season there probably happy that happened their old franchise which is now the Arizona Coyotes stunk this season the new team that they moved from Atlanta to Winnipeg has a shot at the Stanley Cup still. Wound up being a blessing in disguise.
Couldn't they redo this video but with the WHA teams included?
So dope
Rip thrashers
In a Nutshell music XD
Nice great work thanks very informative
Huge empty space North west , hoping for Seattle team soon
Come back WHALERS !!!!
Am I the only one who wished they stuck with the 1992’s penguins logo?
What's the music?
Toronto since day 1
That’s a lot of changes there, eh
Someone needs to make one of these for the NFL!
Great video
Nice
Great just Great
Where the hell is New Brunswick,  Prince Edward Island and Nova Scotia on that map?
Didnt know that the Red Wings wernt always valled Red Wings nice
Let's get a team in utah or oregon
Where’s the Seattle metropolitans
Come to Indianapolis, we’d love an NHL team!
So the 'Original Six' is really the 'Original One'?
Flyers was the only logo that never changed
This is an interesting video. Hard to follow because of all that damn franchise relocation but I love it none the less.
I know this is old, but I just wanted to point out that the Anaheim Ducks changed their logo in 2007, not 2011 like the video shows
So I guess Vancouver is due for a new logo soon.
Seattle before Quebec City....the love of money over hockey...I get the business aspect but in the same time it is ludacris behavior from NHL management to keep sinking teams in struggling markets over a devoted fan base.
AWESOME. 😋
I love this video. Born in Austin TX, but strangely I liked the Minnesota North Stars even before they moved to Dallas TX.
God I love this sport
"I was born in 1996 in August. We moved from Canada in 2011 to Michigan. The Jets always start to lose when I walk in the room. I think I am a curse. I feel like I need to banish myself and go live in the dessert of arizona. 
Despite all that I feel extremely lucky. I got chills when it showed the thrashers move to Winnipeg because I could finally be alive simultaneously with the jets. Not to mention the moose are back too, and I have always cheered for them. We are doing amazing this year in both leagues and we have done amazing this year, not to mention that I live in grand rapids where the Moose have a playoff series against the Griffins! This is an awesome time to be alive for me. It does make me sad to see how much money in the American market influences where teams go but at least Winnipeg got lucky enough to get nhl again. We have awesome fans and I'm glad we are willing to drop cash seconds after ticket sales are available and sell out instantly. We love our team and will continue to show support for the nhl with our wallets, because that is what it takes to keep a team in the end."
}3 bring back the whalers!
The music made me cry lol
The original Winnipeg Jets '79. Classic.
Cool video
Song name?
Alright sooo.... whos idea was it to relocate the Minnesota North Stars to Dallas because it is dosent fit in Dallas
Rip minnesota north stars
Bring back Hamilton
This video needs more views
I miss my North Stars :(
Detroit❤️❤️
Leafs!!!!
"love it
#NHLhistory"
Bruins and Canadiens stayed true from the beginning
I can’t wait for the nhl to finally expand to Toronto.
That's cool
"1917: purely located in the south-east of canada

2018: most of the teams are american and no canadian team has won the cup for nearly 25 years (even teams located in california and florida won a few)"
Thumbs up if the best part was the mighty ducks becoming the ducks
Nice vidjayo, I'd love to see who won the cups during all those years
low key fav part of video is music
Song?
I got an idea team name: Seattle Grizzlies
Poor Atlanta
"I’m so mad about them moving the Minnesota North Stars to Dallas.











Also the music tho...
So GOOD!"
For some reason I always get chills when I watch this video
can we please put a team back in Atlanta and leave it there
Wisconsin needs a team
HAMILTON USED TO HAVE A TEAM?????
I've watched this 20 times trying to get all this info in my brain hole, (I love hockey,😁)
the importance of transportation
"Wich team do you want back? Quebec for me.
Quebec Nordiques
California Golden Seals
Artford Whalers
Atlanta Trashers
Minesota North Stars"
Anyone notice how Alberta is upside down?
Knights has 1 history
If you hate the NHL then that's person is stupid
Call me an idiot but I only just realized that the Minnesota Wild logo is in the shape of a wolf. Whoa..
I hope the nordiques return
THe Vegas Golden Knights is my new favorite hockey team to watch now, good luck in the playoffs
Never forgive the North Stars
Only thing missing is marking the nhl champion each year, that would have been awesome
Cooooooooool
2:10 DID U SEE THAT UGLY LOGO
i love this video
#100nhl
When does Hamilton get their team back?
that black and white black hawks though. omg im hard af
that whalers move still pisses me off to no end even after 20 years
They mist Saskatoon blues
Please give atlanta another team. So it can be moved again to quebec lol
Damn if Saskatchewan somehow got a team that’d be insane
Surprised Seattle never had a team..
Uh, where were the Vancouver millionaires?
"NHL Logic: Lets Whalers move from Hartford to the South.

Same NHL:  Trips over themselves, foaming at the mouth to keep Coyotes in Arizona."
I want the 1920 Hamilton tigers logo on a hoodie or something. One of my favorite logos of all time.
This USA stupid video
Im pretty sure michigan is the only state where its sports teams have never left the state, and are all downtown now
"This expansion business isn’t right. California? Florida? Carolina? Cmon. I want everybody to make their bucks and I know this is a business but it feels like pure commercial exploitation.

If you want more teams fine, I like that more kids can get a shot at the big leagues, but you can’t put it in places where there’s no hockey culture. This isn’t a McDonald’s franchise."
wow it only took colorado 6 years to win a stanley cup
2:16 bastards....
What is that little black area near all of the Californian teams? Also I think Seattle should get the next team
Wow
The oilers were not created in1970
"now the the million dollar question is
who's next to join the NHL"
Quite unfortunate! that hockey today has been completely spoiled by the NHL monopoly money and markets. They should have keep the WHA organization.Too many teams today, they could create two leagues of around 17 teams instead of almost 34 teams.It would be really interesting to see at  the end of a season a real battle between the NFL-WHA two associations.  I hope this idea will come back again and that teams in cities like  Kansas City, Quebec, Fort Lauderdale Panthers, Phoenix, Las Vegas, Ottawa, Islanders, Hamilton, Columbus, Seattle, Anaheim, Winnipeg, Minnesota, Buffalo, Washington, Calgary, Nashville would leave the NHL for this new hockey association. And also bring a complete review of salary mass and drafts methodology.
2:58 rip my childhood
Any VGK fans?
See there is no original six lol
I love this video sm💙💙💙#goleafsgo💙💙💙💙💙💙
lol this vid is great but it will be outdated in 2-4 years when nil expands to Seattle/Quebec
Go maroons lol
Where are the capitals
Beautiful video history. Thanks NHL!
The New Jersey Devils :)
Who’s stupid idea was it to move one of the ONLY Connecticut sport teams to CAROLINA!!!
So it took until the 70s for Ohio to have a team only to have it stripped from them, and then it took until 2000 for a permanent team to be in Ohio, and then they choke every chance they get.
Houston will be next.
Its so cool to see how the nhl has evolved over the years. LETS GO RANGERS
If none of the teams moved or left. We would have 53 total teams..
Houston Aeros will be next
I feel like an episode of Game of Thrones is about to start when I’m watching this
That was awesome
They should do that for the NBA, NFL, MLB, and MLS
In 1917 the most NHL teams  were mostly Toronto
Uhhh you forgot the Seattle Metropolitans
So beautiful 😢😍 Question though -- why is it that when I try to share this on FB it comes up as "incomplete"?
Stop 👏🏻 putting 👏🏻 hockey 👏🏻 teams👏🏻 in 👏🏻 places👏🏻 where 👏🏻 nobody 👏🏻 likes 👏🏻 hockey 👏🏻
Never seizes to amaze me that Americans put ICE hockey teams in the deserts.
All of the 90s Logos were the best... Sabres, Mighty Ducks, Penguins, Yotes.
What a cool video!!
Song
Can I just mention that in 1993 I believe. Disney bought a expansion team just to have a hockey team named after a hockey movie they made two years earlier. @anahiemducks.
You guys forgot the #halifaxhighlanders
90’s pens logo was the best
RIP St.Louis red eagles only 1 year in history
I had the playback speed at .25 and it was much better. Thank you for this video, what history!
#Seattleexpansion
I wish NHL in Atlanta was still a thing. Boo
Happy 100th Anniversary, NHL.
YAH NASHVILLE PREDATORS
i wish all of the teams back then stayed and are still here today
Vegas?
came back to watch this awesome video. anyone know what that music is? sounds like it'd be great to work out to.
161 people live in Quebec City or Seattle
2:03 My least favorite part I don’t like the Dallas Stars, but I did like the mn north stars, but man I do like 2:49
oilers never changed😂
This was extremely sick
Wait, Ducks and others changed their logo twice in the same year, and Detroit never since 20s
Seattle soon?
Awesome
Where’s the flyers?
So stupid how a team can move location completely or change heir whole identity. Gets rid of the heritage.
Jackson
I would be more into hockey if Milwaukee actually had a team.
To be honest the NHL should bring a lot more Canadian teams and get some American teams away like (Arizona, New York Islanders etc..) but they should put in some cities like (Orangville😂😂if possible, Quebec , Halifax, Manitoba..)
So much i didint know.Now imma just wait for new teams
1:59 Bettman starts
Caps should change their logo
It was so chilling to see the Thrashers logo move from slow to fast up to Winnipeg with that music in the background... probably because it was my first relocation when I was a fan of Hockey and actually born lol
Were the shraks good back then
R.I.P OAKLAND SEALS 1976-1979
st. Louis eagles!
i cant believe that the ATL thrashers were still around in 2011
When the Montreal Canadiens have outlasted the Soviet union
"For those of you who have not heard. The Islanders are staying in the NYC metro area and moving back to Long Island at the landmark Belmont Park racetrack by around thr 2021-'22 season. Here link to prove it.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-dLiQZK8ItM&lc=z225utjqpmaldd33qacdp4352btqnsnzbvzund1gnixw03c010c.1515273474372288


Thus sorry for places like Hartford, Quebec City, Kansas City, Houston and the Pacific Northwest (Seattle or Portland.)Thus only chance in near future i.e next 5-10 years is to get the next expansion or a struggling team i.e Carolina or the South Fla. Panthers."
Feels like a strategy game. The ancient civilization of the St-Lawrence river conquering the then known world.
Awesome video!  I love the history in the sport of hockey.  Seeing all the logo changes through the years is neat too! Well done!!
Right now, if I was the GM, I would move The Coyotes to Seattle. Move the Hurricanes to either Quebec City or back to Hartford. Then expand to Kansas City and bring back the Scouts!
I don't know if it's just me but I don't think the Washington Capitals are in there
San José sharks cade os br porra
Why is the first 6 B, n, m, t, c, d,  when Ottawa had a team before them
2:35 wow the nhl acknowledged the existence of the thrashers. This should go up in the rafters along with "2007 division champions" and "Not being last in attendance in 2004"
Les nordiques de Quebec :(
Amazing video
This is actually kind of sad
Loved it great more can you guys do more?
Very cool
Mighty Ducks>>>>>>>>>Ducks. Facts only. Also, relocate the Coyotes to Halifax, the Hurricanes to Quebec City and the Panthers to Regina.
Wher’s the rest of the world
Very nice video
"Possible places for NHL teams (my opinion):
-Seattle
-Hartford
-Quebec
-"
BRING BACK THE QUEBEC NORDIQUES
Detroit had the same logo since 1967
Where’s my fellow hubs fans eh? #canadian
#GoKnightsGo !
epic video like
My good ol’ bruins staying the same throughout the years! Amazing!
YEAH! VEGAS HAS THE LOUDEST ARENA, AND FOR OUR FIRST YEAR, WE WERE TOUGH!
My friends grandpa is the buffalo sabres announcer
"thanks for making this. please make more like it. 👏👏👏👍
#historyofNHL #NHLhistory"
Who got dumped in exchange for vegas
Whats gotta happen in nhl un 2018?
Well done
2025 please welcome the Seattle unkown to the NHL
Man, vancouver got hosed on traveling til like the 80's lol
......Seattle Metropolitans.......first Stanley cup winners
Bettman more like Buttman get it...
"Carolina to Quebec 
Florida to Connecticut 
Arizona to Seattle 
Maybe I’ll start watching this shitshow of league again"
Very cool video. Spotted a mistake though. The ducks changed name in 2006, not 2011. Other than that, it's cool to see all the changes including logo changes. A few Montreal logo changes were missed, but mostly spot on.
1 more team to go and then 32. I think it will be in Seattle, but I think it should be in Canada. They need more teams over there.
I miss my Whalers
The admirals?
What's the song?
Way too many teams. Most rinks half empty, TV ratings low, so many marginal players, so little scoring now. 16 teams would be plenty.
lol who i nthe world would move the jets to hot dry land arizona?!
Give then a nhl team for seattle
Notice the expansion in the 60's to the west coast , probably only made possible because of the fact of affordable air travel , so the Aviation industry definitely had a major factor in any expansion of any sport at that time.  what an amazing time to be a witness too. wish I was there...
Anyone watching in fall 2017
Colorado Avalanche best logo in hockey!
Let's put a team in Houston they are all set and ready to go all they need is the unis a name and a fanbase let's go Houston
Very nicely done ..and great music to go with it.
Dope Video
NHL I've got an 2019 expansion team name it's called The Houston Eagles (I hope you read this comment)
bring back the hamilton tigers to the nhl
Why did the First Jets move to Arizona... but then the Jets come back different!? Retired Numbers ever have a thought?! Gary Bettman... the man of this... why... "MONEY!! Hockey? Dunno what that is." NO OFFENSE NHL! :)
Incredible video
y’all gonna have to make another one for Houston smh
The Dallas sta s didn't change their logo until 2013 not 2014
Still hard to believe that Atlanta moved to Winnipeg in 2011 I feel like that’s not that long ago
I mean, that’s not where the panthers are, but still a really good video. Impressive work.
"1996 🙁
2011 😃"
Best part 1:58
I’m a Bruins fan, but I think Seattle’s team should be the Sea Lions (if they have one)!
This was so hard to follow I had to keep pausing and rewinding to c all of the teams but it was still pretty cool seeing all the old teams
Houston is going to be added on to this soon
Video was sick
if anything . by 2020 or 2025. it should be . Carolina Hurricanes move to Houstan to became the Houston Hurricanes . LOL or Houstan Aeros.  then move Florida panthers to Quebec City to become the Quebec city nordiques . next .  add the Hartford Whalers back as a expansion .  which will balance the divisions. Then later on. Move Arizona to Seattle to become the Seattle Emeralds.. keep it balanced. then if any expansion teams came into the fold. Milwaukee if anything so they can become rivals with Minnesota .  Portland , Oregon.. or San Francisco to become rivals with San Jose. like ducks and kings.  Kansas City / Hamilton Ontario or Salt Lake City or Providence though they will need a better arena in providence.
Quite the video
Gotta love living in Wisconsin being a die hard hockey fan
Do you think if universal basic income becomes a thing, we will someday see a World Hockey League (WHL) and the NHL will be a farm league?
Where’s Washington at?
lets go lightning 2017-2018
2017 Vegas Golden knights
Why is the music so dramatic? what is this inception?
Need a Team in Saskatchewan🌾🚜🚨🏒
You forgot the Victoria Cougars
Who misses the thrashers?
Carolina Hurricanes <3
original 6 baby
Next few years it's Quebec or Seattle but should Quebec deserves one especially when we need another Canadian team to contend.
Who else noticed the fact that they skipped on of tampas logos?
Vegas Golden Knights is a surprising team in long winning streak before Dansk got injured.
Thrashers :(
The music is very Gravity Falls like. Go Blues!
Next expansions: Omaha, New Mexico, Hawaii, Cairo.
actually the Colorado Avalanche were founded in 1972 and joined the franchise is 1979 and were originally the Quebec Nordiques
Hawks were original 6
Funny how a lot of these teams became other sports teams like the Rockies and the tigers in the mlb and CFL
I love Canada my country everyone here has to love hockey it's so fun
The music fits along with the video. And when they finally put the golden knights there, I went "ahh"
Rangers Is best
1991, my team is born :D #sharksforlife
I Liked The Old Thrashers Logo
bring back Quebec Nordiques, Whalers and the old Anaheim Ducks logo
2:09 sad moment ;(
Wow what a great league and needs more attention than basketball and football
Change the name of the colorado avalanche to the Colorado ROCKIES!!!
Now there should be Golden knights
But this video is incredible.
Would've been cool of you moved the islanders from long island to Brooklyn.
It was not even the origanal 6 at the beginning
Oakland Seals!  Hey NHL!  I know you want another western team and the Oracle Arena is perfect.  It's pretty modern and NHL has grown quite well over the last few decades in the Bay Area.  Good rivalry for San Jose Sharks too!  I know there are plenty of options for team #32, but please consider bringing back the Oakland Seals (perhaps Golden State Seals?) while you evaluate. :D
cool
anyone watching this after the las vegas golden knights?
GO BOLTS
For anyone that thought it went too fast, it was great at 1/4 speed using YouTube settings...  Some of the logo changes didn't actually LOOK much like changes but some were very cool to see.
The Milwaukee Admirals would be a cool team to add.  They would give the Blackhawks and Wild a nearby rival.
love those 70's logos
Predators the one logo that never changed
I MISS FLUERY
So awesome! Just wish it was a little slower
bring back the thrashers
NHL I have  a question how did I'm a leafs fan how did they make the original 6
0:46 good lord... 30 years with 6 teams?! That's cool but it must have been boring
I wanna die every time 2:10
RIP Atlanta Thrashers
Philadelphia Quakers?  Really?  That is the least intimidating name for a hockey team.
Arizona team? Might as well add a team in the Northwest Territories or Yukon while your at it
that was cool
#teamsforalaska
I think they missed the 2017-18 Quebec Nordiques expansion team
I would to see Seattle as of 32nd team in the NHL team. Maybe they are discussing of adding two more teams to 34 teams in the NHL. Hartford Whalers and Quebec Nordiques back in the NHL teams as of 33rd and 34th teams. Move the Detroit Red Wings from the Atlantic Division of the Eastern Conference to the Central Division of the Western Conference. This will balance of 17 teams in each Conferences. Connecticut has 1,000 people per square mile.
Why only add one more team?
GO SHARKS EST 1991 BOI
🙏caps just one cup. I wanna die happy
I can't believe the Ottawa Senators were actually one of the four original teams! Sad that they had to leave :(
Why is this so emotional
cool
I hear only this out of adding or relocating teams: BLAH BLAH NO DESERT BLAH QUEBEC hARTFORD BlAHAbFJAefbJf
I know a lot of history even before the NHL but to put into one video is amazing.
I love this song can anyone link me to the actual song on YouTube or something.
And Milwaukee Still doesn’t have a team😭
HARTFORD WHALERS like it you agree
Rest in peace Quebec Nordiques, Hartford Whalers and Atlanta Thrashers
Amazing video. Absolutely loved how they showed the logo changes, and I like how some teams logos either barley changed or not at all (Detroit, Montreal, Sharks). Very enjoyable video. Can't wait to see what the Knights will do this year. Go Habs Go!
Ramener le Nordiques ! / Bring back the Nordiques !
I typed a 80 page paper on every hockey team from 1887-Future.
"Just a few things I'd like to note

While they got the end of Cleveland correct, they merged into the North Stars, wasn't the founding of San Jose a split from Minnesota

Also, the rebranding of Mighty Ducks of Anaheim happened way before 2011, they became the Anaheim Ducks in 2007, as they won the Stanley Cup while being just the ""Ducks"""
2:16 I cried
if the nhl can do it the other luages can do it
This is one of the coolest videos I've ever seen
#Bringbackthewhalers There was a big rivalry between the Whalers and Bruins that always sold tickets in Hartford along with the Rangers. There's close to 200,000 avid NHL fans in the Hartford-New Haven area, similar to markets like Columbus, Raleigh, Nashville, Miami, and Vegas. Hartford-New Haven is the largest market without a big four franchise (nearly had one but the Pats scammed us). The close proximity to both New York and Boston means those rivalries have a chance to be rekindled. There's talks about the Islanders leaving New York. They have to compete with the Rangers, Devils, Nets, Knicks, Giants, Jets, Yankees, and Mets for airtime in New York. But in Hartford they only have to compete with the Bruins, Yankees, Mets, and Red Sox plus any football game on national television (as someone who lives in New England near New York, I can tell you that it costs money to get MSG network). Believe me when I say this, there is still a MASSIVE group who wants to bring back the Whalers.
this was awesome
🏒🥅🚨
This is the most erotic video I've ever witnessed in my life
huh
"Suggestions: Move Knights to Seattle. Move Coyotes to Oregon. Move Hurricanes to Hartford. Move Lightning to Quebec. Move Panthers to Wisconsin. 
Oh and STOP EXPANDING TO PLACES WHERE THERE'S NO ICE OR ARE SHITTY PLACES FOR SPORTS TEAMS!!!"
the chill
The original Jets' logo is still one of, if not, the greatest in the NHL.
1:59 Gary Bettman destroys the NHL
Nice vid, but I like baseball better lol but still love Blackhawks
Let´s be honest it´s going to be 32 teams by the end of 2017-2018 season.
crazy to believe that the nhl was a tiny league with only 4 teams
Canada' needs more teams!:D
Mighty ducks or old school  coyotes? Who's jersey would you buy
#bringnhltoseattle
This must be one of the visually most confusing representations i have seen. A very bad job, hire some professionals next time.
Man bring back the Thrashers, but keep the Jets this time. I live in Cali and my team are the Sharks but man where the Thrashers where a great team to watch was quite the surprise when the moved back to Winnipeg
I was Awed with the first couple of decades then when 1967 Hit I was like WHOA!!! O_O
WE NEED MORE CANADIAN TEAMS!!!!
Whalers. Come back.
This was so cool If you agree like this comment
Bring Back Norduqies & Whalers.
Cool but too fast
Song pls
2:01 is the best moment, as that logo moves down from Minnesota to Texas!
The Caps changed to their now current logo in 2007, not 2011
Beautiful to see the camera freeze for an extra second on the original 6 at the beginning
This was really well done.
Nice vid
NHL Can you bring a team to Delaware,Bethlehem and BRING BACK THE THRASHERS PLEASEEEEEEE!
Nice!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Since 1917 montreal canadiens
Imagine if the golden knights won it all the first year
"Coyotes to Seattle
Panthers to Quebec city
Hurricanes back to Hartford
(MAYBE)Stars to either Milwaukie or Kansas city
(MAYBE)Golden Knights to Hamilton
(MAYBE)Islanders to Halifax"
How the hell does Wisconsin still not have a team?
Fun video
The Hartford whalers ;(
Columbus needs to become Hamilton tigers and one of the Florida teams needs to become Quebec nordiques and vegas needs to dissolve.
Only constant thing in the NHL from the start is the Montreal Canadiens!
Hartford Whalers, one of the best looking hockey jerseys
Give Cleveland a team!!!
R.I.P. Nordics,I hope they come back
I wish we had a team in Oregon, but we only have an NBA team 😣
This is amazing and very interesting to watch thank you for putting this together
Great video
Still waiting for the Canucks to win a Stanley cup
I love the NHL & I believe it's the 2nd best managed sports league in North America. But I absolutely HATE how they have teams in the south & in the desert, doesn't make sense to me.
What about the Vancouver Millionaires???
One of the coolest videos on YouTube. Well done.
Quebec City should have a NHL team! It's bizarre that they do not have one. Also, the Hartford Whalers logo is the most interesting NHL logo. At first glance, it looks like a "W" with a whale fluke on top, but if you look closer, there's a "H" for Hartford there. A lot of folks notice the "W" and the fluke but not the "H"
Cmon bring basketball and hockey to Seattle 😡
0:59
"so...
 Anaheim is below San Jose thanks."
#BringBackTheWhalers
seattle >
still no team in washington?
notice how there is a lack of teams on the north-west side. There needs to be teams in portland, seattle, kansas and maybe even regina
I was kind of sad when the Whalers, North Stars and Nordiques folded. Those were great hockey club names, and the names that were coming in like Mighty Ducks (after a Disney movie), Coyotes, and Panthers just never sat well with me as far as a Hockey club name.  This was such a fun video. Thank you for the effort!
2:50 my local team is created
You forgot the 2018 Quebec Nordiques ;P
Why would we put hockey in vegas but not Seattle Cleveland or Wisconsin
You didnt need to expand to Vegas. You already have enough teams struggling with attendence and then you put a team in a city with no link to hockey and nearly no link to professional sports.
please move vegas or carolina to Quebec
Hey I play for the Cleveland Barons!!! Lol select hockey
волшебное видео!
bring back Quebec
I cried when the whalers moved #bringbackthewhalers
very cool and i am not even a hockey fan
This is mesmerizing.  Still not sure why the Atlantic Provinces aren't part of the video though. :P
gotta love the black and red of the 90s- slug was good to- florida to hartford - coyotes to Seattle- expand to quebec
Weren't the Oakland Seals originally called the California Seals (not "California Golden Seals" - that name was after Oakland, when Charles O. Finley bought the team)?
Saskatchewan needs an NHL team. Saskatoon could easily have an NHL team based in it. The Saskatchewan Rush (National Lacrosse League) and The Saskatchewan Riders (based in Regina, CFL) games are always nearly sold out, or sold out. Saskatchewan is full of people that love sports, and people that could easily support an NHL team.
Why does the new Florida panthers logo look like a soccer logo
best video ever!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
You put Ottawa on the edge of USA not in canada
Sub to me and I'll sub back!
Kewl.. so the jets relocated then came back
A little more change is needed. Arizona becomes Nordiques and Florida becomes Whalers. Then everything is complete.
2:11 that moment when all quebec people cry
Just perfect, love the music too!
This is one of my favorite vids ever and I'm an NFL fan
I hope the NFL, MLB, and NBA also do this.
Bring back the Nordiques
who's excited for the Vegas Golden Nights? :)
Bring back the Quebec Nordics by moving Phoenix or Tampa
Love these types of videos.
Love it
They forgot the 2nd gen Lightning logo smh
2018 la knights
Bring back Hartford Whalers and Quebec Nordiques ;-;
"Aftermath:

2020: Quebec Nordiques, Hamilton Huskies, Seattle Sealions, Portland Snowhawks, Saskatchewan Whitetails and Halifax Schooners join

2026: Hartford Whalers, Houston Galaxy, Kansas City Scouts, Cleveland Crusaders, Baltimore Bandits, Cincinnati Tigers, Indianapolis Racers, Milwaukee Grizzlies and New Orleans Rattlers join

2035: San Diego Mariners, Salt Lake City Pioneers and Oklahoma City Cowboys join

2038: Ontario Beavers and Regina Icehawks join

2040: Atlanta Thrashers, California Golden Seals and Birmingham Bulls join"
started in Canada!
How to kill a winter sport in the span of 50 years
Can't Wait To Go See My Sin City's New NHL Team Las Vegas GOLDENKNIGHTS Been Waiting For a team for Vegas since I moved here 16 years ago from L.A
The saddest part by far is when the thrashers moved
Bring back the Thrashers
Great video, but a nice finish would be to showcase the las vegas team
nhl needs more canadian teams!
What a great vid. Awesome seeing teams move rather than just close shop.
Love the music
Wow that was really cool, brought back old memories of the north stars :( wish they would have stayed...
Bruins original logo was so 1940s yellow
Way too fast! I'm dizzy.
Ottawa  Senators is the best
3:24
😓😓😢😢
oilers 1974 not 1979
great video
I hate how Nashville is brand new and they can make it to a Stanley cup and how the caps are like 40 years old and made it to one Stanley cup and got swept
what about the Oklahoma City Barons ( I know that they are disbanded now but they should have been at least on the map when they did play )
From the formation of the NHL to now has been 100 years, and those were some amazing 100 years. Some might say that those 100 years were the best 100 years, that's because hockey is the greatest game known to man.
Bring Qubec or Hartford. Just no more south west or south east teams
Bring Qubec or Hartford. Just no more south west or south east teams
Bring back Qubec
How do you slow it down
Bring back the thrashers!
One of the coolest sports history videos I've seen...EVER!  Spectacular job, especially with the evolving logos!
that was actually very well done. the north stars never should of never left minnesota, whalers should still be there, and Quebec should have thier team back. Come on NHL get it done in Quebec at least I did in my nhl 17 game I moved the hurricanes to Quebec. sell out every game so far haha
Go Kings Go!
Dear NHL, Puck Las Vegas, Bring back the Kansas City Scouts!
I feel like every major league should have a video like this. Great job guys 👍 the NHL has come a long way in 100 years, hopefully you return to Kansas City someday, we miss our Scouts.
now let's get the Seattle Thunderbirds into the league to balance it at 32!
"Original Six
Montreal Canadians New York Rangers Boston Bruins Melpel LefsChicago BlackhawksDetroit RedwingsExpandtion SixMinnesota North Stars Los Angles Kings Oakland Seals Pittsburgh Penguins Philadelphia Flyers St. Louis Blues Expandtion IIVancouver CanucksAntlata FlamesWHA Expandtion Winnipeg Jets Quebec NordicsEdmonton Oilers Hartford Whalers Expandtion IV and Moves Kansas City Scorts Calgary Flames Expandtion V and MovesNew Jersey DevilsNew York Islanders Expandtion VI and Moves Mighty Ducks of Anaheim Dallas Stars Expandtion VIISan Jose Sharks And more"
Wow I always assumed that the original 6 were the first teams.
How to succeed with the golden nights: move them to Quebec
was i the only one that completely forgot about the atlanta thrashers
RIP Seattle Metropolitans
Sad Atlanta has no hockey club
AWESOME it's sad I still have nhl 16 I want nhl 17 so bad
Reason why all these teams moved is due to the arena conditions. I know many of you want to see cities like Hartford and Seattle get franchises, and perhaps the market is there. But you need an arena! That's what the owners care about. Fan experience. So they keep buying tickets. Places like Kansas City, Houston, and Milwaukee have good arenas and will create natural rivalries with the Blues, Stars, and Blackhawks respectively.
RIP Thrashers :(
what's the music
Awesome
kings need to go back to purple and gold
"cool stuff!
anaheim became ducks in 2006"
F I R E  B E T T M A N
Why am I watching this? If I don't know anything bout hockey.
they should have a seatte NHL team beside las vegas
we need more canadian teams, but we have bary gettman in office.
Great job by whomever made this awesome video. I would love to see one made for each of the other major sport leagues (NBA, MLB, NFL, MLS). Fingers Crossed
The Golden Knights begs an important question: Why dies the NHL expanded into markets that don't want hockey, and keep teams in markets that don't care for hockey (Coyotes, Hurricanes, Panthers to name a few), when places like Quebec City, Saskatoon, and Victoria in Canada would all support a franchise well and better?
I wish Atlanta still had a team :( .....
What? There was a Pittsburgh hockey team before the Pens?
3 cities that should have a team. Salt Lake city, Seattle, and Quebec move failing franchises there if expansion isnt a good idea
I still can't believe there is going to be a team in Vegas next year. Would have been nice to bring back the Nordiques or the Whalers. From what I read they had big fan bases, heck even today when I'm out somewhere I occasionally spot a Nordqiues or Whalers hat. Both cities have arenas that are probably capable of holding an NHL franchise. Oh well.
Forgot the NYR Statue of Liberty logo that was my favorite 😓
PENGUINS!!!!!!!!
LET'S GO HARTFORD WHALERS!!!
Great video. Should have been 10 minutes, and explained each move, or expansion.
Ok, the rest of you leagues have some work to do...
didnt know people actually cared about hockey
Made me a bit nauseous but besides that it was gr8
Long live Canada. We need more Canadian teams and one Canadian team need another Stanley Cup. Last time in 1993? It's been too long. And that was us.
all spots leaves need to do these
it would be cool if the seals came back
Props to the Red Wings and Blackhawks logos being virtually unchanged for so long. Talk about commitment! (yes, I know there's others, but none more prominent than those two)
The animation for the whalers logo was sick. Who doesn't want the whalers back?
I almost feel sorry for Atlanta even as a Calgary fan myself they have lost teams twice
Great video
NHL needs a team in Washington state
Don't understand why teams would move. But that's just me, I come from a city that have teams with deep roots.
Wouldn't it be nice if their was promotion / relegation system or not
Do this for the nba
Dump Arizona, bring back nordiques am I right!
One of the worst logo changes in history: Ducks 2011
Feel bad for Atlanta
can't wait until the Vegas knights get sold away after 1 or 2 seasons. bettman, I know all you care about is money but please make decisions that make sense for the sport of hockey. do you wanna be where the nfl is right now? don't think so.
They missed the Vancouver millionaires
that was a very good video
Make Minnesota great again. Bring back the North Stars
I wonder if the 32nd NHL team would be like soon?
I thought Atalanta had a couple teams? hahahahahaha
I wish there was a NHL team in Albuquerque
Search it up on wikipedia
Where's the Houston jets
85 soccer fans disliked
NO HOCKEY TEAM IN MEXICO! THATS RACIST!!!!!!! 😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡
This is so cool
BUFFALO SABRES SABER TOOTH LOGO HELLO NHL
now just the ahl, lol
Bring the scouts back to KC. Thanks
Instead of the golden nights we should have got the whalers or the thrashers back
2:33
There should be a baseball one.
Why did I watch this I don't watch Hockey
Gary Bettman: I have a great idea! Lets expand to places where theirs no snow...
sexy
I need a houston team
I wish the Hurricanes stayed in CT. We got no professional sports teams. Our most relevant team is the Hartford Yard Goats
my how you've grown... And yet the black hawks still take home the Stanley cup.
Since the NHL has an uneven number of teams, I think they should move the Red Wings back to the Central (because they're nowhere near the Atlantic) and revive either the Nordiques or the Whalers.
How does Wisconsin still not have a team?
I thought I knew hockey until this video...seeing the teams that I never knew existed. truly a mind blowing video. good job
This is really cool! It's interesting to see how big this once tiny league has become and where many teams originated before they went where they are now.
Where are the Atlanta thrashers tho
One like= one respect for the Oakland Seals
And the Vegas Knights to continue the story...
Vancouver Millionaires?
bring back quebec city
a Hamilton Toronto rivalry would of been so goood
Great video! GO CAPS!!
cool
Bring NHL to PDX!
I wish the MLB, NFL, and NBA did a video just like this, this was cool.
It's sad how many cities lost their teams.
Oakland Seals!!!
Vegas knights?
Seattle, Quebec City, New Orlands, Atlanta, and Houston should have expansion teams. Toronto should have another team too.
um, someone tell me about the golden knights...
This is just sad..
Ugh, I want the whalers back in Hartford soooooo bad
Quick shoutout to SCREW WINNIPEG
So when are the Whalers coming back?
Great video
It still makes me sad seeing the Whalers gone. They were my team growing up and I cried when they moved to Carolina and it makes me feel even worse seeing how poorly their fan base is doing. I don't really have a favorite current hockey team anymore and I just cheer for the Rangers now because they were the next closest team to where I lived
Pittsburgh pirates NHL?
My team didn't come in till 1992 lol
The San Hose sharks were originally in worcestor
Beautifully done!! I cheered when I saw 1995 Nords change to Avs. Burgundy blood for life! Go Avs!
That, that was beautiful.....😰😰
Seattle should get a team before Vegas...
That was awesome
LOL. Phoenix is all the way down south? I didn't know that. Need to study North America. Always thought it was mid-US. Anyway, great video. Learned a lot.
Holy i learned alot
Houston, Hamilton, Brooklyn, Oakland, Atlanta, Cleavland, Quebec City, Phoenix, San Francisco, and Baltimore would all be good relocating sites
Can we all agree that the old coyotes logo was sick
I love how the flyers logo has never changed
Houston is the fourth largest market in the U.S. and has had success with hockey for decades. Why not give them an NHL franchise? Multiple cups won in different leagues. Some of the greatest of all time played there. Fan base already established. They supported the Aeros for many, many years. Give them back their Aeros. Houston makes more sense than Las Vegas, Quebec, or Seattle. If Florida and California can work, sure as water is wet Houston will work. Huge population, amazing sports city, years of support for hockey with the Aeros, a natural/intense rivalry with Dallas; you will have success there. The Aeros won more championships than any of the other pro sports teams there.
Quebec needs a new team, because I swear that they complain about not having one at least 100 random times a year on the news... So please... End their sufferings and just give them one...
you forgot the Houston Aeroes!
yeah go kings go
I really wish Seattle and Kansas City had a team. Blows my mind they chose Las Vegas. Not saying it won't work out but I see it as a non existing fan base and rather people only going as something to do while they're in Vegas.
This was alarmingly entertaining to watch. Wish every league did this. Hmu if they do
Sounds like the song had a turn signal in the background lol.
Stop putting teams in places where no one likes hockey
What the heck is that black splotch on the map? Am I the first to notice?
NEW TEAM THE GOLDEN KNIGHTS AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH
Good job NHL now add some more teams in thoses empty spaces on the map
I'm still pissed we are the golden knights instead of a creative name. But idc Kings for life!
Made a mistake with Anaheim I'm pretty sure they changed their logo and name in 2006 not 2011
I absolutely love this video
Who are the Vegas golden knights ???
Golden knights?
fucken awesome video
This is awesome. I lovedit
Except for that they were the Alberta Oilers before the Flames moved to Calgary
"The sound in this video is amazing.

Andrea Carri – Ritratti"
As much as I want to see the nordiques get a team again it's not happening Bettman ain't interested. Yah sure the canes,panthers and Arizona have low attendance but sorry to say Houston(Large T.V. Market) is way more likely to get an Nhl team then Quebec.
"Seattle, Portland, Houston, Kansas City, Atlanta or Another Florida Team (Jacksonville followed by Orlando) would be good places for another NHL team

Edit: Forgot about Quebec and Regina"
I loved how you went all the way to 2017
The old sens logo was BADASS
Best sport today
Who else remembers the Thrashers?
Bring back the nordiques
I love this video. It's cool to see all the logo changes and teams moving cities
boooooo the golden knights.
Wow
Poor Canada, we need more teams
I cringed at 2:03
made a few mistakes, like having the penguins and sabres appear before the blackhawkd but it was still good
bring back the Atlanta thrashers
Only missing one : The Quebec Nordiques ;)
I love the animations and that the Golden Knights were included.
"The  best logo in sports turned into a red blob 
#bringbackthewhale"
The Detroit Cougars use to be the Victoria Cougars.
Only good sport in America, from a fellow Swede :D
dallas and tampa should be the only southern teams, yes i know the canes won a cup and the preds most likely will too but let's be real here
Seattle and Quebec has to get their own teams
this is a realy good video
i hope preds will smash ducks
Go thrashers!
Time for Wisconsins huge hockey fan base to get the NHL team it deserves
They just fix these to promote vegas....
Music?
That's sooo cool
Wish Hamilton still had a team
Sick vid
You guys ruined my life by the whalers moving
- Awesome!! I've seen a lot of clips detailing the growth of the NHL through the years, but this one is the best one yet! :)
Bring back Hartford and Quebec!
You mean the Boston Bruins were originally BROWN & yellow?  (Maybe B's fans should just STFU about the Pengins then).  LOL
how does arizona and las vegas have hockey teams and maine doesnt?
I don't know if there is copyright/trademark issues with this, but it would sound much cooler if it was just the Vegas Knights. Has a good ring to it.
"Awesome!!! 

I'd like to watch this same thing but with the MLB, NFL and NBA."
I was not aware that the the Rockies became the Devils!
In the words of John Oliver "Cool."
What about the Victoria cougars? They were a team...
Anaheim changed their name in 2007 not 2011
This was very cool
Place a team in Helena, Montana.  1) That state needs a professional sports team.  2) It would bring the Western Division up to 16 teams.  3) It gets cold there.  4) The people there need something to do.  5) It would give some people a reason to visit Montana.  But what would their team name be?  Any suggestions?
What happens when world war 3 starts.will the nhl shut down the season?what will happen when the rapture happens? Will you still run the nhl after world choas?
Seattle could probably be a good hockey town
When the nordiques got traded...oh boy
Dat vegas golden nights was so unexpected gave me chills. Can't wait to see them play:)
Worst league in the world.
amazing 11/10
Wow this video is really satisfying
What was in Utah?
Imagine hockey in northern Canada
"This was a really good video. There can still be a good amount of future places for NHL teams.

Future Places For NHL Teams:

Kansas City
Salt Lake City
Atlanta
Baltimore
Cincinnati 
Cleveland
Milwaukee
Indianapolis
Portland, Oregon
Seattle
Quebec City
San Diego
Houston (most likely won't happen)
New Orleans (not a big hockey city)
San Francisco (it is close to San Jose, but has a chance)

This was a very long list and some cities like Houston and New Orleans will probably never get a NHL team because of it's location in the South. However, places like Seattle, Quebec City, and Milwaukee might get a NHL team in the future."
Ottawa kinda disappeared for like 50 years
awesome vid, but the ducks lost Thier mighty logo in 2006, not 2011
That music omg
Go SENS go
Houston
The golden ice as a name is very bad
it forgot the seattle metropolitans who actually one the stanley cup in 1917
Regardless the rivalries, the bad blood, the countless hours of wanting to kill another teams fans due to our teams being eliminated by theirs we have to agree on one thing, hockey is amazing. There's nothing like it. Go lightning ⚡
What is the name of the Background music?
I laughed when the golden knights appeared
Lol bring back hamilton
Song
Hello hockey fans I will be uploading every game of the conference final and Stanley cup final so check me out also if u sub I'll sub right back just let me know
THIS VIDEO IS AMAZING! love seeing how all the teams came through through out all these years!!!
did the vancouver millionaires ever  exist
Montreal Canadiens, the Original
Really cool animation, but they left out the Islanders move from Uniondale to Brooklyn.
Seeing how much land the Western Conference covers is jaw-dropping.  Nice to see the league's expansion history presented in this fashion.
Great job on the video! Fun and informative. loved seeing all the logo changes and early teams.
"we'll see you soon Quebec,
-Every Canadian teams but Montreal"
This feels like the opening to a show.
OLD BLACK AND RED SABRES LOGO > ANYTHING ELSE
This is hands down one of the best NHL video made.   Very well done.  Loved watching teams come in and logos change.  Amazing
Thrashers 😢 #BelieveInBlueland
very well done. thanks for making this
how the hell can 50 people dislike this video?
Quebec Nordiques COMEBACK PLEASE
So why are they called the original 6 then?
You show the Maple Leafs. Are they still in the NHL?
Does the league really need two teams in the "four corners" states?
Get teams back in Quebec and Hartford!!! Move the Coyotes and Panthers.
garrry betman so what is the nhl not doing next year oh right all star game and olimpycs i hate him
This is dope AF!
Any city could have a team all The would have to do is pay Garry Bettman a couple million under the table Quebec is the one that really deserves another team not vegas
You realize that the montreal Canadians were the team that hasn't changed once from start to finish
Very cool video!!! But damn who chose the background music for this? Sounds like a flip phone ringtone. Should have been more epic.
Beautiful... Nothing more.
1972-1995 Nordique de Québec ?
This is 1000 percent better if you watch it to the theme song from Game of Thrones.
As a caps fan, good luck to George McPhee in Vegas.
Can we get a team in Portland Oregon? After the Nordiques of course.
"1918 
Vancouver Millionaires 
Missed that."
Canada deserves at least one more team :D
❤
This was a cool video it was a nice touch showing the logo changes over the years.
If anything this proved we didn't need a team in Vegas
I watched this entire video just to see the part where Nashville pops up in 1998
To bad Portland, Oregon does not have an NHL team. There are smaller cities (population wise) that have NHL teams and people love hockey here. All we have is a WHL team and the average game has 15,000 people in attendance. In other words our WHL team sells more tickets than some NHL teams. If we had a pro team it would do even better attendance.
Habs there since the beginning
Phoenix to Seattle and Carolina to Quebec City, and now we're talking.
Vancouver millionaire
most amazing video I have ever seen. this is almost p0rn to me
That's so cool
bettman's logic they need to put a hockey team in india, china and maybe brazil.
Your story is incomplete 100 years-You did not bother to look into the early History.
Tiz made me tear up knowing tiz was going to be epic. ahh man can't believe how much work they put up. but then the last part I felt bummed out hahahaha. I mean they killed the vidieo. hahaha
can some swap the music for the game of thrones theme song please?
hi long island :)
there should be another team in minnesota because it is the state of hockey how crazy would it be if the stars came back up north with the wild 👍👏😊😃
Man, that moment of time lapse when your  looking at the Original Six... As a long time Die Hard hockey fan, Its a powerful feeling.  Well done sir! Well done.
Круто !
Bruins were first team that's still in the nhl so that makes the Bruins the first nhl team
They should make one of these for a real sport
Am I the only one who thinks Seattle should get a hockey team? That city only having 2 of the 4 major American sports seems crazy to me. Huge market potential especially since the city resents the NBA with their team moving to OKC
Who has the best logo???
The Nordique skating towards Colorado was pretty cool. Also the Isles Gorton's logo!
Sad how the money of NHL ruins the european leagues.
interesting
this is pretty cool its just would be so sad to have my team move even tho it never happened
cool video, never seen a few of the teams before
cool video, never seen a few of the teams before
nice
Loved it!
вот бы зделали в КХЛ историю клубов.Кто за  ставьте лайки
As soon as the NFL arrives in Las Vegas the Golden Knights will go belly up. Hartford has a better chance at hosting a team than Vegas. Bring back the Whalers!
Cool
so many stupid decisions here
That was a sick video. And I have never used the word sick to describe something awesome, it just was, sick
I think I am the only person that thinks the league has expanded too much too quickly
Great.....now contract the damn thing before the talent gets diluted....
Definitely one of the best videos I've seen any pro-league youtube channel put out
Good😃😃😃
Seattle Metropolitans?
Vegas has a team??
So stupid going to Vegas and not real hockey towns in Canada and North US. Keep your teams unprofitable
did anyone felt they got older by watching this
Now I haven't done much research on this subject but maybe I can get some clarification. But I used to always know of the original 6 NHL teams being Hawks, Rangers, Bruins, Wings, Leafs, Canadians and that was in 1926. Well right here in 1926 they have 10 teams. Also the NHL has been celebrating its 100th anniversary. So where am I getting lost here? Is this including the IHL or whatever it was called before it combined with the NHL? The only time I see an "original 6" is around 1944-1967
If Las Vegas gets a hockey team so should Alabama. lol
Russia respect NHL   and  wait  Global tournament
Best sport in the entire world, it's a shame how underrated it is. Also proud to be a lifelong Kings fan, here's to the next 100 years NHL!
I love NHL 💗💗💗🏆🏆🏆.
I never knew about the St. Louis falcons, I thought the blues were the only team we ever had. Very great video
coolz
NHL is rigged.
Weren't the metropolitans a hockey team in Washington state at some point?
NHL JUST REVEALED LAS VEGAS IS GETTING A TEAM
cool vid
this makes me strangely depressed
Awesome video
Well done NHL... well done indeed!!!
lets go Nunavut!!
I don't know why people hated on the Islanders "Fisherman" logo in the mid 90's. That was sick!
vegas knights??
vegas knights??
this is a dope video
Brought a tear to my eye watching how my teams logo has changed throughout the last 20+ years. Brought back a flood of memories and reminded me of how miss old logo's we had. I just wish I can go back.
Go Bolts ⚡️⚡️
Go Habs go
AWESOME way to see how much it's grown and teams and logos change👍👍👍
Vegas golden knights wtfff
His was really cool! #boldingold
would love to see this done for mlb, nba, and nfl. awesome job mr. creamer.
2:24 gave me tears. Bring back the Whalers!
And yet not one team in history went to Wisconsin :/
I still believe that Seattle should be the next stop
This is very well made!
Let's be honest. Amazing display of history.
Good video!
Flyers logo barely even changed Lol
This video gave me goosebumps!! Hopefully Alaska is the next one to get an NHL team!
Seeing Quebec and Winnipeg's logos move down and change made me sick.
welldone. GO SENS GO!
Vegas golden knights tho
Omg
Montréal canadien never gone
Buffalo came in the SAME season as Vancouver '70......learn your history!!!!
I screamed in joy when Golden Knights popped up. LETS GO
This'll probably sound biased because I'm an Arizona coyotes fan (I live in Arizona), but they coyotes are on the rise and so is hockey in Arizona. Also, when people complain about hockey in the desert, LA doesn't really get snow, same with San Jose, Anaheim and the Florida teams. With the number of prospects they have and the two first round picks this year, the coyotes look like they may have a good future.
Arizona Coyotes they're thinking about moving to Seattle
laines better
Cool
I like how Red Wings logo is virtually the same since 1932 with only a mere cosmetic change in 1967. What a stability!
all the other major logo changes while the wings logo just gets a little bigger every few years lol it was already perfect :)
I would love to see Seattle get a team.  Hartford and North Dakota also deserve teams.
If there is any justice in the world, Quebec gets either the Coyotes, Hurricanes or Islanders and they become the second incarnation of les nordiques!
"2000-2016
Just 1 Team moved.
Then everything else is just logo upgrading. LOL"
Oh Quebec:)
give north Dakota a team not las Vegas
was it just me or this video was actually kinda inspiring
Quebec City should have gotten the 31st NHL team.
Was it just me or was it hard to follow
Now, I fully know every NHL team name and when  they were a team!
nice bro
What was the music?
Pirates logo was just dope
I want there to be a Wisconsin team so bad
Through the years... The ducks still choke
Why playing in the desert where nobody gives a s#it about it?
i love this so much
Love how you added the vegas
Seattle Hipsters, make it happen 2020
I like the part when they move into Las Vegas for no reason
One question: Why Las Vegas?
every team that moved south made me cry
Where was the million airs
They want to grow the game in the US there going to expand to Seattle or Portland next
This video made me emotional.
Great video
The music makes me want to cry in awe for some reason idk
This video at 0.5 speed was perfect.
That's awesome.
This was an awesome video, well done. Miss my Sens 2d logo so bad!
SECOND TEAM IN TORONTO, ENOUGH SAID!!!
That was extremely well done.
Pretty sure Columbus changed the logo in 2007, not 2011.
Best video on this channel i've seen in a while
"Philadelphia Quakers 

Best name in the history"
Should move hurricanes to Quebec
so sad all the Americans teams and so few Canadian teams
Next hockey expansion city, Milwaukee
This is cool
Need more Canadian teams. Hell, we invented the flipping sport!!!!
wow amazing
inaccurate vancouver early 1910s
Quebec > Las Vegas
a little late changing that ducks logo.
Montreal has always been there even before the nhl
why does the dot where Toronto is look like its in Oshawa
#NunavutEskimos
great video shows the history nicely
R.I.P Atlanta Thrashers
it would have been cool if maybe Alaska actually got a sports team and it would make sense considering that it is a cold state
Song?
It would be cool to see a team count during the timeline to see how many teams there were at each stage. Awesome video!
Love my panthers
Alright... so who's stupid idea was it to move the Winnipeg Jets franchise to the hot deserts of Arizona?
I don't know why this gave me chills. Probably because it was so cool and well made.
This is dope
GO BRUINS
I really hope Seattle gets a team really soon. I also hope the Nordiques come back and maybe in the future Portland and Houston can get teams
Habs Forever, From the begenning to the end
That's cool
Wait 10 years and china will have a team.
HARTFORD WHALERS
Damn, Kings and Canucks are the west coast hockey OG's
Vancouver millionaires? Hello?
move the hurricanes, panthers, and coyotes to quebec, seattle, and hartford
didn't Seattle have a team a very long time ago? i thought i remember reading about a championship between them and toronto being cancelled due to a plague
great video
This is just awesome to see
Relocated the Tampa Bay Lightning to Thunder Bay Ontario.... So that they are the Thunder Bay Lightning. Boom. Mind Blown.
Quebec should be the next teams
Actually...I think Seattle should have a hockey team also...Pretty crazy how much hockey has expanded ... I bet in like 500 years there would be hockey teams in like Europe lol
UP NEXT: MEXICO MAYANS
quebec could use a team COUGH GARY BETTMAN COUGH
Maybe Alaska could have a team to make it even.
Watched it on half speed, perfect to actually see all the changes
We need more Canadian teams
100 years of awesomeness. Next should be the Quebec.......Huskies. Any other suggestions?
Need more Canadian teams...
so this is where the budget for review camera's went. your right the potatoes you use now are great.
I got Vietnam flashbacks when the north stars moved to dallas
Wow
If a team is going to QC(Quebec City), it'd be the panthers. However QC would have the least population of any NHL team, and that's a problem. But the population of QC has tripled in the last 15 years, so a bit of time and QC will be a franchise
sad to see the Thrashers move. Winnipeg deserves a team, but still miss the birds...
Why would people remove teams?
Awesome video!
3 minutes and 29 seconds of proof that the North Americans have no clue how to build genuine sports dynasties or nurture fan culture. The desert and swamplands could use a couple more DOA franchises.
Love how the NHL moves teams from places where they have many fans out to places where hockey is not popular at all.
The Ducks should go back to the  Anaheim mighty ducks , buy it back from Disney
The NHL should expand to Seattle and relocate the Coyotes and Canes to Quebec City and Hartford first and foremost. I'd also like to see the NHL go to Milwaukee, Saskatoon, Mexico City, and Baltimore sometime in the future.
Where are the Capitals?
Canadien are the Classic one, GO HABS GO!!!!!!
Some of these team names became another sports team's name in that area
This is so cool!
I feel Seattle should come next. It has promises, if it can build a arena.
Very very cool...
So cool!
Z
Amazing video! Can't wait to see what's next!
Why in the hell would a hockey team ever move from MINNESOTA to DALLAS ?
If any city got a new team out west, am I the only one who thinks Portland would be a good pick? Their fan bases there are great
A tout les Québécois qui veulent que les Nordiques reviennent
Vegas will no doubt have a minimal amount of fans as well. These decisions are straight up retarded...
This is actually pretty fantastic
Yes, Ottawa did have a team. Stop saying they didn't
great video, since there has to be an even number of teams next year they should add a Seattle team
really well done video
who ever the genius was that thought of expanding the market to the South East, especially the pointless state of Florida should be stoned to death. There is, and will never be any sort of sustained hockey culture down there.
Even the vagas team! Can't wait to see that co e into play
As a big caps fan i like the way the logo was the Eagle for like ten years them back to normal xD
does anyone not realize why they left Quebec in the first place? the market there was dead as the Habs were dominant, if any Canadian city it should be Halifax, Regina or London
BRING BACK THE WHALERS!
All hail the Buffalo Slug
Cancun and Punta Cana should be the next ones to get a team.
"PLEASE ADD A TEAM IN QEUBECE TO REUNITE THE RIVALRY OR IN SASKATCHEWAN!!!!!


More teams in canada!"
Seattle needs team.
Probably the best NHL video i have seen on youtube! Liked the way they not only showed how team got moved around but also when they changed their logos....pretty nice concise time lapsed themed video
Coool!
This is the reason why Montreal Canadians deserve all the respect in the league because we're the oldest team in the NHL we own the NHL with 24 stanly cups  go habs go !!
The Quebec City Frenchies has a nice ring to it
the canes should move to Quebec soon
so instead of bringing back the Hartford Whalers or Quebec Nordiques. they give us the Las Vegas Golden Knights.
I love how the blues logo has remained the same basically throughout the 50 years. Not to mention Chicago, Detroit, New York (Rangers), Montreal, and Toronto.
Jets became a team again in 2011? Damn time flies
loved the first 3 minutes and 19 seconds
I learned more about the expansion than all my history classes
it's gonna be weird having 31 teams
I'm an Ottawa fan and I kinda think that they should of kept the plain o till 2000 and then switched it to the modern logo I didn't like the last logo the almost modern logo but less bright colours and a different style tell me if you agree
Wow! Awesome video!
song?
It's crazy to think where Jagr slotted in all of this.
well done.
toronto needs another team, biggest hockey market that way canada can have 2 teams
All I got out of this is that the last time a new team logo looked good was the 70s.
Did anyone else see OMG with Ottawa and the Montreal teams at the beginning?
Vegas Team confirmed
Sick
I think Seattle would for sure be able to have a stable team.
I'm surprised on how many southern states have hockey teams and how many northern states don't.
Screw the haters: The NHL is still the Coolest Game on Earth.
wtf is up with the shitty camera moves of the map
Nunavut needs a team
Daly City Sharks
Fire Bettman
This video is so cool
1967 seals the deal for the teams with the best fanbases. If you came after '67 your teams fanbase is 'so-so'
What about the future team : LA Nights
The Oilers are still going to lose.
Great video
Nordiques, Whalers, and Jets should have never relocated. All 3 concessions where they have relocated are currently struggling. An NHL franchise in the desert is the biggest joke.
I miss the old stars logo
Why isn't Ottawa in the original six?
GREAT video!
Didn't know how young these teams where
They forgot to add Tampa's logo before the new one
Seattle Whalers. Should be the next expansion team
Wish there was some sort of breaks showing the division and conference changes over the years too. I liked the old Campbell/Wales Conference era.
can not wait to see that new Vegas team! 2017-18 season will be memorable for sure
bring back nhl to Quebec
LV shouldn't get a team. I think Quebec should get the nordiques back. They would do much better out there
That was sick
Neat video!
I caught nothing from the begining Because of how much there was to process...I'm going to have to watch it in slow motion but it is a very cool video
Mighty ducks logo is much better than the ducks, late 90s early 2000s sabres logo was awesome (I'm sorry but to me it was) late 90s coyotes logo and jerseys were awesome. And Winnipeg should create a hybrid jersey/logo of original and current(much like they did for the game they played against Edmonton earlier this year). I think you should pay homage to the original in your logo also because he current one is probably my least favorite in the league. And the original Columbus logo was awesome. The current stars and hurricanes jerseys are pretty generic and boring, the Carolina alternates are sick and they could make those their regular jerseys with a white version and the stars should go back to the black, dark green and gold.
Woo-hoo! The Canes! Oh, sorry Hartford.
Cant top the Red Wings and Flyers logo's. Classics.
Arizona coyoties to seatle Marlins
Quebec and Atlanta need a team. They're fans have proven to be loyal.
nice video 👏
As a Carolina Hurricanes fan, why do we have to share our legacy with the Whalers who never won anything that mattered
this is a cool video
Bring back the Whalers
coming soon  carolina  hurricanes moving to quebec city
Saskatchewan needs a team next
hockey forever
Great video I wonder if another team will rise in the future
IMHO, time to return NHL in ATALANTA
i hope this helps canadian fans realize that their team has accomplished almost nothing when it comes to mondern day hockey. 24 cups when nobody else existed lol
should've been the aces...
NHL should give teams to Seattle, Quebec City, and a 2nd team for Toronto.
my thrashers :(
The late-90s Sabres' logo was badass.
Didn't know Kansas City had a team in the 70s
That's an awesome video. As someone who loves reading/learning on the history of hockey I hope the NHL does more of these historical videos for the centennial
I want the Nordiques back in the worst way.
that music was pretty neat
Needs one more Team in the Western conference and they're even. Hope Bettman chooses correctly.
this was a very nice video. thank you!
Cool vid. Years on the logos were not accurate but otherwise awesome job.
Very Cool
Let's welcome the Golden Knights to the NHL, everybody!!
Blue Jackets <3
Love the original 6 that kept their logo through the years
The Quebec nordiques :)
Rip Cleveland Barons
Qubec should be the next city to get an NHL team...
That's so cool
this video was beautiful, as a hockey fan who finally has a job that allows for him to watch hockey, seeing histroy unfold is eye opening; extravagant, and exciting to see the OG teams.
It made my nipples erect when they started showing how team logo's have changed throughout the years.
0.75 speed makes the music more epic
dope af
Beautiful
Ducks should of kept their original logo and colors. So much cooler than what they have now.
LGR!!!!
