


Best cooking show ever not fake my friends say its fake irl guys
i made this but i didn’t have enough flour so i substituted a cup of almond meal but it’s still good
Please make a new origins episode
Brilliant!
Dad what are you doing?
What's his name?
A Calmy HowToBasic Guy
My grandmother always lightly sifts cane sugar onto the top of the mix, and it gives it a nice, somewhat crispy texture on the top. Just a tip
That’s a sick goddam fort
Your dog is beautiful
Yo I want a winter hibernation fort!
it taste better if you have a cursed love life
lets get this bread
Witchcraft!
The song at the end low key a bop ??
Bless me uncle YSAC!
Fuck winter
man, rly love your video man... Keep up the good work
1:16 age restriction
Finally new video
He missed the opportunity to say "flour from last night's party right next to my roommate's credit card"
Where did you get that sad lamp?
But what about Egg series
I swear this dude has a different dog every time....
How many dogs do you have wtf
This is howtobasic but actually cooking somthing instesd of makeing a big mess
I made this in culinary but without the uh...cursed items and instead of walnuts we used chocolate chips ????
I have a theory you’re Canadian.
If you teach us enough we won’t suck ??
Replace the walnuts with chocolate chips and I'm in!
How does he think of this. So creative!
welp time to wait another month for a really funny video that’s also a cooking video
Actually, what happened to timblokto?
He is back
Honestly where ever you live is such a pretty place :( like um .... I WANNA LIVE THERE
Came for the recipe, stayed for the good boy!
he sounds like the lucid charts guy
That song at the end is why I am never moving from California.
Why didn't you add subtitles to this video? Is it cursed?
Come to be roasted for your cooking skills, stay for the tasty songs
I bought a pumpkin so thanks for this video
You don't have to use two 9-inch loaf pans. You can also use two loaf-inch nine pans.
His voice is so calming
I know you’re super deluxe
Can you please have a sound cloud or Spotify account? I will definitely pay for your tracks but your recipe tho
Ur dog is so precious
i fucking hate pumpkin so much but hey why not
Face reveal when
Spray your pan with WD40. WD40 is far superior!
spooky...
0:33 - I tried this recipe with butter from a happy cow and the bread exploded during cooking. Make sure the cow is very angry.
0:26 If you want it cursed why would you draw a pentagram on it????
Having trouble finding ghost pee ??
To be honest, it was sooo satisfying when he zoomed in and slowly twirled and pulled the toothpick out of the bread
Just how grandma made it
Why didn't you let the eggs have a moment?
Reference to the pumpkin pie video :D Also what's up with his dogs? .-. I mean, I'm not gonna say much because I respect his love for dogs, but HOW???? (Also clap clap best content of the year award good job YSAC)
I couldn't find any of the ingredients.
Its sodium chloride
In the spooky spirit i see
For some reason I couldn’t find the ingredients? XD ??
Made this today and can confirm it is yummy
Can I use my volcano to bless my Maui bread? Will my bread taste better if I offer a sacrifice? I don't have a dog because I ate him but can I use my pet centipede?
This was to scary
bad news, he's been cookin the puppies after the video is done and eatin em! BOO!
ah, puppy,.... you suck at nothing.
You are master chef and master comedian!
how did you teach your cat to play catch?
I live California what is a win winter?
Hibernation fort <3 I'm in the other hemisphere, the lonely Southern Hemisphere (we're a bit quiet down here if you compare the populations of each hemisphere). Spring is here, and I kind of want to build my own Spring Hibernation Fort because the hayfever is so bad. Right now I have a regular (strong but non-drowsy) antihistamine tablet I take regularly, a nasal antihistamine AND a saline nose spray (I have the squirty bottle to do proper saline rinses but don't do it too often because I'm too lazy to boil water and wait for it to be the perfect lukewarm temperature before it goes cold). But my sinuses still hurt and my eyeballs are still irritated.
YOU ARE BRILLIANT
Good morning let’s get this bread
I like dogs
#45 on trending boys
This dood is brilliant
Bro I love your channel it’s the best
Yes, I suck at cooking. But I can do Hamburger Helper. Does that count? (BTW: The dogs are great!!)
I just made it
You are second best. The dog is best.
"...until they're thoroughly wangjangled" yes. New favorite saying
i love this channel ??
So far the only good trending video, good job!
1% How to basic 50% Tutorial 49%Jokes
Whoever you are, where ever you are, I like you. We have the dame type of humor
I know I do thank you very much
Confirmed resident of Canada or Maine
that fort though..
No 41 on trending NICE!
'I thought this was how you make bricks.
Lol????
Where'd you learn how to cook!?
Anyone else notice how his end songs keep getting better.
Best channel on YouTube!
he s back
Oh hell yeah
Hah. Captured within 30 days of a full moon. Good one. Because everyday is atleast 30 days from a full moon
bitch mood
Best Pumpkin Bread Vid Ever !!!!!!
0:27 when i'm home alone
yo is that Canada at the end? killarney?
Mmmmm that actually tastes revolting
Omg we're making that in school XD
New subscriber ! ??
1:02 dude did you find your mom's home made dildo?
When you hit 3k can you do a face reveal????
Instructions unclear, there is now a child that is a conglomeration of souls following me around calling me her mommy and speaking as if she's a hivemind. Please send help, Preferably in the form of Grandpa Hassan to take this small child off of my hands.
gordon disagrees with your intro
Hmmmm………….. Dude you need to make a video at least like every hour..... Thanks.....
Why am I just now finding this channel!
I forgot how much of a genius you are
aaah sit on it and spin... to mix well. most pumpkin pie fillings and breads have butternut or sweeter squash in them - maybe 1/5th pumpkin to allow for advertising laws <— haha
Meh
This is never boring haha
Did you know the star of David is a symbol of Israel and also the balance between man and woman by the ??( the chalice represented the woman) and the ??( the blade represented the man) which together formed the pentacle or six sided star
Time is real, it was proven by Einstein and is taken into consideration for GPS and satellites. This has been your daily fact from your local nerd who gets triggered when people say time is an illusion
But raw eggs arent disgusting.. Ok they are.. a little bit to me
I don't want nuts in mine plz
great video whin will pin blockdow come back? i miss him
So when can I buy the YSAC limited edition double LP vinyl?
I made this and it is fantastic! !! Seriously ..my husband and daughter ate almost an entire loaf within an hour.
2:34 that was oddly seductive
"You can make a sacred wand out of anything just so long as it's sacred, which means that it was made by God, which is all things, so it's not that difficult." This is actually... pretty damn accurate, really. That's pretty much exactly how that works.
Yes
Fucking love this channel.
At least you don't live in South Dakota.
I really love the effort you put into all your videos. You're really entertaining (and i love your voice) please keep up the amazing videos
I was so confused like what do you mean winter, that just happened and then I realised Australia
Took a break from my seasonal depression to watch this video
Lol how are u doing this
Make amish friendship bread. And send me some please
Wassup knee grow... like dat bready bread u workin with.. Can i humbly have a slice and top it with some kind of frosting or cream cheese frosting blend of some sort... Let me know wats good lil player. Toodles
I live for the ending of these videos
Could I leave out the walnuts. Im allergic to nuts.
blees thee, ingredients.
Can we just get like an hour long song and dog video?! Sofa king awesome.
As an Australian I feel a little forgotten with all this winter bs
Hand mixer?? Not manual wangjangler??
Definitely one of the best channels on YT
I hate pumpkin
Are u binging with babish but not
The perfect bread alongside with a salad made from possessed vegetables [see the video]
i don't have haunted baking soda or haunted salt, can the normal ones work?
??
thumbs up for happy dog
You shouldn't worry about raw egg, it's the raw flour that you should worry about.
I think I love you... Fr tho I love the sarcasm and just everything about this video and you lol Subscribed!
??????
I'm sorry, but where are the eggs? There are supposed to be more eggs. Like, alot of eggs. Please redo video .
"It doesn't make you better than my mom" ?????? I r,ember the pumpkin pie video
Wait....this isn't that binging with Babush guy right?
Where has this channel been all my life... I do suck at cooking.
the dog is cute
works better if you summon a demon from a pentagram of pumpkin pie spice to share your lonely, terrible winter with!
Not a big fan of pumpkin bread
Had to watch this through the gaps of my fingers.
I miss Lemon Demon
Damm i have everything but the ghost where do i get one
I missed you
HowToBasic's odd younger brother
He reminds me of the daily dose of internet guy
And of course you had to post it a day after I had to make pumpkin bread for work. ;-; This recipe would be so much simpler and better.
Ridiculous. ... im so happy i found my people... cordless kinetic screw driver....? refreshing... woops
2:30 TIME IS AN ILLUSION, TO HELP MAKE THINGS MAKE SENSE... YOU AND I WILL ALWAYS BE BACK THEN
what a nice meat loaf recipe
Spooky
Isn’t it impossible to posses salt because salt repels spirits I don’t know my friend told me this
Wow you still make my week every time <3
Love it!
I can't find haunted pumpkin spice? Do you know where I can find it?
man, I fucking love you and your videos.
I’m now laughing my ass off
I wish I'd found this channel sooner.
I love this Chanel so much
That’s some spooky bread
Lame
this vid was recommended to me for some reason and I'm so glad it was
Winter is the best time of year
YOU CAN TRY.. BUT YOU’LL NEVER BE BETTER THAN HIS MOM
YSAC I love you so much
Post more often pleaseeee! I've went back years and can't find vids I haven't seen hahaha your videos are awesome man!
How did I miss this?! I always look forward to these!
Just found your channel.your funny as hell m8
My dog died and I've been really depressed to bake anything since he was always my doggo test taster. But your video gives me hope to get back to it.
Bread is bread because of the active yeast reacting to the sugars of the wheat, therefore causing it to rise and create a light and airy texture when biting into it.
He got the ??.??
Do you mean Pumpkin Head?
Hey this isnt a bad tutoriel :))))))))
You suck
How do you have a sexy voice? Lmao
Good job getting on trending. That means your definitely doing something right. Keep it up
YSAC: I hear by bless these ingredients by this wand Wand: Na Ima smash it 1:04
2:29 Picasso painting on you bread. Don't eat it sell it. The ghost of Picasso sculpted bread.
Anyone remember pimblockdo?
Lmao, I’m sorry I haven’t watched you in 4 months ;((
If you’re out of sacred harvest wands, can you just go ahead and use the haunted material in a pinch?
Lol
this is casually explained.
no u
Never have or will eat direct from a pumpkin all ways will but tge premade cuz ill mess up
You remind me of the channel "HowToBasic", except you actually cook the food, ??.
whoever disliked this video. I just wanna talk. Man there were dogs in this
I died laughing at this part 2:52
How do you not have more subs?
I tried this and got pumpkin cake
This is hilarious!
"3/2 Cups of all purpose flower, including the purpose of making pumpkin bread" I haven't laughed that hard about a cooking video. Also funniest thing was when he said "congratulation you get one piece of candy corn, you already have it"
He's a dog sitter he has a lot of dogs each video
You never disappoint.. ????
Well it to late for seasonal fall pumpkin bread. It snowed here today.
wares roblocto ?
I cant have pumpkin because of the salicylic acid in it. I cant have salicylic acid.
I thought it was called a wang-jangler
Excuse me
Why is your drill so shit
I fell asleep before the song at the end and had no idea what I was watching when I woke up
Finally
First 10 seconds and I already subscribed.
Lol Holy shit I never subbed so fast in my life.
Wow this man is always on trending
THE ONION IS ON 350 THE FUCKING ONION IS ON 350, SAY IT YOU SON OF A BITCH
Dang I only that baguette ??
Hola los invito a mi canal YouTube se llama Serrato Family Vlogs, suscríbanse.saludos desde Las Vegas
2spoopy4me
You had my heart at "Sacred Harvest Wand."
Your voice sounds kind of like Sam O’Nella’s
It works better if you use bread flour
Please tell me this is a one man show. I am not joking when I tell you this is THE best channel on YouTube.
2:30 the universe is a hologram BUY GOLD
I hope you don't have a painful 11 months. This is a great video. Have you ever shown off your mother before?
"It still doesn't make you better than my mom." How is this the first time I've seen this guy?
048
What if my grocery store doesn’t have eggs from possessed chickens, but eggs from possessed ostriches? Will it still work?
Haunted salt ????????
Yeah. Just found my new favorite channel.
I forgot to bless the ingredients and the angry cow came to life wtf do I do
Let’s get this bread
What is this lmao? A better cooker than how to basic, or more so then not wasting food like how to basic ??????
This channel sucks too
It went from mid-70s to around 30-40 here in Western Ohio. Our leaves are falling, still green.
Why did you wait so long to post a video
Spooky AF! Yet delish
Candy corn sucks
Where is pimblockto?
Now IM HUNGRY
Onion
better than HowToBasic
The songs make me happier than the show now.
what if i can only find pumpkin slaughtered 31 days from a full moon?
Wooly frolic-dog
(((Mediums/Witches are an abomination to God. The reality is that people are not talking to their dead relatives but to DEMONS!!! Which is an abomination in God's sight to consult with witches and to contact the DEAD!!!))) …….. When we go against God’s will and we think we are talking to our dead relatives that have passed on and this is not the case. This is called Necromancy. (Necromancy): The suppose practice of communicating with the dead, which states in Deuteronomy 18:12 it is an abomination unto the Lord. He is not the God of the dead, but the God of the living. (Mark 12:27). As it is appointed unto men once to die, but after this the judgment (Hebrews 9:27). Demonic spirits love to disguise themselves as our loved ones. The demons love to appear as little children. People are either taken to the pit by Demons or taken by Gods Holy angels right after we pass on. Its either we love Jesus and repent of our sins and follow his commandments, (John 14:21), or we don't and find ourselves in Hell one day, because of our free will our father has given us. Definition of: {Familiar Spirit}: A Demon supposedly attending and obeying a witch, often said to assume the form of an animal. (The Lord said to Moses): Do not turn to Mediums that have familiar spirits or Wizards to be defiled by them. I am the Lord your God. (Leviticus 19:31). I will set my face against the person who turns to mediums/Spiritualists who have familiar spirits and wizards. To go whoring after them by following them. (Leviticus 20:6). A man or women who is a medium and has a Familiar spirit and is among you must be put to death. You are to stone them; their blood will be on their own heads. (Leviticus 20:27). Let no one be found among you who sacrifices his son or daughter in the fire, who practices divination or sorcery, interprets omens, engages in witchcraft, or casts spells, or who is a medium or spiritualist/Wizard or who consults the dead/ Familiar Spirits. Anyone who does these things is an Abomination to the Lord. And because of these Abomination practices the Lord your God will drive out those nations before you. You must be blameless before the Lord your God. (Deuteronomy 18:10-13). Furthermore, Josiah got rid of the mediums who consult familiar spirits, and households Gods, the idols and all the other Abomination things seen in Judah and Jerusalem. (2 Kings 23:24). He sacrificed his sons in the fire in the Valley of Ben Hinnom, practiced sorcery, divination and witchcraft, and consulted mediums with familiar spirits. He did much evil in the eyes of the Lord, provoking him to anger. (2 Chronicles 33:6). When men tell you to consult mediums with familiar spirits, who whisper and mutter, should not a people inquire of their God? (Why consult the dead on behalf of the living?) (Isaiah 8:19). You shall be brought down, you shall speak out of the ground; you speech shall be low, out of the dust; your voice shall be like the medium’s, out of the ground; and your speech shall whisper out of the dust. (Isaiah 29:4). (Voice…like a medium’s refers to the forbidden, deceptive “voices” for which the medium supposedly served as a channel). Once when we were going to the place of prayer, we were met by a slave girl who had a spirit by which she predicted the future. She earned a great deal of money for her owners by fortune-telling. (Divination). This girl followed Paul and the rest of us, shouting, "These men are servants of the Most High God, who are telling you the way to be saved." She kept this up for many days. Finally Paul became so troubled that he turned around and said to the spirit, "In the name of Jesus Christ, I command you to come out of her!" At that moment the spirit left her. When the owners of the slave girl realized that their hope of making money was gone, they seized Paul and Silas and dragged them into the market place to face authorities. (Acts 16:16-19). He sacrificed his own son in the fire, practiced sorcery and divination and consulted familiar spirits and Wizards/mediums. He did much evil in the eyes of the Lord, provoking him to anger. (2 Kings 21:6). The spirit clearly says that in later times some will abandon the faith and follow deceiving spirits and things taught by demons. Such teachings come though hypocritical liars, who conscience have been seared as with a hot iron. (1 Timothy 4:1-2). I used to watch television shows on mediums, but now I know what the bible says about people like these. We need to pray for them that they stop being a mouth piece for Satan and his demons. Love not the world, neither the things that are in the world. If any man loves the world, the love of the father is not in him (1 John 2:15). We need to get this information out and stop defiling ourselves and pray for people who consult with familiar spirits and come back to the Lord Almighty and seek the truth from him. Praise Jesus (Yeshua) Who is the King of Kings and Lord of Lords and the Alpha and the Omega. Amen!
long live pimbloktu
1:58 Um, excuse me good sir. Did you just call me disgusting?
I was glad until you added candy corn
Some rare ingredients
This was great! I was especially surprised by the quality of the song at the end. It seems a step above most songs you've done in the past. Would you say you put more effort into this one? Also can you try to say 'fuck off' in more of your videos? I find it helps to elucidate some of the mystyrious sentiments I share with most co-workers and some members of my extended family. Thank you kindly.
That’s one spoopy pumpkin bread
What an handsome boy 4:29
Time is an illusion. Lunchtime, doubly so.
What is the name/artist of the song at the end of the video? ??
????????
wow i am hangar , i like this food
I like the reference to the pumpkin pie vid about ur mom
i want pimblokto back
Spooky.
Pudim de arroz
This video is low IQ. Winter is easily the best season.
The doggo is a catchy fetchy boi
I missed u dude <3
This bread looks good ????
I dont have a possessed chicken :(
??
For a second I forgot the premise of this whole channel and was very confused
I can't make this since I couldn't find any angry cows
"Hmm that actually tastes revolting"
Damn the king has uploaded
This guy is a fuckin genius
IT REALLY WORKS!!!!!!!
That's ABS not PVC.
this recipe is for people who don't suck at cooking
Be carful my species can be vicious.
nice sub-woofer.
Hi my name is adella and I love your videos......P.S I am 10
You have an amazing dog, what breed is it?
This channel makes boring cooking videos into interesting cooking video. Also, this video is available in 4k.
Why does your sheep act like a dog?
Oh my ghoul! So glad I ran into your channel. You're ridiculously entertaining and yes, I'm planning on making that pumpkin bread.
I fully concur with your feelings on snow.
U reminded me of the adventure time song Time adventure when u said time is an illusion
The callback to the pumpkin pie episode made me so giddy.
you sir are nuts. (subscribed)
The prize is candy corn? What a shitty prize! Candy corn sucks!
My walnuts laughed at me Where can I buy new walnuts
Where do you even tape this? its gorgeous looking!
normal bit version of howtobasic
Hes back!!!
The cinematography of the dog at the end was beautiful.
That's is one curly headed fuck of a dog
bone app the teeth ????
I have never been more confused from a tutorial than now.
Eating raw batter?? You think that's disgusting?! I'm sorry.. I have to unsubscribe.. Imma yee-haw-yEET out of here??????
The dog!!!!!! Makes me so happy to see him/her, what is his/her name?!??
What an interesting doggo
He made that so good yet I'm just like what haha
someone get this guy a record label
??
Oh my goodness who does that dog’s hair?! ??
I’m laughing so hard, brilliant man
Doggy!!
Unless you live in the Southern Hemisphere
How many dogs are recommended to be sacrificed to the gods of spoops over a lit flame while making this bread?
"chordless kinetic screw driver" got me ??
on trending boiiiii
Can i use No PuRpOsE FlOuR?
Clicks out of demonic video
this dude sounds so done with life
I honestly enjoyed this video. Thank you. ????
Mmmm! With cheesecake frosting on it,shared with a ghost.
I love this channel so much
i missed him
I like how he really doesnt give a fuck. Lol ??
Spoopy
Closed captioning is really struggling with those lyrics... lol
did anyone else scroll down to this video eating pumpkin bread
When will he do a face revieal
See yall in a month
Keep up the videos Imaginary Ambition
What kind of camera do you use?
Can I use butter from a happy cow instead?
The fall of Fall.
Okay but the candy corn thing is actually really similar to an old Halloween/harvest festival tradition where they'd stick random things in food and baked goods and the thing you got would predict the events of the coming year
That is a very good doggo.
is there a link for that song ?? it's legit good I want to hear it more
That song was clearly not written by someone who lives in the south. Cause summer sucks.
I love you
yess. good pumpkin bread. good dog.
Beautiful.
Im a small youtuber and I would appreciate any type of support ???
I’ve been enlightened
This was hilarious! You got my sub!
Good energy, up dog.
I can't believe you can cook, edit video, make music and most importantly, have winter pillow fort too
I love pumpkin bread
Yessssssa
pumpkin bread more like pumpkin shit
I can always count on you for a smile.
How you make me laugh stop plz
Those were definitely pecans and not walnuts but it’s okay we won’t tell
I love your dogs so much
The only good thing on trending rn.
instruction unclear release ancestor's curse to my house
We’ve missed you YSAC!
Welcome back!
I love you ysac!!! ???
I love you ysac!!! ???
I'm in Texas and winter is only like a month here, and we hardly get snow :P
Ohhhhh myyyyyyy godddddddddd he is so funny
?? All the other kids with the dumb pumpkins better run better run Faster than my pumpkin ??
Wtf...hilariously stupid. I shall subscribe
Show us your face
What happen to your robot
How come there are always different dogs are they all yours?
AAAAAAA CONGRATS YOU’RE ON TRENDING!!!
2:36 does anybody else think that's oddly satisfying??
I actually believed him for a while. I'm so glad I found this channel
?????????? the funniest stuff all of that place
Yo that hibernation fort looks cozy as fuck.
I was a little confused about the light but as soon as you put the smiley face bucket on it I got it. It made for a well need laugh. Thank you
nice song
You are like a very refined HowToBasic.
You suck at YouTube
Guys my walnuts are pretty tough, anyone know a good way to scare it?
Spööky
damn, home dude done blown up. couldve swore when i subscribed he had a couple thousand followers. he so funny......wangjangled
Lovin’ the fort????
Ew I mean yum
FACE REVEAL
Everything you make is absolute gold. Oh your foods great too.
Beet song is still my favorite song made by him???? ITS AWESOME
This is a good channel????????????????
has he made the broodwich and if can someone link me it
I saw the thumbnail and thought it was hash lmfao
You forgot to mention that the all purpose flour contains the most cursed substance of all: gluten
Very spoopy
What happens if I harvested it within 31 days of a full moon???
Ive been waiting for this all my life
Let’s get this bread
Do you have a band if so please link it. I love your style of music
There needs to be more wang jangling.
Mm that taste... Revolting
Brooo brooooooo, you should make music.
Why dont you have your own vevo channel
It holloween! So everything looks and sounds haunted!
That doge!
I make a CURSED recipe from the DARK WEB (GONE WRONG!)
Hamilton is that you
Low-key the outro songs are bomb
Eventually this comment, along with this sad lonely dinosaur, will be lost in all of the thousands of comments for this video
This is Tim ?? 1 Like = 1 Friend
We all know I suck at cooking, I don't need to be reminded.
Let’s get this bread
Thought the slices of bread was weed ??
“With carrot handle” ?? ?? ??
Those are pecans
Thank you, very cool!
HEY! WHERE DID YOU PUT THE TRUE WANG JANGERLER?!
I love your videos and think they're hilarious! However I'd like to show them to my kids but you throw in a word or two of profanity in almost every video, so that really keeps it from being fully kid friendly. I recognize the need to have it a little edgy but I think it wouldn't take much to make it family-friendly too.
I lost my everliving SHIT when he said "wangjangle"
3:55 I thought he censors his videos?
That's one soggy doggy
Such an accurate video. Thanks ????
Congrats on trending
Why does it it look like a soft brick ??
Thanks for the music. That's my comment. Short..!
Do you live in heaven?
Or...you could just go buy a loaf for like 4 dollars. I buy it from the Amish, it tastes like crack cocaine. I don't want to cook it myself cause I suck at it.
Can we get a banana bread recipie please Edit: or garlic bread, that works to
1:04 The way he shook the stick got me dead ??
I’m allergic to walnuts. What do I do now?
Yoooo ur on trending!
U are my favorite YouTube channel in the world. U put so much effort into all of ur vids. U always make me so happy when I watch ur vids and u inspired me to try and become a chef and I hope I can cook with u one day. Keep up the good work!!!!??????????????????????????????????????
Banana bread is the best
Those pecans were like "not today satan"??
Hello I have a problem with this recipe I can't make it spooky enough :(
The eggs didn't say goodbye to each other but the dog was a good actor. 420/666 stars
Yay!! I hope you make more videos soon.
I didn't have any pans so I ended up pouring it all down the sink. oops.
Does he foster dogs? That would be awsome if he did
summer is trash tho
That was a good song at the end
For some reason this is the one this that I know I’m doing right in life, watching this nonsensical video.
This IS it Chief!
WHY DID I NOT GET A POST NOTIFICATION?!
salt cant be haunted
>log in >see new ysac video >instantly click on it >fuck yes
chuffed
0:18 in case you don’t understand, there’s a full moon every 30 days
What's your dog's name?
noice
Can I replace the pumpkin with bananas
The canned pumpkin is not actually pumpkin but a type of squash called field pumpkin
I came here from trending and I am really interested
Terrific funny!
Finally
Please go on The Official Podcast and defend your hot song writing skills.
Ive been waiting for this video for ever and i feel so happy because its here. this makes me wanna cry because of how much i love this channel. i just want to talk to this guy and tell him how many times he has made me happy for a human to be alive.
YSAC, you never disappoint! What would it take to get a compilation of original songs from all your vids?....A greatest hits album even...? Also, if we can't have Blotto back what about an Egg Cops follow up....? Who's with me?
Weow wat a spoop
This all because USAC built a fort and wanted to show it off
Well... thanks for telling me I suck at cooking lmao. I can cook ramen
I just found my new fav channel!!
lol good stuff
0:12 feelsbadman !
i got genuinely really fucking sad during that song wtf
The scariest part of this video... is the lack of the intro... Ahhhhhhhhhhh!!!
I appreciate the dog montage
Trending ??
0.55 why is there a satanic star
I love warm pumpkin bread with butter
groom your dog.
CURLY DOG OMG <3
how to make holy water step one.. boil the hell out of it
i don't know if I should take him seriously, but dang this is a good channel
Number twelve on trending, deserves one, keep up the amazing videos, you are amazing
Someone has to say it.... your a watered down version of howtobasic.
The song reminds me of They Might be Giants. Good job.
My favorite song so far.
My favorite song so far.
@1:38 when dad cooks because mom is out of town
First time ever seeing his videos...this is what I've been missing????????
Lol
That outro song beat the corn on the cob one without a doubt its 100% my favorite one
My mom's pumpkin bread recipe is better than this one (and has less Halloween jokes).
Is that pimblockto on the keys?
ugh this is so disgusting I'm unsubbing ugh
Wow, thats a lot of sugar
That's some dooty bread
Your channel is so funny!
I decided to make this and it was actually really good
I swear this is How To Basic when sober.
didn’t you think your used homemade spice. also it’s still 85 out where i’m at doesn’t even feel like fall??
Pumpkin bread that doesn't have mini chocolate chips is invalid
Thanks for the great video! I’m actually going to try out this recipe.. looks good
0:37 tf2 Halloween Cosmetics just a ton of haunted stuff
Yummy yum yum bread
The song though...yaasss
his dog should be in youtube rewind
i'm crying tears at the sad lamp thing
I wanna eat that
has anyone listened to his tips seriously?
I’m slightly disappointed that you didn’t bless the ingredients with that sacred harvest dildo you have. Your bread has not been properly blessed
Where do you get all these dogs, you lucky monkey skunker?
When your salt is haunted you know you're fucked
When he blessed the ingredients I choked
WHERE DOES HE LIVE
Time to be spoopy
How do I know if my ingredients are haunted? ????????
Who took your wangjangler
I saw a banner that said "binging with Babish viewers watch this." I'm a subscriber already! how about "YSAC viewers watch this" on BWB vids??
Luv u
Thank you for taking me on this journey
Please do ASMR
Finally an upload I can watch without getting bored
The hardest part of this video is me keeping my toxic personality away from it.
I only have butter from an angry goat. Will that work?
Put some lemon kush in the bread
white girls approach over the horizon
Dude this song at the end had such good production, it's no worse than those of some of my favourite bands. Seriously if you put this on spotify as a full version, I'll add it to my favourites playlist.
You are one sick individual that should never be cured. Keep jangling your wangle, my man.
So many fans to make you on trending! I’m a subscriber from about 100,000! Keep up the quality vidoes
Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle
Come for the food, stay for the witty humor, and return for the dog.
Just in time, my cursed brown sugar was about to expire! Thank goodness I have this recipe now
You're on Trending yeyeyeyeyeyeye
There’s a face reveal at 3:40!!
Oh my
He's a lil silly in the head it's awesome eating the batter
I followed the instructions perfectly and the pumpkin bread killed my dead aunt's sister, what now?
the video is good if you mute it and skip towards the end
Why he had to be satanic and draw a star for ??
what is it with haunted stuff amirite
I suck vagina
lets get this bread!!
keep your toxic personality away from it for an hour
What's a electric mixer Do you mean electric wanjangler
I just wanted to leave a rare comment and say that the ending song on this video was legitimately really good. I actually checked the description for a download link. YSAC, you should consider collecting a few of your best songs and making an online album that people could listen to or donate to download.
Please be in my band
Dude I swear this looks exactly like Maine
He’s a doggo confirmed. Jk, I love your doggo btw.
I'm proud I found you before you were so popular
That doggo at the end was everything i needed to feel happy today, thank you.
Ey boy grammar mistake in your description. Its not it's. Sorry
Wanna have an unfufilling realtionship that only relies on friday night dinners for us to have any kind of attraction and kindness to each other simply because the food is sub par and because it's sub par I let you hold my hand for a soild minuet until I put you back on the couch because it wasn't good enough for you to earn your once a month laying like a plank on opposite sides of our king size bed?
Came for the bread, stayed for the doggo
It's kind of like HowToBasic's mature disapponted father
If you go into hibernation, does that mean that we won't get any videos until spring?
Drilling the candy corn into the bread. ??
Cats are better. I rest my case.
Cute dog bro
Its amazing how he records this all with his mouth
What kind of dog is that? You know in the end when the music roles? I just wondered.
jealous of your dog's wet curls
greatest YouTube cooking channel by a long shot. I am sorry Babish!
Almost as good as binging with babish
Amazing lol
* flashbacks to pumpkin pie video *
mad cow would have been better :)
I don't trust people that downvote your videos.. What kind of person do you have to be to downvote this video?
l e t i t r i s e
I missed you ??????
i honestly love your doggo so much
So I get that this is a cooking channel, but can you seriously make an album of these songs and sell it and take my money pls
Please bring back pimblockto!!!
How do I get these so called “possessed chickens?”
how many dogs does this guy have???? there’s a new god damn dog in every video
I am thoroughly spooped
I, too, require a happy lamp for the spoopy season.
Is this not a full babish rip?
You're finally on trending!! Congratulations! I never did find out what happened to plimokto or the eggs
How did I not see this in my subscriptions
your songs are fun
3:56 ooooo he used the fuck word
When's the album coming out?
LGTPB stands for Let's get this pumpkin bread
Loved the perfect edit timing on the song at the end with the dog catching the ball @ 3:58 & 4:04. Personally, I loved older themes like the robot and phrases about pepper, but I am glad you do not rely on the same thing in every video. Artists explore the new and provide insight . . . keep up your art, it is very fine.
I’m telling you, it’s a different dog every time.
The dog is awesome
Is the end of the video taped at lake superior
Oh so thats why the eggs keep spinning no matter what i do to stop them and as well as getting scared every time i eat walnuts
Yay you got on trending!!
That jumpscare got me so bad
This is so much like HowToBasic... I LOVE IT!
Spooky scary pumpkin bread
Undo on 4 hundo
s p o o k y b r e a d
thank you for existing.
This was so funny I forgot the instructions ????
what if i cant find the haunted parts of the ingredients
Its like I'm watching how to basic but but calm version ??
bonus lesson: spooked walnuts are pecans.
How about corn breas
delicious finally some good fuc-
Where does this madman live it's so fucking beautiful.
Your dog is adorable!
Je klinkt echt als een engels iemand ik klink gwn als een dronken mongool gg
s p o o k y t i m e
Woah, my mom just made this for breakfast!
Fuluufy cat u have
if I make the pumpkin bread and slather it in whipcream does it become pumpkin pie? Also, can I buy the song at the end from anywhere? seriously. Those are some good sounds.
What's the point of baking if you're not eating the raw batter ?????
Cool af
Lol I don't mind raw eggs. I bake one loaf then eat the other raw.
Is it a new dog in every video or am I just crazy? Also why are they always so serene?
I wonder what one of their videos would be like if they made something from Food Wars. xD
I love your songs
Brown sugar is a good idea, the recipe I use has white sugar and requires more of it.
Hey everybody I’m a kid friendly youtuber that makes my own very cool movies, I am making a really cool movie series called The Spezi Realm and you can see the Trailer for it on my channel subscribe to my channel so you can get notifications when the episodes will come out!
Finally a wangjangle!!!!!!!!!
I can't find haunted sugar anywhere
I've been subscribed to you since your like 5th video maybe, and this end song is my favorite. Really great job man. You always put so much effort into your videos and at 4+ years I thought you've earned a pat on the back of some kind from a guy you don't know lol Keep up the great work!! ??
This is the S P O O K police. You're under arrest for being too S P O O K Y
You suck at making videos. Yeah, you totally suck. Kidding. Haha great content as always!
That dog porn at the end. My bulldog jiffed twice. Thnx.
We are simply not worthy of your content
This honestly has to be the best outro song yet.
Why are you trying to be a Binging with Babish fake lol have some originality
Salt can't be haunted because it drives ghosts away, but you can use cursed salt instead.
Your not uploading as much. Are you ok?
Just made Pumpkin Bread French Toast the other day.
I love the end <3
The celery wand made me choke on my soda hahahahahahhaha
You should upload more
I want to see your face.
Fortnite content nobody cares about YouTube: I sleep YouSuckAtCooking makes a new, amazing video YouTube: REAL SHIT
Yo that fort honestly looks cozy af.
its*
I think people underlook the songs he puts in at the end of his videos. The fact that he writes one for each video is pretty impressive
i thought the thumbnail was some dank hash, this aint bad tho
Is this babish?
This is fantastic. You put out great quality videos that are a lot of fun to watch!
lets get this bread.
I've been getting a lot of bread lately, not money just my card intake is unreal
October: let's get this pumpkin bread November: let's get this corn bread December: let's get this Holy bread
wheres pimblockto
This is too much info dammit, I'm really pissed off..??
Not only did I learn something, but I had fun and a good laugh . 9.3/10. Deduction for not enough skeletons in your video. It’s only spooktober once, take advantage while you can.
I never knew what love was until I found this channel
i'm pretty sure the kitchen appliance, when referring to it as something that can finish your pastries or your bread, should be spelt "undough"
whats with all these heartfelt comments
where the F U C K do you live where it is always that fucking pretty outside? or, at least, where is that stolen footage from?
You have a very soothing voice lmfao
I am so glad about the fact that we share this kind of humor
Finally my possessed chicken is of use
I come here for the witty cooking lesson, I stay for the sweet jams at the end. <3
Lmao ?? this was great ??
it was truly horrifying carrying around hot bread in the hands till it cooled off.
This channel is completely underrated! One of the best YouTube channels ever! I'm making the pumpkin bread right now .... collecting all my evil ingredients.
Forget making this, where can i buy it
How to make weed brownies
???? this was very entertaining lol glad I didn’t change the video lol love your monotone voice lmao and your sassy whit
thank you for always providing this high quality hand porn content
NSFW @2:34!
Ok, this is epic
pumpkin of the bread variety
To what extent should I spook my nuts?
Shoot im late let me think of a joke.... h
Those lyrics are impressive.
Those are definitely pecans.
Can you make some merch?
Let's get this pumpkin bread boys
I love it when he ends the video with a doggo
Thank you.
Did you raid a haunted house's spice cabinet?
THis Was So Great! Check out my Restaurant Youtube Channel! We are doing amazing things. I may have to make this! Great stuff!!
Why am I laughing at how you poured the salt in at 0:42 lol
You are a treasure.
I wish your songs were on spotify
let’s get this bread ????
I hope he makes a whole thanksgiving meal for his next video.
Does ysac have a twitch channel
I'm disappointed ????
Your so random and I love it Your dog is so cute btw
This is my new favourite YouTube channel
Your dog has noodle hair.
This is actually the third recipe i tried. Am I weird?
Thanks dad, very cool!
The pup is gorgeous. What's his name?
who else came here for pumpkin bread?
If you don't have two pans just pour the other half of the batter down the drain - YSAC 2018
"How can i have the loaf if its still back in the undo" bwaahahahahahah. My kids are gonna love this one. Thanks for another sick video man - your dog looks like a frikken legend
Can you do weed brownies next please
still waiting to buy your music on itunes, amazon, or google play
How to make pepper pepper pepper.
“Sacred harvest baguette with carrot handle” lmao??
Our god has returned
In my Pauly d voice Pumkin spice is in everything this time of year yeah????????
How is Pemblockto?
YSAK, what are your thoughts on using a pie pumpkin rather than canned?
i need ur OC song
....
You put so much quality into this it's honestly amazing.
Alright gamers let’s get this bread
L:let's G:get B:bread T:today
Will you marry me?
Subscribed!
Fantastic. Bravo
It’s HALLOWEEENNNNNNENNENENN
To be honest I’m always super excited for the puppy endings
Love it, but why do most people seem to not like winter? (I’m referring to the song at the end) I can’t stand the heat. I live in the south and we get 7 months of HOT weather and I don’t always work indoors. I always enjoy winter.
4:19 turn on subtitle
Snudhhsniushinshjbs ITS 6 on trending!
Thought the thumbnail was some loud
What kind of dog is that?
Your dog has Ramen Hair
????? ???? ????? ?????
Pro tip: Don't actually try to ride out the whole season in your hibernation chamber. It's much safer to come out intermittently through the months to restock on leftover candy, gingerbread and nanaimo bars. Happy hibernating!
Creativity is worth rewarded by likes!
But is meatloaf therefore not just beef bread?
This vid was too spooky
I fucking love pumpkin bread, and I hate the pumpkin everything that comes with fall. You live in a very beautiful place. ?
Winter>Summer forever
Hi i am from thailand please follow my channel
I love the dog.
Why do I have all this ingredients?
Plot twist,all the white ingredients were cocaine.
Wow. I AM SHOOKETH.
i get so happy when you upload
Jews caused the potato famine in Ireland anyways I’ll just be over here reminding everybody that Israel did 911
I thought that was a brick.
Alright you turned into They Might Be Giants at the end there
Ysac on trending and more dog footage am I in HEAVEN
why would i put a vegetable in my bread that's disgusting i'm disappointed in the quality of this channel just kidding ily ysac
MOP DOG
Subscribe to me I will answer you in return ?? ?? ?????????????? ?? ???? ? ?????? ??? ??????????? ?? ??
Can I get that song?
So this whole channel is just sarcastic, shit-on-purpose recipes? K
I would kill for some pumpkin pie right now
It has to be binging with babish
This was awesome. Good job
I want to see an episode where your mom makes one of her recipes
My salt isnt haunted, will it still work?
Okay this guy is actually funny
These videos are amazing! the sacred wands are genius.
I hate to break it to you buddy but no tool ever will replace Pimblokto.....
#6 on trending what
So much effort in one video
The scariest thing is that people disliked this video
dog dog dog dog dgo
Cordless kinetic screwdriver ????
Booooooooooooooo
(Also chocolate chips make this super good btw)
I hope you realise that you are now required to do cinematic dog outro for every future video
Where’s the Wangjangler?
What is the end song XD i need it
Can we get a mixtape of all the songs played at the end of the video????
Be sure to do a thorough tick check after your Autimnal stroll in the woods!
Is that jerktonium? hahah anyone remember that from spongebob
How many dogs do you have??
wow, your "pour it down the sink" life hack just saved me so much space in my fridge, i had at least 50 pounds of unused batter in there. thanks!
I prefer to bake my pumpkin bread in a pumpkin.
I got scared together with the wallnuts
I truly appreciate the feeling of solidarity for those of us with seasonal depression ???
I will watch these for as long as you keep making em
The new HowToBasics
Yes
i thought this was a real recipe...
I'm definitely going to subscribe on this, very educational
To be hones though, that fort is what I want to sleep in every night
i like
I thought that was shit in the thumbnail
White people
Wow your dog is serving LOOKS omg
Blessed the food and I lost it
#7 on trending baby let's go!!!!!
yo yo let's get this (pumpkin) bread
These videos are treats.
Is it tasty?
I wonder if anyone actually makes these recipes
its 3 am im so hungry help
DOGGIESOCUEEEE!
That look fucking good
pumpkim bread/cake is really good
lets cancel the job interview, sit tf down and watch the latest video of You Suck At Cooking.
This video made me so happy
I don't have any spooky ingredients. Will regular ingredients work or will it just make regular, un-spooked pumpkin bread?
#7 on trending
i love your videos but pumpkin bread does not sound appetizing.. americans have weird tastes-
Is this supposed to be funny?
Am i able to substitute the haunted salt for cursed salt?
Seasonal depression moods
Holy yeet,#7 on trending.Congrats!
Ever made sushi?
So bloody toxic!!
I think you summed it up perfectly
Good boi do a fetch, get wets Many foods made Yes
as an australian i hate summer ((me saying i was australian is very relevant and in fact gives me the authority to speak out my opinions m))
Shouldn't you measure by weight and not volume when baking?
I love all your videos and im jelous of you ! I SUCK AT BEING HAPPY I TOTALLY DO!!
I'm tired of seeing videos from this horrible channel on the trending page. I don't know who had to suck what on who to get these on the trending page but please stop.
Where can I find the lyrics to the song at the end? Lol Edit: you need to put that shit on Spotify my guy
I’m honestly here because the thumbnail looked like weed
Can you release an album?
*cough* SOMEONE clearly lives in Canada. ?? I feel your pain re: the shortness of summer, bro. Kickass but sadly accurate song!
I made pumpkin bread the day before this video was made and it turned out not great. I'm so dissapointed that I didnt wait another day, and now i have 2 loafs of mediocre pumpkin bread. Do you know how it feels to have to dissapoint your friends and family with mediocre pumpkin bread?
LET'S GET THIS (pumpkin) BREAD!!
Its a good fucking day when you see a new YSAC video in your feed! BLESS!
Did you just insult my cooking.
rad
hello i've missed this :')))
Do you make the music video first and then the cooking part? I feel like you could make legitimate music if you tried harder.
The thumbnail looks like a beautifull piece of hashish, lol
Friends, did you know that by remembering the Works of Jesus Christ, which reveals His character, ensures us of His love? In the Book of Psalms, David proclaimed his deep yearning for God as he hid from his enemies in the desert (Psalms 63:1). Remembering his personal encounters with The Lord's limitless power and satisfying love led him to praise (vv.2-5). Through his most difficult nights, David could still rejoice in his dependable Father's love and care (vv.6-8). During our darkest times, when we feel as if God is not there for us, we need reminders of who God is and how He demonstrated His love. Reflecting on our personal experiences with Him, as well as His actions recorded in scripture, can affirm the countless ways our good Abba Father loves us. Start your endless relationship with our Creator by first acknowledging you are a sinner in need of our Savior. Welcome the righteousness of Jesus Christ into your life. Receive grace through faith by believing in Jesus Christ and what He did on the cross. His death, burial and resurrection. You will then be sealed and justified in salvation. You will be rewarded greatly and forever changed! Precious one, please find comfort in praying the following prayer with me.... Dear Lord Jesus, thank you for demonstrating Your endless love to Your people, in our lives and through the words You preserve in Scripture. We give You all the honor and glory and we thank you! Amen! May God bless you in the Glorious name of Jesus Christ our Lord and our Savior.??????
Where the HECK am I gonna get 3 haunted baking ingredients?
ok i might suck at cooking but that's better than eating pumpkin bread
I was waiting for Pimblokto to appear all oiled up and healthy
That bread looks dry as Fuck;)
Such rich content. I appreciate the time you put into these amazing videos. You dont feel the need to mass produce bullshit. Just quality content every time. It's always worth the wait.
It’s my bday
What you do its simply art
FINALLY
You can wang jangle my thingamabob!
This is great .
This bread is extremely evil and cursed, but it TASTES SO GOOD!
Wow, you still haven’t forgiven your mom for the pumpkin pie spice m...
I can tell you from personal experience, NO ONE is better than Your Mom.
Plz subsctibe my channel
wtf did i just watch, i thought this was a cooking tutorial
Damn nigga why you so wierd
Everyday I hope for the return of the eggs
A day when YSAC uploads is a very good day
Why am I only finding out about this now? Just amazing
One of your best songs at the end
If you even eat or cook pumpkin bread you suck at cooking.
Dog footage is BACK!!!! Hype
We're have u been
Its the little quotes that count??
Hello, Humans. Terrance walks through his nightmares, with a machete. This machete allows him to kill many demons and monsters alike. Such nightmares, become ten times worse, everytime Terrance sleeps. What should be rest and peace, is nothing but anger and suffering. The anger and the machete become one. One that crushes demons and stands up to the flames of darkness. The darkness almost consumes Terrance. The machete brings about scary power. Once Terrance unleashes the full power of the machete, the nightmare ends and he wakes up, on the floor covered in his own blood. Terrance has enough scars to last 100 life times. TERRANCE OUT
Awwwwww, that winter hibernation fort looks amazing.
Your funny songs are getting longer. I like it. You are my favorite Youtuber right now I can't wait to see what you come up with next.
I've heard that cans of pumpkin actually isn't pumpkin. It's squash. So you just made squash bread. And if you use those cans for Thanksgiving and Christmas for pie, you've made squash pie. Oh, the joy.
Thank you for the awesome footage of your dog playing on the beach! Your dog has the best hair ever.
but can it be a halloween decoration?
what kind of dog is that?
Finally someone who gets the hibernation fort.
2:05. "If you don't have two pans, just pour the other half of the batter down the sink." I'm so glad I wasn't drinking my beer when you said that.
Let's get this pumpkin bread
Hehehe enjoyable sense of humor.
Good Content
This shit got me dyingggggggggggg
What do you drive, and is it a Jeep Wangjangler?
Beautiful
??????????
Post ALL of your songs on Spotify :) please <3
1:53 whoop whoop!
Im gonna follow these directions exactly...gotta find me a cordless kinetic screwdriver though...
Wow, thanks for telling me 14 hrs later.
Gagan lupa mabir bos
what’s the bigger illusion time or pumpskin spice mix
“Sneak one piece of candy corn in the loaf and when you and your friends are eating it, say ‘whoever gets a piece of candy corn wins a prize and the prize is..a piece of candy corn. Congratulations you already got it.’ “
That end song was so good. You should start making music I swear.
eat s....
Spooky, i like it
Can you make it without the pecans?
you are never forgotten
Moar dog
THIS IS WHOLESOME
These ingredient is so hard to get..... :"(
Petition for him to add pepper to evey meal just to hear him say it three times.
Ending my blah day on a high note :) Thank you
That’s a cute sheep
I know you are probably very busy but cold you please post more you are such a good channel and I would love to see more of your content
Mmmmmmmm...... that tastes revolting....
We’re making pump - kin bread. I know, I’m sorry.
that doggo is beautiful
Having a weird day. Thank you for blessing me G.
3:25- 4:35 i forgot i was even watching a ysacyyts vid
I want to see what he looks like so bad. ?? I love his voice and singing voice so much
Mmmmm a good video. Worth the wait
I made banana bread for my doctor last week.????????
Huh.....I was just about to make some pumpkin bread
lol omg I was eating pumkin bread this morning
This is my first time watching your channel i was like what dat hell are you doing but aye it was funny????????
Been waiting to long..
Hey guys! i’m 19 years old and make beats if you guys could check me out that would be awesome :)
On trending page after a day?! OK KING!!! ??????
GOD HAS JOINED THE SERVER
LOL S.A.D. lamp. I have a prescription for that.
Someone needs to make all his music into a single playlist.
Does he dog walk?
dude I'm sorry but I used to love these videos at this point they're just played out
I just burned my cereal F**K
Lol no one noticed the star in the spice 0:53
Wow it's almost like there is an entire month worth of effort in this video. Almost...
Still wangjangling after all this time. salute
i just came for the footage of the dogs on slowmo
Are you sure your not Gordon Ramsey
"Nobody cares why bread's bread." I'm hi af and that got deeper than I was ready to handle.
Always manages to get trending yet has only 1 mill subs
the place he lives at is actually really pretty
Damn, that was your best ending song yet
One of the best channels in the whole site probably 1 or 2
My dick fell off
Ur my new favorite cooking YouTuber
You make cooking really entertaining
Pin me plz it help me sleep at night and get through the winter Your vids are awsome
What if I caught the pumpkin in a crescent moon? Will that be fine?
this is my favorite youtube channel, also your hands are beautiful
10 ON TRENDING, YES QUEEN.
You suck at singing yes you totally suck!
I STILL REMEMBER PIMBLOKTO. IS HE OK?!?!?!
A winter hibernation fort actually sounds like a great idea
I'm 40 seconds in and I liked because everything is haunted except the flower
Wangjangle for the win!!!!
i like the dog
this was awesome and I like my own comment
Honest to god I thought that was hash
Number 10 on trending!!!!
Just like grandma used to make
Soo.. PIMBLOCKTO IS DEAD NOT GONNA POP UP FOR THE HOLIDAYS OR YOU JUST LAZY CANT WRITE HIM BACK IN BRO YOURE BECOMING LESS ENJOYABLE AND THAT SUCKS. WE NEED YOU TO BALANCE OUT THE POLITICAL SIDE ISSUES HERE
This song really spoke to me... Why CAN'T I get a grip of the season I'm in???
Where you been
The subtle drill killed me
Hell yes!
I love this channel so much, every new video triggers an hour- long binge
It’s so aweful it’s amazing
Let's get that bread
Raw eggs are my favorite though.
God what are we making something from Skyrim
So good. One question, how many dogs do you own? I’ve seen at least like 10 different dogs in your outro and I can never tell if there yours or your friends that you just use for the vid
Welcome back, daddy. Master daddy.
I'm disappointed in the cooking to jokes ratio in this one. What is this, potatoes?
This channel is EVERYTHING.
my god has been revived welcome back oh lord
Makes me miss Umblotto.
Hi-key want to buy the outtro song. You do not suck at songwriting my dude.
Lol wish I had this channel when young I could have made so many delicious food using my dad's tools. ..Damn ?? why didn't I think of that
Help I have all purpose with purpose flour but I'm the one with no purpose. What do I do?
This is my reciept for pumpkin bread. Only 2 ingreadents. One box of. Spice cake. And. One small can of. Pumpkin. Mix together. Put in a 350 oven. For one. Hour. Very moist. Try it
spoopy
I love these videos man I almost choked on my wonton when he said possessed chicken smh
I, like the pumpkin pie spice, am haunted by the fact you’ve followed your mother into the easy way out.
I can’t find any haunted salt :(
I’d really like to spend a day with the guy that makes these videos. Like what a personality: cooking, singing, humor, dogs
Try pumpkin bread with yogurt (I like nonfat Greek yogurt). You’re welcome.
The songs are back!!! I’ve missed them.
How do I know if the cow is angry?
spook
3:18 I was homeless for 7 year's and three of the seven were spent in a hobbit hole.... Even though it's been 5 year's since then I still miss it a little... Say's while is in a bed watching TV show doing Christmas gift stuff and playing on a phone 8n a house made for people and not animals...
Honestly this was some click bate like to some Howtobasic vid.
That toothpick insertion was very sensual to me
You know it’s October so say haunted Like a hunted pencil
thumbnail looks like hash
2:59 when i think i have a fun idea
Wonderful outro
Wtf am I watching??
Is this bill wurtz?
Congrats on #10 trending
:O #10 on trending, Good Job :D
If I can't find the haunted ingredients, is store bought ok???
Proud of your journey healing.
I miss the robot ??
U should do a face reveal
Where do you find all of these cute dog actors/actresses?
Let’s get this bread
If I don’t have cursed brown sugar, will cursed white sugar work?
How often does he play songs like that on his videos I know he did one similar to it last year
dab
Hoorah!
Fall>
Punkin' bread
Coolest cooking video I’ve ever seen.
Your dog demands his royalty check. I don't blame him He's cute.
FINALLY
Why you judge my cooking skills
Post more videos ;-;
Your videos are always amazing! Great job!
I want to try this.
do something for Christmas!!!!!
teach us how to male spiders or something else to do with Halloween
Let's get this pumpkin bread ??
baguette can also mean wand in french. dunno if it ws intentional but for a francophone its pretty funny.
The dog earned my like
"1 cup of chopped walnuts thats had the daylights scared out of it"...LOLOL??
Your dog is the cutest
I liked the fort tbh The video’s pretty nice too of course
NUMBER ONE on trending!
i FUCKING LOVE THAT DOG
Thank God I've missed you
Where do you get all these dogs?
Boy I have been waiting all month for this
“Baking in the undo”-you suck at cooking
#10 on trending
dude that video at the end was majestic as shit
I needed some YSAC ????
Haha the sad lamp! He must live in Seattle
I want bread now
This was a great episode mr food man
I cant see for looking at the light for 7 hours asshole
Your back thank the almighty KEK
Ooooooo fort
ur mom gay
So how many dogs do you have?
Yo there’s someone copying your video style. Just saying
I’m happy u uploaded, but u still need to upload MORE than once a month.
Is there a soundtrack coming out yet
I ?? Canada
Omg you made it
The one YouTuber that has never made a bad video
The pumpkin spice of life! Cute bits of your dog frolicking around the water!
????????this has to be a Halloween episode...I'm guessing
Fuck yeah
mobile data well used
What state does he live in
The song at the end is amazing
This is probably the weirdest thing I’ve ever seen on YouTube
The music has gotten rather good.
I know I suck at cooking. No need to remind me. ??
I literally have been waiting for this for a month, T H A N K
i dont appreciate this blatant winter hate
Have you guys ever wondered if he is the one that actually sucks at cooking ?
That looks good with cuban espresso
You should be on food network
that actually tastes revolting
I laughed so hard at the sad lamp so relatable
why were the dog images vibrating? also who made the guitar noises
be back in 11 months
Omg no way! I actually made this today in culinary and miserably failed.
Hi love your videos keep on keeping on
Ondos on 3 fundo wtf happened to ondos on 4 hundo
YSAC teach me how to cook up some happiness
Your videos always hit too 10 trending when they first come out, and you only upload once a month YouTube algorithm pls explain.
These videos inspire me... But then I realize I can’t cook
Next video can you do a face review when your cooking something
Y Yo You You s You su Hah, go suck a Wang jangle =)
The sad lamp instantly reminded me of the glaring light of the dead of winter
Since we are aproching the 100th episode I wonder what he will do.
See you in a month.
Holy crap that candy corn was definitely having sex with that bread! This is x-rated!
I watch your videos, not just for the cooking and comedy, but also the beautiful Canadian scenery
Wait what was this video about I was too scared
Quality content
Is it a vegan pumpkin?
Damn, that song hit me straight in the heart. Winter can indeed fuck off.
I made one of those hibernation forts. But I find it really hard to breath if I closed all the light source out. I tried opening it a bit but the light just keeps getting in. Anyone have any solutions? so that it is breathable?
what if i just toast an entire pumpkin, is that just a raw loaf of pumpkin bread
When my mother makes her pumpkin bread then that’s when fall starts
How's that hibernation fort going for you?
I blessed it a third time just in case, and now I'm breaking quantum physics of my third being. Cooking at godly sucking levels
2:32 suck that, Socrates
Great song at the end brother!
and you got my sub.
HALLOWEEN
Finally
Okay so are you just posting one a month now, cause I honestly need more ysac in my life, man
A toast to bread, for without bread there would be no toast!
You! Sir! You you you you!! It’s alway been you mr. dog !
When will your album drop?
Gotta pump the kins before you make the bread tho
Thank you for blessing me this day with this bread.
Nice
Great video, great bagcarrotte blessing. Miss pepper pepper pepper doe ;(
Face reveal?
greetings
the snow may be pretty but so is your doggy
i missed you unii chan
who else actually follows the recipe?
You can tell you put hardwork in that song ??
Congratulations. You've just watched the Disney channel.
Final fuckin lee
funny.
I still firmly believe this channel is just a front for his music.
how do you keep getting so many dogs
HES BACK
MOAR YSAC
Congratulations on trending!
OMG i just found your channel and i love you! I'm dying of laughter and your voice is so relaxing. I also like your intro and your ending. Totally subscribing! Keep up the good work!!
Oh thAnk U Sweety. That made my day. Another dOg???? He had a great time.ahh. usually Poodle dawg r not big on water. His he's Labra doo? Or perhaps a Golden naught? A piece of candy corn is no prize. A bucket would be no prize. A boatload would be a curse. Ha!
Those are pecans
How’d I not know about this channel?!
I love this channel. I’m so glad these videos are getting more popular; they are so funny and creative.
hE HaS A DoG?!!!!!!???!! Next video: how to make dog food
Can you like Release that on itunes
Lets get this bread
Yes winter hibernation tent
Great episode as always, but man, right at the end it really struck me just how good your music is. Am I crazy, and has it gotten even better?
instructions unclear, my house is now haunted with three ghosts and one demon
yes
1:04 ??????
You sound like you want to move to Arizona, join us winter doesn't exit here.
Seriously though, I've been trying to find a purpose for all this haunted baking soda I've had in my cupboard. So glad I have a use for it now, THANKS!
More a pumpkin cake hmm? Not dough but batter?
Will you ever do a face reveal? Also, I am undoubtedly going to make this
2:24 You forgot to tell them to buy gold
"move to a nice warm state of denial" I love this channel
I accidentally drank old hot chocolate.
You all might suck at cooking, but I'm special. I cook at sucking.
lets get this (pumpkin) bread
i've been waiting for this??????
Finallllly love ya!!
Why is it trending
TRENDING!!!!
YEAH IT’S FALL MOTHERFUCKERS
dude post more
Binging with Babish collab N O W
Toothpick porn
The best channel
How dare you break all laws of time and physics to hold a piece of bread
I cant find angry cow butter will slightly disturbed cow butter do?
Yay new video
I genuinely love your stuff so fucking much, you are my favorite youtuber
i love this channel
Why this dude so damn talented. Love the outro songs
Your video is the highlight of my week, probably even life
my day got a lot better
If I eat this I would pass out from shear fear and deliciousness
“If you’re not afraid of raw eggs.” Nice reference
Ok guys so just if we believe enough we’ll just be ok or bad at cooking just believe
Where do i find the ghost urine?
I want to hear music you make other than for this channel. Do you have a bandcamp?
the scene at 2:35 was too intimate for me ??
make garlic bread you hipster
How did you come up with the concept for you suck at cooking? You've been round for a long time and still relevant.
Finally a new video
But what if my all purpose flour doesn’t want to be purposefull
Day 2 of subscribing: Finally the last epi- A NEW EPISODE?! Bye homeworks
Festive!
can you eat the dogo?
i love this channel
Ugh I’m so sad. I need my happy lamp
My pp hard
its not pumpkinpumpkin bread its pumpkin bread
I love your dog
I'd honestly love to sleep in a hibernation fort.
Let’s get this pumpkin bread
At around 0:40-ish I realized it's almost Halloween! EDIT: Dude wtf, why do you need half a ton of sugar for BREAD? oO
OMFudgingG he's back
Dude, pumpkin nut bread is made from pumpkin nuts, from a pumpkin tree, not with pumpkin and walnut. That's a cheap knock off! Banana nut bread is also made from banana nuts from banana nut trees.
Seriously, those lyrics and that flow.... Please release an album. Or pursue a music career in some semi-serious capacity, anyways.
Damn that guy makes me question my sexuality
Will you do apple pie?
Y'all: Who buys pumpkin pie spice instead of just making your own? YSAC: MY MOMMY SO SHUT THE FUCK UP
Sacred Wang Jangler
let's get this pumpkin bread??
Screeeeeech XD I live for your videos :3 ????
Hi
Those were... really damn good lyrics! Who even are you today? :D
Now that song in the end was beautiful, really, do you have your music on Spotify, or a second channel? Would love to hear more.
That pumpkin bread is u n b a l a n c e d
Garlic bread, banana bread, and pumpkin bread.the holly trinity
I wasn't ready for that toothpick insertion...nnnghhhh!
Dude these vids are awesome!
Do you have to use these exact ingredients? Because I can’t find any ghosts who are willing to make this.
OHH ITS HALLOWEEN SOON
thanks for an awesome video full of smiles because of you
Damn, no full moon.
loved this ep!!
Winter > summer
Doggo
ok now it’s 100% he lives in rural southwestern Ontario
19 more till 100!
I always eat batter, sometimes it tastes better thank the actual cooked cake, or dessert in general. If I manage to find some cursed brown sugar, I'll try to make this pumpkin bread only to eat its batter.
You still suck at cooking after 81 episodes
I fucked a goat once.
Pumpkin bread is great for making grilled cheese sandwiches. The trick is making sure to use fresh cottage cheese.
Wait so if the eggs come from a possessed chicken, do we not let them say goodbye to each other?
Yo not to mean but when are my eggs
YES
It's been a while since you've been making videos...can you do a video reveal?????? Please!!!!!
I always look forward to these. Thank you!
Im sure you’re hot af Or cute af
and it doesn't make you a better person.
This was on my recommendations
This is the only channel with consistent quality content
Ok but the blanket fort looks comfy as hell
Your songs sound like early Weezer records.
Good morning everybody let’s get this bread
YAAAAAAAASSSSSSSSSSSSSS NEW VIDEO
Most entertaining AND informative channel on Youtube.
These post cooking songs are getting more and more professional... If you pull a joji on us, just keep up the theme of being occasionally about food or cooking in some bizarre and surpringly rhythmic way (like you always do)
What's wrong with raw eggs?
But... but I care about what makes bread, bread
Where do you keep getting all these dogs
Thank you. I needed this today
Sp00ky
Cheered me up after the unfortunate events at the Chippenham v Maidenhead game
I want that mother fucking winter hibernation fort
This man lives in another universe where everything feels right
This video somehow just made me so happy :’) I love how he always inspires me and somehow even brings nostalgia up.
youtube says you have 2 new videos, yet there is only 1. Did you upload and then remove version 1 of this video or something? was just wondering what caused the YT error and figured it may be good for you to know as well. PS I like the way you wangjangle. Very rebellious. Personally I'm more conservative so I live in a tin can.
Do you have 50 different dogs?
1:05 killed me a little
I spooked my walnuts too much and now they're hiding in the back of the pantry and won't come out.
I appreciate that we both hate living on an axis
The song at the end was extra tasty!
Where’s Pimblokto?
The wild ysac has returned once again for its once in a couple year uploads, the people rejoice as it goes back into hibernation for another decade...
what did the pumpkin say to the pumpkin carver cut it out
I think he’s a dog walker!
Awesome Doggie!
Fruit cake is next
Wangjangled?
This is what I needed today
That winter hibernation fort is my dream
You know what guys I think I'm finally good at cooking
I fucking love pumpkin break I make it every year thank you
ew.
I complained last video about not having any ending music. And then this one comes out with a pretty long and pretty awesome song. :)
Finally a new video
oh my beautiful. and it looks absolutely delicious. i really appreciate people like you who take so much time to make videos for other people’s enjoyment. im nod of those people.
Great video! Can’t wait for next years upload
Missed you man
You forgot to tell us to bless the ingredients in the description recipe thanks now my mums possessed by an angry cow
Your dog is so cute!
Says the one who tried pumkin in touster
His music is actually great
What happens if I use a sad lamp?
Thank you.
The recipies a bit different, but me and my mom make pumpkin muffins simillar to this.
Is no one else gonna talk about how awesome that song at the end was? SO GOOOD!!
Gordon Ramsay can't beat him
THE COOKING LORD HAS RETURNED
I usually come here to hear the him sing. It's great. or did someone else sing at the end?
Can't wait for you're next tuesday-ish vid
spooky cooking aaaa
Never clicked so fast before
Pumpkin bread is my favorite bread shaped dessert. Thank you for the recipe and another great video.
lets get this pumpkin bread
A kenitic cordless screwdriver ??
Omg this song at the end. What is it called ???!! Help
Someone pls tell me that dog breed
Tell your dog I said "good dog"
Ondo's on threehundo
bruh i thought that was weed in the thumbnail
* Sobbing * NO MY MOM IS THE BEST COOK
You didn't let the eggs say goodbye
thank you YSAC you have made my day
That's ABS, not PVC!!!!!
Happy to hear that the wang jangle finally made a return.
H I B E R N A T I O N F O R T
what the fuck is this ?
I like the song at the end
When are you gonna drop an album?
are the dogs different every time?
HOW MANY DOGS DO YOU HAVE
What makes bread bread is the fact that 5 symbols have been organized in a way to communicate to people that what it's referring to has been recognized as bread.
cmon ysac, no one will ever be as good as your mom!
Can I get a Spotify link for that song it was actually amazing
Good morning chefs let's get this bread
The DOGGO
Finally
I like your sheep, he is good at fetch.
You know, YSAC, some of your videos of your dog are better than your recipes. (I buy my pumpkin bread at the local bakery!)
ur dog surfer or what?
Pumpkin
all the puppy outros give me life
That blanket fort looks comfy af
eey good doggo
What if my walnuts only had the nightness scared out of them? Could they still work for this recipe?
wait this channel still exists? i thought it went to heaven with all the other enjoyable ones
DAD?
My mom makes pumpkin banana bread its ??
Is the bread supposed to turn to a dog?
Am i the only one who gets emotional while watchin these series?
1000th
You actually confused me on what makes bread bread. Im so lost now.
I swear, this dude needs a Oscar!!
Wouldn’t recommend screwin’ the candy corn...high potential of genetically modifying it.
Uploaded at the same time Babish did, coincidence? I think not
For Tennessee it’s winter
Your dog is looking like my bathrobe
When does the You Suck at Cooking album come out?
When he said time is an illusion I really him to say that helps things make sense
i love it, thank you
I’ve wanted to try some of your excellent tutorials but I don’t know if it’s legal to wang jangle or capture coconuts. It doesn’t seem to be illegal where you cook. Do you know any relative areas where this may be legal?
This is one of the best ones by far??
PS great pooch
Why the fuck don't you have a music label?
My fuckin ghost doesnt want to haunt my flour anymore he's such a grouch
I didn’t get a notification
This music is amazing. Do you have a soundcloud or anything? I'd love to download a full version of this song.
This is so clever. A friend sent me this and I'm digging it. Will sub. XO
Where do you get all these dogs and beautiful scenery from?!
Why did my Fran send me this link to watch a man make a gold bar and play with a wet sponge
Holy heck, thank you. I didnt follow instructions clearly so got my dick stuck in the pumpkin
I have waited so long, and it was so worth it!
just what i needed
Can you tell me how you made that hybernation fort
Shit,Its my favorite type of bread
Where do you get all these doggos?
I've been missing the doggies
i missed the songs at the end
Glob bless you, sir wangjangler
I think the joke of harvesting a pumpkin within 30 days of a full moon is being grossly underappreciated.
I thank the Halloween Spirits for your videos!
Alright you got me at haunted salt. Totally not possible.
Reference from episode 68
I MISSED YOUUUU
Fucking amazing! They’re all good, but it’s been a while since you produced a genuine masterpiece like this one. Made my Halloween, which has gotta be the point, right?
i love that the songs at the end of your videos always sound like Weezer if they didn’t try to be cool
If you like summer because its hot then move to florida, every day is 100 degrees outside
AW FRIG YISSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAHHHH
I saw a dog. I'm a happy pumpkin.
35 pumpkins disliked this video
Yes you uploaded again! Thank you for the amazing videos!
Dude I miss these vids wish they’re were more of them. Great video man keep up the good work.
Finally I have been waiting for a new video I already watched all of them
Wow great vid see you next year!????
What kind of dog?
I love it
3:27 ??
You should put your songs on sound cloud
Inb4trending
So, now I can make a mean loaf of pumpkin bread but I still pretty much suck at cooking...
when's the EP comin out
Ended up with pumpkins growing out of oven, Instructions unclear
Send the ingredients to the pope for extra blessing
put the song on itunes
I could smell wet dog all the way from here
Nice song.
You silly twat. Salt can't be haunted. It is one of the main items that are used to fight ghosts.
Let’s get this bread
ok but that song at the end was a Mood™ thank you
Wait... this is a Halloween video!??
Yes give
I scared the batter too much and now its crying. Thanks for nothing, you monster!
OMG
I can’t wait to do this! I love your videos YSAC!
There’s a different dog every time
Finally
okay, this is epic
You always have different dogs in your videos. How many do you have?
That song is my life dude. I relate so hard.
“Now you wanna sneak one piece of candy corn into each loaf.” phone dies
What a jam
Why is it called bread when it's actually cake?
3:18 I remember when I used to make those when I was young. Those were the good day until I went to high school and got almost no free time left
Should I feel insulted that he is singing a intro about that a suck at cooking idk??????
Face revel face revel face revel face revel face revel face revel face revel face revel face revel face revel face revel face revel face revel face revel face revel
Can I be your slave?
Wow I've now been watching this channel for 3 years... It's great to see this channel grow to size it is now
That is NOT a dog
i NEED a winter hibernation fort
YESSSS.
If you released an album, The YSAC Soundtrack, I'd buy like, at least a dollop of it.
This was my early christmas gift, i am obsessed with your series
Good thing I have all the ingredients in my dungeon where I do my sacrifices
you dirty little pervert. were you scrubbing your onion??!
I live in Florida. What is this winter that you speak of?
For all the comedy (or whatever you're doing) in the videos; you do make some genuinely excellent food.
his voice sounds like tina from bobs burgers
Perfect
You drilled in the candy corn LMFAO
Best song of the series
With all these funky ingredients, I can't help but wonder what affect this bread with have on you once you eat it????
With two cups of sugar, think this deserves the title of cake. Don't sell those spooky ingredients short. Shame on you.
How many dogs do you have or do you rent them for your videos? I swear it's a different dog every time.
You put so much quality into this it's honestly amazing.
i have every single ingredient the only thing i dont have is a bowl
my father is back luvvvvg love lov
how long do i have to wait for news from pimplokto.....
If you can't curse your own brown sugar, storebought is fine.
not the funniest one :/
Guess what Read More I don't really suck at cooking
Wait. Are you english?
Oi oi oi where’s the egg saga. THE STORY MUST CONTINUE
Every time one of these episodes goes up, a little bit of me prays furiously for the return of the Egg story Arc. :'(
Lmao! The song
What beautiful location are you living in? It looks like paradise!
your good boye adds more quality to your videos
?
when is the album coming up? :P
Yay You uploaded a video!
That song was actually pretty good
i saw this and screamed
Huh... Today is a full moon. Looks like I'm going pumpkin hunting
This was posted at 3 am
Fuck yeah
0:48 scared the life outa me
make the canned pumpkin stuff with real pumpkins pls. there is no magical canned pumpkin in finland
I remember when you had around 60k crazy how far you've grown
Iam so pleased that you are still making video's!
You are my fav youtube channel by far
BUT WHERES PIMBLOKTO
Cute dog!
It aint spooky if there aint bones in it -69 or 420
This episode was just ok.
I've bred pumpkin bread before, but I've never tried baking it. Hmmm
Is the song going to be on the album?
Pupper
lets get this bread
This isn't trending yet?
you down play the life long horrific suffering of the cow and how most people do not have genetics to not be sick from the sugar in it alone let alone the protein with gets digested in 4th stomach of cow , didn't know you have a 4th stomach .
That was a really nice song at the end, good video
Can I borrow your drill?
Make more video pls
Is it normal to feel like you're falling in love while watching this video?
The sun is refracted somehow in the song... looks like a mushroom cloud sent to make eternal winter
Of course he’s a dog person
Glad to see someone who remembers to spook the walnuts.
Song slaps.
That was too scary can you please warn us next time when you make a scary video
Wow, how convenient! I guess I was waiting for this
my winter hibernation fort broke and I'm going to die of hypothermia or frostbite if I don't find a new one by December. send help.
Pumpkin bread is the best buttered and wrapped in wax paper. Being a little squished from being in a paper bag for a few hours makes it that much more nostalgic.
We miss Pimblokto! Just repair him
How many not cats do ya have
Littlrely my life
this gave me spook
wassup white boi
Nice
The song at the end was excellent!
God damn it, 20 seconds in and I'm in tears already.
11 months of winter? DO you live in Winnipeg? :3
I'm dying one hundo
Quick question guys!!!!!!! How do I know if my spices are haunted???? where did you get yours?????
Winter = the bestest.
I MADE IT FOR ONCE
Hey its how to basic that talks.
What about the wangjangler-3000
Master of cooking has returned
Finally a halloween themed vid lol
You got a rise out of me with this one..
Your drill sucks ass.
I can't wait to see more new content
You taught me something new, thanks! I always thought baking soda was the same thing as baking powder. Never saw a recipe that included the former, though.
Okay but i actually love you???
You need to post more my man
Dude nice dog! Congrats
YAY finally after a month! ???
"Winter can come for a month and then fuck off." a whole californian mood.
That's a damn nice fort.
I think I hurt my self-hitting the like button! Slow down kids, the video is not going anywhere.
These videos you make are so good, and the food looks so delicious :) And your editing is really nice One question, are you in college ?
xD I love how he's always making fun of shit but had the thoughtful realization to mention that people shouldn't eat raw eggs ;P
Holy shit, your outro song was especially good this time!
How do you know so many dogs?
i’ve been blessed this season
This would be perfect for stapling onto a tree.
This is scary
3:15 Möth joined in room
Who are the 23 "people" who down voted this?
Get it it’s all for Halloween
Salt can't be haunted. Everything else can, but salt, nah.
New YouTube update looks weird
How dare you call me disgusting for eating raw eggs. Maybe i can only eat raw eggs because thats all i have
Noice
These videos are becoming more and more insane! And I don't mean good, I mean actually mad.
I suck at cooking yea I totally suck
I didn't have any haunted spices, so I took the ones that I had and placed them near my computer speakers. I then played a compilation from YouTube of Hillary Clinton's old hag laughter, and that spooked them right up.
58k views 5.8k likes 5.8k/58k×100%=10% 10% of the people that watched this video liked this video I wasted a full 3 minute writing this comment and its getting late and tomorrow i have a math test and i have not studied one bit, i think i will fail the test
At like 5 million subs u should do a face reveal/not face reveal but q&a with ur dog(s).
Instructions unclear accidentally summoned the Pumpkin devil.
Is Pimblockto coming back btw?
Where can I get the orange harvest wand
This is cooking. This is comedy. This is music. This is ART.
I can’t believe you resuscitated congrats
I am literally on a school field trip watching this and all my friends are looking at me.
Never Clicked off buzz feed so quick......
What if I only have possessed baking soda, and not haunted baking soda?
50spoopy100me
i don’t like pumpkin
Report 4 too spooky
I only have a cup and a half of cursed brown sugar. Can I substitute the other cup for cursed regular sugar?
You Suck at Disappointing Me!
That was the best ending song he has ever done! Its so good!!!
this song a bop tho
yuuu suk at kookeeng yeh u totali suk!!!
The song at the end of this one was just fantastic! Love your videos!!
Epic dog footage.
Within 30 days of a full moon? Pretty easy I guess then
Bring back binblocto!!!
I have always liked your ending songs but like This one gotta be my favorite Its so chill
I'm sad. We need more episodes!
the dog bit was epic
succ bread
S P O O K Y B R E A D
I thought in the beginning you would cut the pumking and a slice of a bread would come out. :(
Placed it on the hanger. It fell off and onto my feet where it got busted open. I still suck.
Great episode, I really enjoyed the music afterwards
It’s weird how good at cooking he is
I quited babish's video to watch yours
Lets get that bread
that dog is majestic as fuck
"cordless kinetic screw driver" lol!
I hope you make a song with Bill Wurtz one day
Pumpkin bread sounds awful bet it smells of fart lol
Good dog
Amazing! YSAC rules.
Love the song ??
Where have you been?!?!
That was so so pretty
You are incredible! I subscribed for your sense of humour
if you dont wanna chill in that fort. your'e lying.
Welcome back..
Want this song.
Pssh hey wanna know your worst nightmare? You not sucking at cooking.
That last scene looks like it comes from the San Juans
O my evxihvedhoveod,h
This got me R a t t l e d
Make stroopwafels
I love the dry humor of this man
What state do you live in
Nice face reveal
Despacito
i love this channel
Hi, I love your vids, but WHERE IS PIMBLOCKTO PLEASE I MISS HIM SO MUCH
Damn, I really wanted to see the dog shaking off the water
What's your sweet poochie girl's name? (and lineage)
Where are the Eggisodes
Ysac album needs to happen. Tunes so lit??.
Always impressed!
I want a piece I love pumpkin bread
Get your dog groomed, unless that's a Kurt Cobain costume you've got on him. Great episode
This cooking show isn't that great if still, after watching 81 episodes, I suck at cooking just as much as before
I caught my pumpkin during the bloodmoon 25 days ago . Will the recipe still work
is this a pie? I made pumpkin bread before and I've never put sugar and butter in it... but I'm from Poland so maybe my idea of bread is different
I love u ysac
Thank you for the great video honey??
This time, maybe I'll learn something.
Love u
That scared stick logic would drive many Christians
Where does he live?
every tuesdayish D:<
Yes, I do suck at cooking.
Whats with the Pentegram
Three teaspoons of pumpkin pie spice? You mean 1 tablespoon? What a fool.
I appreciate the amount of effort you put into your videos
hello people that are looking at the comments while watching the video
What happened to the onion?!
What happened to the onion?!
I prefer banana bread
1:44 Why didn't you let your eggs say goodbye? I know they're probably possessed but possessed eggs should still have the right to say goodbye.
i happy now
I wanna make a winter hibernation fort now :(
Fun fact: in french “magic wand” is actually “baguette magique” so that’s a super legit harvest wand
I suck at cooking, yeah, I totally suck... But how did he know?
Ok but the real question is, is pimblokto alive?
My doggo has the same ball
i love you
2:52 Now that's heresy. You need jesus.
Is Pimblokto still rotting in a closet somewhere?
You need to cut your dog's nails, dude.
So...can I have Ur dog?
Man I miss this channel Edit: the dog is good, pure
Oh guys I never looked at the description but its amazimg XD
30 days after a full moon. So.... whenever?
You better stop wishing for winter to go away. We are all about to know what that will be like permanently.
Man that fort is fuckin sick. Can we have a fort tour as your next video?
spice pumpkin
It’s going to be a good day!! Even though I apparently suck at cooking
The effort you put into these videos is amazing. It really inspires me to do nothing because I will never make anything this great.
Where the f do you live dude it looks like North American paradise
Yes
2:34 that shot made me feel uncomfortable
Just move to south america. Or Hawaii. Or anywhere south.
I actually really dug that song.
Why does 2:35 look so sensual?
I thoroughly enjoyed this video.
Plz put the song on Spotify
Lets get this bread
when are you dropping that YSAC mixtape ?
when you post is always the highlight of my day, I wait sometime many months to see you post and I love it, I found your channel around episode 20, and has been my favorite series I have ever seen. Just a quick thank you for posting such great content!
Because you make 1 video every year that’s why you get less views
Really average white girly
Omg i fucking love your vids... I live for them????????
Your eggs... you just dumped them in there without letting them say goodbye.. You monster... Wait.. Halloween special. Is that your costume?
Where can I buy those sacred harvest wands?
Hi
Wait what? How did that pumpkin goo changed into pumpkin bread? Man this is spooky..
Crap! I used the milk from a Mad Cow, instead of an Angry Cow... Feeling a strong urge to go on a rampage now. Cheers!
Spoopy.
Hello random person scrolling through the comments
??????
Guess I have to go pumpkin hunting now
Bruh, that black pipe was ABS not PVC.
2:34 ????
would it be good to use chocolate chips or no also is the something im missing like a show or website or no
Screw this, I'm just gonna drink a glass of raw eggs.
Still not over that pumpkin-pie spice trauma, I see...
Cordless kinetic drill lmaooo..!!
Tasty
Please do more and don't take so long in between
This is literally my favorite channel on YouTube
ty, i needed this!
dog
I was waiting to see why you made a fort on your Instagram
Where do you even get all these diffrent dogs from? Are you a pet sitter on the weekends??
back in my day we used to do the PEPPER PEPPER PEPPER
ugoleh dog
When are you taking this show on the road? I'd totally by a ticket or two! I wouldn't go, but I would buy a couple of tickets.
Pumpkin bread is alive. We're all dead.
YSAC my local grocery store doesn't stock spooky ingredients nor power tools. Any other suggestions on how to summon Sata.. I mean uh make your spooky pumpkin bread?
Spoopy foods
yo that blanket fort looks comfy af
Time is an illusion lunchtime doubly so
One of the best channels on YouTube hands down.
you suck at cooking, more like you suck at uploading more than once a month
10/10
These videos just keep getting better. Thank you Dr. Chef Hands for these blessings.
Sweet puppers. Bread too.
you better put that song on your soundcloud, or else...
OMG YOURE BACK
Reuben, can you find my comment?
I am not sure if I can find those ingredients ??
Another vid of YSAC making a mess, as always. Looks like you got to get out the "Ready And Go 1999+2" to clean this mess up.
New pup? Or new to you? Either way, they are wonderful! Love the song, it's EXACTLY how I feel about winter months. ??
Face reveal video question mark
Great recipe! but i tend to add a pinch of razorblades for a bit more of a blood tasting loaf.
Damnit, I’m late. Well, still loved the video. The celery orange thing looked like a plunger.
Does showing with a EGG means that he is HOW TO BASIC ? Maybe he is?
Please show your face, I will tattoo it on my bun
Aesthetic dog footage??
liked before watching, you're welcome
Your dog is even haunted
spooky
how do u have access to so many dogs
(Maybe a face reveal in a year or something?!?!?!)
This is actually a cake; no resting, batter instead of dough, waaaay sweet
It looks like afghan hash
As a aspiring pastry chef i approve of this
??????????????
Noice jams!
no one says "oops" better than you honestly
Your dog has a better life than me
yo did you steal my dog cause my dog looks like exactly like your bread dude wtf
The end song was jammin though
Yayyyyy! Tysm dude!!!
spooky
"Captured within 30 days of a full moon"
I hate this video but I thumbed it up because: reverse psychology ????
I haven't washed my ysac since last Halloween
Man I sure miss dogs, wish they didn’t go extinct
He wont like this comment.
the dog montage at the end......... so cute
I squeaked when he topples the ingredients with that blessed orange thingy
Can i use this spooky bread to feed my duck?
This made me want to make some pumpkin bread and transwangdoodle it into a poodle and play catch.
Do potato soup please!!!!!
I need that song at the end
2,000,000 subscribers face reveal
Please release the ending song as a stand alone.
Raw flour will give you salmonella before raw egg does.
I suck? :(
S p o o k y B r e a d
Buddy. Last. For the pumpkins.
This is a very good video
I was just binge watching the entire series. Today has been a very good day.
Pumpkin bread???
Spoooooooooky !!!
finally!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Yay. Finishing with a song is back. Feels like old times.
You should make a fkin EP my man
Pro-tip: Pumpkin spice mix is great in curry
You totally suck at cooking oh yeah
YSAC:*Uploads* My depression:"Well, I guess it's our turn to leave."
Yay new ysac
that jheri curl doggo tho
Yes new vid
Tis the season to suck at cooking
Y'all
Winter is that myth global warming got rid of that
I hate you post less!!!! I love your channel!!!!
The last bit before the song really hit me in the seasonal depression...
that is one beautiful curly boi
how does one have a different dog every episode?
Megalovania starts playing ITS SPOOKY TIME
Raaaa!
This song is now one of my favorites of yours along with the bean dip and pierogi song. The snow is fucking majestic, isn't it?
Thanks now my house is haunted with seasonal seasoning ghosts
Piano fingers
Where is your intro
We missed u fam welcome back and do more videos fr
Btw what's the odds of you trying to land a Pineapple 360° Inverted cake/pie?
I think ysac could start a religion
That montage of your dog was so darn cute
When you try to think of something funny to say so that he responds\_(• •)_/
Your dog is a literal ball of fluff i want him
At last ur back bro????
did the doggo try the bread??
After the hibernation make a new year food or something
This reminds of someone making a possessed salad...
Bitchin video! As usual! But that song at the end was jammin! Somewhere I can purchase that beautifully orchestrated piece of heavenly majestic music?
I said I would dress up as your upload schedule for Halloween last year, my friends haven’t seen me since.
If I don't have a ghost, can I pass the water through myself if I'm dead inside?
You comedy is so pure just as this pumpkin bread
3:57 demonetized, parents disappointed, god is angry, have a good day
Just a man, his dog, and some pumpkin bread....yes....
What a great day
bro do you live in narnia?
I always come for the food .... But stay for the Jam
uuuUuuuUUUuuuu spoooOooOOoooOoopy
Why did he use a liquid measuring cup for the brown sugar then a dry cup for the flour? I'll never understand why people don't know they are different
Angry cow butter,??????????
You just made my day a whole lot better
the king has returbned. thamk u.
Beest ending song besides beet dip
Thanks, now the devil is planning a visit to my kitchen.
why do you sound so depressed ??
When is the egg series coming back?
Damn i wanted tasty bread shaped pumpkin
I suck?
Now this is one scary ysac video.
More videos!!!!!!!!! Like 2vids a Month. Like if you agree Spoopy vid BTW
do face reveal
You crack me up! I don't care about the recipe, (I don't like pumkin) but your random jokes make me laugh.
happy spooktober my dudes
Man this video mustve been a mess to make
Ewww Candy corn.
These ingredients are too spooky
Please make an album, I would totally buy it, when it's on sale
Was that the Georgian Bay at the end?
You sweet SOB!!! Thanks for the new vid! My kids and I watch you at least once a week and you bring us MUCH happiness :)
G O O D B O Y
That dog is so handsome!!!!
THANK YOU GOD
Perfect
Where do you get all these different dogs from?
I love this channel also were are your dogs
I have a boner
Where does he find all these different dogs? I want them too!
This video is so spoopy my phone wont load it
The absolute best way to start a morning
Hold up.. Why are you all of a sudden a behavioural health coach? You official suck as a Behavioural Health Coach! (Trademarked)
You Suck at Singing. :-/
our baby's back! i missed you so much :(((
Frist
How do I acquire the cursed brown sugar? Or can I make it at home?
Welp, time to start a YSAC binge once again.
you suck at nothing and i love you
Boop
Wait, I wasn't supposed to slice it up and put it in a toaster? My life has been a lie...
Came for the bread. Stayed for the dog. ??
i was LITERALLY checking an hour ago to see when will you finally post something!!
I'm Earlyiiissshhh??? :D GIMME ALL THE PUMPKIN PLS
ok but if it tastes like cake why is it called bread??
Diss track on god when??
That outro song was really good. Maybe the best yet.
Who the fuck disliked 7 times
Would a wooden spoon be a valid harvest wand for blessing purposes? Or am I doing this all wrong.. my pumpkin goop seems lacking
Defintely BC.. right? Great video. Have a nice day.????
Where do you live? The shots with the dogs and the water are always so pretty
Ah, the baguette. The French sacred harvest wand.
YOU SUCK AT SINGING YEAH YOU TOTALLY SUCK
Early boiz
Gonna be like pumpkin pie and say "piece out"
???????? been waiting so long! Yay!
AH! Such Scary Ingredients..
Happy Tuesday. Let’s get this bread.
All I have is mad cow, will that work?
Every video you make gets funnier
I liked the song at the end.
I think I look forward to your videos more than any other channel. So damn funny.
Phillip starting to look pretty dead at this point.....call TMZ
Spooky food
All kitchen joking aside, raw flour is not safe to eat.
03:18 Damn thats my childhood..
I found the candy corn
Here before trending
but the cow is not angry what should i do :(
Roses are red, chickens go cluck you suck at cooking yeah you totally suck
The scariest thing is I’m still suck at cooking and it’s almost the end of the year, And also I still eat batter with raw eggs on it. No worries, it got blessed so it won’t be so disgusting.
YES YES YES! Thank you! <3
Thumbs up if you enjoy the jingles at the end of all his videos
GOD IS ALIVE
0:31 I don’t know man, that seems like the most complicated ingredient
This video feels like you were in a hurry to make it. More than normal.
Jeezus... YOU KIIL A PUMPKIN!!
YSAC has some deep lore. We need to conduct a study on YSAC time traveling, cuz this is getting out of hand
Pepper pepper pepper
Trumpkin bread.
Thank you.
I wonder if fans from farther south watch this episode and wonder why half of the episode is being passive aggressive toward winter. I'm from Minnesota, so instead of enjoying fall I whinge and yell at the sky for taking away my 16 hour days and turning them into 8 hour days. The sun sets before I can get home from work in mid Winter. I should get a SAD lamp too, thanks for reminding me.
Another hilarious video!!!
0:28 Can I use Diet Ghost?
YAY JUST IN TIME, I WAS ABOUT TO GO TO SLEEP
oh no the white girls are coming
Next Video Coming 2019
Damn, I was hoping to be better than his mom
I hope you upload more videos man because it helps me to be happy and forget what is happening in this cruel, cruel world
Omg ?????? this was so funny
Oh wait shit I'm early
I thought your channel dead
Why do so many annoying hipsters subscribe to this channel???
lets get this ???read
H A U N T E D
I can beat your mom in a cooking 1v1
sooo.... just gotta wait another month or so until a new video then
So, if you made a scary pumpkin bread using some frightened ingredients, does that mean that when I'm scared of people it makes me ready to spook some people on Halloween?
I've been blessed with pumpkin bread this morning. Thank you wangjangle gods.
great vid bro keep up the good work
That baguette looks like it was violated....??
I’m sorry but that toothpick scene was WAYYY too sexual for me. ??
So I have low haunted seasoning will that still work?
Yassssss
Getting Car Seat Headrest vibes from the song. Keep it up ????
I showed my step son your channel one day and he got hooked. Every time he comes over he wants to see a new video! post more please? Already watched all you have out there
I’m am the 303rd comment
James I love you. Wanna live a mutually abusive relationship together until nothing in life matters anymore?
ily
Finally men! soo good to see another new video! love ya
this channel is what you'd get if Exurb1a and binging with Babish had a kid. i love it.
Pumpkin bread comes out the same color it went in. Fact.
hope you have a good day. thanks for the recipe and the laughs
Pumpkin spice season is almost over. The two months of Xmas are almost upon us.
Omg i have the same hand mixer (/???)/
Ahh ysac. You don’t post often, but when you do you know it’s gonna be good.
OUH MY GOD YOURE FINALLY BACK
Omg, it looks good. I'm starvingggg.
Pupper footage made my day.
Damn it! The cow wasn't angry enough. I was so confident in my ability to piss everyone off and I have failed. Well, I give up.... I'm kidding. I hate to lose. I'm bringing in the big guns (my friend. He can piss of anyone. First he makes you laugh. Then he's lying on the floor covered in blood. Oops) The funny thing is: I was halfway through a sad video, mourning the loss of my favourite character before I noticed this video and came to cheer myself up before going back into mourning
What is this? Hogwarts?
I'm having trouble going for that autumnal forest walk. Any advice?
I NEED MOAR VIDS COOKING! I'm just kidding it takes so long because you pour your heart and soul into these videos. I'll wait :)
I don't even like pumpkin but I'm watching the hell outta this
YAYYY!!!!
Finally I've been waiting for this
early bois (20 minutes late)
You are changing lives
i think my cooking skills have improved by this point
NSFW: Toothpick porn
My harvest wand is a giant dildo. Works great and gives it a unique flavour.
??
This guy is a legend (and that view/likes ratio is out of the world)
Instructions unclear got my pee pee stuck in bread
Your blanket fort looks sick, I want one.
HE HAS RETURNED
The internet has been lonely without you..
I just got my picture taken and I look like a goddamn serial killer in it someone send help
as always great vid.... clown approved
You make cool vidios
Hey you can't fool me! You made that bread that was in your hand after the bread in the oven and used editing magic to make it seem like time is an illusion!
You suck at decorating for Halloween yeah you totally suck
I hope you're in film school! ????from????
I need more of this ASAP!!!x10^15
YEEEAAAAAY!!!!!
My favorite part of his video is the music and singing part????
This is such a weird blend of psychedelic humour and actual cooking instructions
3Spooky5me
Two videos in the same day?? Babish you're crazy and unique
Do you actually clean up your kitchen or do you give the bread to your friend so they have To clean it up?
You've still not forgiven your mom for the lie of pumpkin pie spice eh? It's cool, she had it coming.
Now I'm hungry for some græskarbrød
Art.
That's enough internet for today ????
Great job, but HOW MANY DOGS DO YOU HAVE FFS?
3:25 thought you were standing up lmao
Move to Arizona
Hella underated
Did you get possessed?
it was (by the time of upload) 9pm in Thai
I can't tell you how much I miss Egg Story. I'm convinced it's gone the Fox Television route and was cancelled randomly in the middle.
Can I sleep in your winter hypernation fort?
I know it's never gonna happen but still it's my duty "Do a face reveaallll....!!"
spoopy video
Why do you always have a different dog? Do you foster them or something?
Raw cake batter is delicious you're wrong
I really enjoy your vids mate! Glad to see another upload!
Who sucks at cooking?
That ending song tho.
Although with nonexistent interest in cooking, I highly appreciate your videos for the humor. I turn to them when I want a laugh.
I think you are making the cooking videos just so you can write the songs.
I SAID I WAS GONNA DO WORK BUT RIP
Yummy for my tummy
I missed you! DX,
Instructions unclear: I made a butternut squash loaf, please help!
I love you
are the possessed eggs made from a possessed chicken or a possessed basic?
you made my day senpai
It looked BOO-tiful and GOURD-geous.
Thanks - now I'm scared and hungry.
Best thing to pop up on my notifications while on the way to work
What a nice puppy!
another masterpiece
Oh happy day!!
I know you fucked that baguette after you ate the carrot
What a spooky episode.
I feel like there's a theme in this video I just don't know what
Spooky bread*
That song at the end was super unironically good
My body is ready!
The pumpkin I disemboweled for pumpkin seeds this year doesn't know what's coming.
Nice
My water passed through the body of a spirit, will it still work?
i can tell winter is your favorite season
nothing like YSAC to start off the morning
OMG YES A NEW VIID
WE M I S S E D YOU dUÐÉ . AND I LOVE THAT DOGGO.
.
Speaking of what makes bread bread, what makes this one a bread? I mean it's got like eggs and everything...it's pretty much a cake.
Basic white girl bread
can you do a recipe with your dog
My favorite channel is back, have a great day too YSAC!
E
Fun video!!!!  Glad to see this, and you have an excellent day, too, YSAC!!!
Dude, sick pump.
I always look forward to these. Thank you.
if i don't have a sacred celery-orange harvest wand, can i use something else to substitute it?
I screamed when I saw this posted. ~Halloween spirit~
But but but BANANA BREAD!!??
We want pimblokto :c
My daily dose of internet
Dangit
That is the best dog.
Finding yoibest accident that happened to me.
Finaly a video
29 views. 136 comments. 263 likes. Sigh. Good job yt. Good job. Lol love tha vid as always.
26 views, 81 likes.... seems legit
(Uber gay voice) Eaaaaarly
God these episodes help my mood improve so much when the antidepressants take a while to work. Thank you so much for existing ?
(Uber gay voice) Eaaaaarly
Used to much cursed brown sugar now satan is taking me to hell how do i balance it out?
Who else search up revolting
Your videos are just good and simple humor that I admire
gasp
AUSTRIA and the rest of the wörld is häppy you're back. NOW: STAY!!!!
(Uber gay voice) Eaaaaarly
This recipe is too spooky for me
Thanks for being on time for once
I’ll never get tired of this channel. When I become a billionaire I’m going to hire him to talk down to me and treat me terribly while he makes delicious meals for my family.
God has returned
I want that doggo's curls
Nice
26 views and 0 like someting is wrong here..
Uni life is a lot easier now that's to you
Pumpkin everything
Better than HowToBasic
You are a genius
Is all that ingredient blessing activity the reason you took forever for come back? My onion ghost has become an onion poltergeist now. Send help.
How dare you upload in the middle of class. I shouldn’t even have my phone out right now.
1:02 Is that pentagram sacred too?
Just in time for Halloween when I cry in the corner of the room with a bag of candy corn and pumpkin bread
First of. You Suck At Cooking
Nice ingredients
Thank good you came back
To make a sacred harvest baguette, carefully insert a sharp carrot into the anus of the baguette.
That's a thick loaf
I miss the more frequent uploads, could you try and upload a bit more?
I freaking love pumpkin bread thank you so much!! ?
Hi
YASSSSSSSSSSSSS
Where do i find a possessed chicken and cursed brown sugar..
I’ve missed you friend.
Hell yeah I've been waiting all month for this
Let's Get This Bread
Once I saw the eggs I thought that it might be another part of egg story.
Daddy?
"You suck at keeping a regular schedule yeah you totally suck"
FINALLY!
Yay! Sandwich vid ??
School started off sucky today but it just got a whole lot better
Finally
Wow I'm so early yayayyayay
ily
Uploaded a Minute ago, 20 "first" comments! It's an old meme but it Checks out
yummy
Yup best haunted recipe 2018
he is alive... HE IS ALIVE!!!
WHO’S WATCHING THIS IN 2018?
That pentragram was edgy
Damn it! I overslept and missed it!
OH MY GOURD!!!!! Been waiting for a Halloween episode from ya for some inspiration!!!!!
What happens if I don’t have haunted ingredients.
Why do you take baking soda when you use baking powder which contains baking soda? It's kinda redundant.
You should do steak
0:56 oh no, there is a hair on the butter :(
Finally! Time to sell out for pumpkin spice season and lose my soul to the pumpkin spice gods.
I like poop
It's spooky season bois
i missed you so much...
First like!
Finally
Geez man, I don’t suck that much at cooking ....
I was just watching you
Thank the gods I missed watcing your videos at school!
Im basicly gordan ramsey, sometimes i cook 2min needels for 2 mins and 15 seconds
26 views, 81 likes. Okay, YouTube, sure. We'll go with that.
Is anyone else's video screens super zoomed in but everything else is normal? If you fixed it, please tell me how. I can't see anything in the video because its so zoomed.
42nt mmmmmmm....bread
Eyy im early ,love them fresh posessed Chicken eggs
Nèeds fu nny a_nd 0+riginal comment
Haunted
Pumpkine
Its night
Pumpkoon breadq
Can't find any angry cows. They're all large puppies.
Unpopular opinion: Pumpkin pie is gross and is a sin
Did someone say SPOOKMPKIN?
Oooh I just made pumpkin bread the other day!
R E V Ù L T Ï Ñ G
Spoopy
Best bread in the west
Spooky Spoopy Pumpkin Bread
YES new vid
But post more my dude
My favorite show!
Can I get some love, papa?
I’ve made the “you suck at cooking “ song my ringtone.
New video
Finally!!! It’s been a month
Good mornin’
Even Bread is getting Spooooky
Ayeee you postedd and im here for itt
i just clicked away from your channel only to get a notification that you posted, are you watching me
YERRERRRRRR
It's been a long day without you my friend
Yuss
And first like
Good morning dad
I stopped watching binging with babish to come here
This channel uploaded i literally stopped everything i did
First
<3
Hey
Cinnamon toast
Wonderful
Finally
Whats that link icon does anybody know
The GOD has returned to bless us all.
when ysac uploads i regain my will to live
Hell yeah
You are so funny dude
First like. Yahoo
yay you’re back!
Hi
Yay new vid :) you have a great day too.
First like and comment yasssss
I LOVE YOU YOU’RE SO FUNNY ??
Fuck
Oh damn Halloween time
First
1
big
Yeeees ily
HES RETURNED
Yos
Hi
Ayayayayayya
YESSS
Love you
No u
Hi
i missed you...
I LOVE YOU
Yooooi
First
Hm?
“You suck at cooking ya you totally SUCK”
Good morning. Have an excellent day why dontchya.