Yay! Another YouTuber from the great state of Texas!
On one hand I literally cannot believe that anyone who once lived in Washington would ever voluntarily return to place like Texas, and on the other hand is literally impossible for anyone who’s not a millionaire to have a kitchen that large anywhere near Seattle
The attachment you had on the kitchen aid originally would have been best to beat the cream cheese. What you added was a whisk which is intended for more liquidy substances like eggs.
For your next review you should take a look at Volcanic Panic. It is such a weird edutainment game, although it is kind of fun.
"Bobby I tell ya h'what that is some good yum yum. You don't even need any propane accessories to make it!"
"Texas desserts" He didn't even make Frito Pie. For shame.
BOP IT!!
Great video as usual, but I'm really starting to want something other than food videos. Just my opinion though
You should do a video on Pajama Sam 4: Life Is Rough When You Lose Your Stuff! Its actually real
What in Sam hell did I just watch
i mean... thats not really how you fold but it worked out in the end! but please if you ever do bake something in a future brutalfoods please learn how to fold properly, it could mess up the dish and make it flat if you dont fold it right ;;
Don’t pretend to be a redneck it’s weird
No Ian folding is when you take a big spoon or rubber spatula and gently scoop the bottom onto the top of itself and you repeatedly until it’s all mixed this is done so that it doesn’t loose it’s fluff and it’s less dense you don’t need a mixer
Most underrated YouTuber. Your level of quality is very rare...steak.
I live in Texas. I'm glad your in my state! : )
I thought it was illegal to be gay while riding a bull in Texas. The bull is libel. Bull letting dummy on his back for dumb bullshit vids ... to the farm .
i love your vids omg make life amusing and entertaining again
I'm glad to be in texas
Not. Enough. Y'alls. If you want to represent Texas cuisin properly you can NOT skimp on the Y'ALLS !
Thats what I like to call A Plop
Fu*k u make more televoid..end that sh*t but not fast atleast add 2 to 4 episode
has Ian finally transformed his channel into a cooking channel ?
try takis
You really need to do one of these with your friends, it would be funny to just see you and Austin both competitively cooking your own respective dish
love your fridge, just popsicles huh?
The editing in these videos is top notch. Hoping the next video is either a game review or another Yugioh product
I made the Texas Yum-Yum! The only change I'd make is the store-bought crust; I got two smaller graham cracker crusts, which were perfect for the same amount of filling, but the taste of the crusts themselves was a little lackluster. I'm going with two crusts of the same size next time, but I'll make them myself for better flavor. Even with the generic crusts, though, it was pretty tasty. My friends had seconds (and thirds!), and my dad gave me formal permission to make it for family dinners in the future.
More like Brutalmousse, am I right?
i love me some brutal foods! x3 MMMM-mmmm! (seriously though. great show. im very entertained)
look teaster
The most befuddling thing about this video is how after a certain point the line between Ian’s cowboy accent and his actual Texan accent fades into obscurity
The hell happened to the game reviews?
"Mm them suckers tasty!" Brutal Moose
Should I be worried Ian is keeping 30 men in his freezer?
I like how Plops can make both cow and horse noises. What a versatile fellow.
I don’t want to get to the age where I worry about breaking a tooth on a sweet
Not a fan of pudding but that cowboy bark looks very tasty.
You should check out binging with babish his basics series has some good tips
Tip: use a rubber spatula to push the confectioner's sugar off the side of the bowl a couple of times during mixing (like, turn it off, scrape down, turn it back on. Don't scrape while it's running). Anyway, this pie looks so good. Looks better than the allrecipes picture IMO. Honestly I'd just skip the vanilla pudding. Just the chocolate pudding and the whipped cream mixture would be delicious.
No, no more food shit, I’m gonna lose my fucking mind ?????
For whipped cream you are supposed to go slow to fast when mixing
Not gonna lie I actually thought that kitchen was green screened for some reason. Then he opened the fridge and I thought “oh shit, it’s actually real”
My wife claims she can make anything better than you. (We are fans btw)
Is it just me or does Ian’s legs look shorter?
You know, you might like "Super Seducer" - it's a game filled with FMV! It's basically like a "choose your own adventure" kind of thing. You get good choices and bad ones, it's pretty hilarious!
Look up folding on YouTube
I have zero idea who else has been able to give you any tips but here's mine to add to the pile: - You can do the same thing you did with the Werther's with the peanuts, almonds, pretzels, and Oreos. A heavy rolling pin will work much better then a hammer though since it's wider and you'll be able to, once everything is a decent size, roll the pin over all your pieces to help break them down into smaller pieces. - To help some the confectioner sugar problem, turn off the mixer once in a while and scrape the sides of the bowl with a spatula. Depending on how much sugar you're using, you could only need to do it once since confectioner sugar pretty much melts instantly when in contact with any wet ingredient. Spatula's are pretty much your very best friend when it comes to getting anything out of a bowl.
Question, do you have to be riding a bull while making these desserts or is that part optional?
i grew up in texas and i ain't never heard of none of this
this looks like one of jenna marbles' old kitchens
Holy shit I cant stop laughing at the Farmers Only page. " Preferred body type: Living or recently deceased"
Folding means to move from the outer edge to the centre while mixing, usually with a rubber spatula. Also that is one sexy kitchen.
Nice kitchen dude! I guess it's true what they say about Texas.
every time ian pulls out the whisk something in the back of my mind just goes “god dammit”
1:36 stealthy myst joke! nice nice
Rattlesnake on another rattlesnake
Ian, your editing is so beautiful; love it, man.
Watching you manhandle that KitchenAid hurt my soul
You should typically fold anything with whipped egg whites with a rubber spatula, so you don't deflate the egg white's stiff peaks.
I was having a bland day till I saw this Brutal Moose video
do you do weird movements on purpose to edit later, or do you just notice them and add weird edits?
Still waitimg for Plops fanart to show up
I love your channel so much since you started doing these videos
Howdy from Dallas! Love you Ian <3
Remember to watch your sugar intake. Its so bad for you in many ways but if you become diabetic you're fucked.
on this episode of "ian learns how to use a mixer"
Your videos always feel like slightly terrifying fever dreams
The fucking sound effects. Bring the whole thing together.
The echo is terrible
Don’t let PETA see this.
Whenever i react to your videos i find other peoples demons come out of me and i catch it and tell them all to go home and let my soul breathe
His Kool Aid tho
Damn Ian, your hair makes you look like the MOST majestic cowboy.
stay amazing
I appreciate your work.
Where do you live again? Because your local store sounds super crappy.
32:30 Plops plopped.
Remember when Ian used to review video games
This is so f÷%×ing stupid
30 men in my freezer
I'm gonna miss the cramped kitchen All hail the open wide one
My buddy. My pal. My man. I’m gluten free and they’re very different. But now I feel you should do a weird gluten free food episode :p
What was the intro music?
Ooooh a new brutalfoods kitchen? So big and fancy!
15:11 I feel like there was a missed opportunity to do an echo effect on the word somewhere and have a kind of "lost in space" thing. xD Other that the editing is amazing as always. Love your stuff!
Big yeehaw energy
SPAH'S SAPPIN' MAH TASTY TREATS ! YeeY !
i love brutalfoods more than anything else!!!! AMAZING!!!!
19:09 to 19:20 had me laughing so hard
Don't you mean Tasty Stupid Treats?
My beautiful moosy boy! ??
smoke weed
This guy reminds me of a pinterest post gone bad... except he seems proud of his fails.
its cooking cowboy jesus
Boooowls
i feel like you're secretly a DJ, you sample yourself more than Skrillex.
recipes are not direct directions instead you sure use it as a guide so that the thing your making goes well . so maybe next time making this you should think maybe you should put less of (this) or more of (that). for example the pudding you put in the first recipe but you could not listen as watching you messing up is kinda entertaining.
you should get yourself a meat tenderizer for the kitchen. It's just a mallet with spikes on one side, but it's got more surface area on the heads so it doesn't damage the food (or the table for that matter)
10:15 more like phoned it in xD
I recently discoverd this channel, and I gotta say: It cracks me up. The gamevideos but especially the Brutalfoods stuff. I love the editing work. So much thought and detail, fun, cheesy soundeffects and even self-mockery. It's hilarious and awesome. You've got yourself a new sub, sir.
That's an awesome kitchen. I'd wager you're either around the Frisco area or the Mid-Cities?
Brutalfoods suggestion: Plz review the frozen microwave white castle cheeseburgers and hamburgers
As a baker I'm like screaming at the screen. When you are mixing ingredients you need to stop the mixing and scrape the sides in then continue mixing. You also folded it wrong. Also it's easy when everything is room temperature when baking well at least for me Personally I would have chilled each layer to make it spread better
Mmm, that oversized fridge blocking the door triggers meeee
#stopyeehawbullabuse
If there weren't these random bits of editing in there, Ian's vids would not be the same.
After watching a few of your videos I know now why so many americans are that „mega fat“-kind. How many calories does that thing have and how many grams of sugar? I‘m fat but just watching this I feel like I would get an instant sugar shock xD
Agh! Ian nooo. You do not fold things in using a stand mixer. You remove the bowl, take a silicone spatula and fold everything in by hand. See this video here: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YoZcebw9XZo With the bark: you mentioned a really hard time eating it. The chocolate needs to be a bit thinner, and less toppings next time, which makes it easier to eat. Hope this helped.
Try making something with Vienna Sausages ??
Idk why but this got me in a Christmas-y mood
Any chance we could see a Brutalfoods and Cheftronic crossover episode some day ? That would be hilarious.
i feel like the reason i like your videos so much is that we are kindred spirits brothers in pun, united by japes good video ian 10/10 i hope plops is treating u well
PRO SOUTHERN BAKING TIP TIME!!! Cream cheese beats way easier if it's room temp. Next time you use it, leave it out for an hour or two before you use it. It'll combine better and be less chunky. Welcome back to yeehaw territory, buckaroo.
I was left with the satisfactory taste of these foods, my mouth then said Mmm! Them sucker's tasty!
15:03 so when your an old man you'll go to a sadistic jail that pits you against other inmates in endurace competitions because you stole a bag of werthers?
You've yee'd my last haw, partnet.
Hey Ian how was eating at Whataburger again
oh...OH...ohhhh
Glad to see that the "plop" sound effect makes a return.
That's just a theory... A FOOD THEORY!!
Ian, I love you but I honestly never realized how much of a giant pussy you are... I hate sounding like a dick but you're a gentle little flower are ya? ??
"Beat it until it's soft" - Brutalmoose
That edit at 20:43.... Damn that was slick
THAT was, but this isn't.
good video love the editing its pretty good keep it up on those sound effects dude
I see you over there at ohio
Get a kitchen hammer
Watching you cook is just so.... mesmerizing. Like you're so bad at it but you're trying and it's adorable but it bugs me too and it's just so fascinating
Your editing is the best and funniest!!
#Smallmonds
Happy brutalween
The Take 5 bar is so underrated.
Lol I love how your microwave says "your food is ready"
Your eyes are saying "Why did I do this?"
Mr. Ian, it has come to my attention you failed basic english. You see, when the instructions said to FOLD in the whipped cream in, you used the MIXING machine. In order to FOLD in whipped cream, you need a spatula and literally FOLD the cream into the mix. Overall 3/10 would recommend
Holy shit, man I'm from Oklahoma.
fold in is basically gently stir it by taking the stuff on the bottom and fold it over to the top with like a spatula i recommend looking up a video
Hi Ian! It’s not your fault the Kitchenaid Mini didn’t scrape the bottom of the bowl. It has to be adjusted the first time you use it, with a coin in the screw on the side. You just turn it, try it out, turn a little more, until you can hear the paddle scrape softly on the side of the bowl. Looking forward to more Brutalfoods and hope Texas is treating you well! Love from Germany
West Virginia
Hi Ian, long time fan, an idea for a future episode of Brutalfoods, Chocolate Cola Muffins! I make them all the time and them suckers tasty ?? my wife, nephew and myself love you and your food videos keep up the great work, Jonathon, Amanda & Jake ??????
Oooh, I like your fancy turn table!
It's pretty cool knowing one of my favorite YouTubers also lives in Texas though I live in Lubbock it's still cool
New kitchen is really good but i missed old kitchen :(
30:20 "isorrowproductions here with another game of Hearts of Iron IV, diabetes only"
Guys, I think he really enjoywd that "Texas Yum Yum"
Yay~ More brutalfoods :D How to fold, translated into texan (accent: stereotypical) [because aren't I so witty] 1) Carefully scoop yer light stuff on top of yer heavy shit. 2) Wit yer mighteh spatuler, hold yer wedge blade at a ninteh degree angle per-pen-dic-u-lar to dat giant ass bowl of yers. 3) Slowly drop yer spatuler til it hits rock bott'm. 4) Rotate yer bowl thirty-three degrees (or a smidgen, just not a rooting tootin rotation, save that for rodeo partner), while spatuler still in the fillin'. 5) Once yer done rotatin' that tarnation, scrap the spatuler on the opposite side of the bowl til bottoms up. 6) Bring the spatuler back to where you started, but don't you tread on that mixin's durin' so, son, and repeat that darn tootin' process 'til the lord sayeth otherwise cowboy. Normally folding doesn't matter unless you need the fluffiness is integral to the structure of the dish (like souffles, or those weird jesus cookies my mother made that one easter to teach us the resurrection before I decided me and her god weren't friends any more, etc), so I wouldn't worry about it too much. Also, you might not want to call out to ramsay he might die seeing you chop with a knife (you could just do a pulse or two in a blender/food processor if you have one)
I just made buttercream frosting in an electric mixer before watching this, so the struggles you were facing with it were hilarious anf relateable. My stuff always gets stuck to the sides, too.
I absolutely love this video, I've watched it at least 5 times in the last 48 hours, love your videos brutalmoose!! :)
I must say, watching your videos is like escaping the bullcrap of the rest of the world??
It makes me so sad that he didnt even mix the ingeidients knowing well enough that thw mixer didnt do a good job on the sides of thw bowl lol
ian how could you betray me like this,,, gluten free pretzels are more dense, sweeter, and crunchier. the superior pretzel. everyone ive ever talked to prefers gluten free pretzels to regular. slanderous cowman
The beginning is an accurate representation of how we do things in Texas.
Ian, just wanted to let you know that you are my absolute favorite Youtuber. You are the only person I ever get excited about when I see you have a new video up. Keep on keepin on, son.
Thats not really how you fold cream, try wikihow, they know everything.
9:09 your wish can come true if you get the spoon that you had at 4:15 to clean the sides
im making the fuck out of texas yum yum sometime very soon lMAO looks like you're in a house now!!! congrazzi!!!
do you have any thoughts on continuing telivoid? it got left of a cliffhanger.....................
Dark chocolate is one of my favorites! ... 70% is the best :P
It was painful to watch you miss the salt, that recipe needs it. So of course it was not as good :(
Normally, I'd approve of a big kitchen. But when Ian's not fumbling around in what's essentially a back alley with a sink, I feel like we're missing a certain... something. An extra layer of unneeded difficulty that we need.
Not mixing the two, bummer
brutalmoose You still haven’t covered the award winning pc game The Sims 2
Folding it in is to like put it on a spatula thingie and just fold it in. the whole point is to avoid mixing as to not destroy all the air bubbles and keep it light
i'm so glad i'm subscribed to you bro! keep on the great work :)
Boi that is NOT how you fold it in. Use a rubber spatualy to LITERALY fold it over and over gently. Take a quick look at a binging w babish vid.
CONSTRUCTIVE CRITICISM: Softened means you let it warm to room temperature Using a stand mixer you have to pause a few times to scrape down the bowl to make sure everything is evenly mixed Folding is where you put a fluffy ingredient over a dense one. You push your mixing tool into the middle and scoop across the bottom toward one edge, up the side and back toward the center of the top. Then you turn the bowl a small amount and repeat until everything is mixed in.
Texass
Ian! To fold something in means to incorporate slowly with the help of a scraper in such a motion that you lose as little air as possible, it's kind of a circular motion, you'd have to look it up, it's hard to describe. It is done with very light preparations like meringue, or creams. It is done by hand. Sincerely, a gastronomy student. Good luck next time you fold something!
"not sure if it's gonna make it through the crust" literally holding a device made for crust (etc.) cutting Oh, protip: when slicing a pie, to avoid making a mess of the first piece, cut out the pieces next to the one you want, so the first retains shape on exit.
Ian I Love You But Your Kitchen Has So Much Echo
“I’ll shower you in coconut cream pie”
btw, when you measure out something like confectioners sugar or flour, you are supposed to use a sifter and sift into the measuring up, otherwise you're using way too much as it'll be packed into the cup.
you thought gluten-free pretzels were the same as normal pretzels? my dude, how did you live to adulthood being this clueless? and you were surprised by the hard chocolate after keeping it in the freezer for half an hour? and you couldn't foresee the need to press the toppings on the chocolate down to make them stick? and you didnt realise that if you filled up the pie crust with chocolate pudding, nothing else would fit? some of these aren't even cooking errors, they're like navigating the world properly-errors, like pouring a glass full of milk and continuing to pour. i guess i shouldnt complain since thats what i watch for. also "folding" something means that you take a spatula and fold the new ingredient into the mixture by, you know, lifting it up and folding it over itself. like... the meaning of the word 'folding'? oh and "beating" means mixing fast, which is also implied in the name. you are a clown of a person. love u.
Also less chocolate. Speaking from experience
considering you used 2 bags of chocolate morsels, I would do 1 dark and 1 milk.
Nice
at 4:46 turns into ana Kryczbowtv's mushroomland series.
That Texas yum yum reminds me of something I used to make when I was a kid called black bottom pie or something. It was almost exactly the same except for one extra layer at the bottom that was lightly melted chocolate chips. I've gone off chocolate as I've gotten older but I remember really liking it.
darn, never ran into any youtubers in washington, although i ran into the completionist in LAX
Another bark you can do: Milk chocolate bark with crushed candy canes. It's a nice Christmas treat. Oreo truffles are good also. Mum taught me these. (Metric measurements, so bear with me) 300 grams Oreos. 250 grams softened cream cheese. One standard block of chocolate. (I use Cadbury milk chocolate.) Method: -Crush Oreos fine. (In the bag works for the crushing process) -Combine with softened cream cheese. (Make sure it's soft!) -Melt chocolate bar. (You can break into squares and melt in the microwave. Thirty second increments, make sure to use a fork to stir and make sure it's free of lumps.) -Make golf ball sized (Or smaller, but not too small) balls out of the combined cream cheese and Oreo mixture. -Coat them with melted chocolate. -Place onto a tray lined with baking paper. -Chill in fridge for at least two hours and then devour! It's like a ball of Oreo cheesecake covered in chocolate.
Increase mixer speed to high with the whisk attachment to fling everything out into the bowl (instead of sticking to the whisk)
Couple tips from a culinary student, a thread.... To start, when your chopping maybe spread a damp paper towel under tout cutting board, to stop it from sliding around so much. your technique needs work, but not the worst, i would just try to keep the knife down on the board and rock it with the tip always staying on the board.
I love the cooking/tasting videos!! They’re great and I hope you do more!!
In the UK we have a pasty called "yumyums" and they're really sweet and usually covered in sugar
idk what i was expecting with ian cooking but wow that made me physically recoil at almost every step. you’re doing great, keep up the good work
10:37 you made The Stuff god help us all
The pudding looks really good and I'm so happy he came in on that bull in stay the costume for the rest of the video too funny ??
I don’t love chocolate pudding. It’s disgusting.
If you heated the choclate in the oven on the paper you wouldnt need to use a bowl
19:25 chocolate rain
folks, I was literally thinking "partner, y'didnt even dress fer the occasion. points taken off." but points're bein added. this cowboy is mighty happy
Come on Ian.... you just didn't want salt, we can understand
My boyfriend and I were drinking and watching your video. Then we saw your "folding" technique and decided we needed more alcohol.
You remind me of Blake from Workaholics
For the peanuts. Just throw the amount you need in a plastic zip bag, get a cutting board, put an at least once folded dish cloth between the table and the cutting board, put the closed zip bag onto the board and then..... HAMMER DEEZ NUTS DOWN. I recommend getting a wooden meat tenderizer hammer, since they are quite wide and also useful for things like tenderizing meat if you don't crush peanuts.
Is no one gonna tell him that isn't folding...?
Take 5 is good tho
you should do a gluten free taste test of original foods compared to there gluten free counter partners
Why would you leave Washington???
I love how much fun you have shooting and editing your videos and they're so creative and interesting because of it. I think you're the youtuber I get most excited for when your notification pops up saying you uploaded. You could literally just make a video where you microwaved your leftovers and I would watch it. Please keep making awesome stuff!
where i live howdy is a very kind and warm welcome
as a joke you should cook some beef on a future episode and this is plops and then so him with a rips sign, then a sad montage, and then cook the beef as if it was him your costume, who agrees leave a comment on thumbs up, if like this idea!
That clock is really doing the work back there. Might want to start paying it for keeping track of time so well.
The Texas Yum Yum reminds me of a dessert my friend makes. It’s graham cracker crust, cherry pie filling, whipped topping, and I think there’s 1 more ingredient I’m forgetting. It’s pure sugar and tastes really good.
for the pudding one you should let it freeze some more till its almost sold, really tasty that way
P L O P S I S D I S P L E A S E D W I T H Y O U R O F F E R I N G
Is this like the third kitchen you've been in on this series?
get a haircut
Ian, this is how you fold https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=L44FtTXTxWk Great vids man, I'm always excited to see a new vid from you :)
The Bop-It noises when you were taking off the mixer killed me
0 out of 10, you didnt even fold it
i am instantly offended
0/10 for folding. thats mixing not folding
Faster than a rattlesnake on a second rattlesnake.
Your editing always makes me happy
Plops needs to be a recurring character.
30 men in my freezer
Who edits his videos? They do an amazing job lol
where's the game reviewing?
I think the channel name should be You Suck at Cooking
You're an idiot...in the best way possible!
I find your lack of kitchen aid knowledge disturbing.
hope you have settled in your home
If you want to make the bark again, just use a broken up Heath bar for the toffee, though maybe crush it up as fine as you did the Werthers so it doesn't break your teeth. Also, a crushed up Butterfinger bar would have been amazing. Glad to see you're learning some great techniques. :)
This video made my day.
Instead of werther's, use crumbled up heath bars.
Aw man can’t wait for the episode where Moosey cooks Plops Steaks
Only you and Gordon Ramsey can making cooking look fun.
We definitely talk like that here
Browsing through cooking videos(stoned of course, weed just became legal here), but man these are awesome to watch sober or not, you’ve really figured out how to captivate an audience and keep them entertained, instead of just talking and showing us how to cook, you add in these little extra bits to the video that make it more exciting to watch, I can say I’ve never once laughed my ass off at a channel about cooking! definitely subscribing, keep making these awesome videos!
love from Dallas ???
Ram Ranch
Use the rubber spatula to push the shit on the walls down to let it mix
2:59 little did he know.... that was cocaine
Mmm! Them sucker's tasty!
Texas seems like such a wonderful place. I have a friend from Sherman and he talks about it sometimes.
What part Texas u in sun
I'll say it again, these are so great.
Damn, child, guittard chocolate?! Dems some fancy eats. ??
I'm German and the way you pronounced Werther´s hurt my ears pretty badly xD | I liked the video though ! (Also pretzels sounds fckng weird to me haha)
6:57 when I load up PornHub for the 6th time that day
This was in my recommendations for some reason, and I clicked on it expecting to see a pro in the kitchen, and instead I just watched a video of what it looks like when I try to follow a recipe ??
When I saw you substituting werther's HARD candy for toffee, I said outloud nooo. You don't want to put something that hard on stuff you need to chew. Give that at a party and all your guests will crack a tooth. LOL.
I like how Americans call, throwing boxes of processed food together…. a 'recipe'
When things get stuck on the mixer, put it at a higher speed. It will separate and attach to the bowl like it should.
I... I don't know whether this lack of knowledge is scripted or not, but either way, I absolutely love it. The funniest thing to watch. But also the saddest because it insinuates that Ian has barely baked anything before-- (p.s. ian, if you honestly don't know... invest in a rubber spatula thingy to scrape the sides of the mixing bowl.... pls)
plop
Ian your editing gets me every time. when you squashed that guy with a bowl and then his ghost flew up i lost it
i love this show so much! please never look up cooking tips or how to do things, your stumbling through is the best part!
Sea salt on dark chocolate is amazing, would have probably helped your bark. Plop
Is this king of the hill
18:12 the brutal foods meth lab
Man, his hair grows SOOOO fast!
Red Dead Redemption 2 looks sick
Why do you have backup pretzels? We barely even have normal pretzels.
I miss the tiny kitchen
Just looking at the layers that was WAY to much milk. Was the cup and a half from the pudding box or from their recipe?
>texas desserts >no texas sheet cake Understandable tbh. I never had it until I was adult, despite living in Texas my entire life. It seems like a more rural thing, since the only times I've had one I didn't just buy from H-E-B were when visiting my grandaunt's family on the farm. But damn is it amazing. It's sweet and moist, but kind of subtle. Make sure to make one with brown sugar icing.
Great video, i'd advice to thin out your chocolate and even it out more, you had some really thicc chocolate, so no wonder it's overpowering.
Smallmonds.
This editing is amazing, sort of reminds me of Tim and Eric
Can I borrow some of your glorious hair good sir?
I never realized he's from Texas, I guess he does a good job of hiding the accent when he's doing videos.
Bring back tv dinners
Grade A transitions.
Are we just not going to talk about "30 men in my freezer?"
Wow. Don’t know how I found you dude but I’m glad I did! Great content! I’m from Dallas,Tx too!
Back in Texas, huh? Does that mean more collars with PBG?
The editing is on point.
You may want to get an electric wisk for the puddin', and a drink blender for the nuts and oreos. As for the Werther's you want to melt them down 1st like with chocolate then pour it thin on parchment paper thin it out let it set then take a mallet to it to break it down. Then if finer pieces are needed you can put the crushed thin Werther's chunks into the blender.
Why did u get it
You in the country now boy !
America.
I never thought you lived In Texas the Place I live
Is that really how you think Texans talk? I'm offended quite frankly. Your standards are waaaay too high
Now that you're back in Texas, you gotta stop saying "you guys" and start saying "y'all" again.
invite me over and ill cook with you :^)
Welcome back to the greatest state in the union!
Welcome back ian. ?? Looking forward to more future videos.
Paper Towels > Plastic Bag for purposes of crushing. Also press instead of hammer.
“This is my trusty steed plops” this is why I’m subscribed
This has got to be your weirdest Oregon Trail review yet.
MASTER PLOPS IS DISPLEASED EVERYONE RUN
T e x a s Y u m Y u m (Also do a killjoy 2 video)
it's incredible to see what zero cooking experience looks like lol
you seem to cook loads of dishes so far. I'm curious if you end up liking a recipe you've decided to tryout and cook for youtube do you ever make that recipe again as a regular meal once you've finished eating the first one?
Y U M
When u play too much red dead 2
plop
The subtitles for this video were awesome, great job Ian
What kind of grocery store does this man go to
The thing you should've done while making the layers for the "Texas Yum Yum" is that you should've put the pie in the freezer/fridge for each layer. (Also if my English is horrible I'm sorry it's late)
I have officially changed my Horse's name to Plops on Red Dead 2
cooking tips from a cook in training every time you use a cut put a damp cloth under the board makes it more stable, and it makes to easier to chop. when chopping use the tip as a pivot and cut with the heel hand on the back of nife apply downward forces then rotate by 5 to 10 degrees and down again until you reach the maximum you can and go do the same in the other derecshen as fast as you can , ps aly warcks as good as sharp the knife is. try a cloth bag or a rag tied shut then brack the candy in it less loss of smashed goods.
You didn't correctly fold it in
Already been commented, but damn that's a nice new kitchen.
when using a stand mixer youre supposed to scrape the ingredients off the side of the bowl every so often so everything gets incorporated properly to fold ingredients, you take something like a spatula and mix by gently placing the spatula to the bottom of the bowl and fold the ingredients at the bottom of the bowl over the ingredients at the top of the bowl (hence the term "folding"- im bad at explaining things so try googling it if u still dont know how, or try watching like. rosanna pansino or smth) toffee and caramel are slightly different, in that caramel is often just caramalized sugar (which is just heated sugar with a little water added) while toffee is sugar and butter (sometimes with a flavouring) you could have very easily made your own toffee had you so desired however, in the end, none of this matters as long as you like how the final product came out, but just for future reference ig :0c
Why isn’t this a show on the food network channel
I was definitely wondering why you had gluten free pretzels. They do taste different, but I actually like them better. They taste fancier to me, but also less strong on the pretzel flavor. But I also haven't had the real thing in years, for reasons you may suspect.
Damn you always upload such quality content with great editing. Keep it up!
Your food makes me horny
Whenever cutting nuts you should roll the knife
fuck you ian
This is some top-notch video editing and composition. Watching these is always incredible.
you should rename this video "ian vs the kitchen aid"
Damn what shitty store are you going to where they don't have heath bars and all pretzals are gluten free
plops made a big oopsie but he still a thiccy
sniffffff, GOOD
How did you escape the televoid
Can we stop perpetuating the stereotypes of everyone in Texas are cowboys... I'm tired of that drawn out gag.
I feel this is a guy that smokes a lot of pot.
He’s an adult with off brand freezer pops, and kids koolaid bottles... he’s exactly like me
More of this crap please less of the other crap thank you.
This is very spooky! just in time for Halloween!!!! ??!
You have the same model mixer as me! Nice. Those boys are good.
I like Brutal Foods because it's like watching those people from infomercials trying to cook.
It was so yum they had to put 2 to really sell how yum it is
Pro tip: don't follow instructions.
A cup of sugar... holyshit. 4tbs already kinda sweet with that size
Lost it already at "seeking a: cowpoke"
I always enjoy your food videos! Keeps me coming back.
for some reason i want to see a collaboration with Ethan and Babish
I woke up and my phone was playing this Someone get me out of this hell? I'm from Idaho thanks
"Worst case scenario... we have more chocolate." - Cowboy Ian
Pudding pies are great, but I loOOoOoOoove Icebox cake. Just a layer of graham cracker, a nice heaping layer of pudding, more graham cracker, more pudding, then cool whip on the top. Simple, but sooooooo... yumyum. XD Pudding in general is just amazing.
You were definitely in the gluten free section lol, pretzels are just another baked good. Also, Schär gluten free pretzels are as good as normal pretzels, if you want gluten free ones I recommend those.
WHY IS IAN ADDICTED TO HIS WHISK?
-._-.
33 Minutes of Red Dead Redemption 2 Gameplay
18:24 You... NAILED IT!
Great, now I’m craving every single thing in the video. Had to laugh at the “folding” segment, folding is done by hand, not with a machine, the machine just mixes it. You get a large bowl, put your cream cheese stuff in, then with a spatula you scoop some topping up, lay it on top of the cream cheese, then flip that part over. Keep adding topping and flipping over the section you laid it on. If it doesn’t seem very even try scooping up a section of cream cheese/topping and flipping it over on top of another section until it seems fairly uniform. The idea is you want layers of different things to accentuate the different flavors and textures, not a uniform paste.
We don't take too kindly to folk like you 'round these parts.
We'Re GoNnA cOoK yOu On A fUtUrE ePiSoDe
See ya later partner.
When you grabbed the mixing piece with four fingers I just thought to myself: you fucking savage.
Who the hell dislikes a video with this much time put into it? Even if they didn't like it they could still appreciate the effort. :/ ian gang out ??.
If the mixer doesn't get the sides very well you got to scrape the contents of the bowl back into the center with a spoon or rubber spatula.
30 men in the freezer
THIS NEEDS TO BE A NETFLIX SHOW!!
My gran from makes a version of the chocolate bark. Much fewer ingredients though. I never realized it was a texas thing.
I don't like chocolate pudding.
Salt supposedly reduces bitterness, so maybe the dark chocolate would be less overpowering with that extra bit of salt. Suuuper jealous of your kitchen btw.
PLOP
American gigantic milk bottles...
Good beater
You're a Texan? You were really giving me Canadian vibes
This video receives 2 Plop points for its two uses of the sound bite "Plop"
i just realized why i love your editing so much. its very Bill Wurtz -esq. and i mean that as the biggest compliment.
I had a feeling he was going to over do the candy smashing
dawg. I love this shit. at first, i was very resentful because i enjoyed game reviews more. but this is a great evolution of content
Love the Halloween costume
I miss the pc game reviews but this shit is still great
Your editing is amazing ian
Love the Bop-It reference hidden in there
moose? in my city? you bet im bout to catch him on the streets. gonna give him a TV dinner.
At what point did you realize that your channel was destined for cooking videos?
You should invest in a food processor, it helps speed up the process when it comes to chopping, plus less hammers needed. I love your videos and watching you grow and learn more about cooking while enjoying yourself. Also, I love your editing so much, your style is so unique and fresh. I appreciate you so much, for every bit of content you do!
lol you got gluten free pretzels edit: yes they are different PS your grocery store sucks
I swear your editing is some of the most entertaining, creative and wacky stuff I've ever seen. 11/10 hats off good sir.
Hey! My mom has celiacs disease, and you should avoid Gluteno honestly. The quality of their foods (particularly crackers) is not very good. I've found far more delicious gluten free alternatives than their brand ??
so, idk how it happened, but this became a meme food review channel, and i'm okay with this.
What part of texas u in
Instructions unclear, dick stuck in blender
Basically giddy-up from Fortnite
As a native Texan, I approve this message Y'all. Also welcome to Texas, Ian. Enjoy your stay?
Ian when are you getting a brutalmoose fursuit
Please make more videos about video games and movies
Red Dead Redemption 2 looks great
The clock never changes its time. This all took place in one single moment.
Isnt Texas yumyum just Mississippi mud pie?
Ian you could've just broken the candy with a rolling pin without breaking the bag and having to leave the room!
0:37 I think that’s the river in downtown San Antonio
Watching Ian cook is both adorable and frustrating at the same time! It’s like watching a stubborn child try to figure something out by themselves. On one hand, you wanna say, “D’aw! Keep it up buddy! You’ll get it!” But on the other hand it’s like, “omfg just let me show you how to do this ya little brat! I love you but I have things to do before I turn 90!”
Have you heard of Oreo Pudding Pie? It's goood...
He doesn't live in the Texan south, he doesn't know what REAL Texan cuisine is
btw to get the sides u gotta turn of the mixer, scrape down the sides, n start again. ALWAYS SCRAPE DOWN THE STUFF ON THE SIDES CUZ MIXERS DON'T GET IT! U also could've microwaved the frozen whipped topping for like 10 to 30 seconds to make it a bit softer to spread.
To fold something in, you add it to the mixture, used a spatula to dig to the bottom of the bowl and pretend that you're folding an omelet over. Do that a few more times until it's mixed. Also, with a mixer, be sure to scrape the sides of the bowl every now and then!
im from Texas im pretty sure the accent that people do is exaggerated but i say y'all alot i say y'all too much actually
I live in texas and i never seen some of this shit wtf
Wait are you in dallas?? Fan meetup pleeeeaaase
Is this Red Dead Redemption 2?
Texas Yum Yum, I've had it before, as my sister lived several years in Texas, and would make it when she came home for Christmas. Good stuff.
Chorp plop bowl make more food videos this one was great
Red Dead 2 is looking pretty good
Are you really gonna scroll past this without saying Howdy?
Man, never stop making videos.
Red dead redemption 2 looks amazing
Hola coming from Dallas
Dude... just scrape down the sides with the spatula. I love your videos but damn do they make me happy my school made everyone take 2 terms of Home Ec lol. Also made us take 2 of Wood Shop, then you chose the rest. I appreciate the balance. You shouldn't measure the ingredients with the wrapper on XD
#SprinkleBae
Hi ian! im also an amateur chef! im pretty sure you were doing well with chopping those nuts at around 16:26, also, when you used the flat of the knife to crush some of them, that is also something you can do! just not for hard things like nuts. more so for garlic imho. try using a meat tenderizer (any hard object) against the nuts when they're in a couple plastic bags instead, next time. Edit: oh lmao, you did that with the werther's
Rolling pin does a better job.
Crushed Heath Bar is a nice substitute for crushed toffee bits.
when you're crushing buts you should use the side of the blade-
Use a rubber spatula to scrape the inside of the mixing bowl and to fold in the whipped cream.
Love this
So you probably figured this out by now, but you were using the whisking head at first on your electrical mixer. That's no good for thicker ingredients like cream cheese. Also, minor note, when the recipie calls to "fold in" something, you're supposed to make a flipping motion and repeatedly "flip" the base mixture over the ingredient you're adding. I know it might seem unimportant (it wasn't for this recipie) but if you're baking something and the batter isn't mixed propretly, the product may deflate or not bake correctly. This looked great by the way. Totally making that Cowboy Bark. Thanks for showcasing these recipies.
I question anyone so confounded by simple pudding. And there's no way you can go from a tiny apartment to that tricked out kitchen. Somebody moved back in with the family. No shame just saying.
I think the kitchen is so biiiig that now there’s a multiple Ian’s coming out of nowhere
"Preferred body type: Living or recently deceased"
You remind me of Kurtis Conner in the best way possible.
Ok, but Ian is fr hot.
Try it with tapioca
next time, add the salt straight to the chocolate for the base to cut through the richness just a little, and maybe marble some peanut butter/dolce delece in as well. i also wouldn't add oreos as it makes the texture too hard, but add more pretzels definately. also, maybe some freshly cooked, blitzed bacon--just be sure to drain any grease. (i know it sounds weird, but honestly with the nuts, pretzels, salt, etc. already there it would actually work surprisingly well. just don't use milk chocolate for your base if you ever try it.) PS next time you chop nuts, just use a blitzer/food precessor. no muss, no fuss is the Texan way.
Ian: lemme put extra chocolate Ian later on: chocolate is overpowering Never change
Oh yes!!! Yes!!!!!
this video was really stinkin' good
I didn't scowl on my yum yum and it tased a lot worse
noooo you moved out of seattle? i was hoping to someday bump into you
Watching you fuck up the Mixer brought pain to my soul.
When baking, I have learned that you fold things in by using a rubber spatula and gently scoop it all together in a way where it will stay fluffy.
4:46 was that the ted-ed opening?
is Ian a stoner?
Ian, you use a spatula to fold something in.
We'll need some MILUK
Please don't cut nuts like that ever again. :( It's dangerous. The baking aisle at your local grocery store should have pre-chopped nuts in small bags for you to buy. Or you could do the bag technique, but use a rolling pin to roll over them to crush them.
your clock doesnt work did you know
"Fold it in" Proceeds to put it in the mixer.
Nice kitchen, you should try some gluten free recipes!!!!!
are those real plugs in his ears or?
i made choclate bark before with white and milk choclate and m and m
3:21 its cannon that all episodes of https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC18ju52OET36bdewLRHzPdQ (brutalmoose) takes place in a cartin of milk dimension, i need to visit it some time. and is being viewing buy a moose god making pie that is also booth inside and out side the milk cartin dimension 8:47 NOW WHO(you should check out Dr.who if you thought this was a good comment) WANTS TO FOLLOW ME TO VICTORY! TO ONE DIMENSION IN A RANDOM CARTIN OF MILK DIMENSION.
Just some tips: DISCLAIMER: I am not a chef, I just really like to cook 1. While mixing, if you scrape down the sides of the bowl with a spoon or a spatula, it will incorporate everything that is stuck to the sides. 2. Folding is a technique in which you incorporate something fluffy and aerated into your mixture, in your case the cool whip, without beating out all of the air. You simply put your mixing utensil, it can be a spoon, spatula, or even a whisk, into your bowl, and while holding it, rotate your bowl a bit, giving it a little mix, and then gently fold the mixture over itself. Repeat until it is evenly mixed. If the way I described it is a bit unconventional, I'm sorry. 3. The thinner you spread out your chocolate, the thinner the layer of chocolate in your bark will be, and try to get it as even as possible so that you don't get bites that are overwhelmingly chocolate (not that it's a bad thing, but you want to be able to taste the actual toppings as well) but you did your best given you only had a tiny baking sheet and tiny freezer. 4. Gluten-Free baked goods (breads, cookies etc.) are often made with rice flour, because it contains no gluten, which is the stuff that binds baked goods together, so they're not just crumbly pieces of cooked dough, and is also what makes bread chewy. Replacing the regular flour with rice flour, and also the subsequent absence of gluten is why your pretzels might've felt and tasted a bit off. A good replacement if you have celliac or any sort of gluten sensitivity, but if you can, just eat the normal pretzels.
but really who tf has the time to critique him on folding? just let him LIVE
New Brutalfoods episode: 11/10 Folding in ability: 1/10 I love your kitchen shenanigans, Ian, even when you make me cringe by taking the correct mixer attachment off and putting the wrong one on! Keep up the good work!
ian, the man of using a whisk for everything, useful or not
Welcome back to Texas Ian
here we have a review from Texasyumyum, titled "Don't let the devil consume your bum bum"
Welcome back to Texas, if you're even old enough to drink go for classic Texas Tea. Mix of 5 alcohols, citrus flavors, and a splash of coke. https://www.foodnetwork.com/recipes/classic-texas-tea-2273736 <3 It's fairly popular in the West Texas college towns I grew up in.
Are you ever going to continue tellevoid?
i like these types of videos and i think you should keep making them, but i would really like it if you brought back the gaming videos because i really liked them and miss them
Pudding pie is my favorite dessert for the hollidays
None of that is from HEB how is this texan
Aye whats the song at 13:32 during sprinkle time? I am desperately searching for it!
Today on brutal foods - I moved back in with my folks and used their kitchen to film
Ok, I'm italian, so excuse my curioisty and please understand my ignorance... in the U.S. you drink so much milk as it seems? for example in my country it's very very difficult to find someone who drinks milk during lunch or dinner. Most of the people, except children, drink milk only on brekfast (if they drink it at all).
how much did that thing cost you :D
TOFFEE?! JUST GET HEATH, HEATHEN.
Ian moved to Texas? time to just perpetually live at a kroger until i find him
When did this become a cooking channel?(Although as a cooking channel it is kinda like a actual cooking version of you suck at cooking.)
STOP USING YOUR FINGERS FOR STUFF
when using the mixer you should have a spatula to get the powder on the side of the bowl
I love the THICC portions
The new kitchen looks amazing and I'm sure there's lots of room for more craziness, but I miss the tiny kitchen and seeing all of it from one camera angle.
Damn dude. Is that what YouTube money gets you Kitchen Wise? (Spoiler Alert: I doubt it)
im in houston for christmas you should have a meet up id love to see you <3
don't be afraid to put full blast on the mixer
I swear my friends kitchen looks exactly like that.
you didnt fold it in... but the topping doesnt look so airy it needs to be folded in or anything so i wouldve done exactly what you did.
Has a sound person or anyone else commented yet about the ringing sound? at first I thought your voice was hitting something's resonant frequency but then you can hear it on its own at 24:31-24:40. Is it a fan in the background that gets noise-cancelled properly but only if everything stays quiet? That'll never do! I mean unless it comes out in post.
I’m Minnesotan and I often say y’all
30 men in your fridge wait what
I hope your parents watch your videos
Not one “darn tootin’” in the entire video. I’m disappointed, Ian.
Ian, I love your content but your lack of cooking/baking abilities made me frustrated. Still love these videos ????
Plops looks a bit thin... feed the damn thing, Cowboy Ian!
Puts more chocolate than the recipe asks for... Companions about that he can only taste the chocate.
Wtf I never even got to meet you while you were here in Seattle
Ian, you seem... shorter. It must be that Texas has stronger gravity. I suppose everything is bigger in Texas (except Ian).
...is this the old smosh house
These videos are some of the only videos that make me laugh super hard. The editing is the best I've ever seen it's hilarious!
Welcome back to Texas Ian, I missed you. I really wanted to Cowboy Bark to be something special! But that Texas Yum Yum looks mighty fine too. The crust still seems a bit small though...
So did he move in with his parents or is this his own place in Texas? Not judging, just curious.
the dang sound effects at the beginning tripped me up so bad that i genuinely was cringing at how much mud you must've been getting on that kitchen floor, i've never felt so stupid in my life. like...i knew there wasn't really a horse/bull/cow beneath you but my brain really played me
Wtf did you move AGAIN???
When a recipe tells you to fold something into something, evidently what you're doing is making the batter light and fluffy by incorporating air into the mix. Gluten is a substance present in cereal grains, especially wheat, that is responsible for the elastic texture of dough. A mixture of two proteins, it causes illness in people with celiac disease.
god I cant watch this fool cook things. hes just like egoraptor.
Okay I can't stand it....Ian...to fold an ingredient in you need to flip everything together starting from the bottom of the bowl. you need to do this manually. It pretty much is just stirring slightly differently, but its done to incorporate air into the mix - source my mom and all the years I've been cooking
I wonder if Austin is insulted by that introduction
Editing was top notch this video.
Can confirm
is this red dead 2?
Stick!!! The werthers!! In!! A food processor!!!! Asfkgll
Hits "crust" umm smells good
I don't know why but the AOL door opening sound with the open fridge had me in stitches.
So you're going to wear that every time you cook right?
Yum. Yum.
Fold in means take a spatula and then put the whipped topping into the mixture, slowly take the mixture and kinda flop it on top and repeat, kinda like folding sheets
1. Scrap the sides of the mixer with a spatula 2. Fold stuff in by gently "folding" the substance into itself
That hair!!!   <3   For recipe #2, put the peanuts in a bag and hit them with a hammer also
must not comment! i fix these several times a year they aint this hard to make. also place chocolate on baking tray then heat in oven save the spreading
I agree with you Brutalmoose, when you read out the ingredients for the Cowboy ?? Bark I was like “Ugh dark chocolate.” Lol great video as always!
This is easily the best channel on youtube the production value here is unbelievable
I always like how clueless Ian is in all his food videos
ive been going thru a rough time lately and this video really cheered me up... as always your editing is on point and seeing u just acting natural and fun is so refreshing, thank you so much for posting, youre amazing
My mum mentioned that the clock doesn't change from 1:50 the entire video and now I can't see anything but that.
Red Dead Redemption 2 (2018)
It’s Incredibly Hard For me to Take Him Seriously With His Long Hair,Hat,&,Inflatable Bull Costume
It's only been a minute or two but I gotta say: I love your choice of font.
I was watching the food channel a few days ago and honestly, i really want to see Ian cover Cookie salad... because legit its the strangest thing I've ever seen. You serve it warm and its like a pudding? plus you eat it during the main course of the meal.
Your channel and editing reminds me of Cow Chop and Idubbz with some dashes of Eric andre
You should have used an ERGHHHHHHHHHHHH sized sheet.
I hate pudding and Jello. Didn't even like it as a kid. Come at me, losers.
"To yee, or not to yee..." "that is the haw"
If you have a food processor, it makes chopping (read chorping) easier. I'm pretty sure there's a pulse option, so that it doesn't just become a fine powder
As a Texan I can confirm we cook all of our meals while riding various animals through our kitchen
Who I feeding this poor boy? He doesn't understand any food
In the use of a Kitchen Aide mixer: 1). Scrape the sides of the bowl fairly regularly using a spatula ("Scooper Thing") that way it mixes evenly. 2). The whip, which you first started out using, was the right tool for softening cream cheese. You had the right idea to push the cheese out and mix again, but it's easier with a spatula. 3). You can go as fast as you want with a hard or semi-solid ingredient like cream cheese, but when mixing powder and liquid it's best to start on a low setting like 2 or 3 until it's mixed in, this prevents you from getting a face full of powder. 4). The beater (second head you attached) is the correct head to use for folding in ingredients. It's best used on a mid setting, don't put anything in while it's running. Folding in performance 6/10. 5) Always scrape your mixer heads with a spatula before removing them from the mixer. That way nothing goes to waste and you don't have stuff dripping everywhere while you move it to the sink. Doing great, keep it up!
When you're mixing with an electric mixer, pause it half way through and use a spoon to mix the outside parts that didn't get mixed, then resume the electric mixer.
The kitchen is too big Just like Texas
brutalfoods makes me want to be a master chef you should be the host of hell`s kitchen Ian
I want to see a cowboy Ian movie
When I first read it I thought it said Desert recipe reviews hahaha that's a bit culturally insensitive and geographically inaccurate.
My brain is going to explode from the editing.
lit subscribing because i love your use of chromakey. (also texas)
Looking Good, Cowboy ??
Ian's finds out about gulten free pretzels in the worst possible way
>Takes off beater >"Since it says to beat it, I guess I'll use this." >Puts on whisk Ian nooooooo
@ 10:49- Plop levels have reached an all-time high. Also, sounds like he's going to the bathroom :/. Otherwise, this is a fun video to watch! :D
for some reason i now what to see ian wear that get up at a cowboy action shooting contest
I don't understand what the "Folding" accomplished, just toss it in there and let it continue mixing.
Toffee bits are in the baking section next to the chocolate chips. They are the best!
Your reaction to the gluten free pretzels was great ??
I love your mom's kitchen
"I think I just add it in with it going slow?" I mean, no, that's not what folding in means, but also it'll work so who cares
Texas rocks! Brutalfoods rocks! I'm not from Texas but I know that state rocks. Thanks dude, please do some more "poppin cookin" and frozen dinner videos.
Best hair
This was dogshit.
I just wrote my exam and know I failed it even tho I put a lot of effort in it. This gave me joy
24:28 look to the right
OK ok oh my God ok you have to scrape the bowl with a rubber spatula YOURSELF the mixer can't do it for you.... And folding is using a rubber spatula to gently scoop under the batter or whatever it is and literally fold it over itself until mixed. Usually it keeps air in things of you need air in your batter and to gently incorporate things without fuckin up your shit.
not scraping the side of the bowl with a rubber spatula...REEEEEEEE
Ian confused in the grocery store would be a great video and also too relataable.
Penis
I just noticed it was a 30 minute video but that’s ok
"I love Werther`s" I see... 'click unsuscribe'
When you sniffed the crust I was ready for the Freddy fish 2 “oooooooh” voice clip
I love love when you put a video out I don't want you to me lie cuz your videos are like gourmet food you got to wait for the right time to eat it and the time is now Can you could read the phone book and I would watch it cuz your so damn entertaining is that series Televoid! Ever coming back? Keep up the good work every time I see one of your videos you make my day make me so happy and I feel so happy you can make my worst days feel like the brightest
I love the editing
I can hear dentists crying in the distance
Someone get this man a rubber spatula
I just moved to texas within the last few months too. Are you doing a fan meetup any time in the future?
I had subtitles on when the video began so when I saw [galloping] I immediately clicked like. lol
Pulling out the ingredients for the first recipe just gave me flashbacks to my friends who likes baking complaining to me that everytime she wants to bake something new and tries to google the recipe it comes up with a US recipe full of premade ingredients that you can't buy anywhere else. Haha.
23:16 communism
The editing is still top notch.
Why do you look photo shopped in your own kitchen lmao Guess its the lighting idk
I already loved you exploring food in these videos but your editing makes it even more fascinating and fun, never change ??
jokes aside that is actually proper knife technique
Not living on the coast really reduces housing costs.
You’d think it’s a Johnny Test episode with all the sound effects and whip cracks ??
Red dead redemption 2 looks sick
Ian you missed the opportunity to do a Halloween treats video!
To fold, first only fold by hand. To fold, use a rubber spatula and mix in batches using a slow figure 8 motion.
10 out of 10 as always mutalbroose
i could practically smell the chocolate...i gotta make me some of that yum yum
man, the new red dead redemption game sure does look strange.
The editing cracks me up so much
Yeah, I stealing Plops for Red Dead 2 horse name. Thanks, Ian!
folding in means exactly what it sais. You need to get some flat spatula, put your ingrendients together and then fold it, take a spatula, put it in the thing, take a spoonfull of thing and turn it upside down. fold it like you fold paper.
You added to much Chocolate to the bark
i dont like "chocolate pudding". I mean I like chocolate pudding but what you made is a CACAO pudding and its disgusting.
4:52 M-O-U-T-H-F-E-E-L IAN
WHAT THE FUCK WHY HAS IT BEEN 50 FUCKING YEARS SINCE YOUR LAST PC GAME REVIEW I AM RELLY PISSED OFF RIGHT NOW AND IF THE NEXT VIDEO ITS NOT A GAME REVIEW I AM UNSUBSCRIBING
Boy howdy, I wish I had 30 men in my freezer
Ian has anyone ever told u that u are some sort of half-horse half-human hybrid?
I wanna make a vid to show you how to be more efficient and use proper techniques, but your terribleness is so endearing and funny.
E
"that looks correct"
this is amazing
I lost it when the ghost came out and then got slapped
The cookie sheet size description killed me ???? where can I buy the Ian sized version
rip tiny grandpa
Ian next episode you should eAt A TrAY of tUbiFeX WORmS
Go vegan you lovely moose!! Ps our hair is almost the same length
Run the mixer faster and it'll fling the cream cheese out as it goes, the paddle will struggle with the topping and sugar. I feel like the yum yum was enough for two pies. I'm a shitty "from the can spray stuff" whipped cream guy. I hate the frozen stuff. You needed a half sheet pan. That was a quarter sheet. When you use parchment paper, lay it down with the curled side down so it stays put, if your need extra stickiness, a quick Spray of nonstick between the pan and paper does the trick. Get a meat mallet for bag pounding. Also you can mince garlic by peeling the garlic, putting it under plastic wrap on a cutting board and hit it with the meat mallet. Lets you move a bunch of garlic super fast
Most cooking videos you watch somebody who knows how to cook trying to teach the unlearned masses. Brutalmoose shows us someone learning how to cook. Also I love I got a Red Dead Redemption ad while Ian was grinning manically as he smashed Wether Originals.
This channel has gone through such a ridiculous change and I've loved every bit of it.
Your horse is so we’ll be haved :)
This intro is probably the best thing I've ever seen.
"Its not quite as good as the picture, but this is my first time" That could go many ways
Pretty accurate to an actual Texan
this editing is SO GOOD
dude i love the edits you do for all your hand gestures, they always crack me up
I'd kill for one of those Kitchen Aid mixers...but I'd need both money and counter space...
First time seeing cream cheese?
Cream cheese is an abomination almost as bad as mayonnaise. Were it not for that, I would TOTALLY be into the Texas Yum Yum. *fist shake* GOD DAMN YOU CREAM CHEESE FOR RUINING YUMMY DESSERTS!!!!! DX (Also that is the EXACT OPPOSITE of "folding in" when it comes to baking.)
That hair is gettin longer than a horse in the middle of winter (no idea what that actually means)
How do I subscribe twice
It would be nice if TexasMoose would appear as a minor reoccurring character from time to time
add cream to the chocolate next time, it makes it less brittle. and you fucked up on the folding again. Use a rubber spatula and just fold it in by hand. Self explanatory
as a texan, i fucking love this video.
w h a t i n t a r n a t i o n
You should do some Halloween themed foods!
Sad I never ran into Ian in Seattle
Oh, Ians into some freaky shit, huh?
You didn't fold....but I applaude the effort
Aww man! Ian, you're so dedicated! You moved back to Texas just to make this video in time for Red Dead Redemption 2! Hope Rockstar rewards you good for this! ??
4:52 talk about a tasty lick Ian knows how to eat mmm~ ( ?° ?? ?°)
wow ian, this Read Dead Redemption 2 Review is great!
Top shelf editing, nicely done and excellent work on making this fantastic video, also all the foods in the video look mighty tasty <3
I turned on notifications and got nothing thanks YouTube now I ate my burger like a normal person.
Wow, red dead redemption 2 looks great 0:24
15:00 I want a Werther's
Ian keeps moving into places with bigger kitchens. It's going to become such a big problem that eventually, his whole house will just be the kitchen
yum yum
I don't blame you moving from WA especially seattle. Rent is outrageous.
As someone who has been around those kitchen aid mixers her whole life (my mom makes cakes at home), i sorta...hurt...watching you struggle with it, but I was laughing like crazy so it was okay. (Also when stuff sticks to the side, use a spatula to scrape it off and fold it in while the machine is turned off)
I loved this. Good video :-D
all videos from now on need an ian wipe
so, is this the halloween video?
Other Ian at 24:32 makes me nervous
You have to fold in the cheese, David. Fold. In. The. Cheese. David
Dude, you need a slap chop!
I was honestly concerned you were going to put your finger in the mixer while it was running
The Texas Secret: Hammers and Holes
you need a rubber spatula for melted chocolate ian, its too sticky for anything else
Love the kitchen, but There is a lot of reverb. I wonder if there's anything you could do for it. It's not that bad, but it's really easy to notice.
I'm actually in love with all these videos you do, and they always make my day so much brighter. Thank you so much for your beautiful editing skills and your humor and your wonderful skills in the kitchen, and keep up the amazing work!
Why do you look so much like Sohinki from Smosh Games?!?
If you’ve never had it and you’re from Texas, it’s probably not a “Texas treat”. Not to mention it should also include incest since it’s Texas.
It's nearly midnight and I want to run to the store and grab the ingredients for Texas Yum Yum why must you do this to me Ian
Fantastic video, but I think you coulda slapped Plops a little less, he was trying the best he could.
The lighting and kitchen looks so gorgeous that I thought the whole thing was a green screen XD
What i got from this video: The south will rise again.
You're editing has given me a second life thank you. Great video.
proud to be a texan with ian
Should have just mixed the cream cheese in a bowl with a wooden spoon
Your sound effects and editing is so extra I love it! That level of detail is top notch.
Ian just got back from Ram Ranch
Do this for every states and their stereotypes please!
19:15 made me cry, I love your videos so much! can't wait for the next one!
For future reference, you can use a spatula (that scooper thingy) to scrape down the sides while it's mixing, just don't like, stick it into the blades.
I swear you house is the same exact design as my friends house
Sometimes I wonder how human males even survive....I guess that's why so many of them are desperate to have a girlfriend/wife
yeehaw? More like yeenaw ?????
Kitchen looks good Ian
PLOP
Red Dead looks so good
Your audience demands a glutten free review episode
Take 5 bars are fantastic.
watching this with closed captions on is pretty great [Chill, boppy music as Ian desperately struggles]
I love this video so much! I laughed a lot. I enjoy your editing style. It really made my day better.
One of the funniest videos I've seen in a long time. Keep it up Ian!
you should have used Werther's Soft Caramels instead.
Does this video ever fucking end? I feel like ive been watching Ian slap his horse for hours now.
Ian! Why'd you change your icon? I loved that weary moose.
Looks like this guy has way too much fun editing ????
puts in extra dark chocolate there's too much dark chocolate
i fucking love these cooking videos
i love this channel so much
I am 100 percent Texan but I hate ALL of America. Especially bull riding cowboys! Lol jk.
Ian I love how you don't know what you're doing but you cook anyway. It's great for people who don't know how to cook to see that, because anyone can cook, you just need to be like you and just try it, even if it doesn't end up perfect the first time
Dude the PC release of RDR2 looks so damn good. Likely going to buy!
Holy crap! Your kitchen layout is the same as my dad's! Now I have the same attachment to this video as you do to Texas Yum-Yum!
Pause at 2:01 Howdy, they call him Texas Ian. He is anything you need, And I mean anything. Even love...
Welcome back to Texas!
I can no longer discern reality from cream cheese.
Did anybody else scream when he rode in on the bull ???????????? I can’t with those freakin slap noises
Southern / Midwestern potluck food is not remotely good for you but it does tend to be incredibly tasty. If overly sweet.
Loved the use of the green screen at the beginning, Cowboy Ian. Kudos!
Thank you for sprinkles
I hadnt watched this channel in a while and i came back and saw this and holy shit i couldnt stop laughing these are actually hilarious great job man.
This is the craziest review of Red Dead 2 yet
Ian I love you and I've been watching for a long time but I see some of these videos and question if you've ever eaten food before.
We really don't deserve Ian but I'm glad he's with us in this ol cowboy place called Earth.
You know it’s going to be good if he has that great value!
Folding is what it sounds like. You take a rubber spatula, and fold the mix over whatever you're trying to fold in.
...was that a cherry mondo lmao
Plop
The funny thing is that there’s really only Latinos/Latinas where I live in Texas (Fort Bliss)
"Texas yum yum" is called "sex in a pan" where I'm from
Been playing a lot of Red Dead 2, I see.
whos kitchen is that
Texan here and WTF is Texas yum yum??? Loved my whole life here and haven't heard of Texas Yum Yum lmao
The editing is perfection! ??
The peanuts, and other brittle ingredients can be put in a ziplock sandwich bag and hit with a rolling pin
Brutalmoose! that is a bull not a horse! I do not think you can ride a bull like that around lol (I could be wrong thought lol )
Heath bars are toffee, they have em at checkout. Most grocery stores have toffee bits in the baking section next to the chocolate chips. Werthers are hard candies, not toffee. They will not eat the same
this made my day, even if I am a day late.
nice kitchen
I'm definitely going to try the Texas Yum Yum.
I'm subbed and bel rung, but I can't find this is my sub box.
WHY THE FUCK DO I SEE ANYTHING BUT THE ALMIGHTY HEB BRAND PRODUCTS!!!
PLOP
12:01 Every year, millions of plops gets abused each day by their owners, you can help stop it today
P l o p
You are a master of dry humor!!
WHY DO YOU FREEZE THE WHIPPED CREAM!? YOU JUST PUT IT IN THE FRIDGE!
I really love the idea of Brutal Foods, Ian keep it up man, you're awesome!
Thank you, Ian.
Probably wouldn't hurt to invest in a potato masher.
19:09
THATS NO CUP! THATS ONE OF THEM FANCY SPOONS MY WIFE GOT
This is seriously the best editing I've ever seen.
i can't believe you stayed in costume
Folding in ingredients you make a cavity in the center of the bowl of other ingredients, put the ingredient you need to fold in in the center, then scrape the edges into the center and mix it from there
I loved watching “Touch the Food: The Episode” and especially loved that “Full Strength Strongman” Metal song cameo!
I love the lighting in the new room
yo take 5 is bae
You are the best YouTuber.
We Washingtonians lost an awesome fucking moose. We'll miss you buddy, but we won't miss a video!
i fucking swear, my grandparents have almost the exact same kitchen/(at least from what i saw) house layout
make a video on the glutino pretzels
Do another video on lego land 6
I want Binging with Babish to collab with Ian
welcome back to texas, you da best!
Where is the next sex game review
what's the number cause I'm pretty sure this is now the third kitchen
your videos are an art form
Hee yaw
I hope he went to HEB for all these ingredients :)
I'm disappointed you used Great Value instead of Hill Country Fair. 0/5; not Texan enough.
Ian not knowing how to use a mixer is gay culture.
"did I correctly fold it in this time?" No. Folding is done by hand. It's literally an action where you fold one ingredient over the top of the other.
Plop
You mean african american chocolate? Gosh Ian be more sensitive heccin Texan (Lmao love these vids alot!)
The day everything goes right in a BrutalFoods video is the day I unsubscribe.
Remember when this channel made video game reviews and had a rivalry with Caddicurus
I really love your sense of humor and editing style! (also "plops is displeased with your offering" should be a new reaction image)
The farting ziploc bag made me laugh so hard I had to pause, this is peak editing.
18:24 Okay tutorial heads!
The brutal foods kitchen reminds me of one of my classmates kitchens from elementary school in Texas lol
Ian buddy I love your egg tea towel! It's freakin adorbz
I might actually enjoy cooking if I had someone fun like you to cook with, haha. I hope Texas is treating you well so far! Nice digs!
As a Texan, I didn't know that's called a Yum Yum..? I make pudding pies every thanksgiving. Though I add a bit of cool whip to the pudding. Always a hit ?? /obligatory YEEHAW!
1:37 sign: stoop
My culture isn’t your DESERT dweeb Texan gamers rise
Could have named this video Brutalmoose do Texas
Did you eat my snack pack??
21:31 WHY MUST YOU REMIND ME OF MY TORMENT!
This video didn't show up in my subscription box.
WELCOME BACK IAN!!!! BOIIII HOWDY!
@brutalmoose you can hit the 2 on the microwave for an automatic 2 minutes brah
Ian do you have a no Google policy so many questions could be answered by that but I suppose it would be less entertaining so keep up your confused bumbling
I could watch you poorly cook kindergarten level food all day Ian.
Can you please do a whole video on "those things"?
Every time, I think to myself, how can watching someone cook for half an hour possibly be entertaining? Every time, I am wrong.
No, Ian. You did not fold it in correctly. You get an A for effort though. I love you ??
As a Texan I highly enjoyed this video ?? I said to myself" Hey, that looks like a Texas kitchen!" and then you said you had moved back to Texas XD
This was half an hour?! It felt like 10 minutes!
what's the episode where he talks about bugs bunny! and what was up?
I want the recipe for that pie. Though I also wonder if theres a sugar free version? I want to make one for my brother but hes diabetic ;-;
thank you for another great vid, please stop using great value. of you use normal quality ingredients you food will taste better
Oh man this video killed me ?? love ya Ian!
It's strange that Ian, as far as I know, lives alone but buys a whole gallon of milk.
Who’s you’re editor I love all of the dumb transitions and sound effects
Also, are you drinking from a Kool-Aid Bottle?
I would probably freeze the Texas Yum Yum solid as a i don't like the texture of any kind of pudding (SORRY IAN it feels like mayo in my mouth :/). I actually want to try the stuff in this video; it all looks very tasty! Specially the Bark stuff. That has a lot of potential for customization (remove the peanuts and oreos and add caramel popcorn UGH YES).
ian !! i am also a dallas gal who moved to washington but recently moved back! maybe i'll see you and plops around sometime
You were up here in Washington and didn’t even make me a treat? Not cool man
10:13 No. No you did not. Lol Probably wasn’t a big deal for this particular recipe, though. It’s super important if you make something with egg whites, though.
This opening is amazing and your house also looks amazing!
how much texas yum yum you want uh 3? so texas yum yum yum yum yum yum
Glad to see you’re all moved in!
Man, I'd never heard of Texas Yum Yum before, but now I need to eat it!
Did you actually move to Texas? A lot of the newer houses look like that and you passed a lot of places meet where I live, ps I’m also Texan. FortWorth, Dallas, and I’m thinking maybe Denton? Idk, I’m just but a humble and simple Texan child with a beard and fingers as soft as babies but cheeks...
3:55 the look of pure disgust
My gran used to make Texas Yum Yum every christmas, it's AWESOME. It was just called puddin' pie, though. Oh, small town Texas...
I live in Texas and it’s just like Red Dead Redemption 2
Future tip: When using the mixer, use centrifugal force to get the goopy shit out (cream cheese, butter, etc.) by turning it to 10 and letting everything fall off in the bowl. (Also, I've been baking for years and can't fold shit to save my life)
Watching these videos is always a pleasure, Ian. Your editing is honestly the best. Period
man you really do love your whipped topping
I missed this yesterday and I felt bad. Need my fixin' of some BrutalFoods.
Are you salty that the 2nd recipe isn't salty enough?
As usual: dat editing tho
can you do another yugioh video?
0/10 folding
kitchen is only a little bigger than the last one
20:42 that was actually a pretty cool transition
im texan this is offensive
I give your folding a 0/10. You did it completely wrong.
ur supposed to scrape the sides every so often with an electric mixer :(
Never made pudding I just eat the snack packs
You're an idiot
Plops...the best thing I’ve seen all week! Also, if you want your pudding to thicken, try cornstarch!
"Brutalfoods - I'm just doing mah best." - Make that T-Shirt. Do it
For future reference: use the side of the hammer instead of the head. You’re less likely to break the bag. You could also use a rolling pin or a wooden mallet so you don’t break the bag
IAN you mus SIFT your CONFECTIONERS SUGAR before MEASURING!!!!!!!!!!!!!!1
Glad to see I'm not the only one who's confused by kitchen appliances
As a fellow Texan, I approve.
Can you make a Halloween Special for BrutalFoods?
So...I think as a Houstonian I am required to say... Fuck Dallas.
Thats a damnnice kitchen, by tarnation.
You literally look like you're standing... That's the worst costume... The illusion is lost....
Have you ever cooked before.
Go to the candy aisle and look for toffee bars
i had some leftover french silk pie in the fridge so as u can imagine, ive eaten it all while watching this
I have an identical shirt
DOTCH GULCH
sub to brutalmoose for his game reviews years ago. stay for cooking show.
Ian: I don’t want to cut myself! Also Ian: cuts open the chocolate in the most unsafe way possible
Red Dead Redemption II looks so realistic
NOOOOOO I LOVED THE OLD BRUTAL FOODS KITCHEN r.i.p will never forget
That’s a bull not a horse. I don’t understand.
I want Ian to wear Plorps in a future episode as he taste tests a bunch of steaks.
Best cooking show on youtube
As someone coming from the country that invented cake. America. Why.
This was so entertaining.
I love the feeling when you see a random stock photo on a Brutalfoods and are just waiting to see what will happen to it.
I cant eat pudding anymore being lactose
Smolmonds©
Damn, new kicthen again? Where are you gettin' this money?
That molten chocolate... Looks so good and tasty Damn Ian, now i need this in my life
Ian's new legs are as soulless as Plop's eyes
0:09 UGH Wish that was me
With things like peanuts or other kinds of nuts it helps to put them in a plastic bag and use a rolling pin to break them apart
WHAT THE HECK A BIG KITCHEN? HOW IS THIS POSSIBLE?
That Yum Yum looks great. I might try it out myself but use strawberry instead of chocolate pudding cause i dont like chocolate pudding XD great video as always!!! Glad to know the move is done. Kitchen looks great
Bruh you need a flat kitchen hammer, and need to hammer up all of em ingredients yall
This should be on tv
pro tip Ian! if you don't know where to find certain toppings for deserts, you can go to an ice cream or yogurt shop and just buy the toppings off them! (ie: toffee bits)
Pajama sam thank you very much
This is DEFINITELY the right way to announce a move to your viewers.
god i love these
you need puddin just ask team four star
A horse is a steed. A bull is a steer.
notice me senpie
Could have Crushed the Pretzels, Oreos, and Wurthers all together and just mixed and applied to chocolate.
i heard microwaving chocolate is bad. it burns away the sweetness. i would have put that plastic bowl in a pot of boiling water.
Oh precious Ian, how sweet you are - how bad at "folding in ingredients" you are. This actually wasn't terrible, but to truly fold in an ingredient, you'll want to use a rubber spatula to very slowly and gently mix the ingredient in a bowl, scraping up from the bottom of the bowl as you go. Essentially, "folding" is a technique used specifically with light, airy ingredients that you don't want to knock the air out of. So basically it's just mixing as gently as possible, to keep the mixture light and airy! While using a stand mixer wasn't the best idea for this, putting it on the slowest setting was the best option for your chosen technique. <3
Red Dead Redemption 3 Reveal Trailer
Howdy. When folding in dry or liquid ingredients into the other, use a rubber spatula & make figure 8s (like a ballerina in a rodeo). The purpose is to incorporate air into the mix, which adds volume (like in yer mama's perm). Whisking will just beat the air out of it (like beatin' the devil out the sinners).
why did I laugh when you said snack packs
Plops is displeased with your offering!!
Can we make it a new rule that it isn’t a true Brutalfoods video without at least one “plop”?
Farewell, Original Brutal Kitchen. You shall be missed dearly by newcomers and veterans alike.
He should do an Instant Ramen brutalfoods, good video btw.
18:22 is that manly muscles?
IAN JUST GOOGLE HOW TO FOLD STUFF IN BC ITS NOT THE SAME AS MIXING AND YOURE LOSING ANY AIR THAT IT HAD
Mother kept yelling about you using a mixer instead of a hand mixer. Apparently the first accessory you put on it was actually the right one.
Those sound effects from Bop It were an ingenious addition. I don't know how you notice those sorts of opportunities!
That close up of Ian taking a gulp of mailk fucking killed me
"it's very hard" Whaaat, frozen chocolate is hard?!
t e x a s y u m y u m b o i
Eating the two sugariest desserts ive seen in all my life, hes also drinking koolaid. Ian, are you diabetic?
Why is this a food channel now, i do not get it?
I sighed when he came in on the bull
So I thought I would just give you some tips and tricks for using a stand mixer. First of all you were using the right attachment to mix the cream cheese you just need to turn it on a lot higher. Usually around the 6th or 7th setting is where I put it and what you're attempting to do is just beat air into the cream cheese making it "lighter". And it's sticking to the side of the bowl is no problem you just scrape down the bowl. The attachment you put on is for folding in ingredients and mixing them ever so slightly. It's for stuff you don't want to build a lot of gluten in like a crepe. The other attachment is the dough hook and that's for kneading dough so you can bake bread. You're doing a really good job by the way as well. They are a difficult unit to understand sometimes and you seem to grasp the concept pretty quickly. Other than the fact of not plugging it in but I do that all the time so no judgment there.
Real cowboys don’t ride horses, they ride C O W S
I feel like I got called out when he said Ramsay(my last name)
You are SO bad at cooking hahaha.
That "cheesecake" has got to be the most unhealthy dessert I've ever seen lol. The amount of sugar that must be in that! Just looking at it is giving me diabetes.
You living in Texas honestly makes me enjoy living out here a lot more even though we will most likely never actually meet.
Did you enlarge your head? I dunno why but your face looks too big for your body...
And I quote, "I'm going to add more chocolate which can't be that bad just more chocolate" I added too much chocolate ??
You made a Werther's dust shaker... That's kinda amazing.
I just got a Toyota ad in spanish on this video, I have adblock on.
Can you play and find the game kid pix 3D on your channel plz
It appeared to me that youns and ole plop were swimmin' down the river walk in San Antonio if I'm not mistaken. Welcome home cowboy!
Ian! Couple tips for your mixer * the highest setting is for beating stuff - it also helps when something thick like cream cheese is stuck on the inside of the whisk * ALWAYS lock the top down, the last think you want is it opening up
Don't worry Ian. in a few months you'll be Ain'tin and Y'allin like you never left.
He started and stopped cooking all of that at 2:51 in the [MORNING/AFTERNOON]. That's why they likely call him Quickdraw Ian.
Plop
Take 5 is the greatest candy bar of all times
The sound effects are great??
Don’t Fuck With Texas
When using a stand mixer, you need to scrape down the bowl with a spatula to properly mix everything.
Dang it, Youtube! Why do you always give me alerts when Youtubers I'm not subscribed to upload, if you're not even alerting me when great Youtubers like Brutalmoose upload!
I like this video so far but I think you need to reposition the camera a bit. We can't see much on the main camera.
Wait I have real pretzels....Best quote ever
The first recipe is just "sex in a pan" under a different name
Don't think I didn't catch the Myst joke you sly moose ;)
this vid wuz very funny u never disappoint me and I'm excited 4 the next vid
Ian. Listen to me. Buy a coffee grinder. Nuts, oreos, pretzels and chocolate chips. Anything small can be processed in the grinder. You will now thank me for this life-changing pro tip.
I would watch this on Food Network.
I was wondering why you weren't using the Kitchen-aid stand mixer you had on the back counter. It was amusing watching you try and use it. It's something I use on almost a daily basis so to see someone struggle with it is entertaining.
Being someone who's actually from Tx, this is painful.
Everything is perfection as always, Ian. Really enjoyed all of the editing bits, and of course your humor, as always. :) You're seriously one of the best people on this site-I can't get enough of your videos! Hopefully the move went okay and that you're enjoying Texas again. :) Best wishes! Thanks for all the hard work, as always.
I see we have gone full circle with the long hair -> short hair -> long hair thing
Let Little Ian host the show
19:23
October's rolled around, you know what that means... It's Texas Mocking time.
Next time you try to knife a legume, consider a meat tenderizer or a generic kitchen mallet.
You should leave both cream cheese and whipped cream out for a bit to soften before using it next time.
Fuck this I want to watch a man cook microwave dinners in the tiniest space possible dammit! I can't relate to this at all! Love you Ian <3
Has anyone told him that's not a horse?
So weird seeing stock footage of my city on a YT video!
I love watching Ian develop as a cook
You left Seattle?! Sad. I remember when I ran into you at the Fry's in Renton. Good times.
Not even 10 seconds into the video and I'm already laughing. Was not expecting this outfit, my mistake.
The notorious villian Ian with his iconic catchphrase "I want a werthers"
CHOCOLATE RAIN
Welcome back to Texas
Ian has the funniest editting in all youtube! Love your work, man!
Fantastic video Ian! Your editing is both totally original and utterly entertaining.
Waiting for the day Ian gets on the tending list
Hell yes I've been waiting for this
0:03 Me walking into school after playing red dead redemption all weekend.
Thank you for your content as always, Ian!
Word of advice: read the entire recipe through before beginning with the first step, so you don't get surprised part way through. It may even help to rewrite the recipe, to divide up those multi-steps. Also, for chopped nuts, or for crushed grahams or cookies, put the measured amount into a heavy duty plastic bag. Use a meat tenderizer hammer to gently pound them into pieces.
Why was step two beat your wife? Thats weird what website did you get your recipe from?
Rides a bull, adds a horse noise for it... I don't know if it was intentionnal, but it was funny.
Ian do you edit your videos yourself? if so you do a great job on it
U forgot to put the pudding in the microwave and add the colour changing sparkles
One of the only brutal foods I would actually eat lol. Just so you know that "electric mixer" you used is actually generally called a "stand mixer" in recipes and an electric mixer is a hand-held device with two whisks sticking out of a motor to make them spin. I think they work the same though chefs might be mad about that, the only difference is you have to scrape down the sides of a stand mixer so that confectioner sugar would have mixed in better.
"Almonds: so boring" Brought to you by Peanut Gang
Red Dead Redemption 2 leaked DLC footage
This guy reminds me of sheldon from big bang no idea why
I'm sick of the 15 second ads everywhere man
Thank God someone else recognizes the greatness of Take 5
Ian you did have pudding remember... ....the kid cuisine warm pudding
no real texan would use gluten free pretzels!!!! save those fer the liberals!!!!!
Those fucking Bob-It sound effects! Too funny Man too funny.
I love brutalfoods but I hate Texas. Goddamn cowbos always trying to eat my beans.
Still not folding right lol
God, oreos on top of chocolate, pretzels, crushed toffees and nuts? Whoever came up with that recipe didn't know when to stop. And I would have been pretty sparing with the salt anyway.
I love the way you edit man
No see the pudding tastes amazing because the last pudding you had was that warm Kid Cuisine magic shit.
you just recently oved into the condo in Seattle and now Tx .??????
Given I help my mother bake, I found myself going "Scrape the sides! what are you doing!?!" a lot during this video. And I literally said "No, no NO!!! that's not what folding is!". Overall very entertaining video.
why'd ya move home?
Cool cool
With her very first paycheck, my mother went to the store and bought an entire tub of 'whipped topping' and ate it in her car. She can no longer eat, or even smell, 'whipped topping.'
Moosey where do u shop. Try walmart next time.
Mmm! Them sucker's tasty!
Did Ian unhook his clock just so we wouldn't be able to tell how long it took to make these? It's 2:10 the entire time. Haha.
Definitely do an episode on all sorts of gluten-free foods. That would be kind of amazing.
I never thought I'd see Werther's Orignals on this channel. Hmm, not had any for ages. Maybe I should pick some up...
Typically when 'folding' something into mixture one of the techniques use is to take a spatula and make 90 degree turns with it in the bowl. Its done like this os stuff that has air in it like whipped creams or toppings dont lose the air in them during the mixing process. So think almost wrapping the two mixes around each other until they are one rather then just stirring them together.
p l o p
I can’t see I’ve seen folding done in an electric mixer, usually it’s literally entry folding with a silicone spatula. Also, room temperature is super important for incorporating things, especially for ingredients that are supposed to be lighten and airy like whipped cream. Your doing great though! I love watching the process
Is it just me or does Ian move a lot?
As an ex-Wallyworld dairy/frozen stocker, all of this Great Value stuff made me scream in shear horror. Truly an October fright.
Well, shit, welcome back to texas. Winter's here, so that's a thing. Have fun!
Yet another kitchen? You move a lot man, but them all upgrades tho.
If you ever need toffee bits again, you can break up a Heath bar and use that. My grandma has a awesome recipe for Toffee Bit Triangles that uses Heath bars.
That's one way of starting a video.
Plop
The editing in these videos never ceases to make me laugh.
Your editing is so good dude, and in an unsaturated environment like this it makes the content super intriguing.
23:47 30 men in the freezer :o Oh no
This is your magnum opus.
Welcome home dude.
You're using a Kitchen Aid for that? That's overkill lol
We don’t deserve Ian
All Ian has in the freezer is Otter Pops.
20:42 my favorite part!
21:43 Gluten free Brutal Food video confirmed?
Man Red Dead Redemption 2 looks great! You convinced me to buy it
also, as someone who has hammered down dog food for our hissing cockroaches at work, here are a couple of tips: - put the ziploc bag in another ziploc bag - make sure to get as much air out as possible the plastic bag will still rip and tear, but getting the air out first will make it rip less, and having the other bag will make it less of a mess. :-)
When mixing with an electric mixer, you have to use a spatula to push in the batter stuck to the sides of the bowel.
I love the audio editing, just makes every second enjoyable
0:37 i’m pretty sure that’s downtown where i live lmao
I can finally understand what in the tarnation this feller is sayin now that he's speakin proper-like. Welcome back ta Texas!
ahhh the kitchen is sooo big now he has even more room to cook??
Hits like before even watching the whole thing
glad you're back Ian
When you mix in a mixer you are supposed to scrape the sides off every now and again, it helps everything mix :)
Heck yessss! I’ve been obsessed over the older Brutal Foods vids recently, and I’m STOKED to have some new Ian brain candy. Nicely done.
what about the peanut on a food prosesor?
You are my favorite food reviewer.
How Ian makes it seem like too many cooks with one person is beyond me...
plop
I would love to see you review gluten free things. Also I do think the salt would have helped a lot with the bark, it helps to take away from the bitterness of the dark chocolate. Lastly, if ever you make bark again, try tapping the pan after putting the chocolate in while it's still hot, this will even out the ratio of the chocolate and kind of smooth it out.
For future reference, Heath candy bars are 99% toffee.
Chocolate raaaaain
This moment when you see all brutalfoods and that not even twice xD
We want to see more brutalfood :3 please :D
Fingerlickin' good.
This video was pretty yum yum
I need to try that Texas yum yum recipe! In the UK we don't have the Jello puddings so I may have to try it with Angel Delight which is a sort of pudding mix XD
With electric mixers like that, you're supposed to scrape the sides while it's working. And folding is something you do manually. You take your silicon spatula and slowly flip the product into itself, gently. It is quite literally folding.
Ian's steed looks suspiciously like a bull.... What type of bull are you pulling pretending plops is a horse?
This is the best western of our generation.
Please play West of Loathing, Ian! It’s so good, and so western!
Your parents have a very nice kitchen.
0:40 Katamari DamacIAN!
Next time you need stuff like toffee bits, try the baking aisle instead of the candy aisle :)
I'm pretty positive you're supposed to use a rolling pin, not a hammer
Brutalfoods is one of, if not, my favorite YouTube shows, keep it up Ian
you know kinda miss the the old game reviews but this is worth the trade
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vP4vbktd-PM The furst 38 seconds explains and shows what folding something in is
I watch brutalmoose for the plot
Hey Ian, is Televoid coming back?
THIS INTRO IS RACIST!
you should probably invest in a portable electric mixer
omg. gordon ramsey is spinning in his grave.
Ian is certainly doing a great job of integrating back into that weird Texan culture ;)
Best ending ever.
Any day Ian uploads is a good day
So happy you're back! ^-^
Someone send this to Gordon Ramsey so he can learn some tips
You should get the Fallout: Vault Dweller Official Cookbook and make some things in there. Nuka Cola is a must since it's a staple in the game series
I'm so happy you finally get to eat nice yummy cold pudding and not the gross warmed up crap from the TV dinners!
A good way to fold something in is to take a rubber spatula and make a figure 8 with your mix. The idea is to keep it fluffy and full of air.
Dude your humor is great always makes me laugh keep that stuff up
Toffee bits= hard caramel What the fuck, HEATH bars mang.
the best treats for the best state
As a Texan I can confirm that them suckers look tasty.
I really shouldn't be watching Ian's videos when I'm doing something that'll get ruined if I laugh.
when you're taking out the mixer hand at 10:42 and you say "push it" and "twist it"..... are those the fucking sound effects from a Bop-it
ian, if you want to chop something like peanuts without risking your fingers, you can place your free hand over the far end of the blade where nothing is hanging near the edge, and then just rock it from that point back and forth over what you're chopping? it's hard to explain but basically your passive hand holds the far end of the knife down while your dominant hand rocks the blade up and down, and turns it left and right slightly to chop along what you're working on :D
You love the salt, eh? Sounds like someone ought to play them some fightan grames. :3
the fun thing about you being in texas is that could mean i live 20 minute away from you or 5 hours and that's beautiful. also i wanna make you pollo a la plancha sometime my dude! cook for a rad guy.
he used the wrong mixer head! it' s for dough!!
This is my favourite gaming channel
I just wanna thank you for the editing I know it can't be easy but it always brings me joy seeing your silly edits on your videos and I don't know if you really get how much we appreciate it and how much we appreciate you Ian, we love you and hope you have a fang-tastic Halloween ????????
PS: The bit where you were unwrapping the Werther's at maximum speed while maintaining your narration bit at normal, just cemented you as the best video editor who ever lived.
Me: Why do people scream at the tv at sports games? They can't hear you... Also me: OMG DON'T USE THE WHISK ATTACHMENT! NOOO! YOU HAVE TO SCRAPE DOWN THE SIDES AS YOU GO!!
So happy your move went well. When it comes to folding, i always take a little bit and use a wooden spoon to mix in the ingredients. So happy you are back. Cant wait for some more Brutalfoods.
As a Texas, I approve of this video.
Who would've thought sweet Ian was a cowboy all along.
With every episode I’m more and more convinced that Ian doesn’t live in our reality. Every store he goes to has no normal ingredients, he’s unfamiliar with some really basic foods and cooking techniques, he has nothing in his fridge but freezies.
Ian pls scrape the sides of the bowl with a spatula when using any mixer. Certified chef (me) says ur folding technique was not really "folding" but for whipped topping it was ok. Folding means to gently mix with a rubber spatula, usually scraping from under then "folding" over the top. For this, your method worked fine, but for something more delicate than whipped topping (like real whipped cream for example) actual folding should be used.
Best editing in the west.
The Jebediah Ramsay cooking show
i dont like chocolate pudding. i dont like chocolate milk or hot chocolate either.
Ten seconds into the video and I was like "wow. The new Red Dead Redemption looks great"
If you’re melting chocolate use the double boiler method, put a pot with water on the stove then clip on a second thing, kinda like a deep frier but with water and put the chocolate in the smaller bowl inside the big bowl
love that plop sound
RIP old Brutalfoods kitchen [*]
B-oooooooooooooooowwwwwwwwwwl
My husband and I always watch your videos together and I think we wants me to make both of these things now haha.
Gluten free pretzels are exactly the same, the only difference is that they don't get all grossly gummy as you chew them :p
why did i wheeze when you gave plops the texas yum yum
Dude, I've had a phenomenally shitty day and this really helped cheer me up- thanks
the editing is just - :-*
"Are gluten free pretzels different?" How has this man made it more than 20 years on this earth.
This channel made the terrifyingly seamless transition into a food channel and I both love and am intimidated by the fact
Ian you've never had pudding pie before? That's all my family made during holidays
You are the only other person I've ever heard use the word "Larapin" aside from my Step-Mom.
I’m sure some other people have mentioned this, but to keep parchment paper on your tray, put butter on the try to help keep the paper stuck to the tray! Best of luck, Ian!
What an enjoyable fever dream this is
The bark probably needed to be spread thinner so it wasn't quite as chocolate heavy.
17:24 Improvising with those Wethers really shows how you've made GIANT STEPS in your cooking ability.
Should've used Heath bars for a toffee substitute. Since it's just toffee with chocolate on it.
How long we growing this hair Ian?
I can't even hate the intro
Your new kitchen is really beautiful.
The legend himself is back
so are we not gonna talk about the 30 men in my freezer part?
1:50, it will always be 1:50...
Yeah, the gluten free stuff is just terrible, also anyone saying it's 'unhealthy' the only reason they sell it is because of Gluten Allergies. It's like going peanut free because its harmful to some people, that's the logic behind that food fad basically. Just be careful, these item usually cost more for little reason.
MORE PLEASE
That's... definitely not what folding looks like.
I loved this video it was great..Hope to see a thanksgiving and or christmas themed cooking video
Mmmmm, them's suckers tasty
Oh man, that bark would've been so much better with tempered chocolate!
Weeerters
yee (and i can not stress this enough) haw
Texas foods. But no HEB groceries! I've been let down .
'I'm just doing my best' Well your best wasn't good enough, dude. You fail at cooking.
can someone please tell me the song title???
Neat thanks for the Type 2.
Why don't you just Google what you don't know how to do? I mean to be fair it would be a more boring video that way but ya know
[0/11] " NO BLUE BELL !!"
Your kitchens continue to increase in size
I enjoy american desserts which are just other desserts and snacks stacked on top of each other.
Who needs Red Dead Redemption when you have this?
I love your editing!
Chef Ian, can you try to make a raindrop cake? You’ll probably fail, but it’s really fun to watch people attempt it. And I believe in your ability to produce a good failure of a raindrop cake.
I love all the editing in this series. It makes the video much funnier without relying too heavily on what's "in", as the kids are saying these days.
I'm very sad that you left us in washington but your 10/10 content makes up for it
Sorry Ian, I won't tell you how you folded or how you did. I leave all my baking knowledge outside when I watch a Brutalfoods. That way, it's just goofy, silly Moose being endearing. Instead of me being a pedantic arsehole complaining about baking etiquette in a comedy video.
Honestly I prefer the tiny poverty kitchens. It's more relatable to me, Ian, you bourgeoisie scum.
I love u ian??? nice place too!
so, folding is done by hand by using a rubber spatula and gently "folding" whatever ingredient into the others to avoid mixing and stirring, I'd suggest watching a video on it, and with the stand mixer, use a rubber spatula to scrape down the sides to avoid that issue with your sugar.
Do you think someday, Ian will have received enough youtube comments and help to be a human level cook?
Is the cowboy music from roller coaster tycoon 3? It sounds so familiar
The only yum yums I know are twisted donoughts.
I had deja Vu at 14:52 I just remember seeing Ian in a cowboy costume and talking about toffee bits. It really freaked me out.
thanks Ian. your paddle attachment is weird get a new one if it didnt come with one, it should look like yours but with a more in the middle . my teen and hubby love you as a mom i find your cooking insane. ThankQ
that costume is incredible
Ian shares my love for Take5 ??
You should've done a thinner layer of chocolate for the bark thing and the Texas yum yum looks really good
God damn that kitchen is hella nice
did you grocery shop at a staples????
Can you try making what’s called a Jello Cake? It’s super good and moist and I want to prove to my friends it’s a real thing lol
Your kitchen is gorgeous! I cannot wait to see more videos filmed in here, looks like you have a lot of room for shenanigans. And more Plops.
When smashing things in a bag a rolling pin is better.
Thank you for sprinkles
3 seconds in I'm in love
I live in Texas and I’m not even joking when I say this, when I saw the kitchen and the placement of everything I thought it was my kitchen. I was like “what the fuck..?”
As a general rule of thumb : use all room temp ingredients it’s easier 4 them to incorporate n work with :) if your cream cheese and whipped topping was room temp it’d make beating a breeze!
I don't know about you, but that was definitely some food
I’d love for BrutalMoose to mix his video game and food content and play games like my childhood favorite Disney Kitchen (I don’t remember if that’s the name for sure) or other food related games.
For the Yum Yum, I'd try an Oreo crust and way less chocolate, that might also be a good time. As for the Bark, I'd actually melt Hershey bars as opposed to milk chocolate chips and then go from there. Great video!
Hot damn! You moved back to Texas? Guess Texas couldn't leave you at all. Either way, welcome back to Texas!
This jerk ass rode this poor tiny horse the whole video. Without giving him a break! Unsubcribble
Wow i just made a chocolate pudding pie last nite and have never made one before! Great vid!
It just dawned on me that there are people out there who've never backed or used backing equipment
Lmao the chocolate sprinkles look like ants on the pudding pie wowie
Boy howdy didnt sid from Hey Arnold! Say that? I checked...yeah he did.
This is like Ian's 3rd kitchen on this show? Very mobile master chef.
I am consistently in awe of the fact that Ian owns a stand mixer
For cowboy bark you should have used heath bar
Wrap the bag in a towel before you do the smashy smashy my friend. It will help with the bag tearing problem.
I missed your cooking videos!! Got back from work and i saw this bad boy and clicked faster than you can say chorped. My fiance got an aneurysm from watching you cook lmao 10/10 would make recipe!!! Thanks Ian keep it up!!
Instead of a hammer you can use a heavy rolling pin and a chopping board to break things up in a bag like that
<3
Who needs read dead redemption 2 when Ian, the texan is here to solve our western Bordem!
Toffee bits are usually found in the baking aisle or in a bulk food store
I was about to talk shit about you but then you said you were from Texas just like me so yee haw
How hard did you have to struggle to not say that the Texas Yum Yum was yum yum for your tum tum?
As you move into your expensive new apartment, I hope you don’t suddenly become unfunny like Ethan and Hila.
That Texas Yum Yum looked really good. I may have to make it.
Ian wtf ??
I think its funny that most youtubers seem to get more polished and clean-looking as they get bigger, but Ian has become more scruffy as he got more successful. Love ya Ian, glad to be a long-time subscriber. Me me, I'm a Brutalmoose boy
I love how this video game channel just turned into a cooking channel
I was sold on this video in the first 5 seconds.
Folding in is literally using a spatula to 'fold' in the ingredient... So bring a fold up from the side of the bowl and into the middle. Basically, do it very gently and without adding a lot of air into the batter.
Also, only use the whisk (metal head) when it says whisk, haga
Here's a tip, Ian... In recipes, works like 'mix' 'beat' 'combine' etc. all have actual speeds on a mixer... If you look up the user guide for that mixer, it'll include what speed each word means!
Welcome back to Texas, Ian!
Ian, I was stressed through this video. But I about lost it when you cut into the yum yum and used the scooper backwards.
Your next video should have something to do with Steak now XD or Hamburg.
As someone who has to eat gluten free food I loved your response to the gluten free pretzels.. You should do a gf episode :) it's all gross
Cooking tip: when using most stand mixers things will get stuck on the side/ on the attachments. Stopping the mixer and using a silicone spatula to scrape the sides of the bowl into the middle will help get it all mixed.
yeeha
Who edits these videos they are amazing
Wow, the new Red Dead Redemption spin-off franchise is looking great!
this isnt ian's new house, he just broke in, hence his unfamiliarity with the mixers and then his loss to the location of the salt
WAYYYY too long since your last video. Nice looking place though. Get your shit together moose and upload more videos!
Your editing always makes me laugh! You are honestly so talented. Thanks for making stuff that we can enjoy too!
is your clock in the back ground working??????
I had to watch this on 2x speed cause I was short on time and it’s the ideal way to watch this tbh
I'm hyper for the cooking plops episode!
Always sift confectioners sugar so you don't get clumps
Ian has reached god tier editing levels
on the one hand, I found myself talking at you through the screen (which of course I know it's pointless, it's a Monday) but on the other hand, I enjoy watching you learn with us. Keep up the good work and always be learning Ian!
now I'm no recipe expert, but the pictures you showed of the texas yum yum from the recipe don't look like they have any vanilla pudding on them, which might explain why you had way too much for the crust. like, looking at their picture, all I see is the chocolate pudding layer, the cream cheese/whipped cream layer, and the whipped cream layer. am I crazy? did they add the vanilla pudding layer to the recipe but not actually make that one for the picture?
Wow never been so proud to be a Texan
Please review games again.
Oh boy! I love this :D More Texas foods!!! ^_^
Great video as always
In case the brutal murderer in the Food Lab isn't a look you want to maintain for future food crushing bits... You might want to place the baggie on a cutting board to protect the nice Brutal Kitchen from the remains of your enemies!
When is Televoid coming back?
Where's televoid you left us on a cliffhanger
Does anyone know why he moved?
Yo y’all is the best word ever Like being from Texas I say y’all every chance I get
No offense to Ian, but does no one in my generation know how to use kitchen tools?
the real reason i subscribed to brutalmoose
Are you sure thats pudding?
every time ian cooks in a video i get so nervous about his knife skills and general cooking technique I want to physically reach through the screen and help
Shoulda had a plop for the cream cheese drop
Oh come on, how hard is it to mash Graham crackers and melt butter for the crust?
Folding is important in making airy, fluffy desserts because you're mixing ingredients without beating out the air you put it by whipping/wisking it.
If I didn't find stereotypes hilarious, I might have been insulted by this XD P.S. welcome back to Texas!! Yeehaw!!
I love your editing style
when Ian came out in this costume I thought it was gonna be a review of Red Dead Redemption 2
Ian moved back in with his parents didn't he
MMM THEM SUCKERS TASTY
"No baking required" is usually a pretty good indicator of some terrible Southern grocery store dessert casserole.
My culture is not your fucking costume
You did not 'fold in' correctly.
The saga of the never-knowing-what-to-do-with-my-hands-while-talking continues
not sure if I'm imagining it or not, but I think I hear a little bit of an accent slipping back into his voice
Mmmm! Them sucker's tasty!
I should be writing an essay for college but instead i'm watchin this. Good job me
Great video. Sound design was on point as usual!
Thanks for the birthday upload Ian :)
Love your new home and kitchen! I really enjoyed the episode!
Mr. Moose please don't keep your whipped topping in the freezer, it belongs in the fridge
I'm from Texas love your video
You can never have too many sprinkles
Your editing so freaking amazing and very entertaining on its own.
Fuck you. I want pretzels and can't eat bread. How dare you point out the fact that I'll never be able to eat real food again.
BOY you really showed up out here with the guittard chocolate and kitchen aid stand mixer, that patreon must be going well for you huh
What is your po box so I can send you some damn kitchen supplies stupid wooden spoon havin ass.
Wade Winston Wilson AKA Deadpool Merc with the Mouth: Mmmm dang howdy ya'll Cowboy Ian along with Plops the Bull knows how to cook the best rooting tooting food in the whole Wild West Texas faster than a rodeo of Rattlesnakes partners. YEE-HAW RIDE EM YOUTUBE VIEWERS AWAY YIPPEE-KI-YAY MOTHER (CENSORED)!!! Oh and don't forget to like this comment and give Mr Ian the brutalmoose the love he deserves. Jesus those chocolate pretzels are making me thirsty!
Your clock is broken
Welcome back to Texas Ian! We missed you
While watching this, I imagined myself as an old Texan, and I think, if an actual old Texan watched this, he'd be pretty OK with it. Ian has no idea what he's doing in a kitchen, old men have no idea whatt they're doing in a kitchen, it'd all work out.!
How hard was it to film in that costume?
Wow i love these food videos
You don’t have to be lonely at farmersonly.com............... I’m a city boi -_-
I love these video so much
please PLEASE if you end up streaming the new red dead you have to do so dressed in this cowboy outfit it's very important
damn...plops is a big boi
The chewy soft werthers would've worked better then the hard candy ones
God dammit, you moved from Washington before I ever got to meet you. Oh well.
after watching so many cooking tutorials by perfect pinteresting pros its very refreshing to see such realistic uncertainty and mess like this is what would actually happen if i tried to cook
I like the Red Dead Redemption 2 theme. Love knowing everything is planned that far out
bowl
those are some mighty fine sustenances partner
I absolutely 1000% love this but I can't explain why
You know, you could have just bought the regular sized pretzels and broke them into smaller bits instead of buying the GLUTEN FREE SHITTY MINI PRETZELS.
MMMMMMM!!!!!! Them sucker's TASTY!
BEING TELEVIODS BACK!? Please...
Texas is best state, just sayin.
Where do you find the music? It's always so relaxing and catchy, it completes these (already fantastic) videos!
Oh god I was so concerned you were going to try and take the graham cracker crust out of the tin XD
I would say that now i could maybe see you in public but you probably never leave your house.
Oh my GOD WHEN YOU FED PLOPS THE YUM YUM IM YELLING
Brutalfoods always leaves me wanting to cook too.
Thank you for the effort you put into editing these!! When you were putting on that last layer of whipped topping on the yum yum I started literally laughing out loud ??????
I think yum yum is southern in general! My family is from Mississippi and we make it for every holiday gathering. For toppings instead of sprinkles we use cherries, nuts, and shreds of chocolate
Is this a cooking or gaming channel?
I like the new crib but i kinda miss the old one tbh
Will we be seeing you at Pax South?
Is there ever a point in time where we as a collective community should ask if Ian is ok?
Graphic design is my passion
In future, keep in mind that if you're Ok with the extra chocolate which is added to your recipe, you can use a chopped Heath bar to replace toffee bits in place of Caramels, as the filling in a Heath bar is toffee. But if you like Caramels instead, more power to you:)
Your texan is on point!! ... Almost as if you were from ... Texas ...
>takes off correct mixer attachment >adds whisk >returns correct attachment
House tour plz
These are some next level sound effects.
I really wanna try that Texas yum yum but I would have to get substitutes for so much of that stuff I'm not sure it'd be worth it
What in tarnation?! You live in Dallas!? Well spank my monkey sir.
I didn't know Red Dead Redemption 2 was this realistic.
I love your new kitchen.
This didn't show up in my subbox, god dammit youtube. That feel when Ian uses the whisk again lol
Where have you been daddy
Heath bars are toffee and they sell them in bits most of the time!
I just love every episode you ever make. Keep up the great work, man!! "Well, I'm a Texas Yum Yum boy! ..In a Texas Yum Yum world."
Me when i play RDR2
Plops looks like he wants to die
Who else realized he didn't break up the Oreos and was just waiting for him to realize it himself
You can only "fold in" by hand
I never heard of "Texas Yum Yum", but then I realized that's it's better known as a slush cake. And didn't you just move into a new place last year? And you already moved again?
i 2 hav ther t mend en meye freser
3:14 yeah wild like the wild wild west yee-haw y'all better like texas yum yum or you aint a real texan lile what in tarnation
Just wanted to leave a quick tip about your work of the kitchen aid mixer; while mixing you will want to turn off power to it and scrape the sides of the bowl periodically.
DALLAS? MORE LIKE GAYASS - This ad was paid for by the city of Houston
26:23 I love that moment of pure happiness
Delightful music choices
You were in Washington this whole time!? I'm from Washington too
please com to brasil !!!!! ????????
Ian is kinda bad at power tool saftey...
Ian when you put the whisk on the mixer, i cried.
This video makes me want to die and become immortal all at the same time. It’s like the time I walked into a bathroom at an airport in San Francisco and locked eyes with a woman through the mirror. She was doing her makeup as water fell from the ceiling all over the bathroom. It was the strangest experience of my life before I watched this video.
Welcome to Brutalfoods: where the measurements are made up and the instructions don't matter.
This is good.
god it truly is a good day when Ian uploads another brutal foods video <3 That editing always kills me! ??
Mmm, them suckers tasty! YEEHAWW
yeah i would love to try the YumYum as for the britle, yeah you need a thinner chocolate base, also maybe crush all the ingredients in the same bag
I knew from the beginning when Ian came in with a fake horse I was in for a good time
I hope my ex doesn’t know Ian exists... she would kidnap him and keep him as a pet.
Sometimes Ian will do something and i just wanna scream
Always a great day when i see an upload from this guy!
Brutalfoods vs Binging with Babish! I would love to see that video!
This vid made me hungry
Man, RDR2 looks crazy realistic.
I'm a yum yum Boy in a yum yum world
the glutino chocolate covered pretzels are amazing eat them
Folding.............. Kinda?
Well I know for a fact that H-E-B has all organic toffee bits for all your baking needs! help they have a gun to my head
Holy fuck.... I thought I was watching another 'after prison' show! Until...........dzzam zooo!
That pie is 100% fine. Because everything is bigger and better in Texas
Say what you want about Ian's kitchen skills, but you can't say he isn't trying his best!
0:09 he slapp the ass
Awesome video
a bit of advice, PREP PREP PREP! if you prepped better, you wouldnt have forgotten any of the steps. you want to have everything you want to use there, ready.
Should we tell him he's riding a bull, not a horse?
WTF @ 19:08
I can totally envision this on my minds tongue.
Thanks for having captions, Moose!
I don’t skip a single ad for a brutal moose video. The work he puts into his hilarious edits and amazing content deserves every penny ??????
I love watching this even though it hurts to watch the struggle of basic kitchen terms and what utensils to use.?? Don’t stop doing these I enjoy watching and seeing you actually getting better because you have definitely progressed! Thanks Ian for the entertainment!
Call Nicole‘s on the man man
I remember when you left Texas, after the "explores the airport" video. They grow up so fast ??
i was literally binging brutalfoods the other day omg
The fact my last name is Sprinkle, I feel personally attacked about embracing my inner sprinkle. lol
24:41 ????????
the red dead redemption 2 culinary dlc looks good
0:08 “Red dead redemption II (2018)”
"Prefered body type: living or recently deceased..." um.. Ian, you okay?
Oh my God, Ian. You have no idea how happy seeing this video in my sub box after a looooong hard day at work has made me. ????
I've watched you for a long time off and on... but these videos made me sub and I wish you'd make an editing tutorial, cuz you're amazing!
I normally find gluten free pretzels to be crunchier and better iunno
I legit saw this when I woke up, said I would save this for when after I did all my project work, and here I am. Gotta save the best for last!
For toffee substitute, if you don’t want to make your own, buy some heath bars and cut back a little on the chocolate in your recipe.
i got an ad for diabetes on the side of this video lmao
am texan can confirm this is actually how we dress and act. cept my bulls name aint plops, i call him pissback. on an unrelated side note i also have a bladder control problem.
That is one snazzy new kitchen
The key to success with those mixers is regularly using a rubber spatula to make sure the ingredients get fully incorporated. Folding 5/10
17:35 is absolutely jarring holy shit.
I live in Texas and these are amazing! Nice for you to do a video for the Lone Star State!
Feel really bad for you texas is full of inbred morons..Texas, the Alabama of Texas..
Your hair is so fucking beautiful, it's distracting.
To crush or "chop up" any nut, use a small paper back, put the nuts inside and fold it up, grab a table spoon and whack the bag with the back of the spoon like you're using a fly swatter on a counter, depending on how hard and how long you hit will control how fine you crush it. (Worked in a chinese restaurant for 5 years as a kitchen hand) Good to see you at it again, I missed your videos, love your cheesy editing, can't wait for more :D
Maybe don't hammer a plastic bag of werthers into your dirty garage and then shake said bag over the food you'll be eating. ...otherwise, great video as always
That was amazing. 10/10. You sir, are a video editing legend. Glad you had a safe move!
Fffffffffffffuuuuuuuuuuucccccccccckkkkkkkkkkkk I could have met you in Seattle
omg they made giddy up from fortnite into a real thing hahaha omg lol ????????
Pudding pies are amazing! Super easy to make and tasty. The problem with bark of any kind, though, is that it's really just hard, melted chocolate covered in stuff. What I like to do is get different colored candy melts, melt those down and mix 'em on wax paper to make a colorful bark base, then just cover the whole thing with sprinkles. Doesn't change the fact that it's still just hard chocolate covered in stuff, but it does look cool. Get some red, green and white candy melts, toss in a few drops of peppermint extract, throw on top some dark chocolate mint pieces, makes for a fun Christmas bark.
Red Dead Redemption 2 looks weird...
This video is a yum yum.
What were you snorting, crack?!
Living in Texas sounds horrid.
"Ages: Channelwood Preferred" Ian you satisfy my need for Myst references and I love you for it.
Good
Texas is great
Can you review more frozen food
My mom's been making that Texas Yum Yum pie for years. Don't sleep on it. It's legit amazing. Only thing that makes it better is using an Oreo crust instead of graham crackers.
30 men are in my freezer too
Looks like Internet Gamer Jesus decided to bring us a taste of the Alamo today.
i'm looking for the gluten free snack reviews
I LOVE YOU!!! PLANT A BABY INSIDE ME!
yum yum
Alton Brown you are not, brutalmoose, Alton Brown you are not
Ian, where did you get the cool horse from? I want to be a family friendly Texan cowboy food reviewer like you
As a Texan, I approve this message
Funny and fun as always ??
So dumb it is hilarious!
Nooo he left seattleee
0:00 when you've been playing Red Dead Redemption II all day and forgot to plan a video to record.
That's such a big kitchen! You could wear so many costumes in there!
Ian SMASH
I feel like he gets a new kitchen every episode
after years of dealing with people in multiplayer games and on the internet, I've grown a taste for the salt myself.
I feel like this becomes more and more like an actual cooking show every episode
This didnt show up in my subscriptions but was in my recommended videos?! Youtube wth?
Why do Americans drink milk with dessert, so strange!
new red dead redemption lookin good.
OMFG I USED TO LIVE IN DALLAS
You just blessed my birthday and I’m from Texas WOW <3
I can't handle the fucking sound effects in this one. They got me fucked up
Brutal, folding something in, in this case would be putting whipped cream in the middle of that bowl and scooping the cream cheese onto it and flattening it. It's folding something you have onto the ingredient over and over and combining it that way. Just thought you would like to know.
Ian sure does move a lot. He should change the name of his channel to brutalMOVES.
I don"t kkow if anyones said it but, the hard candy would of worked if you had melted and thinned it a bit and used it like a soft caramel.
I like how he turned off the clock in the background so we can't tell when he makes cuts.
So if you want to get the stuff on the sides, you have to stop the mixer, take the bowl out and use a rubber spatula to scrape the sides and get it into the mix. I'm not sure "how to fold properly" but I thought it was taking a bit of and mixing it in by... not quite mixing, but like.... a single mix. Like folding laundry. If that makes sense. You could probably do the same thing to the nuts as you did with the caramels, but with a rolling pin instead of a hammer.
Toffee bits should be in the same place you’d find baking chocolate in a grocery store- in the baking aisle just FYI
the legend never dies
Honey honey give me the yum yum.
19:25 Holy cow that is an amazing chocolate rain reference, I nearly missed it it was so subtle!
OH god, I live in Houston and I have a kitchen that looks exactly like that XDDD it feels so weird
YES BRUTALMOOOOOOOSE UPLOAD
Brutalfoods = Ian learns to cook with advice from his viewers. love the new vid, Ian! <3
This hurt my soul watching this but also made me laugh! Ha ha ha! That folding technique could use some... work but the editing is primo! ??
I love these videos, they're funny but also chill and slow pace. Also, here's a little tip if you ever use the KitchenAid mixer again. Pretty much with any mixer, if you find the food is getting stuck inside the wisk, or whatever mixing part you're using, turn the speed up as far as you can and centrifugal force will throw it out.
23:47 30 men in my freezer And now back to "Cooking with Jeffrey Dahmer"
Ian need to stop shopping at shitty health food stores.
I'd be interested in seeing a "Cowboy Bark, take two" with you giving it another shot with some tweaks to it to suit your tastes. Also, my Kitchen-Aid mixer is that exact same model and color as yours. I really don't get enough use out of it, so perhaps I should try making that Texas Yum Yum since no-bake ice-box cakes/pies are so simple to make.
What I'm most curious about is how any of this is "Texan" or anything "cowboy." That pudding pie seems pretty generic, and I learned a version of that bark in a Christmas dessert. Not complaining, really, but methinks the smell of arbitrary marketable adjectives is hanging in the air
Love the cooking videos and the plop sould effect. Keep it up!
Welcome back to Texas, made it just in time for the fair!
That’s the best fucking intro ever. Riding that bull should be how every video starts.
Ian... as a fellow long haired dude, your hair is fucking beautiful. Also your editing is fan-goddamn-tastic. I guess I have a bit of a mancrush on you. Keep on rockin in the free world.
Ughh it never fits...
As a born and raised Texan, I feel pretty left out since I've never even heard of these. ?? Also welcome back to Texas, it still sucks here. ????
The new Red Dead Redemption is looking good! Im amazed by this indepth gameplay!
Thought Beto was going to be in this.
That Yum Yum looked Yum Yum and now I want pudding....
My culinary school-trained boyfriend is providing expert commentary to Ian’s cooking....I’m enjoying it too much to tell him to stop ??
I laughed in the first 45 seconds
them suckers tasty. yee haw.
Ian I love your cooking videos, theyre amazing. I had already thumbed your video at the start, but the moment you said "Take 5 candybar is the best candybar" I immediately went to thumb it up again, only to realize I already had.
oh yeah, it's that time of the evening, sit down after a good ol' game session with a snack and a brutalmoose video, this series is one of my favourites on youtube!
this guy tries too hard to be iDubbbz
I like Texas. Yummy food
I audibly gasped when I heard the instrumental for "Manly Muscles" come on outta nowhere
You gotta scrape the sides of the bowl yourself my dude.
we have the same microwave
wow read dead redemption 2 looks great
Is that the sound of the coconuts from Monty Python and the Holy Grail?
As a represnitve of the great state of Texas i deme the opening a accurate reprsentation of are State
I like how he took a tip about breaking up food in a bag and used it for the Werther's but didn't think to use it for the nuts. Also, why are there 30 men in your freezer?
Red dead redemption 2 looks good.
...why are your pretzels in a ziplock bag?
Brutalmoose is the only terrible cook I love watching lol
The Texas Yum Yum really reminds me of dirt pudding. It’s basically vanilla pudding with oreo pieces in it, with the rest of the ingredients of course. I’m sure the Texas Yum Yum is just as yummy as dirt pudding! :)
Also, health toffee bits should be with the chocolate chips.
The clock didn't move...
The editing reminds me of a segment from 90s-2000s PBS kids EDIT: Its like the editor on Sesame Street dropped acid one day and just let it work itself out
Where are the bugs.
I love that brand of chocolate you used for the second recipie! It's so good. :)
now that you're back in dallas you're obligated to review the western freddi fish game
Guys... I think I have the same refrigerator as Ian.
I always use a hmuuuh-by-bluuuh size baking sheet when I cook. Also, watching Ian struggle with an electric mixer was the highlight of my Sunday.
Honestly so surprised you didnt burn your chocolate.
That kitchen is bigger than my flat room :D Can't wait to move next month.
A Texan making fun of Texas? I’m down. Also folding in is basically slowly mixing sideways.
Brutalfoods TUNA NOODLE when?
I was just thinking, “hm where’s brutal moose at?” Here he is!
You fail once again on the folding
Oreo's are overrated
Ooh! Please do a video on gluten-free replacement products! I’m allergic to wheat, and kinda have to eat it, even if it tastes like cardboard. The graham crackers are good, tho.
Mmm them sucker's tasty!
cookin with feces
I'm sad you moved! (I'm from Washington too) but your new kitchen looks AMAZING and roomy and you look happy to be back in Texas so I'm happy for you! I enjoy your content, thanks for what you do! <3
What I really enjoy about Brutalfoods is that having Ian trying these recipes for the first time, and overall not being someone who's kitchen savvy, he gets really excited about doing it right. It's heartwarming tbh
ewww why do you keep your tangerines in the fridge?
Hey what's up guys welcome back to Binging with Brutalmoose.
youtube back at it again, not showing me your uploads for the past four months. Time for a binge!
I'm sorry I'm commenting during watching the video, but you could just use the broad side of the knife to crush the peanuts
texas yim yum
Ian! Your clock isn't working!
Nine seconds in and I'm already ten times happier than I was before. You a good dude my dude.
As a texan I can relate to a emotional degree to the intro
Folding it in literally means using a spatula and folding the ingredients.
And as Cowboy Ian and Plops rode off into the sunset, they realized that their friendship was the greatest yum yum in all of Texas.
Welcome back to Texas! Living around Houston atm
someone should tweet gordon ramsey this
ian you need to scrape down the sides of the bowl yourself omg. -a baker
Get yourself some silicone spatulas boi! You can use them to scrape stuff from the sides of bowls, and to poke stuff that gets caught up in whisks. It'll save you from a LOT of electric-mixer related headaches. And you can also use the big ones to fold! (folding btw is when you scoop up mix, then gently flip it over on top. It's super literal. Like folding a blanket in half... kinda)
'Folding in' performance 1/10. Google it next time lol.
I am from Texas
grabs cream cheese covered whisk like a savage lol!
Real talk, I was hoping the freezer door wouldn't be able to close with the tray in it
sometimes gluten free pretzels are good and theyre a lot crunchier
Welcome back to Texas pardner! Yeehaw!
the sound effects must have taken up 90% of video production.
Ps, to fold in, would be by hand, not using the electric mixer, but rather folding it in with a spatula or spoon, like a very light mix so to speak
That kitchen is HUGE!
The goddamn sprinkle graphics cgchfj
Hey there cowboy, I reckon you probably got a heaping helping of moose hair in your recipes... delicious.
That Texas Yum Yum looks like a variation on my mom's Chocolate Delight, only instead of sprinkles, she uses chocolate chips. Considering we lived in Texas for a while, it all makes sense. Another great entertaining video, Ian! If there's some kind of Televoid!-like lore, I wonder if that second Ian with the hammer will come into play later ??
10:40 loved that subtle reference!
ian... use a rubber spatula.......
I cant stop staring at your kitchen. I swear, did you move down the street from me?
No matter where you live Ian, you will always be one of my favorite YouTube creators. Thank you for making such great content.
Nuts + ziploc + hammer = win
Well they do say things in Texas are bigger wink wink and you certainly did have some big delicious calories there ?? I can't say I like the bark, because I've had different types of chocolate bark, not a fan. But, I do love me some puddin, my favorite dessert at Thanksgiving and Christmas. Or really anytime. Lol plops wasn't feeling any of it though. Hah hah
i challenge you to cook without a microwave
From my 10 year-old cousin to my 85 year-old grandma, 25 year-old neckbeard and 60 year-old paterfamilias alike, and everyone in between -- my whole family loves your videos, Ian!
This is the 3rd brutalfoods kitchen
This is a great show. Because not only are you learning to cook by watching it, the one doing the teaching is learning along side you.
Does anyone else wanna see Ian do a cooking colab with Alton Brown? I do.
18:22 "brutalfoods meth lab"
Man Martha Stewart got nothing on ian
Red Dead Redemption 2 takes a weird turn at the end
That is %100 a Texas kitchen
Ian cooks so fast time stops. (*watch the clock on the wall)
Isn't there actually an MST3k episode where the girl unplugs the mixer to get a guy's attention? LOL She was all squishy and had "The Reds", as I recall. :D
how to properly use a kitchenaid ; for the love of god please make sure ur mixer is locked when you're mixing or you WILL eventually end up with a mess also,.,. to get the sides get the mixer attachment with a rubber side scraper
Gordon Ramsey, step aside, we have a new king in the kitchen.
Those little blackouts for your commercial breaks are really clever
I prefer milk chocolate. Dark chocolate is strong and bitter.
I used to be a fan of Ian, but then he went on a totally uncalled for almond-bashing tirade and now I'm going to have to unsub. I always knew Ian was in the pocket of Big Cashew.
Thank you for your Sprinkles
I'm sad as hell and this is what is getting me through the pain
1:35 preferred body type
8 seconds in and I can tell this is going to be a good one!
also I'm a little sad that you moved back to texas, I never did get to run into you in the wild and awkwardly wonder whether or not I actually ran into brutalmoose
i would be fine if brutalmoose just became a food review channel.
What exactly is 'pudding' in this context? Surely pudding is any kind of desert?
the first time you galloped over to your fridge i about shit myself
Texas Treats! makes rando recipes found on internet though I'ma guess Texas Yum Yum is pretty indicative of the kinda desserts you'd make for parties in Texas.
Yeehaw thank you for the delicious and plentiful bounty pard'ner
You should make a Cordon Bleu at some point. I think you'd quite like it.
You live in texas and you didn't get your stuff from HEB? :/
I remember when moose actually made good content
I work at Spirit Halloween as assistant manager, here in Tx!.. I hope you used a coupon for the inflatable costume, if not go back with it and exchange it for a new one and get around $7 off with 20% off, Before the 31st. Make sure to go for our 50% off store wide sale. November 1st!
Please watch with captions
You putting that plastic bowl into the microwave in order to melt the chocolate made me shrivel up.
Damn, that is a nice kitchen.
i've been waiting for this for so long
You should have done real Texas toast lol
I await the day Ian makes a very difficult mousse recipe.
ok 1.) im so glad you have a larger workspace now!!! 2.) yeehaw baby...
Wish I could be real life cooking buddies with Ian
Ram ranch
20:43 WOAH DUDE
Watch ian fumble with a mixer for 10 minutes
Someone needs to make a fan theory video all about Ian’s various personalities.
I did the version of the Texas yum yum but the base was oreo's and it was so good!
NEW BRUTALMOOSE WHAAAAA I LOVE YOU IAN IM GAY FOR YOU IAN LOL TOUCH ME inside
Return of the plop
why does ian have so many ice pops in his freezer?!!
Ian once again proves he is the king of editing
Mmm! Them suckers tasty! 00:29
You should do a Halloween treats episode if you can (I understand this kind of stuff takes a lot of time.)
Damn Ian get that youtube money look at that kitchen ????
I absolutely love you Ian, so goddamn much. But holy crap the cringe on your cooking skills has got me conflicted ?? like, let me come help you big daddi, I can't take it.
Are you high Brutal Moose
Darn it, Ian, I LEFT Dallas to go to Washington!! I still love you, though.
the subtitles makes it a more complete experience
Could just make toffee.
Do savory foods next but something unusual like rattlesnake or something classic like chili
I'm a little bit scared of hammer Ian.
just looking at the chocolate cake thing gave me type 2 diabetes
Why didn’t I get notified of this ?!? ?? what if I missed iit
Why you didn't said chorped instead of chopped?
Your videos have such a good feel and homely vibe. Feels like I’m cooking with my mother in my childhood kitchen. 10/10 would feast
15:11 OwO
Red Dead Redemption 2 looks great!
Somebody call peta his steed needs help
1:37 that's a good Age :)
The first Brutalfoods to actually be brutal. Sad about my almond friends, but cowboy Ian is teaching me all I need to know.
I’m guessing the traffic for Farmers Only is skyrocketing after this video.
Remember when he called it CHORPING instead of chopping?? ????????
Did you move again?
American pudding looks weird. What is it? Where i live pudding is like a cake
Plops sure is rude not to eat your Texas Yum Yum.
you should try making some of the state fair recipes
1 out of 10 on folding, you do it manually using a spatula
Did I just hear larapin on a brutalmoose video? holyshit...dying languanges on my youtube? it's more likely than you think!
I'd eat the fuck out of it.
He lives only 3 or so hours away from me! Awesome!
Another awesome video thanks Ian.
the water bottle fuckin killed me
I want to see Ian do a show like this but trying to style his hair I bet he’d come up with some crazy styles
Man, the ending to the new Red Dead is insane.
I don't think any notification makes me happier than these
"Just a little peice" Grabs the whole thing ??
Ian, please use a rubber spatula to scrape the sides of the bowl and push it towards the blender. Thank you!! Love you!!
Fuck yeah for Take 5
19:10
Bro I love your videos ??
Red Dead Redemption 2's Graphics look great
Got to admit, the mental image of how that Texas Yum Yum would taste made me think it'd be too sweet. But now I really want to try it.
This is what you get for beating RDR2
Someone give this man a cooking show on a major network.
Welcome back to the Lone Star State, brother. Have a great time in Dallas.
"Surprisingly okay" is how most people describe me. 22:26
You fold with your hands you godless heathen
Sweet boy, I love watching you try your best... ; w ;
the new kitchen looks so great!!!! i hope texas is treating you well :)
Hella funny love your videos, great moves, keep it up, proud of you
Wait hold up, you in texas? WHAT TOWN?
A tip from someone who has experience using that exact brand of mixer: it's a good idea to EITHER have a small spatula on hand to push unmixed particulates back into the area of the bowl where they'll get picked up by the whisk/mixer attachment OR stop it on occasion and use a spoon/spatula to push the unmixed particulates deeper into the bowl. Do the former if your recipe requires constant mixing, which some recipes do. For this kind of recipe either method would work.
for some reason his kitchen looks super familiar.
OMFG WHAT IF YOU MADE THE FIRST RECIPE WITH CHOCOLATE PUDDING AND USED PEANUTBUTTER INSTEAD OF CREAMCHEESE?????????????????????????????
Dunno why this episode is feeling like a nice warm blanket right now...
Ian how much money is it going to take to make this and the yugioh card openings a weekly thing because God, I need more brutalmoose
Hey Ian I got a halloween bark recipe for you to try. Melt white chocolate, then mix in candy corn and pretzel pieces, spread and chill.
Damn that Dead Red Redemption DLC is looking nice
I have never seen this guy before. This is my first video. Is this all actually real? Has he never seen a cooking show before? OMG WHY IS THE S FROM SEEN ON A DIFFERENT LINE????
Man red dead redemption 2 is looking fantastic
Ian! Taste test gluten-free food next!!
That chocolate one would be better if you just mixed the toppings into the chocolate when it was melty and then letting it harden again... though if you do it that way you would be better off sprinkling salt on AFTER it's spread out rather than mixing it into the chocolate.
I'm def makin texas yum yum
That black cup sure seems like more than one Cup. And each time it calls for only 1 1/2 cups of milk, that pitcher seems to be WAY more than 1 1/2 cups.
It amazes me how incompetent an adult can be in both his own kitchen and the grocery store. Godspeed, Ian, Godspeed.
Please do a Beef Wellington with Plops.
Ian has found his true calling with brutalfoods.
I think I get more excited for a Brutal Food video than any other video in my subscription box. It was like when a new JonTron would come out at the height of his popularity. Also - getting some serious Town with No Name vibes from your aesthetic, Ian.
Ian's videos legitimately are a cure for situational depression. I immediately felt better about my love life despite it having nothing to do with anything in here.
As a Texan, I can confirm that the intro is 100% fully accurate and now flawed in any way.
What the hell is larfin' anyhow?
Over 30 minutes of quality ian time
THEM SUCKERS TASTY
Now introducing kitchen number 168352946826483729646
gotta love the plop reference
As always Ian, your editing equally frightens and intrigues me
#foldingfail
I appreciate the bopit noises you mixed in when you took the mixer head off
??
When folding something in, you use a rubber spatula with the ingredients in the bowl, and go under them all, flip one side onto the other, repeat. You are folding the ingredients together as you would fold a piece of paper. Nice Video ( :
Christ cowboy Ian running down the riverwalk absolutely killed me
man... your editing is so creative
Noooo why would you leave Washington it's the best state
Howdy ian
I love your editing.
BACK TO YEEHAW COUNTRY
I crack up every time I hear the whip noise when you slap your steed lol
Don't worry with the mixer... I don't think anyone that's seen a single one of these videos is going to follow your example when it comes to cooking
It wouldnt be brutalfoods if you had the right portions
Did you check for toffee in the baking aisle? It's one of those things you'd think you would find in the candy aisle, but I usually see bags of toffee bits in the same spot as the chocolate chips.
I wanna be a cowwwboyyy babyyyy
I love brutal foods so much man, I look forward to watching it whenever a new episode pops up. Ian, you are a comedic genius and I hope you continue to upload these more frequently. I hope you read this! <3
Do you not have a food processor in texas? you could've chopped those nuts with a food processor in like 1 minute instead of using a chef's knife.
Ian kills once again. RIP old guy. RIP chocolate.
I don't think I can top all the howdy and y'all jokes in this video. Ye sure did a.. hankering... job... something.
Red read redemption 2 gameplay at 0:34
I'm sorry dude, but I can't watch any of your Brutal Foods videos without eating!!! runs off to prepare lunch
This video truly is the yee to my haw
Lmao he’s such a disaster in the kitchen
Stand mixer tip Yes stand mixers are notorious for not mixing stuff on the sides well. In the future I would recommend stopping the mixing for a second, using a spatula to scrape down the sides of the bowl and resume mixing. Repeat as necessary.
Mmm! Them sucker's tasty!!!
You should try banana cream pie. Similar to the first recipe but replace the chocolate with ripe bananas and remove the cream cheese
Welcome back to Texas fellow UNT alumni!
Red Dead Redemption 2 is a lot different than the reviews lead me to believe
Does ian Brokeback himself?
"I want a Werthers."
Plop ??????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????
When is Ian going to get around to making a Tuna Noodle?
What a lovely new kitchen!
ian thats a bull not a horse
I had to click off porn so fast that I had to listen to that garbage while I watched this mastapiece
I could not have possibly asked for a better intro
Ian affecting the Texas drawl is funny, but it does remind me of the way I usually speak Swedish with a neutral non-regional dialect (the 'common tongue', if you will) but just naturally affect a strong local dialect whenever I'm talking to my older grandparents. It's funny how a more interconnected world affects the way you talk to different people.
Is Cowboy Ian a canon character?
My God,so many calories.... :D
"I don't wanna talk about it, I'm just gonna eat it." Best thing you can say about food.
Hell yeah brother.
Ian's fascination with basic culinary ideas is endearing.
0:30, this needs to become a MEME!
My Memaw use to make what you call, "Texas Yum Yum." We just called it Pudding Pie. It fairness, yours looks good for someone who hasn't been making it for a while. You definitely need to work on rationing your layers, but it still looks good. As far as the "Cowboy Bark," I have my doubts about it without salt. Even with salt on the pretzels, peanuts, and almonds, it needs salt to take the edge off of the immense sweet.
From one Ian to another, thank you for an amzing and silly video. I love your editing! you made my day!
BRUTALFOODS FOOD LAB THEME PLAYS M-Manly Muscles???
I sorely missed you, Brutal. Also, as a born and raised "Yankee", I always had access to pudding pie. I question the validity of its Texan origins. haha
You sure like saying yum yum
You might dont know this but Brutalmoose was Araki's inspiration for Gyro Zeppeli in Part 7.
"Mmm them suckers tasty" ian oct 28 2018
Ian, you are back in Texas and you couldn't even show support of your own state's economy by buying H-E-B brand? Why don't you just emigrate to Canada if you're not even going to try?
The whisk attachment is always best for cream cheese. Edit: I make a lot of cheese cake. Brutalmoose used cream cheese fresh from the fridge, which I never do. I always warm the cream cheese first either on the counter for an hour or so or just in the microwave.
i think the texas air has gotten to you...
I come for the food I stay for the editing
i dont know if i like sprinkle time
Sunday just got a whole lot better!
I dont think Plops is real...
Hey Patrick, what am I?
Bruhj
That's a sweet ass kitchen!
I love how this channel is slowly becoming a food channel.
I'm gonna try making the Texas Yum Yum pudding pie.
As someone who bakes a lot, I'll give you the short version of folding: You put the ingredient you want to fold in on top of the rest of the mixture. You use a spatula to fold the mixture over the new ingredient, pressing down just a little bit. Then you fold it over itself again, and again, until the ingredient is just barely combined. The point of the whipped cream is to make the mixture fluffier, what with all the air in whipped cream. If you just mix it in, you destroy all the tiny air bubbles in the whipped cream and you don't get the fluffiness. Folding preserves most of the air bubbles and spreads them throughout the whole mixture.
IAN, HELP! Can I ake this if I currently reside in Massachusetts or is it strictly for cowboys?
This is the Halloween episode? I’m not mad just curious lol
YOU LIVE IN TEXAS NOW, HOWDY FAM
0:58 the flight. genius.
Ian, i have to say, your videos are so good :D Wish u got more wievs :/ Editing is just on a different level! Not sure its a higher level, but surely a different one :D
YEE (and I cannot stress this enough) HAW
Are you in Dallas? I feel like I made fun of you behind your back at a concert before I started following your videos
Congratulations on your move to Texas. You'll be better in no time. In other words you're not getting better.
i'm a little sad that ian isn't in seattle anymore. oh well
Hell yea welcome back to texas bro!! Im gonna make the yum yum pie for sure next time double back the candy and wrap a towel around that so if u drop any none is wasted
Wow, Red Dead Redemption 2 looks really immersive.
PLOP
You’re definitely my number 1 favorite creator. Your personality, the editing ... it’s all too perfect lol!
We gotta get this man some silicone spatulas.
fry some wood
Ian took a bite of that Texas Yum Yum and now it's in his Tum Tum.
Mixing pro tip: Scrape things off of the sides and attachment periodically so that it all gets beaten together!
howdy partner, I too like the salt
fry some wood and eat it while you review it
I first subbed cause I liked your Lego Island videos but now I'm here for the really novice cooking videos and I'm not disappointed in the slightest.
Fold things in by hand. You basically take a spatula, add whatever you are folding in slowly, and sort of gently scrape and fold over the mixture very gently. I'm pretty sure a mixer can't get the job done, the aim is to keep it fluffy or prevent gluten from forming, depending on the recipe. Also, stand mixers don't scrape the sides, you have to do that yourself with a spatula. On another note, did your parents not cook or something? A lot of this is pretty basic stuff.
Alright, alright, alright, The Brutalmoose has returned! Great video dude, your editing is so damn creative and clever!
Wow. The new Red dead looks great
Zero folding happened.
What a handsome cowboy.
Yo i also live in dallas.
It's like watching your drunk friend trying to flirt with a beautiful woman. It's somehow painful to watch, but it is still too entertaining to look away ^^
Yeehaw
Thanks for brightening my day with this new video, Ian!
You could've tried heath bars for the toffee element. Also pudding pies are a favorite of my dad's- my mom used to make pistachio flavored ones for him all the time
Why did we switch places? I LIVED IN TEXAS FOR 26 YEARS (Houston and Dallas) AND JUST MOVED AWAY LAST YEAR AHHHHH
Drinkin a Mondo there, eh?
You moved FROM Washington TO Texas? That's the wrong order.
You should probably lift the mixer's head to make putting the ingredients into the bowl easier.
I feel like I just joined a sprinkles cult
Welcome back to texas :)
Amazed you were able to cook while maintaining your balance on that steed of yours for as long as you did! Very proud of you, Ian.
would eat whipped topping with yellow cake any day
as a legit Texan I am in TEARS. bless your heart
Why Ranger Ian, you’re lookin’ mighty handsome in that cowboy getup o’ yours... making me wanna a-hoot-an-a-holler!
Your editing is so fun and makes me laugh every video! XD as a fellow Texan, I can appreciate the humor in all this and now I need me some Tx yum yum!
Digging the new brutal kitchen, Ian.
Who needs E3 when you can have T3
Anyone noticed the clock doesn't work? ^^
Before now, I didn't realize how distinct Texas kitchens looked. Like I swear I've been in that exact kitchen in several different people's houses. Anyways, welcome back and I can't wait for more Brutal Foods to take place in this very Texan kitchen.
oh boy. new moose.
That "Farmer's Only" joke had me rollin'! I know I'm gonna be randomly laughing about that all week
This editing always amazes me. Love this channel!
OMG I love how simple he is, I can relate to him so much! Never change! I love you the way you are. Your videos make my day <3
Did you borrow your sisters mixer? Or are you just into the gayest color, sea foam green?
Oh my god, this video is golden
It's refreshing to see food videos that are not only comfortable with but even celebratory of shitty processed grocery shop food
The Texas Yum Yum my mother-in-law makes omits the vanilla pudding, and just does the three layers (chocolate, whip/sugar/cream cheese, and whip). Fits much better into the pie crust.
You have good taste in jazz. Also, 17:20 sounds like some Brutalmoose original midi creations? If so, you have talent, my friend
Yo. For real. You make kitchen videos interesting enough to see all of it. I really like how you edit all to make that possible. Congratulations from a Spaniard fan.
Well ya see. I love these videos.
Hey America? What's whipped topping?
Someone's been playing Red Dead Redemption 2
Ian's broke and moved back home. No self-respecting man has magnetic knick-knacks and such on their fridge
Damn Ian, Washington is gonna miss you :c
God's not dead. He's right here, riding a fake bull.
I think you should make every video with plops the bull for now on. I will not be satisfied unless I see plops.
For pudding dishes like the Yum Yum, freezing them as opposing to just refrigerating them makes them easier to serve
god i would die for your new kitchen, it's gorgeous.
Man, 34 minutes but felt like it was over tooo sooon :( That's a rare talent, I usually bookmark 30min+ youtube videos to never watch them later.
You could have used a crushed up Heath candy bar for the toffee bits.
Is it me or is there some sort of high pitch sound in the background from time to time?
I feel that the oreo on the bark was unnecessary
Red Dead Redemption 2 secret level
Man, the amount of effort that goes into the editing is astonishing. It's a great contrast to the laziness in filming/acting. You care so much and at the same time, you couldn't care less. You are a gift to the world.
Great video as always! I really wanna try that first recipe.
As someone who is Gluten Free from having Gluten Intolerance, I can assume that yes Ian you were probably in the Gluten Free Isle, nearly every supermarket has one of those now. Also, Glutino makes some pretty good chocolate covered pretzels but I won't argue on the plain ones, they are kinda not great.
Please do a gluten free video
the texas yum yum kinda reminds me of mississippi mud pie
Hey your kitchen has the same layout as my parents, except there is no island. Safe to assume the house has the same layout and I can say stalkery things without having to work for it.
There's something about Ian in that hat that makes me say "yeehaw!" if you know what I mean. ;)
Plop
I hope we get some Void for spooky halloween!
You didn’t get this stuff at HEB????? And you call yourself a Texan
Huh, a cowboy related Brutalmoose video? Wonder what this could be related to? :p Fantastic video as always my dude!
You didn’t get this stuff at HEB????? And you call yourself a Texan
YEEEE-HAW.
its not a brutalfoods episode if im not crying the entire way through.... it really is brutal...
You should use your spatula the push the side stuff back into the area that is getting mixed
This intro scene solidifies Ian as the greatest food youtuber
I am strangely disappointed the clock in the kitchen is not real.
32:33 guess thats why they call him plops
Yes, Ian, pretzels Are made with flour. That means they have gluten. Pretzels are usually in the potato chip aisle in my experience, but rarely they're with the crackers or on their own endcap.
I love it. The new kitchen, the intro, everything!
Next week's video: Ian gets ants
Upload more videos
Its like ?? but sweet
rubber spatulas are a thing of god, amazing
I'm lovin' the new kitchen??
Great vid but I’d recommend to lapel mic in the future
I love your "it's probably fine" approach to cooking. XD
Yee (And I cannot stress this enough) Haw
Why does the clock always tell the same hour?
Ian's editing just gets better and better ??????
Ian, for cutting nuts and other small hard foods you should use a food processor. it's much faster and you have a lower chance of cutting yourself. also don't use a hardware hammer to crush foods, use a small wooden mallet. the mallet wont break the bag and is available at most stores. also for removing chocolate from a bowl like that use a rubber or silicone spatula, it's easier to scrape it off the sides since it's flexible.
Yee Haw
Caramel....CARAMEL?! IT'S BUTTERSCOTCH YOU UNCULTURED SWINE!!!
As a fellow Texas resident, the only dessert we have is another beer (or Dr. Pepper for the young'ins).
yee haw
I think you 'chill' things in the freezer my man
??????…
Nice new kitchen, Ian. Now you don't have to squeeze yourself between a counter and an oven xD
Who you callin pin head
plop
new kitchen looks great! I hope your happy to be back in Texas. I loved the video and can't wait to see the next!!!!!!!!!
yeehaw
How many times has Ian gotten food stuck in whisks and whisk-like attachments? AND IT'S A DIFFERENT WHISK EVERY TIME HAND WHISK TINY WHISK ELECTRIC MIXER WHISK ATTACHMENT
Ians outfit made me think of something. Ya'll ever heard of Ram Ranch?
Not gunna lie, I yehawed when I saw the River Walk.
Nobodys bothered by the feedback?
Man, that Texas Yum Yum looks pretty dang yum!
For some reason I thought that red drink, in the bottom right corner while you were cleaning, was cleaning fluid and I was MORTIFIED when you took a swig of it before I realised lmao
The sound effects are so good this episode. The old man ghost broke me.
that's a really nice kitchen. i need to get into the being a moose on youtube business
Plop
What's so great about dumb ol' Texas?
As a professional baker, this was... difficult to watch. Hilarious, but difficult. I audibly gasped a couple times. A+ content.
To avoid spilling when smashing stuff like Werthers, fold over a dishcloth over the ingredients, instead of using a plastic bag ;)
Ian buddy I love you and you're hilarious and great but holy crap Pretzels are made OUT of Gluten.
You kidding me!?!?! BrutalFoods on my birthday???? Man I already loved you can I like double love you or something cause this is insane, man.
Reminds me of the Jell-O Oreo pies that I make, or the Edward's Hershey Creme Pies! Anyone else ever had those? OMFG! They are orgasmic. I had to choose one night between Hershey Pie, and dick...Guess what Saia chose? Lmiao. The pie was strong in me that night, friends. Lmiao. Great as always, Ian. ??????
I could watch hundreds of these videos.
Ian, a wave like motion is good with a knife. Don’t really lift the whole blade up, lift it up to around the hilt, and continually bring down the blade and bring it up again.
MMMMMMM THEM SUCKERS TASTY!!!!! LOL
Werthers are amazing, they are the best thing since sliced bread
I'm assuming that will also he your Halloween costume?
I want to see you fly out to california to be taught by Rosanna Pansino. She'll teach you all you need to know about baking.
I thought nothing could top your Tiny Food intro, but you editing yourself riding your bull into a canal really takes the cake! LOL.
Always glad to see PLOP make a return.
Heath bars could have worked instead of werthers
3:54 that boy aint right
Yes, I always love this series! It makes my day. I love how you've transitioned away from your former content really well.
I don't like change
Don't mix with texas
Brutal foods is literally the only reason I'm subscribed
21:45 DO IT we want a video on that
10:15 Lol nope ?? Good effort tho ??
And using the mixer, it helps a lot if you pause the mixer and scrape down the sides with a spatula every now and then!!
I'm so happy for this dork. I've been following him since his Polar Express and Iron Soul reviews and such and it makes me so proud that he can afford filming equipment and a nice kitchen like this. He's not the best at understanding cooking instructions but that only makes him more charming.
kool aid bursts and fun pops. your moms the best
Hey so when you measure out powdered ingredients (sugar, flour, etc) you gotta spoon it into your measuring cup because otherwise it gets packed in and you're not measuring correctly. Except for brown sugar, you spoon that in and pack it in with the spoon.
Yaaas! Ian is using guittard chocolate chips, the only chocolate chips worth eating!
small tip for you! if youre trying to cut up nuts/pretzels or the like, instead of cutting them use the bottom of a sheet pan or sauté pan and set it on top of them and push down, crushes them nicely
A. You're supposed to scrape down the sides of the bowl. B. Folding is when you lightly mix ingredients by stirring (by hand) as if you were folding the mixture into itself. This is done with whipped cream and marangs, mirangs, merains? Whipped egg whites! to prevent the bubbles from being deflated.
it's pudding cheese cake and whipped cream whats not to like, other than the diabeties??
You've got a metabolism like whoa..
Y'all're forgetting that Ian is originally from Texas
19:20. So, this was a Halloween video all along!
My mom and I were binge watching brutal foods all night and then this pops up. Thanks, Ian!
Pretty cool that you could train your steer to only walk on its front legs.
Man, this Halloween special really was spooky! I’m all spooked! Look at me, being all spooked from that extra special spooky brutalfoods episode! Woo! Spook.
The mixer part physically hurt me
ian ffs look up a youtube video of how to fold whipped cream into batter. smh
You want to scrape down the sides of the mixer with the rubber spatula when working with it. Otherwise, you tend to get unmixed stuff on the edges
THE EDITING IS SUPERB
Hands down, best YouTubed out there. ?? love from Houston.
I watched this episode in the bath
Food is one of the few things Texas still has to be proud of.
nilla sounds like the white version of nigga
12:03 Yes? This is peta
I do hope you don't dress up like that for every video, having to twist yourself like that work, is kinda... uncomfortable even to watch.
Red Dead Refrigerator
YEAHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH brutalfoods. i have my own series based off yours. it'll never be as funny as yours sadly.,
Love the video, and I love your content but the editing is a bit obnoxious at least to me
love the editing as always. esp the chocolate chip bags screaming, always funny when screams get cut off
Toffee bits = Heath Bar broken up.
Watching Ian effortlessly gallop Plops across the San Antonio River Walk was the highlight of my day and I made 40 bucks a few hours ago, so you know this is golden
SO YOU REALLY JUST GON SCROLL PAST WITHOUT SAYIN' HOWDY...
Love you and these videos and their editing, Moose <3
How to tell if Ian likes a dessert Does he drink milk ?
Lovin' the new set! And the dark 'lab' area is also pretty great, like you took the werther's to get interrogated and tortured. I love the second Ian that shows up with the hammer for a moment! I would say less chocolate on the bark altogether, but in the first place, I probably wouldn't eat that, because I have a real problem with hard, crunchy things like brittle and stuff, although if it was soft enough, I'd try it. Yeah, though I'd probably pick of the oreos to eat on their own. Looking forward to the other creations you make in this kitchen, gonna be awesome!
Youtube didn't notify me :/
You're so wierd and I love it.
Ian, honey, I absolutely adore your videos and they just make my week!.... however, no, that is absolutely not how you fold. Try using a spatula more when you’re mixing. You can scrap down your sides with it, and fold the ingredients in with it. Otherwise, flawless!
Brutal fooooooods
I know several people who left Texas to jump on the herb train in CO and WA, every one of them have moved back to Texas. Texas is the best!
Great video, Ian. I have a weird question, what kind of microwave you have? I'm looking for a new microwave to get for my family for Christmas.
Just started the video and wow Red Dead Redemption 2 looks marvelous.
Wow the sequel to the hateful eight is so good!!!
Ian needs a new battery for his clock.
3:30 - Is... is this just because american pudding is different from ours or did you need to cook some of the needed milk and mix it and just didn't...? o_0 EDIT: It seems to have worked just fine. =D
the editing on this video is my favorite you've ever done by far
Another quality video from http://www.youtube.com/brutalmoose
If anyone ever decides to tweet one of these videos to Gordon Ramsay or something like that, let me know how that goes.
Wow do Texans actually eat sweets without a kilo of lard and meat? :O
Gluten free review soon?
The sorrows of young Werther’s...
Who else at like 18:25 just thought: MANLY MUSCLES!
I had no idea you were from Texas. You should do some more traditional Texas style cooking Edit: Y'all dun did gud cowboy!
I hate pudding, but that Texas Yum Yum looked... yum, yum.
Your extra texany-ness gave me HEB ads.
Don't you hurt that poor mixer
Folding 0/10. You gotta put the cool whip in the middle, then use the spatula to pull some cream cheese over it. Be careful not to pop too many bubbles in the cool whip. Thats the point of folding and not mixing.
Not gonna lie Texas really be like that sometimes everything is right except the weather
Y O U R O F F E R I N G D I S P L E A S E S P L O P S
The chocolate bark breaking in half was actually exactly right, chocolate bark is slammed on the tray to break it up into uneven pieces!
BRO that's probably the best video you've done so far and the call back to the water bottle being in the shot had me deader than a rattle snake on top of a 2nd rattle snake
welcome back to texas, where land is cheap and you can get several acres for the same price as a small apartment in california.
can u just watch like one episode of binging with babish
the video editing is 10/10, love it ian, keep up the good job. wow.
So a tip for next time with the mixer- Use the rubber spatula to scrape ingredients down the side of the bowl so they mix in better. You can do so without turning it off, or you can turn it off and do it all at once
Welcome back texas, or as we call it "Hell."
Cowboy Ian, sounds like a character that would be in Red Dead Redemption 2 who would chase you down while riding a bull.
I had a really bad day but this cheered me up immediately! ^^ Thanks
Ian can I visit you?
Are you high?
YOU have to scrape the sides Ian. You should also be scraping off the mixer attachment.
my family calls texas yum yum "Mississippi mud pie" and it's so good it has a subtitle: (better than sex) we also add pecans to a homemade graham cracker crust and we also usually make it in a casserole dish so you can see the layers
love the new kitchen ian!! lots of space for lots of brutalfoods
Today on brutal foods: candycrush
24:13 Nothing says "Either I'm flat broke or I filmed this a few days after moving" than a freezer with nothing but freezy pops in it.
LMAOOOOOO i cant believe this is what your content has come too. sad to say you played all the shitty learning games for the pc. hence the death of your content
never fails to entertain
THE CLOCK IS BROKEN
As an Ohioan, I gotta say you done Texas proud, pardner y'all.
The longer his hair is the closer we are to the next televoid episode
This Channel is a GEM ??
Stopped the video right after he talked about the pretzels, went to get a bag of Werther's toffees and WTF IS THIS COINCIDENCE?
Gluten free episode please!
Folding skill: 0/10 Folding uses a spatula, and you stir it up, making sure to get stuff from the bottom and pull it to the top
plop.
Yesss! I've been waiting on another Brutal Foods from you!!! My day has just been made :)
Steed? I think that’s a steer
And this is why you scrape the sides of the bowl with your rubber spatula, so you don't get streaks of flour or sugar in your batter or frosting. Also always be sure to get your ingredients to room temperature before using them unless otherwise state in a recipe. Things will incorporate easier if they are at room temperature.
Ian is slowly evolving into a better chef day by day. The keyword being slowly.
6:00 lol I had the same problem recently. Did u also borrow your mom's kitchen aid?
Giving Chef Ramsey a run for his money
When is the next game review coming out?
I love those sounds!
In the baking aisle, there should be a bag of toffee bits.
10 seconds in and im laughing my ass off. i love your channel
Welcome home pardner (I live near Houston so it's cool to see Ian back in Texas)
It dawned on me that he did all that work while wearing that ridiculous outfit. How did it not get in the way?
next video is just about the gluten-free version of things
9:50 Well you tried
Hey Moosey. Just thought I'd give a tip. Regardless of the terrible knife skills, try putting slightly wet paper towel, or a moist hand towel under your cutting board. That'll keep it from slipping. Also, I would totally watch a video of you doing a knife skills tutorial.
To fold - In a single action, run the spatula or spoon around the side, then along the base, of the bowl. Now fold the mixture over onto itself. Rotate the bowl 90°. Repeat until just combined.
Red Dead Redemption 2 is looking pretty good.
something oddly therapeutic about these types of videos
you can break the bark by covering the top with another baking sheet and shaking the two together. Peanut Brittle Method
I dont know if it's all that Texas sun or Moose making good dessert food but he looks so happy. Washington will miss you. Hope to see more videos soon.
I don't know why it's so entertaining to watch someoone who is terrible at something do the thing.
Mmm them suckers tasty
>Have an incredibly nice mixer anyone who cooks would want. >Never used it til now. I feel like I should tell you about food wishes but your unseasoned approach also makes your videos extra wonderful and sincere so I am at an impasse.
my boy.... you're supposed to scrape down the sides of the bowl while it's mixing so everything gets properly incorporated. My Boy.
The cowboy hat has revealed to me the Texas in your face and now I can't unsee it.
Welcome back to Texas!
Yeah for me its Milk Chocolate or GTFO. Funny video.
Also I have no problem with the channel if it turns in the furture into a cooking channel. Just a fun thought.
Ian's sound effect folder is probably bigger than my steam library
18:52 now Ian looks like that guy from Rednex. Please sing cotton eye Joe for us.
R u just slapping ur own ass in that costume?
Ian, you sadly need to rewiew the rest of the hungry man things. I think... but you don't have to if you don't have the stomach for it.
I was on edge the whole video, i was worried your steed will pop ????
Texas Yum Yum is the dumbest name I’ve ever heard for that particular desert For future note: Beat = paddle. Whisk = whisk. Use the paddle for pretty much anything that doesn’t ask you to whisk. As for folding, it’s done manually with a spatula, a slow process of mixing, not stirring.
Next episode: Plops burgers
yee yee ian
You needed the smaller boxes of pudding for the YumYum, and you stop halfway through mixing things to scrape the sides of the bowl for better incorporation. I'd also definitely suggest thawing your whipped topping completely before using it. Still, that recipe sounds delicious and I'd personally try it with other pudding flavors like chocolate and pistachio or vanilla and butterscotch. You could even use different crusts, like 'Nilla Wafer or Oreo cookie crust.
You supposed to fold not mix further. If you will mix whipped cream more it gonna turn to butter
Use a food processor for the nuts. It's quick and you won't hurt yourself.
Should've put the peanuts in a bag and smashed them up by tossing the bag at a wall/floor. Sometimes the best way to do something is also the most primitive way.
There's something special in the way Ian edits these videos where I feel if most other people were to try something similar, it'd come off as obnoxious or annoying, but I think because of Ian's relatively chill tone of voice it ends up mixing together just right
Can you like bring a real cook. To judge you. I would like that. I would watch that.
New kitchen again I see
Ian, when you smash something up in a bag, if you put a thick dish towel over it that helps with the bag breaking issue.
I- I don’t like pudding...
The plop made a comeback!
Man, words can't express how much I appreciate the effort in editing you put in.
The whisk attachment is for egg whites for meringues
When I think Texas dessert I think orange salad.
TEXAS Y ' ALL
Rejoice, a new brutalfoods!!!
I’ve never seen someone fold stuff in with a kitchen aid before usually it’s done by hand
Methinks the Brutalfoods Food Lab(TM) could use a food processor.
Your uploads are worth the wait.
Wtf I accidentally disliked it oh God Sorry about that! I loved it and fixed my mistake!
Ur from texas, you should know literally all pie is atleast 3 inches higher than the crust
I love your food videos! They make my day!!! Youre certainly my favorite food review/cooking channel.
Texas girl approved ??
The amount of sugar here is more than I eat in a year. Sickening. Another, if you please, chef Ian.
Instead of the hard candy I think toffee like Heath would be better.
Wrong attachment ! Nooooooòo!!!
Watching your videos is like the YouTube equivalent of playing The Sims 1. Specifically The Sims 1, not the others. Y'know what I mean?
The Texas Cheesecake massacre would go on to be one of the most BrutalFood crimes in American history.
I'm not certain if it's the same for something like the sugar you have, but typically folding is done by hand, not with an electric mixed. The simplest way I can explain it is just to take batter from the bottom and bring it to the top while slowly adding whatever you're folding in as you go until whatever you're folding in is distributed evenly. Might be different for something like sugar, but that's how it's done for when folding things like chocolate chips or berries into cake and the like.
O m l u didn't even fold it
One of the things I would have done differently with the bark is patting down the toppings into the chocolate so they'd have a better grip. IDK if you did that off-camera or not, and I'm not completely convinced it would have helped keep the oreos attached, but it might have.
The sprinkles part saved my soul
I am the only one that wants so badly that egg kitchen cloth?
Nothing in his freezer except popsicles
SOO GOOD, WE ARE HUNGRY FOR MORE IAN!
the red dead 2 role play is off the roof
5:56 ITS CALLED AN AGITATOR!!!! its an aggitator, damn it.
I love your content and it always makes me smile but for some reason this episode had me dying of laughter
I love you
12:01 I'm calling peta
Being subscribed to Ian over the ears has been nothing less than an extended fever dream I never want to end.
As a Texan, I honestly feel so attacked right now
Brutalmoose is the exact kind of content I click like on before even watching the video ??????
man, always fun to watch these videos, especially with all the fun editing, good job ian.
Bring back city boy Ian
Small chopping tip, if you wanna dice alot of small things like the almonds, hold the knife sideways on your cutting board, put one hand on top of the middle of the knife slightly to the tip. Then use your other hand to bring the blade up and down, sort of like a lever to chop it finely.
Has Brutal Moose lost his mind after some sort of mental breakdown? What the HELL has happened to you man?
I know this is off topic, but I need you and Chadtronic to review Kill Joy 2 ASAP. There couldn’t be a better Halloween special.
Woah there cowboy ian, that horse is so well behaved in your kitchen
Electric mixers don't scrape the sides. You have to have a spatula on hand to scrape the sides down when stuff gets stuck. You also have to scrape down the beater occasionally. Also the whisk was the correct one to use. You're doing great though! :D
Folding in is pretty much exactly what it sounds like. Say you were mixing chocolate chips into the dough... once you add chocolate chips to the bowl of dough then you use your mixing spoon to pull dough from the bottom of the bowl over the chocolate chips and keep repeating until it's evenly mixed. It works better than straight up mixing which might result lumps. Also depending on what your mixing you don't want to overmix (a lot of more complicated recipes can "break" which makes it go flat when you want something fluffy). Think of folding as basically a gentle way of mixing.
Looks like Ian took a train back to The Town With No Name.
You did not correctly fold in however you did pretty good with the kitchen aid navigation. Next time use a rubber spatula to scrape down the sides once or twice and then you can use the same spatula for folding. Folding is a light turning method to incorporate whipped stuff. The kitchen aid works too aggressively, even at low speeds, and ruins whipped cream (and I’m guessing whipped topping too ).
I just wanna see how many people i can offend by saying YO FUCK TEXAS
You had me at Cowboy Ian.
Ian, you have graced me today with another video. I thank you.
Y U M
Don't recommend watching this while hungover
12:03 well, you realize that now you gotta cook with bull beef in a future episode
Get along little moosey!!
In the future, when you're adding ingredients to the bowl, you can lift the top of the blender out of the way, so you're not just smearing Whipped Topping all over your mixer.
MANLY MUSCLES!!!
no one'smentioned this yet but WHY THE HORSE NOISES WHEN THAT'S CLEARLY A BULL? ian pls
Everything's bigger in Texas™! Including that kitchen o' yours. Git 'er done, Moose!
Your sound effects crack me up, I love these videos Keep up the good work, Ian ??
I know its a subtle thing, but I love how you place your midrolls in thought out places in the videos. It just makes the whole thing more enjoyable
Love your cooking videos, your humour is so damn good I could watch you cook literally anything even, Human FLESH (demonic laughter)
Yum yum
The editing in this video is so unique and interesting! I love it. Ian has really stepped up his game.
SHOUT-OUT FROM THE DALLAS, TEXAS METROPLEX!!!! NO WONDER WE THINK AND LIKE THINGS SO SIMILARLY, WE'RE FROM THE SAME PLACE!!!!! TEXAS FOOD IS TO DIE FOR AT IT'S BEST, HUGE FAN, ONE OF THE MOST UNDERRATED YOUTUBERS. LOVE FROM NORTH TEXAS, IAN!!! ???????????????????????
I'll never get over that AIM door sound
Damn I’ll actually make the first recipe at least.
bro I love your editing so much it's so surreal and hilarious ahahahhaaha
I'm sorry, Ian, but are you ever going to do another Televoid episode, or game review?
Poor Ian realizing he wasted some of the yum yum broke my heart!
I haven't got to this missions yet in Red Dead 2.
To fold in something you take it and sort of flip the spoon in whatever you're folding it into, this is to avoid ingredients splashing and to help well mixing ingredients of different densities, so in other words, it's completely unnecessary in many cases and people had no reason to get mad at you because in the end it effected literally nothing.
You don't know how long I've been waiting for a new Ep. ; D
binging with brutalmoose
If it weren't for you I wouldn't have known of gluten free pretzels and if they were different from normal pretzels Thanks Ian
All dem dislikes are from good for nothin city slickers
Howdy my nigga
Not done with the video but THE WERTHERS IS A MISTAKE DONT DO IT
Everything that contains flour has gluten normally. Anything that doensn't, doesn't. Gluten is a protein the wheat plant makes that links up with itsself and gives bread products their structure.
After mixing with the mixer, it's best to take a rubber spatula and scrape the sides/bottom of your mixing bowl, as well as scrape off the mixing tool you used. While a mixer is faster than hand stirring it sometimes leaves clumps where the mixer doesn't quite reach. Plus using a spatula to scrape will save you from having to use your fingers, and therefore less messy Edit: oh! Also you can find regular baking caramel in the baking department too, just an extra thought!
These are my absolute favorite videos on youtube, literally the only ones that make me laugh out loud.
33:47 loved the subtle "plop" there
Hey Ian, great video, but I've got a couple tips! - Good call on having a towel to wipe your hands on but if you're going to taste things with your hand, you should use your pinky to minimize cross-contamination and keep things a little cleaner. Your pointer finger generally touches more and is less sanitary. Usually, if only you're eating it you're safe though, as long as you start by washing your hands - You need to scrape down the sides of our mixing bowl with a spatula, that's why all the powdered sugar wasn't mixed in - Folding is a gentle mixing method that usually involves mixing using a spatula. You usually do this if one of the things you're mixing is some kind of foam or otherwise whipped and you're trying to preserve that Your technique has really improved since the start of the series though, awesome job!!
"pretty stinkin' yum"
I love the intro
I would let daddy Ian ride me
While I prefer dark chocolate myself, I do see how milk chocolate would've worked better. The milk in milk chocolate actually makes the chocolate softer and melt faster. The salt could've balanced the taste too. I hope you find that darned salt in the next video! And also...it's so good to see you back, Ian! Been watching your older videos in the past couple of weeks because I missed you that much lmao
Man, I've gotta send in some Pennsylvania German recipes sometime. A few of them are pretty bonkers.
Congrats! You just hooked me to your channel!
MANLY MUSCLES!!!
Yay more brutal foods! Texas Ian really rocks that hat.
San Antonio c,:
Person with celiac here. If you ever try gluten free stuff, be warned that it's basically the same but mushier and drier.
Yay Brutalmoose! I've been waiting for this!
Does Ian live in Texas now?
This is a gross appropriation of my culture
Ah man i love these food episodes
in a stand mixer ya gotta scrape down the sides when mixing things to get it all incorporated
It's so nice to see you back. I've missed your awesome videos.
Its just a guess but some store layouts can be confusing. Real pretzels are usually in the chips aisle, while gluten free gets its own section somewhere else.
howdy folks
To fold something in, use a rubber spatula or similar object (not a regular spatula though) and scrape down to the bottom of whatever container you’re using, then try to literally fold the mixture in on itself. Continue until combined. And that reaction to gluten free pretzels was all too real. I feel your pain.
For the nuts I would of put them in a bag and crush them with a Meat Tenderizer like my mom use to do with her fudge when she put nuts in it.
My entire life is just waiting for another Brutalmoose video.
plop
When shit gets stuck on the side of your mixing bowl you got to scrape it all to the middle
Ian, I only found your channel a week ago and you're already one of my favorites. Your food videos are some of the best original content on youtube and I'm absolutely salivating for more!
Red Dead 3 looks great!
i swear, ian is the only youtuber whose videos get better and better throughout the years
Omg that intro, I think I died
Ian, I fucking love these videos man. Keep up the amazing work
Folding in, so far as my experience goes, is using a spatula to scoop the base over what you are adding in. Better not to use the full cup all at once. For chopping nuts, just use a food processor. Hit pulse a few times, and you'll be set. Also much safer. If you ever need toffee bits again, in the baking aisle, you should be able to find Heath bar bits. Or just buy a couple Heath bars and smash them up (the bag method will work fine, so long as you don't let them melt.)
idea for a spinoff of brutal food "learning kitchen concepts with ian"
This is one rootin' tootin' video.
I love the editing in your videos! It always makes me laugh
Not even five minutes in and I think this is my favorite brutal foods so far
Y'all should review one of the Kraft Mac and Cheese frozen dinners and maybe some of the box varieties of Mac and Cheese.
I would love to watch you make one of my vegan cookie recipes. You'd probably get some good humor out of my butter and egg replacer.
plop
You americans with ur weird giant milk jugs Milk is supposed to be in bags u weirdos
So much counter space. I want.
This feels oddly racist against Texans. #Cowboylivesmatter
Yo Ian, please do a meetup now that you're in Texas! ??
I missed your videos man, hope you do a Halloween episode! Although this was pretty spooky....
So here's a cooking tip that doesn't really apply to this particular video, but it may be helpful to know for the future so I thought I'd comment on it anyway. My inner chef panicked for a moment when I saw you using chocolate chips instead of baking chocolate. It took me a minute to remember chips are fine for a recipe like this, where the chocolate is by itself. But if you ever have to mix melted chocolate with something like milk or cream, don't use chips! They have added ingredients to help keep their shape, so they don't properly mix into the liquid. Globs of chocolate separate out, and the whole thing never becomes smooth. So there's my very tangential cooking tip for you
If that’s not whole milk you’re not a real Texan.
Omg, yes!
Riding a Bull inside your house?! I've not seen such bravery
Mixer tip: The whisk part of the mixer is best when you’re trying to thicken something Like if you’re beating egg whites or making whipped cream. If your just mixing use the other one, I’m not sure what it’s called
Another Brutal Moose Classic! Great work! Keep it up!
Impressive how your horse is constantly doing a handstand
"I just made chocolate pudding, and then I ate it." I'd watch it ????
Ian. Seriously. This might be your best video yet! Yee-Haw!!
Dear Ian: When you use a kitchenaid, you have to scrape the stuff off the sides with a spatula so it falls into the bottom of the bowl and everything mixes right. To "Fold" means to gently fold the ingredients together using a spatula. demonstrated here https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=h7P78MrqArk We do it so the fluffiness of the ingredients is not compromised. Your nut-chopping technique is fine! Keep your free hand on the back of the blade and rock back and forth. A more precise way of melting chocolate (so you don't accidentally burn it) is to use the double boiler method demonstrated here https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GVsBLZxZUGQ (you don't have to chop the chocolate first if it is already in chips) Keep your eye out for gluten-free shit. It's everywhere now, especially in the baking section, and most of the products do not hold up to the real deal. Nice self rotating dish thing! Sincerely, Someone who bakes a lot
Watching these is both hilarious and frustrating. That's an artform.
Sprinkle time was a life changing experience. Thank you Ian.
yeehaw
IT LIVES!
you had way too much fun making this video, haha!
ram ranch intensifies
Congrants on thee new place! :D
Yim yum
Hey Ian great video! That pie came out tight. Usually when I make pudding pies the pieces fall apart I do have some suggestions Whenever you work with cream cheese, thaw it out before hand (maybe an hour beforehand) You were also right you should have scraped down the confectioner's sugar while it was stirring (if you don't feel safe, stop the mixer then scrape)
Almonds are very good for you. Best way to eat them IMO is buy the M&Ms white bag.
Dadgum chief you're spoilin' us with 30 minutes of intensified Texan cuisine goodness
Love your channel! Beaumont native over here, partner!
Why dont you make more game rewiews?
“Preferred body type: living or recently deceased” Same, man. Same.
HES BACKKKKKKK
Sometimes I think you're serial killer till I realize I look the same way when I use tools, I love your edits and sounds effects really be having me dead ??????????
Liked the video just for the almond pun
Film theory: Ian is actually a good in his own universe, in which he can change a scenery a bunch of time and multiple of him exist, also his only way of entertainment is through a universal communication device to upload stuff on YouTube (of course I don't take this seriously, I'm joking)
You gotta do more Texas treats - may I recommend Bayou Goo Pie, kolaches, and Texas sheet cake?
bake something will'ya
Love the smooth jazz
Moose liking all these comments makes me think he was high while doing it.
That new kitchen looks better than my future
This is as American as it gets..I wanna go to America.
LOVE THE FUCKIN BOP IT SOUND EFFECTS AT 10:38
I can totally picture Plops getting bored while you're making the desserts, wanting to liven things up.
No you're supposed to buy the nuts already sliced xD
why did you move back to Texas? didn't you move like only a few months ago?
When my grandchildren ask me what did i use to watch im going to show them this
you're parent's house is nice !
I appreciate Ian embracing my culture and it's people.
Can't finish. GJ.
Get off your high horse, Ian! Seriosly though, I adore your videos. Thank you, they're real treasure
YOUR EDITING MAKES YOUR VIDEOS VERY ENGAGING
Well if people yelling @ you for not folding it correctly weren't telling you how, then they're in the wrong
Man all your videos crack me up so hard
why are you putting pretzels and salt on chocolate? whats happening in america? why do i get more scared of texas everytime i learn something new about it
More brutalfoods? Sign me up.
I wasn't really hungry, and only took a short break from Assassin's Creed: Odyssey. But the Moose uploaded something, so here I am, pizza in hand, feet on the table. God, I love these videos. :-)
I think i would have just mixed everything into the melted chocolate instead of sprinkling it on top
For future nut reference, its better to stick them in a bag like you did the werthers and just hit them
a new brutalfoods, actually made my weekend
That’s one nice kitchen you got here cowboy
Get a slapchop.
So now that you're back home and still cook like a disaster, I feel like you should do a #brutalfoods episode with your mom or something.
Man's hair its amazing
Welcome back to Texas, Ian! .....yeehaw?
This is like one of the few things that has ever made me feel proud to be from texas i love u ian
I hope you enjoy making these videos as much as my friends and I enjoy watching them. Keep up the great work!
I gasp every time I see a new video
Sad that you have to leave your fellow YouTubers behind in Washington but welcome back to Texas!
Congrats on the move... if it's what you wanted. We're moving to Texas in a couple months ourselves.
There's something I made a few years ago for my birthday called "Man Bars" that turned out really good if you want to try another dessert recipe in the future. It's basically little cookies made of graham cracker, sweetened condensed milk, chocolate chips, vanilla, salt, powdered sugar and either walnuts or pecans. When I made them, I subbed in peanuts because I don't really enjoy pecans or walnuts that much and it worked out really well.
Hey Moose! If you ever need to crush something, using a rolling pin or a meat tenderizer works well instead of a hammer :)
That's some tasty desserts y'all!
Folding in performance: Kinda?
Pretty sure Vincent Smith would be down for your version of the cowboy bark. After all he was sent to prison for stealing a bag of werthers.
Parchment paper should be the size of your baking pan, unless the recipe calls for it to go over
Do you create your own sound effects or do you have a huge library you got somewhere?
18:21 MANLY MUSCLES!
stoop kid never leaves his stoop
I’m from texas and this entire video is 100% accurate
Did little Ian run away. Plops for the win.
Who else thinks he looks like the llama deafault skin from fortnite season 6
Dislike for “smallmonds”
I've never tried a Take 5 bar until today. Ian is right about it being the best.
Legend has it that no tourist made it out alive crossing texas from one end to the other. All perished from clogged arteries from the good food
Good to see you back Moose! Yeehaw indeed and verily.
This series always worries me. I mean... he's never seen cream cheese?!?
beat the cream cheese. grab a base ball bat and beat that cream cheese like it owes you money
Why are you guessing how folding in works? Why not just look it up if you don't understand?
??????????
Why are you guessing how folding in works? Why not just look it up if you don't understand?
Your transitions are fucking awesome. You still edit your own stuff?
MORE BRUTAL FOODS YES
Our god has returned
I really wanted a halloween special but ian is using a costume so im happy,love you ian
Damn I moosed your editing
Welcome back to Texas! - From Houston
I feel that fridge thing, we had to put our leftover pizza on a plate bc the boxes were too big lol
this video made me say yeehaw
I wanna taste that YumYum. ( ?° ?? ?°)
I love red dead redemption 2
0:29 PUT IT ON A SHIRT!!
In regards to large chunks of toppings like Oreo not sticking, something else you can do that I've done with similar stuff, is to make up a little bit extra of the chocolate base and save it for after you've topped it, and kind of put light lines or swirls of the chocolate over the top, so when it sets it holds everything down a bit. I think for the second recipe my preferences would be to use milk chocolate too, I like chocolate but not big into bitter dark chocolate.
Oh man, I wanted to sleep but brutalmoose posted so I guess I won't
Please don't cut into the bags like you did with the chocolate chips. It's very easy to slip and stab yourself. For your health.
When there's untapped potential on the sides of the bowl, use a spatula to scrap down the sides, as you want to incorporate all the ingredients.
Love the spooky bits! They make this a semi Halloween video. XD
Jesus 3 brutalkitchen's in 2 years
Hope you enjoyed the evergreen state, please come back soon ?
I had one goal in life...to randomly be in Seattle doin' shenanigans...I'd see Ian and scream HEY MOOOOOSE! and run away into the night. You've deprived me of my stupid dream, man. Not cool.
Damn, I'm gonna miss that tiny kitchen
HE LIVES!!!
My culture is not a costume. We cows are very offended by it.
why tf am I critiquing your cooking ? I don't cook I only watch binging with babibi
MMM THEM SUCKERS TASTEY
This series should just be called "Ian has a hard time with whisks"
I love brutalfoods episodes
Fellur folding in something is putting the 2 ingredients in a bowl and then with a spatula scraping the bottom and "folding" it on top
Oreo were introduced March 6, 1912; 106 years ago and are a discount version Hydrox cookies which were made years before.
the editing in this video. like always, is fucking insane and i love it
2,300+ likes vs 13 dislikes
I've never been offended by Texas Stereotypes, but I've always been mildly annoyed because I'll go to tell someone Texas isn't like that but then 6 people on Horses just go past my house blocking the entire road and I know they're right.
-"in the worst case scenario we got too much chocolate and who doesn't love that?" -"the chocolate overpowers everything else" man I love brutalfoods
Whoa, that's a nice kitchen
Damn fine pie there.
Real Title of the episode: "Ian learns how to use a Kitchen Aid." :D
I love your editing so much
Wow. Apparently it's impossible for me to watch a BrutalFoods video without giving it a like before the end... ! Ian, your editing... It's is amazingly silly ! I love it ! The "plop" at 4:27 caught me off guard. Now let's continue watching.
There's never anything good on Sundays BrutalMoose: Howdy! I can fix that
Really enjoyed this quick look at Red Dead Redemption 2, looks promising
As a fellow Texan, I can confirm a rattlesnake on a second rattlesnake is rather fast.
I'm from Texas, too. The Mexican side. So less "yee-haw" and more "gimme your money ese before I fuck you up homes"
Congratulations on moving back to TX, Ian! I have family in the East of the state and have been thinking more and more of moving out there, ironically from WA!
Your editing is also just golden such a treaT
is your clock broken or did you freeze time to make this video?
Ah yes. The best god damn state in the country
I’m from Louisiana and I can’t comprehend why someone would choose to live in Texas. I prefer to believe Ian just did it for the lolz
24:30 - 24:45 alone deserves a Thumbs Up. :)
YAS!!!!!!!
WHERE HAVE YOU BEEN.
Never change, Ian.
Hello Ian, How about reviewing more frozen foods? Love, Me
Amazing video as always! ?
frozen pot pie reviews? banquet vs marie c’s?
that echo tho
Excellent Video! I am always excited when you"plop" out a new one. Keep on going making such good content, loving it!
I’m soooooo hard right now.
Welcome back to Tejas we missed ya’ll. Seeing you move about the kitchen with your trusty steed had me rolling. That looked mighty finely tasty and was a hoot to see you create. As always I love y’all videos. I certainly embraced my inner sprinkle. I didn’t know y’all had 30 men in the freezer, sounds pretty chilly.
Hope i see plops more in this channel
I'm only 10 minutes in but I have to stop and say Ian please get a spatula and use it instead of your fingers hhhhhhhh
Why do so many southern kitchens look like this?
I like how everyone is a professional chef apparently.
LOL! That intro, totally worth the wait for your new video :)
A brutalfoods episode! thumbing up regardless Vincent Smith will try to steal that bag of Werther's.
How are those freezer men doing?
How are you even alive you should have starved to death years ago
I don't know about you guys, but BrutalMoose is the only youtuber that really feels like your friend above everything else.
Red dead redemption 2 looks fantastic
Ian really has one of the best editing styleson YouTube
You know, I never thought I would see a man on a cow smashing Werther's Orginal in a garage with a hammer while hard rock plays. This is why Brutal Moose is the greatest, and why I'm scared of him
When using a electronic mixer, stop occasionally to scrape down the sides of the bowl so everything gets incorporated properly
Is the channel going to be called Texasmoose now?
23:50 peak comedy is not knowing if that's a typo or not.
I can feel the Texas flow thru my mouth and exit through my narrow urethra
IM CRYING
I live in Sweden and I have never heard of Whipped Topping. WTF is that?
Yee, and I cannot stress this enough, /HAW/!
Plop.
You need to make tuna noodles (my favourite) next time !
Moose Moving Up In Worlds
Chocolate pudding pies and chocolate covered pretzels are my favorite sweets so this vid made me hungry af. I agree that Milk chocolate would be better for the bark. nothing beats milk chocolate, pretzels and seasalt with a dash of caramel <3 I might try making some of that bark with my nephew, load him up on chocolate just before his mom picks him up. Great vid as always.
THE LEGEND IS BACKKK
I fucking love the little audio edits. It's very Ed, Edd n' Eddy.
Tha'ss gonna be some mighty tender beef by the time Ian is done beatin' the heck out've it :o I never heard of a Texas Yum Yum, buh... well, sure looks tasty :o
I'm so happy rn
A new house?! ??
Ian, I love you and I love your channel... But when did the channel become just about food? ??
in brazilian portuguese "anjo" literally means angel, but in recent years a repurposing has been happening where the meaning of it can be used as "a sweet person, so fun and adorable, someone so nice you just can't help but smile and laugh when you are in their presence" just to sumarize, when i watch ian's videos i just wanna scream "anjoooooooo" into the screen.
So I think the bark might have been more than 'eh' if you'd melted your caramel down into a salted caramel sauce and poured that over the top. That way there'd be less of a chance of breaking your tooth and dispersion of the caramel flavor with some salt which would help cut the dark chocolate taste. Also! Yes to hitting things in bags, though you can try the smooth end of a meat tenderizer so you don't rip the bag.
oh boy howdy this is a real TEXAN BOY THATS FOR SURE
absolutely wonderful content as always and that cowboy bark (yeehaw) looked delicious
I can't believe you did Texas desserts and the internet just completely failed you by not suggesting Texas Brownies, the single best chocolate-based dessert on the planet.
plop
Watching Ian mess around with that expensive piece of cooking equipment was a painful experience. Treat your kitchen aid with respect!!!
Brutalfoods may be my favorite thing on the Internet
I really enjoy those videos? It really make your editing/humour shine
this reminds me of this https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lIR68SbPg-U
The world needs some "Plop" t-shirts
> Being on a diet > Watching Ian make desserts What coulf poffibly go fronf stuffing oreos in her mouth
When’s Ian getting his own TV show?
Red Dead Redemption 2 graphics looking good
I love these brutalfoods episodes IAN! But, what the hell happened to the televoid series man? You Can't just leave it like that. I mean, you can because it's your channel but, it would suck, lol! So yeah, dont leave it hanging like that, just yet Ian.
Ian's legs have gotten a lot shorter since the last time I saw him. Must be from all of the sitting he does during editing.
I love your channel and I love the food series you’re doing right now but ngl, you shouldn’t be allowed in the kitchen other than to do the basics.
The texas yum yum recipe calls for puddin', but can I substitute pudding instead?
19:25 ??Chocolate Rain??
wot in tasty texas tarnation is this? also, watching you try and operate an electric mixer was painful lol
this was more fun and informative than pornhub on sunday YEE HAW!
I thought you were going to call your steed PBG and am almost sad you hadn't.
Ian doesn't have an accent for someone that grew up in Texas
at the end there i was really expecting ian to say "and thats why they call him plops"
Ian dude, I you needed to split those pudding portions in half to make it look nice in the crust. You had enough to make two of the Texas YumYums. I'd still eat it tho. Chocolate pudding is my jam. Also, get yourself a decent SlapChop or something like that. That way you can chop up things like nuts and veggies without removing a finger. XD
Ian! Cowboy Ian? Thank you for the video! It kept me company while I built Ikea shelves. It also made me want food. Good job! Also, when you fed Plops the Texas Yum-yum at the end, did it result in a cowpie on the floor? Ahh, the challenges of being artificially fused to a steer.
You should try peppermint bark it’s really good
Such a highlight of my day seeing a new video from you, Ian. Now I'm hankerin' for some pudding.
Mmm! Them sucker's tasty
Oh my god billy joe bob he’s back in town’
I have the sneaking suspicion that the Brutalfoods Kitchen Lab...may not be a kitchen lab...but a garage..
P L O P
Plop it! Mix it! Spread it! Chop it! Crush it! Melt it! Pour it! Top it! Freeze it! Spin it! Cut it! Eat it! Milk it!
The whole reason you can mostly only taste the dark chocolate, is because the salt helps cute through that strong, bittersweet dark chocolate.
Ian, I just wanted to say that I truly look forward to these food-centric videos more than almost any other content on YouTube. In fact, my subscription box is full of comedic food channels! I hope you realize how much fun and unique these are and I hope you never stop! Thanks again!
Man, this has me hyped for Red Dead Redemption
I love and appreciate the quality of your videos. Thank you. :)
Red dead redemption 2 looks good.
Ian using the mixer is some of the funniest shit. He has no fucking idea what hes doing
I know what I’m making at the next rodeo.
Oh :(
Hello Ian, you never seize to amaze me! You could literally read the back of a cereal box and you'd find a way to make it entertaining. Keep doing what you love and wish you the best, man. Probably your only fan from Saudi, Cheers. P.S. Sorry in advance if there are any grammatical errors. English is my second language.
Welcome to Texas! Shop at HEB
Tik tok made me lose faith in humanity Jesus where are you
Ian should make Surreal Memes tbh, his editing sometimes feels like one
When adding confectioner sugar or more powered type ingredients, sifting them helps with not ending up with chunks.It's looks great though :d
The Manly Muscles song was one of the best callbacks of all time. Thank you, sir.
These videos always brighten up my day, thank you.
The new red dead redemption 2 gameplay looks sick
T H E M S U C K E R S T A S T Y !
yeah, gluten free stuff is basically made without wheat flour (your standard white flour), and processed somewhere wheat flour isn't used either. usually a blend of different flours are used to compensate, and it tastes... weird sometimes. most gluten free bread tastes like moist cardboard. it's very sad. doubly sad that i have to be gluten free since i have celiac. but i've learned to cope. i'm sorry you had to experience the gluten free food taste sensation by surprise.
i have lived in texas my whole life and i can confirm everyone says y'all just about every other sentence
I was on my way to sleep but then saw this video. Sleep can definitely wait! (we have the same rice cooker, btw)
I am not going to get use to the new kitchen yet ya'll (I live in Ohio not Texas).
The way powdered sugar works, you have to use a spoon to scoop it into the measuring cup, because if you just scoop it regularly it packs together and you get too much. Unless the recipe specifies, it's better to spoon it in rather than scooping directly with the measuring cup.
I see someone is excited about the new red dead game.
My favorite chocolate bark is rocky road. Milk chocolate, marshmallows and almonds. Really tasty.
this is getting me in the mood for christmas, oddly enough
Why is there a huge bag of freezie pops in your freezer?
welcome to texas rupert the bear he is the bear with a lotta hair
It's like every time I turn around you're in a new kitchen. Kitchen World Tours.
Texas Mentioned, Swell with TEXAS
This just made my weekend. Great work Ian.
Dear Ian To fold something into something else, put both in the same bowl, grab a spatula or rubber scraper and scoop, lift, flip, drop, repeat. It's meant to gently mix two things together
Oh man, that Texas Yum Yum looks amazing. I might just have to give that a go.m myself.
The music sounds very much like it's from the early Spyro games, lol
How did cowboys make the bark back when there where no Oreo's?
18:32 is such a mood
Another brutalfoods is honestly christmas
lmfao I was dying when the plane traveled across the world just to get to the other side of the country
My dad’s old house looked just like this
Oh wow, never knew you're from Texas. Reminds me I have a character from Texas in my story I might never actually start. lol 19:14 - How did I guess he'd get smashed? lol (I didn't guess he'd become a ghost though)
Question: Am I only allowed to make and eat these tasty Texas treats in the titillating territory of Texas?
This dude feelin the red dead 2 fever
Totally accurate to Texas
Those "Bop It!" noises.
Try the second dessert with only peppermint/candy canes and salted crackers.
Don't get how you're not more popular on YouTube. You have Such a unique editing style and humour
I just fucking lost it at 25:39 how DARE I'm sOBBING
I love Brutalfoods so much! Between the editing and the laid back presentation and chill music, it just makes for quality entertainment.
So weird to see you actually prepared with all the ingredients and tools you need to complete something. I can't say I like it...
10:52 Me when I see that Ian uploaded a new vid
Everything’s bigger in Texas, including the kitchens
Dude what the hell, how can someone be this good at making videos. Top tier content my man
make sure you scrape the bowl, so you get all the ingredients mixed in next time also its easier to just put the whipped topping in a pipping bag easier to design and cover,
Pro: the editing and comedy of Brutalfoods is phenomenal! Con: so MESSY!!
And I thought Red Dead Redemption 2 would be my favorite piece of western-themed entertainment this weekend.
I'm like man that cleaner looks like a squeeze it. Then he proceeds to drink it.
I missed you Ian, I'm only a minute and a half in and it's already worth the wait
yeehaw pardner im the comment man wid de stereotypical texan accen’ an southern spellin! i aint so creative wid these comments, but i sure do try pardner!
Ian. When folding something into something else, typically you do it by hand. What you did is more like incorperating. Folding is literally like, folding. But you still did a decent job for the most part. Folding creates a more light and airy texture when done right. You might notice that your pudding pie is a bit dense. That's the difference. Incorperating is something you do when you fully want something mixed in. And Ian, finally... Your knife skills still scare the shit out of me, lol.
diabetes.
This video is a Texas treat
10:39 "push it.. twist it.." BOP IT
P L O P
I may be late but I don't care!!! Love your vids Ian! Keep em coming
Does your family ever watch your videos and question your sanity? ??
ian.....i reckon that horse yer riding looks suspiciously like a bull....juss sayin, pardner.
Best RDR2 gameplay yet
What does ian use on his hair it always has such volume
Red Dead RedemptIAN
Red dead redemption 2 looks great!
Plops is the goodest boi
Dude finally I love these videos ian pro chef tip put a moist towel or paper towel under your cutting board so it doesnt move when you cut... on it. Also tried making your chocolate Mason jar penut butter balls came out bomb !
Can't get enough of these cooking videos, keep it up Ian! I'd love to see you try some foreign recipes as well (Like "brigadeiro" and "coxinha" from Brazil).
Food Network better be paying attention to our boy Ian
15:33 As an architecture graduate, I am appreciative of Ian's measuring system and can confirm that we also use it in the field
I wish Brutalmoose could go back reviewing bad pc games or video games.
Ol' Texas Tanner strikes again
I remember when this guy used to do mainly game reviews. Now, he's the only cooking YouTuber I'm subscribed to.
Honner the texas flag, i pledge allegiance to thee,texas,one state under god one and indivisible Edit: HOLY CRAP I realized that texas.one is a real website so I just fixed this
yes.
Cowboy jesus
chocolate sprinkles aka shiny rat turds
finally a relatable youtube chef. i also spent an unreasonably long amount of time trying to get the mixer attachment off when i first used a kitchenaid
Ian's hair is so fabulous, I'm really jealous.
Texturally, pudding is repulsive to me ??
another masterpiece!! Congrats on the new kitchen! I know you are a proud Texan, so this was a great video for you to do :)
I had no clue you were from Texas That's awesome! I love my state. Now I highly recommend checking out hobby lobby for more science kits. They'll definitely have some!
And the Texas Yum Yum has been entered into the Clean Plate Club.
Y'all is pretty Southern, and ain't is too. However, they both have nothing on the majesty of y'ain't.
God I love these videos so much Great editing, great humor, great long video time, great hair
You can never predict Ian. I was fully expecting some Halloween what not but instead we have a video about pies! Still great content
My wife cried when you "folded"
Hey, I have the same paddle thing! Next time I cook up something, I’ll feel like I’m on BrutalFoods in my own home!
As a texan, I approve of this video. ??
Cowboy Ian is best Ian
next time you need toffee bits and can't find any, just break up a few heath bars! might only work if what you're making already has chocolate in it but they're MUCH easier to work with than hard candy imo
This new red dead redemption is looking damn fine
PLOP
fuck y'all
You should have made fried chicken since you are in the south
Next time you need toffee, look for Heath bars. They're toffee and you can break them up
Cool. 5 ads on one video!
I simply adore these episodes.
Your hair is so long and majestic. Glad to see you are still alive though.
"yee haw" -Ian hecox 2018
I don't know if it's on purpose or not, but I think your clock needs batteries
Ian: time for me to break up the Carmel, "gets a hammer" Me: why the f*** would you use that, just use a rolling pin lol.
BrutalMoose: Oh baby Me: a triple
Clicked on this video so hard, I might have injured my finger...
l still love to think how the channel starting out was doing game reviews like caddy and now we out here makin' food, I'm really enjoying these videos and hope to see more in the future
I'm just a hotdog....yeehaw.
Am I the only person who noticed the clock behind him was 1:50 throughout the video :D
chorp
You did the folding correctly, I don't know what everyone else is talking about. The only thing you messed up on was breaking your pretzles and Oreos. You are suppose to use a frying pan.
This is my girlfriend and I's favorite show to watch together. We're gonna try making the pie!
I'd give this video 5 yum yums out of 5
Yes
Just in time for Red Dead Redemption 2
Every added blip of funny audio you edit in makes your vids 1000x better. Keep it up, E.
Your moms kitchen is pretty nice.
your hair looks so nice, beautiful, and luscious
DAMN now that's a sexy cowboy
The best way to spend a fall Sunday. Thanks for another fun food video Moose!
I think I would gag with the Texas Yum Yum. Too much whip cream.
I FOUND SQUIRREL IN THE WATER WITH A HELMET,I WILL COOK IT AND MAKE IT A SNACK
Ian your amazing at piano!
"I need a scooper thing" PROCEEDS TO USE SPATULA
This is embarrassing, but the whole time I kept getting worried he'd lose his balance and fall off the bull...
Damn, I want me some Texas Yum Yum
I got an HEB ad for their brand of ice cream. Doesn't get anymore Texan than that.
My happy place is the brutalfoods kitchen where it literally rains chocolate and it's always sprinkle time.
i was just thinking about brutalfoods the other night, glad to know i hold a psychic influence over you
THE BOY'S BACK IN TOWN
Ian, for chopping up peanuts or any kinds of almonds, just get a machine for doing that. I'm in Europe so I have no idea what they're called out in the states but this will save you a lot of time and fingers!
That is a Texas sized bag of powdered sugar.
hey im in texas do you wanna swing by grapevine and buy my insane clown posse cds
Hi! I saw some other people mention scraping down the mixing bowl to get everything mixed; but idk if anyone has mentioned that you can scrape down the bowl with the soft silicone spatula you have, it scrapes everything down and is more easy to get excess off of instead of a spoon. You sort of make a stabbing motion around the inside wall. You can also use a soft silicon spatula to stab things out of whisks instead of fingers. It's really helpful when making cookie dough/other dough to make sure everything gets incorporated. Your lazy susan thing is really cool, very glam :^)
Is it wrong to think when Ian made his entrance: “hmmmm, Ian’s awfully adept at spanking that steed. I wish I could g...” Ehhhh, you get the idea. Glad to have ya back Moosey! :)
I'm originally from Washington but have lived in Texas for twenty years. Seriously, go back to Washington.
Just subscribed and was sad that you havnt uploaded in a while, then you upload. Nice
Nice! You aren't dead. Thought you quit YT
When you realize brutalmoose was spanking himself. ._o
Red Dead Redemption 2 looks pretty good
One word.... DIABETIS
Yee (and I can not stress this enough) H A W !
Is Take 5 better than Crunc?
well, bless your heart
Please do all your videos in the future dressed like that. Thanks.
Cowboy Ian is the hero the SouthWest deserves.
You FOOL, you escaped Texas, why did you return?!
The editing is always amazing, I'm sure it must take a while to do, but it will never be unappreciated
The sprinkling was too intense for my soul.
The echoey kitchen really makes me feel like I'm in the old wild west ?? Hooray for the return of BrutalFoods and of Plop!
More brutalfoods
I’m Texan and I’m not too disappointed
The new kitchen looks a lot better on camera.
I think you did well!! Although I'm also a kitchen amateur so I have no idea what I'm doing as well :")
Puddin' without cookin'? Madness!
Good to see you're back Ian!
I missed you, Ian
When you say move back to Texas, did you buy a house or move in with your parents? That looks like your mom's kitchen.
As a fellow Texan, I'd like to give y'all a hearty yee-haw for another good video
Why do you even have this show when you clearly don't know how to cook?
Love the hair
As a Texan residing in the lovely state for nearly 2 decades I can confirm these dishes are indeed heccin Texan
One protip i have for your future chocolate melting endeavours: a double boiler To create a double boiler you add water to a saucepan, put it on a hob, and bring it to a gentle simmer. Then you put a heat-safe bowl on top and melt the chocolate in the bowl. It’s a little slower but also the chocolate has just about 0 risk of burning, and it’s easier to control if you need the chocolate at a specific temperature. Double boilers are also good for other more gentle heat-based tasks, like melting butter, mixing up some hollandaise sauce, making custards, etc.
Careful about feeding Plops. You don't want him making cow pies in the kitchen
YEEEEEEEEE HAW
I hope to see Plops return to us soon, bringing treats and recipes from across the globe...
I totally thought you were going to say I'll be dressing and talking like this from now on
My girlfriend doesn't like chocolate at all, so she would hate chocolate pudding XD
Love it! That Texas Yum Yum sure looks yum yum!
read dead 2 and a cowboy ian is making this the best weekend ever
So would you say that Cowboy Ian is a real BUCKAROO?
Thank you for the great captions!
One of the best parts of these videos is the cooking tips from the comment section
Sadly with that kitchen aid you do have to swipe the sides once in a while to help it mix everything. I think there's a part for the machine that does reach the sides though
the subtitles are funny, yet not goofy.
You’re an editing god
I lived in texas and and just moved to washington the irony
A half hour of brutalmoose to start the day? Hell yeah!
Jesus of Dallas, I love your editing!
Those bare Ian feet tho
Man the new gameplay for red dead redemption 2 looks great
I don't know anything about cooking, but this is probably my favourite series on YouTube.
The Netflix Adaptation of C.O.W-Boys Of Moo Mesa is heading in an unusual direction.
This is so trippy ?? i thought the background looked like a green screen
3 words. Yippee kay yee!
Ian you probably moved back to Texas the cheap McMansion sized houses
This editing is so great
Loving these edits so much :,D
I got way too excited when Ian rode in looking like the hippest cowboy
Why is there a Gluten free section?
Pretzels and Oreos? Yuck!
You know your eating some good desserts when you need some milk to wash it down with
I love the new cooking mechanics in Red Dead Redemption 2
So about the kitchen aid, if stuff gets stuck on the sides, just pause it, scrape it back from the sides and turn it on again, also, when microwaving chocolate or other melting thingies, its ok to do the 1 to 3 minutes, but every 30 seconds take it out and move it a bit with a spoon or alike, so the chocolates that are in the middle get moving and the ones on top/bottom/sides dont burn because of heat and pass that bad flavour to the rest of the mix
I expect more Cowboy Ian in the future
you might want to put your hair back in a ponytail while you cook or else hair might fall in your dish
Scrape the sides!
Is this that Red Dead Redemtion 2 everyone's talking about? Where do I buy??
Do you run a new kitchen factory, ian?
Plays Red Dead Redemption 2 for 5 minutes (*intro start*)
As a Texan resident I can confirm this is the only thing we ever eat
Honestly half of the fun in these videos is watching ian learn how to cook.
Not gonna lie I’m a big fan of Brutal Bull (your bull riding Texas persona) really hoping that costume gets some mileage!
A half hour, dessert themed, Brutalfoods on my birthday!? You're the best!
Finally a new video!
Looks tasty as hears Mariana sauce in the background oh god...
Would it canoblastic for Ian to eat moose?
That "Confectioners sugar" was Powdered not Confectioners.
I wonder what goes through Ian's head when he edits these videos...
I'm pretty sure "Folding" is meant to introduce as much air as possible into the frosting, making it much fluffier. To fold in an ingredient, instead of just mixing, pour your ingredient on top of the mixture, and just use a rubber bowl scraper and just scoop from the bottom and literally fold it over the new ingredient over and over. Hope this helps! Love the content man keep it up, def one of my fav creators!
Awesome new kitchen Ian!!
You mentioned Texas so I need to ask if you like Bowling for Soup
That's a cute dog.
Helpful tip! When using a stand up mixer use your rubber spatula to push the stuff that sticks to the side of the bowl back to where it can be mixed in with the rest of your mixture!
Another good vid, Ian! For what it's worth, I think when the bark called for toffee bits they probably meant something like a chorped up Heath bar.
To get material off the side in that kind of mixer you need to use a spatula to scrape things off the side intermittently while it mixes.
So I turned on the closed captioning today and didn't realize how they weren't automatically captioned. The closed captioning actually made the video even better and I totally recommend you guys give it a try if you haven't. Besides that, great video! <3
Having a kitchen aid mixer for you seems like an art student buying copic markers or something. Tools are great, but a lot of technique to learn. Love the brutal food videos.
Brilliant!
the greatest youtuber of all time is back! instant like
Real men eat pudding on a knife
Hey Moose, I recently bought this off brand slap chop for like $15 and its a lot better at breaking things up things like the toffee, since when I break up harder ingredients, the bag falls apart with it. Thought I'd share, and always good to see ya!
If I still lived in Dallas I'd be helping you out bro! Culinary degree here, give ya some pointers and such :)
You love salt, eh? :P Have you heard of NerdECrafter? XD
i have the CC on and at 3:26 that is like the farthest thing from gruff western music lol :p
I'm still watching but I keep thinking your bullfriend is going to knock something over.
Hey so is it canon that there is more than one Ian?
I want puddin' now.
Here's how to crush your nuts, for future reference; spread your nuts across a cutting board, take a small pot, and press the bottom side down on your nuts. Those nuts will be well crushed, guaranteed.
My oh my have mercy on me for givin' such a delight on the Lord's Day
I love the editing on these.
Use a cloth next time instead of a plastic bag, no risk of breaking :)
I audibly gasped when I got the notification
18:22 MANLY MUSCLES!
You actually need to scrape the sides of the mixing bowl with a spatula so everything is properly mixed. Also, to fold something in, you put some of what you want to incorporate, take a spatula, scrape against the bottom and/or side of the bowl, and literally fold it into itself to gently mix everything in. Folding is good because it introduces more air, making it lighter.
Brutalfoods Food Lab sure looks like an ideal place to hide a body...
Omg I missed Ian's videos so much
I LOVE the salt
One hell of a kitchen upgrade, Ian! Congrats!
Wow, that’s literally the exact right technique to chop nuts that you displayed.
God I really love the cooking in the new red dead game
IAN YOUR KITCHEN IS ENORMOUS
That is the correct folding method if you are using an electric mixer. Otherwise, you could fold it in by hand using a rubber spatula to stir the whipped topping in. Also, if you scrape the sides of the bowl with a rubber spatula, the cream cheese won't stick to the side like that.
Ian: Remember to use a microwave safe bowl. Me, hesitant to believe that bowl he’s using is microwave safe:
In this episode: Ian moves back to Texas, shortens a few feet, and obtains a flying bull.
Hey good job with tempering that chocolate it’s hard to get a good finish when your messing with the chocolate while it’s still hot like you do with bark. Love the videos Ian
I don’t live in Texas but I live in Alberta also known as Canada’s Texas so close enough right
I say we sub title this episode: Ian Rides Again. Also now I really want to watch you play Nancy Drew Secret of Shadow Ranch.
Wow an ad luckily I'm watching it on a ps4 haha
This red dead redemption 2 gameplay looks amazing
I had a feeling it was gonna be a good Sunday!
you thought all pretzels were glutton free?! ..... dude.... pretzels are bread.... you know.... wheat
i like the new house
Based on the thumbnail I was expecting this to be a video from "Tasty"... Boy was I taken off guard by the cowboy Ian...
Put nuts in a bag, smash them with a mallet or rolling pin. Think I might make both of these ....
Howdy! your editing is amazing!
You finally uploaded
my only complaint is that he didn't dip the bark in to the texas yum yum
13:00 with that music I thought you were in Mung Daal's kitchen
These videos and black tar heroine are the only things that get me through the day
?? Yehaw! ?? These two larfin desserts left me going “Mmm! Them sucker’s tasty!” ??
* cries in hank hill *
My baby sis and I are dying from your confusion with the Kitchenaid. You look like me and my confusion with children in general.
Those are Pathetic Recipes A FRITO PIE, that's a Man's Recipe
Your gonna need to fix the audio in the kitchen. Try putting some sound damping pads behind and around the camera/microphone
Living in Texas, I honestly hate the stigma placed on it of everyone being super country.??
I missed you so much
Oh no, he stole some poor confectioner's sugar again!
Plops is best stead.
That moment of Ian holding the plug was priceless. Also, Heath bars are toffee. Get Heath.
his accent gets more texan over the video. oh no
welcome back to Texas my friend
Folding is a technique where you attempt to not burst bubbles in delicate things like whipped cream and custards. You use a spatula to scrape the bottom and "fold" it over the second ingredient so that it won't lose it's volume and fluffy texture. But you're right, I agree it's funnier if you don't know that.
Scrotch
Well, yeehaw! I reckon those treats look pretty delectable, I tell you h'what.
People: Cowboys can't be sexy! Me: Shows them cowboy Ian.. Me: I bet y'all feeling pretty stupid now!
Wow, Red Dead 2 looks even better than I imagined.
YESSSS MORE BRUTAL FOODS!
Ian, I know you have a destructive side after seeing the Werther's massacre. It hurts me to see you try to cut bark instead of just smashing it
I love the commitment to the costume bit.
Mmmm, them suckers tasty!
The editing just makes everything perfect
Omg blame it on his roots, Ian showed up in boots and came back to Texas. Bluebell, Whataburger, and HEB missed you, bro. ??
Yeah... What's So Great About Dumb Old Texas?
ENGINEER
“Mmm! them sucker’s tasty!”
"You're doing amazing sweetie" - me and my sister losing our minds at your cooking antics.
5:40 It's not that hard. 5:52 Oh...
You're ment to whisk it mate, but good try.
Ian is an unlockable character in red dead
17:24 jazz pianist ian with his hit "i have not seen such bravery"
I was so happy to wake up to this. Ian cooking is like me, clueless with good intentions
Greetings from Brazil! Seeing cowboy Ian is a shining light of hope in this dark times. Maybe I'll even try making some "YumYum... Yums".
With things that get sharp when you break them, you can also cover them with a kitchen towel to keep them from going everywhere.
Here's a helpful bit of advice: when lining your baking sheet, take a stick of butter and rub the pan down with it before you put the paper on it - this will keep the parchment paper (I prefer wax paper) from popping out as it did.
CHORP CHORP YALL
12:05 Hint at making types of Buffalo Wing Sauce?
Even though I lived in Texas my whole and I'm Hispanic, I cannot relate to these treats Yum Yum
I think this is my new favorite BrutalFoods video.
Put the peanuts in a bag or bowl and smash 'em. Just a thought. Great music and sound effects btw! =)
I always find mixing cream cheese with my kitchen aid much easier when the block of cream cheese is cut into smaller pieces. Same goes with other things like blocks of butter, it just makes mixing easy and efficient. Great video as always by the way!
Every time you do anything I'm just worried you're going to blow something up
S N A C K P A C K S is my cb radio handle
I will literally never get tired of the "plop" sound clip
as someone who knows how to bake/cook there is a lot of "omg no" moments in this video but still pretty good nice job ian
Your house is so nice!!
Who else loves brutalfoods?
OH MY A BRUTALMOOSE VIDEO, THATS NEWS !
Man they actually look good.
ian, why is your clock not working :(
For the chopping, your hand placement was good but you need to roll the knife from end to end of the blade edge over the nuts instead of bringing it down on them. :) Edit - Also, you should chill the Texas yum yum to get the pudding and other layers to be more solid when you cut and serve.
I can't decide if a KitchenAid stand mixer is 1.) wasted on Ian, or is 2.) the only mixer capable of standing up to his abuse.
I'm under the impression this video was fun to make. lol
Ian "we're getting some stray confectioners sugar in here..." me: crying you're supposed to scrape the sides xD
We don’t deserve the amount of effort you put into these but we sure appreciate it!
Finally another brutalmoose videooooooooooo! I've been fucking waiting forever! Yesssssssssss#
I giggled as the "plop" caught me off guard.
How dare yee make funs of our home land
if u love old stuff so much then do a recipe from the first cookbook ever written by Apicicus
For the duration of this entire video, my thought process was "gee, I'm hungry. But I need to finish the video before I get lunch. Gee, I'm hungry."
your gorgeous hair has been distracting me the entire video. seriously what magic do you use in order for it to be so fluffy and shiny?
Ian makes such awkward cowboy. I love it!??
I love the theme
Boy howdy, I just hit some black gold, Texas tea.
Ian? not in an apartment kitchen? who IS this IMPOSTOR?
Yo take five is the BEST! Also please make Plops a series regular
Nice Red Dead Redemption 2 review
This video just made me want chocolate.
You actually wanted the paddle for the cream cheese step Paddle for beating, whisk for whipping.
2.57, looks like a bag of coke.
Ian criminally underuses his rubber spatula
its a bull, not a horse just saying.....
Your editing gets better and better with every video Ian. The music, the transitions, the splicing, the sound fx, the lighting, all that hard work you put into these videos SHOWS. Excellent job!
0/10 folding, it wasnt folding. Folding is basicly barely-mixing stuff in so its kinda combined but without much force used
hype as fuck for this ep
At mid intro: let's get married.
30 MEN IN MY FREEZER
Texxxxxas yeeeeees
Cruel Deer is back!!
Finally! A new Brutalmoose for me!
For a minute there I thought you'd had to move back in with your parents. And then you opened the fridge door at 2:22. I stand corrected.
Next brutal foods do super Texan beef recipes or tex mex.... But beef... RIP PLOPS
To fold a mixture, take a spatula or wooden spoon and slide it to the bottom of the mixing bowl. Try to scoop one end of the mixture over the other, like you're folding it in half. Repeat until your mixture is well incorporated.
Aw, no Killjoy 2 review for Halloween? Also, 2/10 folding in score- illegal use of mixer. Would be 0 but I appreciate the effort.
plop intensifies
One day Ian will run out of characters to play Oh who am I kidding?
Ian, remember I loved you before you had money
Read Dead Redemption 2 DLC gameplay (REAL) (COOKING) (GONE SEXUAL)
You live in Dallas? I live in Houston.
You get an F for Folding.
@16:28 Shoulda used a food processor Ian, woulda made it much easier
Texas Yum Yum sounds like a “special” massage.
Yeah, cool whip and cream cheese is basically the filling for a cheesecake, totally should have used thawed cool whip.
In the middle of a water fast and deputy moose came in to torture me.
Jesus Christ, Ian. This is amazing. ??
man, i'm a bad texan for neither having heard of or tasted texas yum yum in my 24 years of life
Moose, here's some good tips for knowing what type of attachment to use for your stand mixer!!: -The Whip attachment is best things that are more of a liquid consistency or for when you need to add air into something when it's mixing, such as with whipped cream. A lot of batters use the whip attachment. -The paddle is good for things that are thicker, such as frostings, or as you have here, softening things like cream cheese, butter, etc. Basically, if something would be REALLY REALLY difficult and annoying to get out of the holes on the whip attachment, go with the paddle. -The hook (which idk if you have) is for doughs, though some less dense doughs can be made using a paddle.
I wonder what kind of bottle that he always has is called.....
You folded wrong. Check one of 15000 videos or wiki How's. Basically, scrape around the outside of the bowl and do a kind 9f figure 8
the stars and stripes are big and bright
I fully expect you to have diabetes by the end of this
screams in triggered baker Cries in YEEHAWWWW
this has made my day, thank you ian :)
I've not seen such bravery
10 seconds in and this video is already outstanding. That first recipe looked so good! I think I'll try it sometime! I cant say this enough, I absolutely love your editing! :D
Red Dead Redemption 2 looks amazing
YES NEW BRUTALFOODS THANK YOU GOD
Is that footage of Dallas, Texas I see?
i am from thailand
Plops is displeased with your offering! ??
YEEEEEEEHAAAAAAWWW
Wow Ian... Didn't know you were from Texas... So am I... Ian from Texas...
you mixed it not folded it but sure. you do u papi moose
tell plops i'd die for him
answering ian's question and some tips - Scrape the sides of the mixers bowl with a spatula, so it all mixes homogeneously - You did not fold correctly, but i don't think it mattered for the recipe - Instead of cutting peanuts with a knife, crush them with a mortar and pestle, or put them inside a zip-lock bag and crush them with a hammer
I love you and hella missed you bud where you been?
0:33 Red Dead Redemption 2 early leaked footage (colorized)
What are you used to cream cheese to look like? In a container?
M8 if you want to fold something you gotta actually fold in with a spoon
NEW VIDEO!
ian i believe folding is usually meant to be done manually, perhaps with a rubber spatula
you can just use like a spatula or spoon or something to scrape down the sides every now and then to ensure maximum mixage.
You were in Washington this whole time
Can you pin this for miniscule reasons?
This editing brings me great joy. I love your work so much, Ian <3
You have to fold things in by hand with a spatula. It literally means fold the mixture over itself until it is just combined. Over mixing ruins the texture.
Man, Red Dead Redemption 2 looks amazing
dear god ian stop mixing things with a whisk you don't know what you're doing
Critical-ingredient-free is a crime.
Ian, with the mixer, you should've left the whisk head on and used a spatula like the one you used for the chocolate pudding to push out the cream cheese. Along with that, you should've pushed everything on the sides to the bottom so they could be incorportated. Also, folding in means you would take a spatula, put the whipped topping in, and gently fold the sides on top of the of the whipped topping. When you make a machine do it like you did, you're taking the air out of the mixture instead of letting the air be retained.
Everything’s bigger in Texas...even the kitchens!
With the mixer you're supposed to take a floppy spatula and push the sides down as it's mixing! :)
I had texas yum yum when i was in girl scouts many years ago, and it was amazing. I fell in love. I never found it anywhere else UNTIL NOW
Still effed up the folding part
It seems no one is saying it, that’s not folding
#peoplegettingreallymadatfood
'beat the cream cheese' Ian: ???whisk???
KKona Clap
It's the heart-attack tart
Thank you. Its good to focus on something else when stuff is going on in life. Keep it up Ian
SHOUT IT FROM THE ROOF TOPS
I'm not gonna lie, I initially did not like the format change. But now I want this on the Food Network
You did not fold in correctly, good guess though.
hell yes the moose is back!
“30 men in my freezer.” Umm... Ian...? Are you trying to confess something to us? lol
When using a stand mixer, ocassionally turn it off and use a spoon to scrape the sides down into the center.
Back in texas we call ice cream frozen cow juice
Y’all
Crushing the old man with the bowl really got me lmao
30 minute video 15 of it is spent fiddling with the mixer. UPDATE: The last 15 is spent in the Missing Sea Salt Chronicles
Wow! These graphics for Red Dead Redemption 2 are amazingly realistic!
CALL MOM FOR HELP
Ian, use a hair tie next time. You don't want your hair in your food.
Man... I envy that kitchen aid. Dems expensive
Guess who’s back, back again! Ian’s back, tell a friend!
[TRIUMPHANT WESTERN MUSIC]
Dang, Brutalfoods Kitchen 3.0 is MASSIVE, happy for ya Ian!
don't mess with Texas! I love this tho Bc I'm from Texas bahah
So excited that you're back ????
Ian, your videos are honestly amazing. Love watching them!
I hate chocolate pudding!!
yee (and I can not stress this enough) H A W
OH GAWD I WANNA BRAID IAN'S HAIR ??
New kitchen hype! I'll forever miss the old kitchen, but I'm interested in what this new kitchen will bring to the table.
Real cowboys only wear white socks
As someone that owns and uses a kitchen aid mixer literally every day, his struggle is painful to watch.
Who in the god damn tarnation disliked this video?
OMG I've been binging all your brutal food vids this week and there is a NEW ONE EYYY!
I live for your edits, Ian.
I like vertically split fridges more than horizontally split fridges
This is the only food related stuff that i follow on youtube.
Instead of a hammer, you can use a wooden spoon to beat the shit out of it instead ??
So if kitchen were Pokemon would this be the final form?
Good Texas fun...lmao
Is it bad that I forgot this channel existed?
How many times this mother fucker gonna move house?
Gotta say that’s the biggest thing of milk I’ve ever seen What in tarnation
Like if y'all from Texas
Why are you doing childrens programs, all of a sudden? Why has your focus shifted to "Bad Sesame Street"? Who IS your focus group? Tweens? Why are you making yourself look more stupid than you are? And why the fuck, are you trying out "ready made meals", when there is already 400+ people doing that? What happened to the games? Have you stopped playing? Did you find that making videos of games, was too boring? I am clearly not in your agegroup with these videos. Say goodbye, to your mature audience, and make sure you welcome the new ones. You know, those 12 year olds, that think you do something funny. It is not often you see a you-tuber, trying to switch out, his whole fan base for something younger... Oh, wait hang on, you see this all the time... Congratulations! You are now an extended after school service provider.. You must be proud, disowning your whole fanbase, in order for a new, more younger one... Hats off. You are just another asshole, trying to look after his "assets", without realising that you spit on your patreons and trusty followers. Great job. You are doing good. And you wonder why your channel is in decline? Why would a retro gamer, want to subscribe to a food channel of a retro gamer? Are you sick? Having a fever? Think Mcfly, think!
wowowowowoweeeee thanks
yeehaw! howdy?! (translation for all y'all city slickers: hello! how do you fare?)
Howdy boah
Last time i watch brutalmoose is in 1785
I went from listening to southern gothic to watching this.
Are you back in mom's house?
Is his horse plops a reference to Bob's Burgers or to himself?
I want Ian to tackle bread making
Yes. At last. Howdy-do.
I miss the can of Pringles on the fridge :(
Shout out to my boy Plops
I'll eat you for dessert IF YOU KNOW WHAT I MEAN
My mom thinks you are hilarious.
Nooooo I did not wake early enough to comment first!
I'm not clever enough to think of a funny joke referencing the video but BOOOOOOOOOWL
I really love these videos, keep up the awesome work Ian! ...and only because you asked, no, no that is not how you fold ingredients... also "heath bars" would have been a good toffee substitute.
I like the daily wear, Ian, but what are you going to be for Halloween?
You live in Dallas the most shat on city in Texas
red dead redemption 2 looks really good
Bless you Ian, keep doing what you do
Texas pies are TALL lol like they defy gravity so this is pretty correct actually
I trust one (1) man and that man is cowboy Ian and his trusty steed
The cycle is complete. Since January of 2013, I have waited for the return. We have seen whispers of it, but time after time, haircut after haircut, we have been japed and jostled. But no more. For we have finally done it. We have finally achieved... FULL LONG HAIR IAN ONCE MORE!
Keep Austin Weird, Ian!
W h y
Wait... Ian's from Texas???
PLOPS. I'M SCREAMING.
Look out Babish! Ian is going after your views >:3c
Good to hear a Texan is back home. Fort Worth represent.
The perfect thing to watch instead of starting my homework
You don't use the mixer to fold, folding is done to make sure the air that is incorporated into whipped cream and suvh isn't pushed out. You fold by literally folding the cream/egg whites into the mixture with your spatula.
I get genuinely excited when I see a notification for a new video from Ian
Thank god notifications for this channel still work
So glad it’s a 33 minutes video about pudding pops god bless you Ian god bless you
I’m supposed to be studying for a test tomorrow, but here I am.
Thank you Cowboy Ian. Very cool!
Yes more recipies!
Needs more ramen
As, a proper southern boy, who loves to cook, this entire video is offensive + all the puns included.
Yum yum!
This is so wack that you posted a food review video, I just subscribed to you last night because I found your lunchables review! Keep up them fine 'ol videos boy! Yeeeee-haw!
Woo Texas peeps, Where y’all at? Houston over here!
When the intro started I was thinking "now that's a Texas-sized kitchen" And then Ian said "I moved back to Texas" lol
Red dead 2 looks amazing
Tasty Texas Treats to Try This Thanksgiving That happens to land on a Thursday
i really like this change of videos
what a great birthday present. love ya texas ian
Change your channel name to BrutalBison
Why does Cowboy Ian have Dwarfism?
Literally having to restrain myself from not laughing so hard I die, this is gonna be fun
He's back, just as the prodigies said.
When they say folding they meant that you place the whipped topping on top of the confectionary sugar and cream cheese mix. Then with a spatula you fold the confectionary sugar and cream cheese mix over the whipped topping. This process is done so you can keep the fluffly lightness that the whip topping has, aswell as help the mixture hold its shape. Fokding would make the mixture almost spongey like. Although with this recipe I don't think it really matters. Anyways I love your videos! Tysm for making them ?? Also good luck in any other cooking/baking endeavors
Yesss a new vid
I like how this has just become a cooking channel now
Really good pacing in this show! New characters every video. Wonder how Ian is doing.
I ain't from Texas but this episode seems genuine
https://www.taste.com.au/baking/articles/how-to-fold-ingredients/bfczqmgw
I need smell-o-vision now for this video
You live in Texas and don’t shop at HEB?, this is a Disgrace for the Lone Star State
When folding you should have your rubber spatula and just lift and place until it's homogeneous. When you use the mixer your starting to over work your ingredients and changing the texture. But all that said it doesn't really matter so great job.
How did you know I was just binge watching the cooking videos and realised that no new videos were uploaded?
Yesterday we had Chad and Hammy and now we have Ian This is great
Is it me or does Ian look like Shawn Michaels
I love this halloween video.
Where did Little Ian go
i miss video games
Ian! im gonna Cum!
Ian you basically did the opposite of folding.
33 minutes and 52 seconds of my favorite series. #blessed
you and Brandi TV are the only wholesome youtube channels in existence. This video is amazing
Congratulations on the move, commiserations on the continued failure of your folding technique.
Also appropriate because Red Dead 2 is Finally Here!!! GG Ian
THE PERFECT HALLOWEEN VIDEO!!!!!!
Wow, Red Dead Redemption 2 looks really good!
I found myself hoping for a new BrutalFoods episode yesterday. Rewatched the Ramen episode.
yay. texas represent
It's been 1 month >:C
Yeehaw y'all
Welcome back to Texas! Glad to have ya here.
Probably the most diverse channel on YouTube at this point
Represent that State of Texas, BABY!! ????
I’m not sure if that was correct folding but you know what? I don’t think it mattered, frankly.
Half hour Brutal Foods. LETS DO THIS
I bet Ian a year and a half ago thought that this whole Brutalfoods thing was a funny one-off meme. Look at it now, it pretty much changed his whole channel and brought in so many new people; myself included
I've always wanted to go to Texas
It's BrutalFoods time once again ????
Just this morning I was wondering when there would be another brutal video. Right on time for dinner, too.
welcome back to hell
4:27 plop! ??
I got so excited when I saw this in my subscription feed! I love your videos! :)
Ian you make such great content. Please keep being awesome, and welcome back to Texas!!
Ian. I know you gettin those views, but you gotta stop with the brutal foods. I’m getting bored.
As the one in my house who uses the kitchen aid mixer the most, the part where you were trying to figure it out was both funny and painful (painful becuase i could be like "psst, Ian, push it up and then twist it"and such)??
oh boi
Scrape edges with Spatula then mix with machine again....easy :)
Hey first yee then haww
Grrrr Texas..... But this was pretty good
Red Dead Redemption 2 (2018)
Why does this new kitchen look like the old kitchen but from a different angle
Cowboy Ian is my favourite character from Red Dead Redemption 2.
Fantastic! This pie looks like a better then sex cake also know as a sin cake. These are super Yum! Wishing you an amazing day dear friend x)
Best halloween ever, a new episode of brutalfoods and plenty of cakes to bake.
LOOK AT THAT KITCHEN
Oh yes! brutalmoose!
Yay! A moosical!
Yeehaw indeed
vote for beto ian
Ian must've sensed I was having a shit day, cuz a brutalfoods episode is just what I need lol By the way, just some friendly advice on how to fold things in from a fellow cook, use the rubber spatula to kind of lift the mixture up and cover the whipped topping with it, keep lifting and covering until it's mixed in :)
P L O P
I can’t decide whether I love or resent your content but either way I’m enjoying myself.
Hmm! Them Sucker's Tasty!
I love you Ian, I was just saying I wish you'd upload and you do
yee haw
I'm uh... I'm gonna pre, dude.
perfection
Think all that weird food has stumped your growth there buddy.
Everything is bigger in Texas
cowboy ian has some short legs
Trusty steed? I think you meant trusty steer. Regardless, it's always a treat to see more BrutalFoods, y'all...
yee haw
blessed
Texas yim yum
I have to unsub. Moose was once all about quality game and then movie reviews, and now he's just doing food stuff and less scripted reviews in general.
As a Texan I approve of this
Thanks dad
It’s so crazy to me when I find out that certain youtubers are from Texas cuz like.... I’m from Texas, I’m in Texas. That’s wild. Yeehaw indeed.
Good stuff
cowboy ian is gorgeous
So when are you actually going to change the channel's name to "brutalfoods"?
The perfect video for a Sunday morning in Alberta, which I’ve been told is the Texas of Canada
The hair is out of control lmao
as someone from Texas... ouch. you don't have to put so much emphasis on the howdy and y'all cmon Ian also ain't is just a word, no need to over do it
Red Dead 2 looks great.
I love you, Brutalmoose! ??????????????????
I’m low key hungry now and my parents have not shopped for groceries in weeks.
Wait, this isn't a rdr2 review?
Return of the PLOP!
Yeehaw, a new BrutalFoods! And a tasty, uhhhh, root-tootin' episode it is! EDIT: ~? S P R I N K L E T I M E ?~
YES
Man, Red Dead Redemption 2 looks so realistic.
Looking forward to a great video, BrutalMoose
Today on Brutalmoose: Ian makes pie til the cows come home.
Welcome back to Texas! Yee....haw?
Yum
18 views 100 likes 40 comments SOMETHIN AIN'T RIGHT Y'ALL
Howdy y'all, wot in tarnation do we have here. A new brutalmoose video? Well slap me thrice and call me aunt jemima let's have a dog gone good time, yeehaw!
OMG THIS NOTIF MADE ME CRY I LOVE THIS CHANNEL, THIS EDITING IS MY LIFE, NOTICE ME, SENPAI!
Good job on the new apartment Ian. I'm sure Tiny Ian paid some of the rent
Half an hour of video, four advertisement-blocks, I am satisfied.
The new place looks great! Hope you like it there Ian! Edit: Those look soooooo good
You better be cooking these with propane!
Brutal gets his video ideas from a random hat drawing
Mm them suckers tasty ??
Oh, freakin’ yeehaw brother
You don't have to be lonely, at farmersonly.com
Texan viewers, where y'all at?
They always say yeehaw but never ask haw yee
Fuck yeah! Just what I needed today a BrutalMoose vidyo!
Ye haw
There he is.
...O_O... dear God no..... 1:34
Bless you, Ian. These reviews/cooking demonstrations mixed with your comedy give me life ?? Please keep doing you, ‘partner’. Yee-haw!
TexasMoose
Who's watching this in 2016?
RDR2 looking good ngl
Oh heck yeah!!! BRUTALFOODS <3 Omgosh stop abusing that poor mixer. T.T Edit- You can save time with chopping peanuts and almonds by putting them between a couple of layers of paper towel and using a heavy skillet to crush them. :)
Yes! Another one! I’m so excited!
Ah Texas the America of mexico
You know this started as a pretty boring Sunday but Ian's video just made it better.
Texas. Full of Texassholes. Texas; stupid, poor, sick, Texas sucks dick.
I was literally just rewatching Brutal Foods, love ya Ian.
yeehaw bitch
Amazing
Brutalmoose can you be the yee to my haw?
imma texan, y'all
Oh Gosh the choice between you and the Eagles.....Imma pick you.
Witty & Interesting Social Commentary Regarding Texas
Howdy howdy
HELL YES AN UPLOAD BOYS
He got a new apartment. That's so awesome. Good job Ian.
Yeeh haw another round house kicken' video from my best pal cowboy Ian! Yal best be ready....
Smelly dog
You know the episode will be incredible after such intro.
I love you
im gonna Cum!
Brutalmoose’s channel is going through a midlife crisis. It doesn’t know what it wants to be lol
I just entered the video and Cowboy Ian already scares me
Hello lloooloooowefverfvetgherdcwdg
Whoever says cowboys aren’t sexy, I bet you feel stupid right now.
That was an odd intro...
10 seconds in and it's already going strong
17 seconds in and I'm already laughing my ass off
I came here at 18 views lol
“Mmm! Them suckers tasty!!” There you go moose man
Yeah, sure why not?
As a Texan, these better be marginally Texas-themed. Only marginally.
What a wonderful start to my morning
As soon as Cowboy Ian galloped in, I knew this was gonna be good.
Mmm... Desert.
What a fantastic treat for this gloomy sunday!
Good shit, daddy-o. This was straight up cash money
YESSS DAY=MADE
I wish I was that bull
Now for a greatly edited video for us to watch
Who are you and why I subbed you
dude i live for your videos
Hey I’m here and it’s 16 views and unlisted! Yo I’m early for once!!
Y E E H A W
Yessss he’s back!
Neigh.
Yay new brutalmoose!
Third
Early gang
Unlisted squad
Yesssss!!!! Finally!
thank god
Farst
Lets go brutal moose this is my favorite channel