She sounds like she has a cold or menstral cramps. I love the idea but don’t overwork your stars.
I want to try that ice cream
Is it me or does she give off a Kerry Washington vibe
Did Vikings have ice cream?
She sounds a bit like louise from bobs burgers
The most amazing thing about this is how the video ended up No.11 Trending. This girl seems pretty clueless and barely follows the recipes. Every other comment seems to love the video and the presenter so I guess I'm just a grouch, IDK?!
what music/song is this?
It said to boyle, boil, it.
That was the most beautiful ice cream maker Ive ever seen. Your voice, you beautiful face and hair. Wow!!
IM SUBBING TO WHOEVER LIKES THIS AND SUBSCRIBES TO ME????????????
Says they’re following a 350 year old recipe and immediately disregards the recipe...??
Man I don't think I've watched a tasty video this calm
Man Kiano's pretty ??
"This is definitely . . . a flavor." Great line!
Lol she added WAY too much of that orange “aromatherapy” ??
Taste test at 5:07
Wow the 2018 version of making ice cream
Sweetheart, 350 years ago you would have been a slave, not eating ice cream
We were watching the titanic during this
I like her! Keep using her!
i t i s a f l a v o r
i wonder howmany recepies from the past are lost and rediscovered in kitchen
I absolutely LOVE your voice!
SHE'S PRETTY!!
They still make this where I'm from
The title is nonsense.
You guys should do more of these. I love historical cooking stuff.
U so cute be mine if u can ??????
Well, ??
Unintentional ASMR
i think it's sad and pathetic how lazy america has gotten over the past 5 generations including myself, in today's generation we call people to up to deliver are food and i'm not saying there's something wrong with that but if your calling romeo's pizza, chicken wings, papa john's pizza, pizza hut, or calling people up to deliver your grunola candy bars and potato chips pumpkin pie chicken fry don't you try to lie because i can see it in your eye then roger we have a problem
Wouldn’t be melted by then?
You do realize that using a 350 year old recipe doesn't make your final product 350 years old, right?
I just clicked cause she is hot
Ice cream recipe she added a ton more of spices per her liking? Doesnt make sense or hold true to the original recipe.
There’s a third recipe which calls for ambergris!
so they have ice already in the 17th century?
My dads getting me McDonald’s rn
MMMMMM I know something looks creamy and it's not the ice cream. You sexy lady.
New favorite tasty producer???
She looks like the Scandal actress ??
Ok the ice crem is good but.. no ones is gonna mention how FINE AND CUTE IS MATT ?????? like helloooo ???
Lol... Not true the story is fake
What people haven't been around that long.
Amazing recipe and more healthy .
3:15 her reaction is awesome??
She is hella damn fine.
Just because I am too lazy to try it myself, you guys should try making very old candy recipes. Example: Molasses candy from around the Civil War :)
Bogus. You didn't actually follow that recipe..
I only clicked for the beautiful black woman stayed for the surprisingly interesting video.
Yay more kianooooo!!
Next video:We tried making quality content.
I thought the ice cream was 350 years old
she added a lot of orange flower water so it went down hill from there so be cautious with the flavors you use
who else thought the ice cream was 350 years old but then read the title and was like oh ??
Roses are red, violets are blue, this is on trending, wtf YouTube!
She is adorable!! I could watch her try food for hours..
She pretty much changed the recipe right off the bat ?????
1:30 this is how you know this is a Tasty video
?????????????????????????
Lol that 3 hours felt like 350 years of work
Love your videos! My fiancé and I also make videos!
T H E B R O A R M Y N E E D S Y O U ! Enlist by subscribing to PewDiePie! Help us win against the tyranny of T-series!
Yes! More vintage and old recipes videos pls!!! Really curious about how food in the past tasted like.
Man, there is something about her...
It was supposed to be mixed occasionally. That helps with even cooling.
I want to try this but then I’m scared that I’m going to mess up my kitchen...
Malk
Click bait kinda
Kinao. goddamn.lord help me
Her skin is so beautiful it’s glowing ??
dies of polio
I have a question though...How did they get ice if there's no refrigeration?
Please stick with people who could follow recipes, as well as cook.. ????????????
?? you’re not following the recipe.. you’re making your own with her ingredients. so much for following the recipe, maybe that’s why didn’t turn out. maybe that’s why the title says (tried to) but she didn’t try! at all.. you just ran with it because why?? yes we all know..
I I k I ki I kin I kind I kinda I kinda r I kinda re I kinda reg I kinda regr I kinda regre I kinda regret I kidna regret d I kinda regret do I kinda regret doi I kinda regret doin I kinda regret doing I kinda regret doing t I kinda regret doing th I kinda regret doing thi I kinda regret doing this I kinda regret doing this t I kinda regret doing this to I kinda regret doing this to b I kinda regret doing this to be I kinda regret doing this to be h I kinda regret doing this to be ho I kinda regret doing this to be hon I kinda regret doing this to be hone I kinda regret doing this to be hones I kinda regret doing this to be honest I kinda regret doing this to be honest b I kinda regret doing this to be honest bu I kinda regret doing this to be honest but I kinda regret doing this to be honest but i I kinda regret doing this to be honest but it I kinda regret doing this to be honest but it w I kinda regret doing this to be honest but it wa I kinda regret doing this to be honest but it was I kinda regret doing this to be honest but it was w I kinda regret doing this to be honest but it was wo I kinda regret doing this to be honest but it was wor I kinda regret doing this to be honest but it was wort I kinda regret doing this to be honest but it was worth I kinda regret doing this to be honest but it was worth i I kinda regret doing this to be honest but it was worth it I kinda regret doing this to be honest but it was worth it, I kinda regret doing this to be honest but it was worth it, h I kinda regret doing this to be honest but it was worth it, ho I kinda regret doing this to be honest but it was worth it, hop I kinda regret doing this to be honest but it was worth it, hope I kinda regret doing this to be honest but it was worth it, hopef I kinda regret doing this to be honest but it was worth it, hopefu I kinda regret doing this to be honest but it was worth it, hopeful I kinda regret doing this to be honest but it was worth it, hopefull I kinda regret doing this to be honest but it was worth it, hopefully I kinda regret doing this to be honest but it was worth it, hopefully I I kinda regret doing this to be honest but it was worth it, hopefully I d I kinda regret doing this to be honest but it was worth it, hopefully I do I kinda regret doing this to be honest but it was worth it, hopefully I don I kinda regret doing this to be honest but it was worth it, hopefully I don' I kinda regret doing this to be honest but it was worth it, hopefully I don't I kinda regret doing this to be honest but it was worth it, hopefully I don't a I kinda regret doing this to be honest but it was worth it, hopefully I don't ac I kinda regret doing this to be honest but it was worth it, hopefully I don't acc I kinda regret doing this to be honest but it was worth it, hopefully I don't acci I kinda regret doing this to be honest but it was worth it, hopefully I don't accid I kinda regret doing this to be honest but it was worth it, hopefully I don't accide I kinda regret doing this to be honest but it was worth it, hopefully I don't acciden I kinda regret doing this to be honest but it was worth it, hopefully I don't accident I kinda regret doing this to be honest but it was worth it, hopefully I don't accidenta I kinda regret doing this to be honest but it was worth it, hopefully I don't accidental I kinda regret doing this to be honest but it was worth it, hopefully I don't accidentall I kinda regret doing this to be honest but it was worth it, hopefully I don't accidentally I kinda regret doing this to be honest but it was worth it, hopefully I don't accidentally d I kinda regret doing this to be honest but it was worth it, hopefully I don't accidentally de I kinda regret doing this to be honest but it was worth it, hopefully I don't accidentally del I kinda regret doing this to be honest but it was worth it, hopefully I don't accidentally dele I kinda regret doing this to be honest but it was worth it, hopefully I don't accidentally delet I kinda regret doing this to be honest but it was worth it, hopefully I don't accidentally delete I kinda regret doing this to be honest but it was worth it, hopefully I don't accidentally delete i I kinda regret doing this to be honest but it was worth it, hopefully I don't accidentally delete it I kinda regret doing this to be honest but it was worth it, hopefully I don't accidentally delete i I kinda regret doing this to be honest but it was worth it, hopefully I don't accidentally delete I kinda regret doing this to be honest but it was worth it, hopefully I don't accidentally delet I kinda regret doing this to be honest but it was worth it, hopefully I don't accidentally dele I kinda regret doing this to be honest but it was worth it, hopefully I don't accidentally del I kinda regret doing this to be honest but it was worth it, hopefully I don't accidentally de I kinda regret doing this to be honest but it was worth it, hopefully I don't accidentally d I kinda regret doing this to be honest but it was worth it, hopefully I don't accidentally I kinda regret doing this to be honest but it was worth it, hopefully I don't accidentall I kinda regret doing this to be honest but it was worth it, hopefully I don't accidental I kinda regret doing this to be honest but it was worth it, hopefully I don't accidenta I kinda regret doing this to be honest but it was worth it, hopefully I don't accident I kinda regret doing this to be honest but it was worth it, hopefully I don't acciden I kinda regret doing this to be honest but it was worth it, hopefully I don't accide I kinda regret doing this to be honest but it was worth it, hopefully I don't accid I kinda regret doing this to be honest but it was worth it, hopefully I don't acci I kinda regret doing this to be honest but it was worth it, hopefully I don't acc I kinda regret doing this to be honest but it was worth it, hopefully I don't ac I kinda regret doing this to be honest but it was worth it, hopefully I don't a I kinda regret doing this to be honest but it was worth it, hopefully I don't I kinda regret doing this to be honest but it was worth it, hopefully I don' I kinda regret doing this to be honest but it was worth it, hopefully I don I kinda regret doing this to be honest but it was worth it, hopefully I do I kinda regret doing this to be honest but it was worth it, hopefully I d I kinda regret doing this to be honest but it was worth it, hopefully I I kinda regret doing this to be honest but it was worth it, hopefully I kinda regret doing this to be honest but it was worth it, hopefull I kinda regret doing this to be honest but it was worth it, hopeful I kinda regret doing this to be honest but it was worth it, hopefu I kinda regret doing this to be honest but it was worth it, hopef I kinda regret doing this to be honest but it was worth it, hope I kinda regret doing this to be honest but it was worth it, hop I kinda regret doing this to be honest but it was worth it, ho I kinda regret doing this to be honest but it was worth it, h I kinda regret doing this to be honest but it was worth it, I kinda regret doing this to be honest but it was worth it I kinda regret doing this to be honest but it was worth i I kinda regret doing this to be honest but it was worth I kinda regret doing this to be honest but it was wort I kinda regret doing this to be honest but it was wor I kinda regret doing this to be honest but it was wo I kinda regret doing this to be honest but it was w I kinda regret doing this to be honest but it was I kinda regret doing this to be honest but it wa I kinda regret doing this to be honest but it w I kinda regret doing this to be honest but it I kinda regret doing this to be honest but i I kinda regret doing this to be honest but I kinda regret doing this to be honest bu I kinda regret doing this to be honest b I kinda regret doing this to be honest I kinda regret doing this to be hones I kinda regret doing this to be hone I kinda regret doing this to be hon I kinda regret doing this to be ho I kinda regret doing this to be h I kinda regret doing this to be I kinda regret doing this to b I kinda regret doing this to I kinda regret doing this t I kinda regret doing this I kinda regret doing thi I kinda regret doing th I kinda regret doing t I kinda regret doing I kinda regret doin I kinda regret doi I kinda regret do I kinda regret d I kinda regret I kinda regre I kinda regr I kinda reg I kinda re I kinda r I kinda I kind I kin I ki I k I
Hit like if u think rocky road ice cream is the ????one????
Who else thought that she was trying 350 year old ice cream lol
Get a life stop thinking ppl are idiots..... Those ingredients ... Give me a break....lucky they had freezers lol. When did they had vanilla. Haha cmon. Get a life....don't pretend u can cook !!!!
What a beautiful host??
You sound like a dumb bitch
Each like I will add an ice cream ??
I actually like making food from scratch and enjoyed this video and history...
Who else felt that in their ear 4:13
Did anyone crave ice cream after this.
I’m so stupid. I actually thought the ice cream was really 350 years old... slaps neck
You see that Brit.. My Blade Of Mace was better than your cream of orange poop.
10 mill subs and i dont even know of it
Who thought the title said "350 year old lady trys ice cream"
Where she found ice from? 350 years ago **no freezers**
Time and money equals interesting video experiment maybe I'll try it??????
Directions unclear, Anal bleeding won't stop.
Where did they get the recipe from ?
“It’s nasty” lol
?? ?? ???? ?? ??a? ??? ?a? a ?a?? fa¢???
Kiano fine asl. ??
I love Kiano's voice.
If they didn't have a fridge how did they make the ice for ice cream to 'chill'
I thought the ingredients were three hundred and fifty years old
Yum
Omg
Kiano rocks! Natural, funny and accessible. 5:36-5:48 was a pretty funny reaction.
i could listen to her talk all day long, her voice is so calming ?
Love it
You sir or ma'am just earned yourself a new subscriber
I really like Kiano and I really love the idea of trying old recipes. Would love more!
I LOVE HER
Does it piss anyone off how she said 17th century so about 1650 then yhe producer said 16th so 1550 and then in the title its 350 2000-300= 1700 1700-50 1650? So it it 1650 or 1550 or are the editor's stupid
Another quarter cup will never hurt. ... In most situations
Stretchy ice cream next!
How could you name it a 350-years-old ice cream when you just need 6 minutes and 34 seconds to serve it? jk
her personality is so calm and non-buzzfeed i am Shocked
No refrigerator... but has Ice?
I was misleaded by the title
Make 350 year old whiskey or wine and Ill be impressed..
Slave labor also degraded over the years.
You didn't follow the recipe.
Wow
I love me some BlAcK ChOcoLatE
is she coping Inda?
I'm tempted about that blade of mace ice cream wow looks tasty
When she said that there is no refrigerator was used I was a little confused when she also said ice. I thought when you make ice you use a refrigirator
Tries to make ice cream from old recipe. Immediately changes recipe with first ingredient
???? ????????????ee ?????????????? ?????? ???? ???????????????? ???????????? ???????? ????????????? ???? ???????? ????????  ??  ?? >> >https://t.co/ulDqhr6avk?Ry2di3qJzzM ???????? ???? ???????? ????????.  9053
???? Discoverrr How ?????????? ???????? ?? ???????????? ???? ?? ???????????? ???? ????????! ", Get ?????? ?????????? here ???•? > >https://t.co/ulDqhr6avk?Bp9zenrXgY8
Good..????????amazing
she sounds like scarlett johanson
More old recipes please. This is so fascinating.
Orange flower water tastes good in small quantities and if you take it more it tastes like soap...... It should be carefully handled
It would have been less icy if you churned a few times during the hours it was freezing. Just mix it up so that it freezes more evenly and with smaller crystals for a smoother texture. I've made ice cream without a machine, just with two mixing bowls, salt, ice, a whisk, and a freezer. I know people like ice cream in the summer, but if you had only primitive means it would be very easy to make ice cream outdoors during winter in a very cold place. If I lived in the arctic I would definitely try it and it might be better than a cheap ice cream machine if the temperature is low enough. At -40° you probably just need to whisk the chilled ice cream base in a bowl for a few minutes at the most and you have excellent really smooth and creamy ice cream, not icy at all. Then you warm up indoors and when you're warm and toasty you fetch the ice cream just outside (or in the freezer) and enjoy it.
Yum ??
Am I the only one who thinks she’s sexy
Lmao. "It is differently a flavor".
SHE. SO. CUTE
If there is no refrigerator, how can they make ice??
"We tried to make a 350 year old ice cream recipe" wouldn't it be better to phrase it more like for example "we tried to make ice cream using a 350 year old recipe" or "we tried to make 350 year old ice cream" ?
Why did you put “attempted” and “tried” because you wouldn’t have a video if you didn’t accomplish it
no one died in the west during the production of this ice cream......
so mr burns is older than 350 years.....sides maybe being satan LOL
The whole time she kept gradually adding more and more orange flower water I was yelling 'Nooo dont do it you will regret it!' That stuff is deceptively strong the longer its in something the flavor will penetrate. That shit needs to be used sparingly.
Entertaining I enjoyed this...
Can't help fallin in love with Kiano
Lightweight
Subscribe to Pewdiepie, guys let's do it!
There was white sugar in 1600’s ?
Her great great great great aunts probably prepared that ice cream for countless generation of white people....still using niggas to prepare it. What’s a shame. It’s ok my cousins are still Beheading each other back home
Ooohhh?? I'm pretty sure Patrick Star wants this IICEE CREEAAMMM!! ??????
it's true? ice cream recipi are 350 year old.
Wait if there were no refrigerators back then, how would they even have ice ??
A 350-year-old recipe and a 350-year-old ice-cream (which is what the thumbnail showed) are two different things.
Where did people from 1650 get ice from hahaha
Please make a mordern version of both of these ice creams! Kiano you're so cute!
THANK GOD FOR ICE CREAAAAAAAAAAAAAMMMM!!!! :D
Not sure who this lady is, but if she doesn't know orange blossom extract she can't be much of a cook. It is very common in Middle Eastern cusine and also in Western confectionery. It is true the recipes of those days were not too precise for our present standards, but when the recipe does give instructions (as in the ammount of mace blade) she "knows better". Very annoying video.
She cute
So how did they make ice in the 1600's ?
The real oldest ice cream is when our ancestors spilled milk cream and sugar into ice on the floor
Do an old Cake recipe next
Why you are so cute!
no, its not what the taste like.. u already changed it in the early of the video
i love her voice its so calm??
HowToBasic's Classic Recipe Gone Wrong
The 1660s IS THE 17TH CENTURY no * needed.
I didn't know ice cream was even available back then! This is wild ??
More of her please!
I see people making recipes and opening beverages from the past, but why noone does the same for the future? I want you to make stake a-la Mars and open a wine bottle from 2630
Another way to make a 350 y.o ice cream: Step:1 make ice cream Step:2 leave it for 350 years boom 350 y.o ice cream
Please attempt other old recipes so fun
Bitch didn’t even follow the recipe fully
I would try to get some orange flavoring or extract instead of the orange flower water.
"It is definitely...a flavor..."
Ok. Did you know that making ice creams in the old days have no measuring they just. Boom bam boom just PUT ALL OF IT.
pretty black woman always helps with food porn lol! :D
I'm here from trending videos on YouTube
Ha! Never knew it's called 'mace'. It tastes super good when being sweetened. Spicy almost chili, plus crunchy.
I think the orange flower water recipe would taste good if she followed the right measurements for the recipe..
Where did they get the ice from? 350 years ago
????????????
she burned the spoon
You didn’t make the recipe.
the years make no sense
This looks so amazing and so much fun. Curious about how it taste
#13 on trending! Congrats!
Are you guys going to continue making old recipe's video?
You are very beautiful
You put too much orange flower water
I can't say that this would hold up to modern standards. WELL MAYBE YOU SHOULDN'T HAVE POURED A MOTHER FUCKING SHIT TON OF THE ORANGE WATER
I'm wondering how they made ice back then.
If there were no freezers back in the 17th Century, how do they make Ice for the ice creams? Do they export them from Antarctica
I love the way this producer explains everything and makes such good educated guesses and is good at problem solving. I want to make this mace ice cream, but with almond or soy milk!
Hate to say it.. But due to breeding and genetics and general improvements to agriculture. Chances are this taste nothing like it did back then. Kind of like how chickens back then were drastically different. That said it's cool you found such an old recipe.
Fun fact: Salt does not lower waters freezing point, it changes the chemical from H2O to H2O with NaCl or saltwater which is what has a lower freezing point, not lowering the freezing point of water
X for doubt
Okay so you learn something new every day. I was sure ice cream, wasn't a thing until the like 30s or something. How did they even make ice in the 1600s is what I want to know.
who else thought the ice cream was 350 years.... just me okay
It’s probably because you used so much of that orange rose water. As the saying goes, “A little goes a long way.”
how the hell did she find this recipe?
i like her
if they didn’t have refrigerators in the 1600s how did they make ice, from snow?
She has a little bit of that Miley Cyrus raspiness in her voice.
They should’ve waited 6 more tears to make this video
She sounds exactly like IVANKA TRUMP...same voice.
The nut meg
I read this wrong and thought she ate 350 year old ice cream
No se si el helado está rico pero...que hermosa por dios!!!!
Check me out https://youtu.be/tcMAvxbsJ3M
I'm so stupid - I almost thought the ice cream was literally 350 years old;;;
She looks tasty.
Check it out! Prep! https://youtu.be/Q7yMo9Qfaig
I love her ??
mmmmm tasty 'cough cough'
I would love to read recipes from way back in the day with the beautiful hand written notes. I love all those pretty food blogs but there is just something special about someone writing recipes and scribbling things out after they revise it. ??
Marry me
MORE LIKE THIS PLEASE ??
my cooking skill - "maybe i just put another spoon of this"
I want to see jayden play fortnite btw great vid
*Recipe calls for 1 blade of mace. Woman uses 4 instead. * Don't tell me you're following a recipe when you're not!!!!
(Scratching my head) she said less is more with adding sugar but went in on the orange water smh ????? duh ?? it’s going to taste nasty.
This is excellent! I could watch endless videos with Kiano making recipes!!!
Who do you know how a bar of soap taste like ???
Wow..... We Can't Believe It That Old Recipes Ice Cream Was Back To Era 2010's Even Not Too Popular
To truly recreate it you would have had to use raw milk straight out the cow no processing but it was so cool video
Salt raises waters freezing point. It doesn’t lower it...
My finger was really close to the like button so I clicked it
Orange flower water ice cream should be called bar of soap ice cream
Whoever that invented the ice cream... is a KING. Here to express my love for ice cream: - My username. - I did a speech on ice cream in 8th grade English. - I eat ice cream cake every year on my birthday. - There's always a box of ice cream in the fridge. - Every time we play Kahoot (online game), my username would be IceCream777. I love you King Tang of Shang (creator of ice cream)
Awesome
"it feels cold but it's just sitting there" what does she think happens in a freezer??
Please try doing more old recipes!
If there was no refigerators back then, HOW DID THEY GET ICE?
8
Kiano omg ??
Kiano is so cute
5:39 OwO
Was there any ice cream 350 year ago
You should make the ice move or shake your bucket ,thats make the ice cream fast freeze, thats how my country make traditional ice cream , you should put a lot of salt and shake it. Believe me
Shes cute... People in tasty always this cute?
So there were no refrigerators back then right...so where did they source their ice...from glaciers?
So I first thought the I itself was 150 years old and then I realized they meant the recipe
Voice doesn't match her body
Make this a series!!
A taste of Vanilla extract alone is more delicious than a taste of cheap tequila.
I love butterscotch nd chocobar one of my favorite ice cream
"its definitely......... a flavor" LMAO
I want more videos made by this beautiful melanin women
I'm 300,769th!
I love violet blueberry flavored ice cream and rose strawberry ?? floral is an acquired taste ?? but then so is perfume
Interesting...I like the way you made commentary about the ice cream as you were making it!
OMG I DID THIS IN 3rd IM IN 4th NOW I MADE A RECIPE FROM THE 17th CENTERURAY!!!111
How do they make ice in the 1660s?
So beautiful ??
Mace is to me what makes pound cake taste like pound cake. My mom's recipe uses ground mace and vanilla. Yum
This is just a copy of ‘How to cook that’
Am I the only one who thought this said "We Tried 350-Year-Old Ice Cream"?
Ice cream are not innovated since 350 years ago,so fuck off beach
This should be a series,old recipes
if 1600's peoples watch this, they would be like "THATS NOT HOW YOU MAKE THATTT"
What’s the point if you’re not even going to follow the correct recipe?
Kiano is so chill
why does she remind me of dojo cat
I feel like it really isn’t trying the recipe since she added more blade of mace then what you should add.
Nice
i love her
She cute
you did not even follow the recipe from the very start.
Did they have freezers back then? Cos how would they make the ice?
i love love love kiano! more please <3
Why isn't Rie in this video?????? This is bullshit.
This was so cool! I would love to see more videos of recreating old recipes!
Sweet
We did this is intermediate when I was little, but we had a bag with ice and salt and we put the ice cream mixture in a smaller bag then we sealed the bag and put that bag in the ice bag shook the ice bag and around 10 minutes later we had ice cream
Why did she use plastic spoons at the end. No need really
You completely changed the amount of flavoring in the recipe so, no, you didn't make the recipe. Probably best to say that judgment should be reserved for the original.
In 1660s, how did they obtain ice? Was this made in winter season?
Kiano is so smart!
This was northish right? Cause how did they had the ice?
Is she new? I love her already!
When I saw the title of this video I thought to my self "Well it would be expired"
I REALLY like her!! Please more videos with her, this is a refreshing tasty video :)
you added way too much orange flower water.
WHAT A DISGRACE I JUST GOT CLICKED BAITED SHE PUT 3 BLADE EXCEPT 1
Hope you guys find more antique recipes!
People are totally eating perfume ice cream (rose, lavender)
she’s so pretty omg
I love how calm Kiano is I need a video explaining her tips and tricks to attaining that composure??
Does anyone else watch these when you're hungry, because you're too lazy to actually get up and eat?
You guys should try rose water instead! ????
Nasty ??????
hey dip shit, small kid time thats how we made it ice cream back em dem days 1950 1960 etc. So your making nothing new loser, nice try no fucking cigars you procrastinator, ps the best salt toooo use is hawaiian sea salt da best so nothing new
Fuck you and yer dam advertisement crap you suk
so where did the lady get her ice? where did she live?
Where did they get the ice
ICE CREAM RECIPE OLD AS WAKONDA
I love you so much Omg aaaaaaaaa
Orange flower is delicious
You can put it in but you can’t take it out. -kiano You are very wise Kiano
OMG i love her, we need more
Nice click bait, fucking reported
She’s so well spoken. I love it
Wait ?? If there is no refrigerators how is there ice ??
She acts like she’s never made homemade ice cream before. ??
that holy moly at the beginning sounded like "chuj mój", which in polish means "my dick" that was the first thing that came to my mind i'm so sorry kiano
i love this
This was a great change of pace. The straightforward, deferential, sincere delivery was so refreshing and made for a very pleasant, even soothing viewing experience. Great job, Kiano! (Btw, your skin is da bomb! Absolutely gorgeous girl!) I've gotten so used to content makers being cheeky, sarcastic, and flippant when trying or introducing history or old material. That''s not to say that this approach can't be effective, but it is only so when the content creators are (or at least appear to be) very knowledgeable and intelligent about the subject. Unfortunately, very few content creators (for some reason) take the time or effort to do this. Shane Madej and Ryan Bergara are some of the few examples I can think of who can pull this off. Probably because deep down inside Shane is a respectful person and takes it seriously. Only throwing in jokes when it seems appropriate (and never out of ignorance). Which is why they achieved a great amount of success while still remaining at Buzzfeed.
Looks pretty good for a 350 years old ice cream
the lady who created ice-cream is a geniuss!!!
Please make more "eating your feed"
That’s what she said
Lol I love this I love ice cream too!!
I thought this said we tried to eat icecream from 350 years ago not make it sooo.... This is nice ??
I would love to see more Kiano vids!!
if theres no refrigeration back then, how'd they make the ice?
?????? ??? .. ????? ?????? ?????? ????? ?? " ???? ??? "
Orange blossom water is delicious! It's used everywhere in Arabic pastries
I have a question. How did they get ice in that time. I may just be dumb.
She took WAY TOO MUCH of the Orange water. You don't have to go to culinary school to know that you use spices and flavours very carefully.
try making stretchy ice cream!
I hit the e-e red botton
I love her voice it's so relaxing lol
She's annoying. ??
I love her voice
Orange flower is very strong and not pleasant on its own
She’s cool
Orange flower water is to be added without caution lol, it tastes good when you put "a lot" It's like sugar..?? I mean you don't treat it like vanilla extract .. you can be free
How dis they do ice ??
Sooooo she made ice cream??
Wait a minute... How did they get ice 350 years ago if they didn't have freezers?
Well you just ruined a good old recipe, by doing it in the wrong way of making manual ice cream..
This is useless if you didn't know the exact measurements. They're not the 'replica' of anything.
For some reason I thought you guys were going to try 350-year-old ice cream ??????
0:20 1660 is the 17th century tho?
They changed the recipe and the steps quite a bit
Kiano's voice is making me sleepy I love her.
Thanks!You are sweet! Can you write recipe?
Did she put the ice bucket into a freezer or room temperature ?
I love how calmed yet interesting you are
How did they get ice cubes if there wasn't a freezer then
They had plastic wrapper 350 years ago?
Ice cream be like :"I never freeze" 4:32
Clickbait, the ice cream itself isn't 350 years old
Nothing beats my 2,000 year old boiled rice recipe. Everyone should try it!
she added a quarter cup wtf
Water evaporates, so you don't put orange flower water in when the rest of the mix is hot. You put it in at the last second. Look up any middle eastern/Mediterranean/south Asian recipe for desert that uses it. Same goes for Blades of Mace. I like Tasty's concept, I really do, but y'all need to do your research if you wanna do these videos.
Pretty girl. I like that hairstyle and your lipgloss.
Where is rie?
I like the producer's presentation <3 ! Such a nice and chill lady ! Really liked watching this, as for making it haha... Dunno...takes too long.
Really love the video effects along with the speeches lol
I I l I lo I lov I love I love t I love ta I love tas I love tast I love tasty I love tasty s I love tasty so I love tasty so f I love tasty so fl I love tasty so fli I love tasty so flip I love tasty so flipp I love tasty so flippi I love tasty so flippin I love tasty so flipping I love tasty so flippin
Till nowadays Ice cream in the Middle East has those flavours+ pistachios + melted Arabian gum, and it's called: Bouza, sold traditionally in shops and street vans.
But where did they got the ice from???
They didnt have mechanical stoves or wraping paper or anything you used so I dont think it taste the same
C'mon Tasty, what's with that clickbait thumbnail (not title). You guys are better than that
I’m eating ice cream rn
writes down recipe goes to church 350 year old recipe!
Kiano vs rie
Wow...using a oldy goldy recipe to prepare ice cream is absolutely stunning!!
She has great camera presence.
Remy Ma raps ??& cooks ????
If there was no fridges back then, how did they made ice for ice cream? ?? IM CONFUSION
Did people have electricity 350 years ago?
Love Kiano and her videos??
Amm I'm a kid and I have a question how could they make ice cream back then if they did not have refrigerators to make ice unless they were from the artic and again Shiping it would not work it would melt but love the video
More of this kind of video please :) She is just so amazing!!
Kiano is the cutest she’s just so adorable
In the 1600s how the hell was there ice present if there weren't refrigerators .... that seems made up
But how did they make the ice if they had no refrigeration!?!?
How did the Lady get ice if there was no freezer 350 years ago? Did they make ice cream in winter?
We tried using a 350 year ice cream recipe
dang! I wonder how that recipe is still here (considering it went through 350 years...)
We did this when I was grade 4
Did anyone else think it was cheese ??
I love watching Kiano
Wait, how did they make ice 350 years ago? Why couldn't they make ice cream in the same way...
Her voice is so soothing
kiano is so chill and lovely omg
KIANO IS SO CUTE OMG
May be instead of plastic wrap on the top, go for aluminum foil and a shallower dish so that the top foil is in contact with the custard
she is so well-spoken i love it
You should provide the citation to the manuscript where you found these recipes.
Who would have this much cream at hand
bro i love her personality :b
Her skepticism tells me she's not familiar with old fashioned ice cream churns that use ice and rock salt to freeze the ice cream mixture. My mother grew up with a hand crank model, which is why she bought an motorized model for when I was growing up. Good times! Granted, you're not likely to get a hard set on your ice cream without a modern freezer, but you can get something firmer than a soft serve consistency.
Nice voice.
Lol an add for tasty came on right before this
You should make stretchy ice cream!
350 year old recipe? Sheesh. Back in the good old days where they had to do everything the hard way. I can't even imagine.
Try to make s t r e t c h y ice cream
IF THERE WAS NO REFRIGERATOR IN 17 th CENTURY THEN FROM WHERE DID ICE COME ???. .....Illuminati background music.........
You poured way too much Orange Flower Water to your cream! That is why it tasted so bad.
I just want to reach through the screen and eat it
????????????
dOn'T fOrGeT tHe OlIvEs!
the idiot didn’t even follow the recipe
I am sorry to ask the wrong question in wrong suitation can you please tell me you foundation shade please?
More historical recipes please, Tasty! (Also maybe consult with a food historian?)
It reminds me of Isekai wa Smartphone to Tomo ni.
Such a soothing and calm voice ! This video was relaxing and entertaining
Can you make strechy ice cream that would be cool if u did
Where did they get the ice though?
WAIT SO PEOPLE HAS TO EAT ICE CREAM WHEN IT WAS COLD 350 YEARS AGO??? it couldn't be a refreshing summer treat because of the lack of refrigeration... I'm shook
lol i didnt notice i was eating a mcflurry while watching this video????
Damn she is so chill !
An ice cream recipe from the 17th century... Yes please! This is amazing.
Kiano is cooool so great that the first recipe I see her do is ... ice cream !!! :D
Watch my channel video ?? https://youtu.be/l0X2NetU7r0 (Making Slime With Funny Balloons Most Satisfying Slime Video)
I thought we used to use snow and vanilla and mix it together to make ice cream
Your honestly so fucking stupid you didn’t even follow the recipe dumb hoe no wonder it tasted like ass smh maybe if you weren’t barred out on Xanax it would’ve worked
it is just amazing
I thought you aged ice cream for 350 years lol
If you don't have fridge in that era, how do you manage to get ice(unless you get it from the nature)??
This chick is straight ?? ?? ??
I am very hungry for ice cream Now
I'm sorry but I'm triggered by the quality of the video
She's so cute
Tons of things like this on James Townson YouTube channel. They had someone making parmesan ice cream. And of course the 1700's fried chicken episode.
They must have had a lot of trouble storing the ice cream 350 years ago.
Different people got different tastes
That ice cream would be expired, I think.
Of cause it does not taste good. She used way to much Orange flower water. She also added more than twice the amount of Blade of mace as the recipe said. She did not whip it, And no ice cream is not ready after 2 hours on ice. It need a lot more time and you need to steer it from time to time, so it does not crystallize. Did she know nothing at all about making ice before she began? What she made is a basic old fashioned ice cream as it is still made today by many. Myself included. She just did it wrong from point a to z Ice cream maker/machine is not necessary when made right
Kiano has the most beautiful skin I've ever seen
Where did they get the ice?
Wait.. If she said 350 years ago dont have refrigerator to freeze the Ice cream, then where the heck 350 years ago people get the ice from???
She has a cute face.
How did they have ice without refrigeration 350 years ago?
Ok, so we got our recipe. Now lets just go ahead and throw that away. Im gonna do it so that it wont represent the original recipe. So what did ice cream taste like then? I have no idea, this is just a bowl of random ingrediant amounts. Probably should have done more research.
That's an amazing idea. Make more of these videos.
If 350 years ago there were no freezers how they made ice ?
i think you should put salt on top of the ice to speed up the project
more kiano pls
That's right stick it to the slave masters ghost!!!! We eating ur recipe now ????
Doesn’t she look like remy ma???
I have a doubt....if they had no refrigerators then...how did they make ice to chill the ice cream??
Would like to see more videos of making stuff from really old recipes.
what is the difference between milk and cream?
She is so beautiful :)
Damn it, Kiano is always looking gorgeous!! I wish I could marry her!
wow.. i literally thought for a second that the icecream itself was 350 years old... I'm so dumb...????????
I like her coz she doesn't give fak about anything
Please use this girl more often in Tasty videos, she's lovely!
good video .......YESSS.??????????????????
Don’t call it following a recipe if you don’t actually follow the recipe
Lol
I made ice cream the old fashioned way before...we churned it by hand... took me almost an hour. Even at 9 yrs old I was like not worth my time lol
i love her so much
did they have plastic wrap even in the 1600 ??
Where did you find ice in 17th century
Where did you find ice?
Immediately clicked when I saw Kiano! Your videos are always so creative, but also super soothing haha (To the editors or whomever, is there anyway the ending of the video could not be blocked by two big Watch More boxes? It ruins the end of the video, every time.)
sentren centry 0:24
Haha I’d just go to the market and buy some ?? ??
This sort of thing makes me embarrassed to be a millennial. It's not amazing that it "holds up so well", because this is a common way to make ice-cream--people were using essentially this method to make ice-cream at home just a few decades ago. She used four times the amount of mace in the first recipe and 15 times the amount of orange water in the second recipe, and then remarks that it's too strong! It's a little sad that they don't know the flavour changes as the mixture cools, but it's sadder that they judge the original recipe based on the results of their borked version.
It should be noted that we are used to stronger flavors and artificial flavors, so they'd probably use less of the ingredients to taste the flavor...
Wait if people didn't have refrigerator back in the days how did they obtain their ice???
Lololololo
But how the ice got iced
She said they didnt have a fridge
I hate it wen idk what to comment !
Damn Kiano you are sexy as hell ??????
I make Bread & Butter Pudding every now and then and sometimes add either a bit of orange flower water or Cointreau. For both a little goes a long way as they develop after a few hours.
96th comment (this is stupid)
How was ice made without freezers
Did you just add salt to lower the temperature? That's not how thermodynamics work. Sigh.
Step 1: make ice cream Step 2: wait 350 years Step 3: eat
actually.....salt increases the freezing point
Best and most calm video from tasty I’ve ever seen
The thumbnail makes it seem like the ice cream's 350 years old...
I like her
Orange blossom water is popular in north africa, I love it!
Heh hee most certainly ice cream machine or least a freezer nowadays is needed. :D
She looks like Doja Cat so much omg
Tasty never stop copying others
Christmas time has Cinnamon ice cream that’s almost to die for. SO GOOD. The “blade of mace” ice cream reminds me of that a little bit.
Funny...my name is keanu. Pronounced like (kee-ahh-new)
Hi Guyyyyyyssses I Love This Channel So Much???????? I’m Subbing Everyone In The Next 30 Minutes?????? If You Like This Post?? Comment Done? So I Know To Sub Your Channel?? And Sub Back I’m Doing Everyone....GO??
Fun fact, 350 years ago, people get their ice from ice merchants, who gets their ice from ice miners who lives in colder areas closer to the poles. So people were using ice that was taken from lakes and rivers, brought in by a ship, sold in big blocks and stored in an ice shed. Having ice in their drink and eating ice cold desserts is a sign of wealth, because ice was a rare item.
She reminds me of a black version of the girl from last man on earth
The most calm video ever
When you little sister got a birthday cake but no ice cream. ????
Who else thought they were gonna eat a 350 year old ice cream
I hope you do more videos like that, you are very charismatic :) I wanna try this recipe
330TH COMMENT ~Rox
No refrigeration, but plastic wrap is fine.
MAKE STRETCHY ICE CREAM.
She's a real cutie would love to see more of her and listening to her sweet voice. The ice cream looks good too.
Her skin tone??
If back in the day they didn’t have refrigerators and used ice, then how did they make the ice??
Kiano is just so pretty omg
Kiano ??your voice is like alluring me in drugs, you are making me sleepy... <3 <3 <3
I would have appreciated it if you would have religiously followed the original recipe rather than modify the ingredients; so basically you made a new recipe and no longer the 350 year old recipe.
This is the kind of video i like
How did they freeze things 350 years ago?
Probably the calmest person on Tasty :/ (well and Rie!)
i thought they were gonna age the ice cream for 350 yrs.............im so smart!!!! ;)
It's not good, because you kept adding the flavor, more and more!
I think a better title would be: Trying Out A 350-Year-Old Ice Cream Recipe
Very nice
Wow, y'all waited 350 years to eat this?
Heyyyy Kiano??
Matt!
ok but like where did they get the ice from back then?!?!?!?!?
How did they get ice in the summer and how did they keep it like what if she made a lot and she only made it for her (accidentally)
Is it an American recipe? Then bravo for realism.
I like this series. I hope you do more old recipes!
how did they make ice back then?
I think if she didn’t put too much orange flower water it would’ve just been a hint of it
Yum??
Millions of people will watch this, only a few hundred will make it and a few dozen will get it right.
She kinda remind me of Miley Cyrus??
Where would they get ice in the 1600s? Unless it’s winter time I guess.
But did she really follow the recipe? It seems like she was doing a lot of it to taste but what did the recipe say about the flower water?
Tell me this doesn’t sound like Selena Gomez
Let me guess its booza Edit: ok nvm
if im early do i get a heart?
Omg
People of the old era were really interesting. Both flavors speak for it.
My outer edge has melted solid. What!?!?
But my inside is completely liquid. (Wink)
Please do it again.
I am early
I like her ??
kiano and rie are the most iconic chefs
i love this woman
There's just so many things in this videos. How the hell have you never made ice cream using this method before? Second, you seriously didn't realize how deep the container was and question why it didn't freeze in the first place? They didn't have that big of a container in 1600's. She did such little research and its so half assed.
This video is so misleading .......
Hi, what does a treat of the time means?
blade of mace that just sound like a op MMORPG weapon that you can obtain through hard grinding
so....you have the recipe but then just do what you want. like whats the point??????????
Love ice cream!! BTW can u plz tell me with what can i replace almond flour for making macarons?!
WE WANT MORE OF KIANO!!!!!! I love Kiano! She so pretty and I love her personality and her voice. ??
OMG MY HURGY
If I had a 1 time use time machine I would go back to Lady Ann Fanshawe in 1660 and tell her her recipe was featured on youtube on Tasty!!!
Can we take a second to admire how beautiful kiano is ?
girl....you're beautiful, and i'm smitten by your chill vibe :)
I love orange flower water so much. It’s still used a lot in middle eastern dessert.
The woman would have go to the north pole to fetch ice cause 350 years old ago there were no refrigerators ??
I wonder who has a bucket that big at home
i bought tasty products from walmart. just loved it. thanks
jesus, add water to the ice...
Ann Fanshawe was an English memoirist and cookery author. Born at 25 March 1625, St Olave Hart Street, City of London, United Kingdom and died at 20 January 1680, Ware, Hertfordshire, United Kingdom, married to Sir Richard Fanshawe, 1st Baronet (1644). Daughter of John Harrison, this lady was a talent at her time! She wanted this to be a modern trend of the 1700s but look what ice cream is now. After all, this what you can do is.. mix the blade of mace and orange flower water and BOOM!! I mean like no one really used to read her books THAT MUCH. but wait till 200 years and BOOOOOOOOM! SOMEONE SAYS OK I READ IT ITS A PIECE OF HISTORY.
So ice cream is frozen sugar milk?
from where did they get the ice 350y ago?
This is so relaxing to watch yea? OK I think so.
These sound like hipster ice cream flavors
You have a Buch of subscribers, mind giving me a few pointers?
if you are a fan of cooking,desserts abd you love to watch cooking videos and enjoy it,i’v uploaded lovely stuff that you can see and like ??Have a great greatly day ??
Kiano needs to be in more videos!
Ice cream, Ice Cream, Who wants some ice cream? :D
I was hoping for a 350 year-old ice cream
WHEW....I've never been this early
Wow I thought salt melted ice.!
Every-time I watch a tasty video with Kiano in it, I can't stop staring at her! She's so BEAUTIFUL! She has gorgeous eyes and lips! (Not in a creepy way) Also, she's so calm..like she could be synonymous with serenity :)
Kiano, like piano.. She's cute..
woah this video was so chill haha
Where’s the 350 year old??? Clickbait
350 years ago..??????.. lires..
I have the same soap feeling with the orange flower water. I honestly hate the flavor but it’s used in multiple desserts over here in the Middle East.
She did a decent job, but needed to know that flavors get stronger to the taste as liquids cool or freeze since it takes time to develop. This is why it's best to add less flavor...what seems not flavorful when hot will taste better at room temperature or cold.
She is so cute
Species were expensive but they aren’t now
350 yeezy?
"Icy" cream
350 years old? It should’ve rotted years ago!
I thought the thumbnail was Michelle Obama before I wore my glasses
I LOVE ??
Do u guys have tasty Malaysia? I would like to join, im from malaysia??
Eww a Black Woman Next time Someone White Or Asia
Yeeeet im early
Why ?
At first I thought it meant that this specific icecream was made 350 years ago...
Kiano, your voice makes me so happy!
Thank you Lady Anne?
Here before 100k views
How about mixing the mace and the orangeflower water in the next batch?
Ice cream recipe from the mid 1660's !~~  This is just amazing !!!
holy shit i thought it said trying to make a 350 year old into an icecream, LMFAO. thats enough internet for one day.
Name gang
I have 350 year old icecream stuck to the roof of my freezer. Never cleaned or defrosted so it must be that old.
That looks Tasty
You do know that the 17th century is the 1600s, right?
I’m going to take a break from eating ice cream. It’s getting too cold outside ??????
Something different
the mid 1660's is still in the 17th century, no need to correct it.
I vids like this
677 like
I read the title as " We tried to eat a 350-years old ice cream" ??
Oh Kiano you're just too classy, AF
I hate people that ask for likes Like if you agree
3:17 OH MY GOODNESS I JUST SPENT A YEAR LEARNING THAT SONG ON THE PIANO!!! Zug der Zwerge (March of the dwarves) by Edvard Grieg.
Copying Ann Reardon's series, I see?
In india, people use star anise & blade of macr together to spice desserts.
Love Ice Cream
Where black people able to eat ice cream 350 years ago
Kaina
Wait then i assumed the ice is from... snow? Cz no freezer right? Where did she get the ice?
Finally, I'm early 4 once
You are ignoring us.
If you like this tasty, imma cry.
Hio
8th
Ooooh, if someone describes ice cream as "nasty," I think I'll pass. :) I prefer butter pecan. ;) This was very interesting though! I hadn't a clue ice cream was even a thing 350 years ago.
Looks nice??
I am so confused on how they can make ice cream like that back then but i cant even make ice cream in a bag now
??????????????????????
cool
Thanks 4 sharing! Exciting 2 me to learn that ice cream was enjoyed so many hundreds of years ago!
Kiano looks especially pretty in this video! Loveee ????
So happy to see another video from Kiano! We need you on the channel more.
I like ice cream. How is that recipe 350 years old
wow theres so much flavor, probably because you quadrupled the flavors, ya weapon
more super old recipes please
Tasty always makes such wonderful videos, and I feel so lucky that they put the time and effort to make these videos!
I'm a simple human...... I see ice cream....... I click
Vintage ??
Make this a series
Im early
Unbelievable Thanks i shair my sister and friends
most calm video I've ever watched in tasty HAHAHAHAHAHA
I wonder how many people are watching this at the same time I am ??
Oh wow.
She has such a calming voice
surprisingly early
I have never been this early
Omg
Anyone up for squads?
327th liker ??????
Why not just make it now & eat it in 350 years ??
Can you try making stretchy ice cream? I saw that somewhere and it looked really cool
WE NEED MOrE KIANO
Hi??
Dont steal ideas from how to cook that
I love Tasty so much. As a cook, they inspire me in so many ways. I'm starting to do cooking vlogs. I would love some support from you, subscribe on my channel for upcoming cooking vlogs. All the love, J. ????
SpongeBob: Hmmm... now you just need a symbol of authority. Perfect! It is our duty to catch this maniac and bring him to justice! But how to proceed? Listen, deputy, you're an ex-criminal. What would you do? Patrick: Hmm, I'd get an ice cream!
Sup im early bois
Step 1: Write down recipe Step 2: Wait 350 years.... boom, 350 year old recipe.
I love the video soooooo much and l love this girl she's cute ?????????
It's not easy to make..I m sure but I don't know about that 350 years ago there was ice creams were.available...surprised to know about it
This video was amazing
78 th comment first like
Cool
Some strong flavored stuff ??
53 view
DO NOT LIKE THIS COMMENT
YouTube is drunk
Wow I am the 32 viewer
Is it me or she sounds like mariah carey when talking hahahahaha
I love ice cream...
I scream you scream we all scream for ice cream ??
Noice
Who loves Tasty ? ??????????????????????????????????????????
WOW WOW
So u cooked that for 350 years? Damn.....
I love this channel???
Love ur vids keep it up you inspire me
That's just great ain't it
Great it looks like coconut icecream ????
I LOVE TASTY AND ICE CREAM????????????
If it's hard just to make the recipe, then it will probably be way harder to actually make the ice cream.
the dislikes are likes from people from the upside down edit : ty for the likes ! (:
Hi everyone
First
I love kiano she’s just so calm
I guess I'm early?
37th comment!!
Ye ye
Yummy ??
top twenty comments yaay
????????
37th
I’m going to make this
20th comment What am I doing with my life??
How do they have the recipe???
Lol I know I'm way too excited but idc cause I've never been first before if I'm really first lol
More of this please. like make the meal of jesus or anything old version vs the new version
Love you??????????
STOP.
I scream, you scream, we all scream for vegan substitutes.
Nr 19 wow so fast I am
Been waiting????
Great now I want ice cream ??
Im surprised that there was an Ice cream 350 years ago
Not first
y a a a s IM eaRlY aM I iMpoRtaNt ??
18th! So interesting to watch ahaha
I love ice cream
Hello
I am early
17 comment
Whaw
OMGGGG THIS IS THE FIRST TIME IM FIIIIIRSTTTT
Yum!!
Première fois que j'arrive aussi vite. Ceux qui parlent français manifestez vous !!!
10th comment! This video is so cool!!!
https://youtu.be/-_eTPOy65aM
super
Nice job
Like ur own comment to keep the ball rolling
She's so beautiful ??????
hey hey hey!
Hi
Fourth comment
????
GUYS! I AM SUBBING TO ANYONE WHO SUBBS TO ME !!? Have a cool awesome day
2nddddd view first commentttttt and first likeeeee
primero
Hi