Lol all junk bs
These are all dumb as fuck lol
Who’s here at 666K views?
Nice
yeah, extra small capacity power banks..........
none of these are bullshit except all of these.
Cool tech
Hair Growth Laser Device is another best gadget you include in the video the Hair Growth Laser Device is the Fastest laser hair loss treatment https://www.thebroketown.com/gadgets/110/Hair-Growth-Laser-Device
Who thinks this is waste of time???
Hypothesis challenge rear exhibit garlic exercise function budget document beautiful
2:14 The vid is so fucking cringe Look in the background You can see a oscilloscope, thats a device to measure voltages and peeks and stuff like that, but mainly, its just there so he seems more intelligent Its retarded
850$$$$$$$?????????
I’m not rich boy!
A drum stick app is a must have?
he doesnt know how to untangle a Fing wire?? should register for disability and BAM problem solved.
Wait....now I can charge my phone.... connect it to qiub.... And then connect it to.... To my laptop, a wall outlet....hmmmm. I like my charger that came with my laptop. 1 wire to the wall outlet to my laptop and my free short one or four inch wire that came with my phone, connected to my phone. I only bought a $8.00 battery charger. Fits any where. Just saying.
I like this gadgets. I love to buy all of them:D Try gadkit.com
is "THE POWER PACKER" a gadget?
Cool
Garbage
0:07 Interact with the "Whulled" ?
I'm certain the first one is most efficient, for people with specific disabilities.
welcome to my blocked list. worst channel ever just shows garbage over and over...
I have the first one
I would like to control my pasta The first one can’t do that!
All gimmick tech non sense to steal your money.
guess what biatch im living in 3000
personnaly l don't like this
i thought i'd be watching nice gadgets
Why these videos always sound like a shitty club?
# WERD. That is all I have.
"human hand is fantastic"
not new ...
As anyone else hearing vella instead of wella
Lame!
What the hell
Some day human will use only sign languages.
Advertisements Why would i wanna watch this
Im average, normal, and sophisticated.... i tell myself that in the mirror every morning but yet it doesnt seem to be true
visit for amazing gadgets https://newamaze.com
Does the first thing work if your black cause I didn't see one black person using it in the vidio
Music hill shock invent league likely situation real operator fit.
Doppler effect
That welle thing is just making all u hardworking rich peopl to lazy poor people. This gadget is a fricking fail
thumbnail 2:42
And comment
1 like
everything was just garbage...except the last gal..nice mouth for sucking mi cock
i bet the first one doesnt work how they describe it
Well that's useful
The first one is pointless especially if your device is right next to you.
Terrible video
I'M NOT THAT LAZY, RIGHT NOW.
Two words: Useless Gadget’s
U can use the drumstick thing but the cost is looking like an idiot.....
Well done channel. Thank you for the links to included products! Subscribed because of this video.
How bout ya'll use the goddamn mouse
He looks kind of Elon musk
OMG, I gotta get none of these right now
haha. The add about drumming was so funny. Seriously, no one should present anything in a foreign language if their accent is so heavy. I am a fluent french speaker, but damn, if I wasn't I wouldn't understand anything. haha
This video says that these gadgets are a must have, I see no purpose of having these though
I like the welle
fucking stupid as fuck
i like the first two then it started to get pointless
thumbnail 2:42
In the quib bit, why would you need a power bank when you have a perfectly good laptop with charge and USB ports??
I got a cool gadget from anxietyreliefdoodads.com
I want to make shit music too!
3:01 He tries using a power bank when a laptop is right fucking next to him
It was either some "revolutionary new power bank" or just garbage. Even that side bag thing was kind of dumb, just carry less shit, problem solved.
nice and cool gadgets
that phone was nearer than wella. Weird how she answers the call
"can be used with any laptop through the USB slot", cries in macbook pro
They Should Have Added A Tile Feature Built In & A Power Bank
cool gadgets #techfactswithsree
How seen all the vice documentaries
Oh man i lost all my brain cells watching this stupid worthless shit ??
life will convinent
Ese cargador esta de madre el primero
And comment
1 like
awesome!!!!!!
Im young and dont have a laptop so can someone plz explain what an dual port hub is?
should be named as "Top 7 MacBook Pre accessories in 2018"
That "designer" at 4:50 looked high off his fucking rocker
im pretty sure a computer, isnt a computer accessory
I miss the MagSafe and I need the MagSafe for latest MacBook Pro 2018. Please suggest the best converter!!
The Mobicase looks interesting, however, the $200 price tag is a turn off and deal breaker. The tiny tower has a big price of $80 for something you can remedy for free or with cheaper products. Also, enormous focus on Mac products, which is a shame. The Moose bag is promising, however, at $130, its overpriced and I got a chuckle at the way you can "lock" the bag around a pole when all it would take is a pair of scissors to cut the strap and get away with the bag and the contents. The CHUWI Hi10 Plus is useful, but the limiting factor is the storage at only 64Gb which is basically used up by both operating systems leaving a mere 20Gb for real storage. The price of it though is a good deal.
Just sit on a small chair or get a taller table for the first one ._.
The moose is my good
I'm sorry did they just use a portable keyboard on a laptop in that laptop bag ad?
The mobi case looks really good wtf!
tiny tower is awesome
macbook accessories
videp is useless this gadgets is only for mac
En serio 6 interrupciones comerciales? cada 120 segundos un puto comercial? Vayanse a la ve...jiga !!
Only macbook shit
plzz make a video how to connect dvd player with laptop and also explan how to install the os for laptop with the help of dvd player
I like Moose design and zendure
Way too much commercial break. Dislike and click not interest to prevent it pop out from my video list.
what the hell its monetized heavily
I love the durability of Mac products. but the newest products can just go in the trash.. I'll stick to Linux on PC
I'm sure there's tech behind it, but I don't trust magnets near my PCs, no matter how secure they might be lol
I find it sad that dongles are some of the must haves.. T^T That's right... now, we no longer need to just have only a laptop perfectly working for all our needs.. but, we instead have a laptop where we need to buy more parts to take up more space so we can use everything we need...
I loved #5 until I found out it was $130
Can vistar be used for asus
I was soo excited to get the moose bag but noticed a 130 dollar price tag
2:28
At the first, how the fuck do you type with the original laptop keyboard? You need to buy a wireless keyboard, cause with wired keyboards, it looks really ugly. Come on
5
Number 2 complains about the wired hub adapters Number 4 is a wired hub Adapter Wtf did u even watch these ads before copy and pasting them into ur video??!?!
im not gonna buy a MacBook ..... i'm a gamer MacBooks suck at gaming
Wish they will invent power bank for older version of macbook
I'm just glad that I'm short. ?? ?? ??
The moment you realize your watching adds...
4:40 who noticed random king
Simply awsome
the working station bag is going to burn out your macbook... there is no air circulation!
I understand that some people need to charge their devices, but what is the point of bringing you tablet and phone with you everywhere. Also, why the hell do the dongles never have Ethernet -_-
Look at those macbook users... Feeling so sad for them apple put them in alot of trouble what to do with that beautiful design of macbook when u have to carry tons of useless cables/adapters ?? ?? ?? Well dell xps15 guy is here
The First one is pointless just get a flipping computer ????
When it said 'omnihub is all you need' I thought I needed a laptop as well..
Is it just me or does the Internet not allow others to buy the corebook...?
i do not think so my video contains 7 addons in it. just no
2:28
I want this
Lol is more cheap put the laptop on a book tower hahahah
Eight ads to monetize a twelve minute commercial compilation? Why not interrupt your viewers every minute?
Hi
Moose vs Mobicase?
Gooooooood ????
LOW EFFORT FUCK.
The only thing that interests me is the first one. 2&4: I'm not stupid enough to buy a mac 3&5: Nice idea, but for most people, it will quickly become just another bag. Most people don't spend enough time keeping their bags organized, a lot of bags actually have a lot of features that we common users never use. Besides, you should use backpacks with chest strap, because side carries will bend your spine. Mobi case gets a + for the posture thing... but isn't it ironic that it's a side carry when they are talking about posture? Most people don't shift from shoulder to shoulder every 3-5 min like they should... Get a clue, make backpacks. 6: lol, how dah faq is that even a new thing? They are EVERYWHERE. And many are better quality too. And no, tablet can never be all that a REAL laptop can be. Because you can't fit a 1060 or better in it. 7: Excessive. most I've ever used is 2 ports, I doubt most people would need more than 3. Besides, most laptop now come with a charge port that can charge when not on, could just use that. I've a charger with 2 ports, and then 2 attached short cable on the side, one with micro-usb, the other... with whatever the apple shit is. That, IMO, is more than sufficent, and also more convenient as you wont need to break out the cables half the time.
im literally buying that tiny tower right now
#6 is a lie if you cant not game like wow on it it is NOT a true desktop replacement .
5 is my favourite
Neak back pussy and my crack
Love the video I subbed and likes it
Thumbnail bag at 6:35
With the first one why not just lower your chair Lol
Rename it to "Macbook Pro Accessories & Gadgets 2018 You Must Have"
The mobicase needs legs in case there's no table.
MOBICASE is absolutely fantastic.....
After I watched this video, I got the Mobicase. Lemme just tell you ITS AMAZING. Five stars 10/10! I totally recommend it.
200+ for a laptop bag? Thanks but no thanks!
3:48 he changes to a pc to a mac WTF illuminati cnfirmed!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
5:24 WHY TF DID SHE PUT A HAMBURGER IN THERE???
when you have a macbook old cringe im suing
Too much mac stuff...
i want the girl in blue
I want the thing on the thumbnail
2'28" good view, good view
When you have a 17in laptop
for someone who keep go out bringing a laptop everywhere that mobicase looks really neat actually
Thumbnail looks cool
Again only a sopy and paste video nobody needs
awesome absolutely
"Chunky boys"
Witch ones will work for ps4?
Personally, I love my Corsair Strafe.
@gameranx I have chosen keyboards 9 and 8 which one would you prefer?
The under 50 dollar list doesn't even include any mechanical keyboard.. and there are quite a few of them at the price point.. seems like the under 50 list is quite irrelevant (at least for me)....*change my mind*
Why do people focus so much on lights lmao
"UNDER $50" XD
Will the ornata wrist test fit the huntsman
He said its under $50 and some are over $100.
I got the K95 platinum and its not very good (That is my personal opinion) Because I don't like the klickyness Not enough of it and there isn't a nice taktile bump which I love. If you are checking this keyboard out then go to a store and try it out please.
G513 is the best
No ajazz ak33 or motospeed ck61 <3 bang for bucks
Damm I have a Razer Ornata Chroma R.I.P
I just bought a logitech g910
A razer ornata
Well, I was looking for a new keyboard, and I bought one right before I checked out this video to see if it even made the list and since it's sitting at #1, I think I made the right choice.
Great video and breakdown, but this is such garbage. There is no difference between these and regular keyboards save the back-lighting and possibly mechanical keys. What is it exactly that makes these "gaming" keyboards? What a joke of marketing proportions! I'm looking for a decently priced Merc Stealth still, and even though the shithead reviewers of the day crapped all over the extra game pad on the left, it is the best thing I've had for gaming since I bought it years ago. There is a reason a brand new one is selling for $650 bucks and used are going for like $180-$190 because those that have used it KNOW that it is the best thing out there. On top of that it is a TRUE gaming keyboard if only for the extra design which was intended for GAMERS! Let these products die, they aren't gaming keyboards, they are keyboards with flair, they do NOTHING to increase your gaming. Sorry had to vent, oh one last thing, screw Steelseries for canceling the production of the Merc and Merc Stealth, and screw them even more for ignoring the many people requesting they put this great gaming keyboard back into production. Thumbs up for the video sir!
Lol Synapse "if you can get that to work" Big fax right there
I completely disagree! I think the Corsair K70 should be replaced with the K95 Platinum, and that the Razer Blackwidow Chroma V2 should be be high on the list, not not on it at all
My Logitech g810 is super loud and I stream which that gets annoying any TKL keyboards anyone knows of that’s quiet but is mechanical
I Bought Fantech K612 Yesterday...Wroks Fine??
Huntsman is $200
Using the corsair k55 and very happy about it for the low prive of €50.
but... but wheres the redragon kumara k552
Redragon should be ine of the cheapest and the best
WTF? No Logitech G510?
unbox theraphy voice
I have found my own keyboard by your list. Thank you so much!
redragon mitra
I like how the keyboard in the thumbnail is $200
I'm okay with spending a lot of money on a keyboard. The keyboard i use in my gaming setup is a corsair k95 rgb platinum with cherry mx brown switches
what's up with mine :cougar x3 attack ;) The best
I have the k55 it's nice if you like membrane keyboards
Yeah, roccat Vulcan still is objectivity better in my opinion too all of these.
death stalker is literally god tier
Under 50 dollars (thumbnail is of huntsman elite which cost 200 dollars)
Errr... Not having the Redragon Kumara K55x in the best budget options section is a huge oversight; it's hand's down the best value option on the market and has been for a few years.
This list is a joke
am i the only one who thinks that the raze deathstalker looks like shit ?
Should have included roccat vulcan 120 aimo. Its an exceptional keyboard
Nobody ever reviews Bloody. I love their products and the software is pretty ok.
Msi vigor gk80
Sigh, when did gamers = rgb? It's so stupid to look for keyboards now and only seeing rainbow pictures.
Where are the Roccat??? comon
I think my phone is broken, i didnt see a Corsair Strafe in there
Why is the razed huntsman elite on the thumbnail when it’s a £200+ keyboard, and the title is keyboards under £50.
How about red dragon kumara rgb. Almost $25
??Huntsman elite??
HYPER X NUMBER 1
Who else got a tick-tok ad
Under 50 to 120
I really liked the Razer huntsman elite a lot more
I'd rather get the Razer black widow v2 or the new razer blackwidow elite over the huntsman elite because if I'm going to be honest the black widow flagship is still better subjectively (in my opinion)
Ew membranes! You can find a solid $30-60 mechanical keyboard. Maybe even cheaper if you keep an eye out for deals on reddit namely r/buildapcsales and r/MechanicalKeyboards.
i’m using corsair k95
A big NO about wasting crazy amounts of money, nobody is rich, so we go for cheap but good quality stuffs.
Logitech G213
Tbh I wouldn't get those membrane keyboard on Amazon u can get some pretty good mechanical keyboard for 25$ or more
I I Personally have the Razer ornata Chroma and I like the keyboard Because It's just Simple you have the customizable rgbs and a Realy comfortable wrist rest
WHAT YOU MEAN BY UNDER 50 DOLLARS I SAW ONE FOR OVER 100
Where is my Corsair K95 Platinum RGB?
THESE ARE NOT UNDER 50 ;-;
Why do gaming keyboards feel the need to move the F1-F12 keys, it makes using them in gaming almost impossible. For example for Fortnite I have a Razer keyboard and use F4 to build roofs but because F1-F12 isn't directly above the numbers it's really inconsistent
I have the corsair k55 and it's fantastic
Please do cheaper thhiiiings
Click bait ????
i Got a a keyboard its a old crappy HP keyboard its for bussiness i ikke 5 to 10 DOLLARS
What happened to 50$ to 100$ keyboards? ;-)
When you see your k55 keyboard and u smile in approval
"under 50€" lmfao corsaire k70 150€
I was expecting keyboards UNDER the 50 dollar price tag. After reading the title for the 3rd time I still don't get it. ''(UNDER $50 + PREMIUM)''
using an old G105 had it for years, its starting to play up now (too much button bashing lol)....oh and Kids... kids + keyboard = stuffed keyboard. but am looking at upgrading to the G513 or to something similar
For me the number one is still the Steelseries m750!
Cooler master ck550
Were the h e c c is the Corsair k96 rgb platinum
I have the logitech g213 and my mouse is the logitech g203
I saw the logitech G100 Laser (different to the one in the video) for 10$ on amazon by logitech
Weird to watch a video involving the AZIO keyboard I have, which is the L70 verision (I got it for free in a purchase of a computer years ago). I've had it for about 3 years. Things to note, the coating on the key caps wear off QUICKLY. I had several letters unidentifiable after a month - 2 months of use. Over all it's been a pretty solid keyboard. Occasionally my 'O' button stops working but it always resolves itself. The volume knob adjuster just register quick rotations so you have to turn it a bit slow. Additionally it only lights up in blue, not other colors.
I use the Aukey mechanical keyboard at work. I have my own office so it doesn't distract the agents in there cubicles. I recommend it as its a well built keyboard that can be had bettween 50-60 dollars. At home, I use a Razer Ornata keyboard which is awesome if you want hybird type switches. They are also not loud and the RBG speaks for itself (Razer). I bought it for 100 dollars.
a l w a y s g o m e c h a n i c a l but, d o n ' t g e t a n o v e r r a t e d g a m i n g k e y b o a r d
You do know there's actual cheap mechanical keyboards that's the same price with like the K55, G100
Where the hell are the cheap mechanical keyboards? Like the outemu and gateron switch keyboards? What the hell?
There you have it folks, all the companies that spend more money on marketing than the quality of their keyboards.
can anyone recommend a keyboard with cherry mx blues? Thx
Big enter is what keyboard need! Ouh and i can not w8 when they will start making wireless keyboards, it is 2018 already
I have the Razer Blackwidow X Chroma TKL with razer's green switches (which are basically cherry mx blues)
K95 PLAT
did anyone use Ducky?? made in taiwan
Little thiccer
WHERE IS THE REDRAGON KUMARA K552? 26 BUCKS AND MECHANICAL
Has it been years ? cause the prices are high asf
I use a $50 mechanical keyboard now. Love it so far. Its 61keys solid RGB waterproof, with Gateron switches are audibly and tactilely satisfying to press; now I like them more than my cherry browns right now, although I really liked those too. The tactile bump is quite a bit more pronounced than on the Browns and it is quite satisfying. If you have similar budgets, you can search Instago on Amazon, can't get better for the price.
you should do a 100 or less keyboard video, there are a lot of nice ones that are sub 100 but over 50
This list is all wrong. Don't get me wrong, some of them offer an alright value for what you're paying, but you don't have to stick to the "gaming" brand keyboards to get the best bang for your buck experience. Skipping over the GMMK was a travesty, and "for a couple hundred dollars" as you mentioned, you can get the Massdrop CTRL, which is outright the best you can get for $200 shipped without getting into the DIY realm.
im using a steel series apex 150 and steel series rival 110
I use bad exibel for like 20$
I really expect a not „Made in China“ keyboard. I know people don’t care that it made in China but i have high standard on quality control. In fact, chinese made stuff can kill some people because of the fault! Ranging from toy recall to elevator and escalator malfunction.
weird video, showing well priced items... then expensive ones , why not just stick to "under 50" and do a separate premium video.
Using a 45 dollar AULA Mechanical keyboard with blue switches, i adore it, just wish it had a numberpad.
I’m using the Razer BlackWidow Ultimate
we are halfway in on 2018 and you do this dude its a half year left
HyperX Alloy Elite RGB <3
The keycaps font of the last keyboard looks amateurish hmm
I use the steelseries Apex M70 TKL with virtual numpad software that i downloaded that pops up when you press F9
get a motospeedck101, tkl mechanical keyboard for $50
Disappointed that the g413 was not on this list
where's the blackwidow ultimate classic?
I got the K55 and it was a good keyboard BUT the lights stopped working a few days later. I like the keyboard but the lights didn't work well.
What about the k95 platinum
I got the Razer Huntsman Elite
Vortex series vx 10 full Cherry mx switch red,blue,brown Rgb Only IDR 630.000 or US 40-50
What about Corsair K95 RGB Platinum?
Ck104 motospeed?
Sooooo... your saying you can find a $200 keyboard that for less than $50?
It was if he said a keyboard who is 49.99 =)))
I wouldn't use a flat keyboard if you paid me to. I use the 'Microsoft Ergonomic 4000" for all my needs,  and the "Logitech G-700 Gaming Mouse" for all my needs. By the way "WASD" keys are the worst keys in the world for gaming, the best keys are "ASDF." Use F for Forward, A for Reverse, S for Sidestep left, and D for Side Step Right. It might take a couple of days to get use to these keys but once you do you'll never go back.
PUTS IN TITLE BEST KEYBOARD UNDER 50 DOLLAR SEES THUMBNAIL RAZER HUNTSMAN ELITE lollll
K95 Platinum or K70 Mk2?
Bloody 820r best keyboard for 60$
why not Eyooso 8100
i love keyboards
G100 combo is really good for Fortnite lol
Wtf under 50$
Corsair K55 Isn't that good of a keyboard. $50 for a non mechanical keyboard is terrible. Better spent on a budget mech keyboard.
I want a mechanical keyboard with a wrist wrest and back light for gaming at night for under 100-150, any recommendations?
I would suggest Ac Gam 109R keyboard, is cheap mechanical keyboard with nice rgb led feature, and is around 50bucks, cheap and worth it in my opinion!
What about logitech k120
Yeet
Logitech G213 Prodigy here, over a year now, and I love it. IDGAF if people think mechanical is better, I prefer my G213!
Nice, not even all of them are under 50$ as in the title. good job
I was about to get the Corsair on amazon. But then I realized all its functions are useless and got a 20 dollar keyboard instead.
The razer huntsman and razer strafe seriously deserve the top 3 spots with the k70 mk.2 althought the prices are something you can't avoid too much, the build quality and the way it was made is by far better than Logitechs Keyboards
Mm.. Motospeed k70 is cheap and not bad.. I recomend.. Xddd
Where th is g213 prodigy
I'm using the razer black widow tournament edition. Non RGB but a super solid ten keyless board
Romer G switches seem to be quite weak in my experiences
i would not recoment the k55. Its keys scratch easily and its rgb is really dull. You wish you got a solid mechanical keyboard without rgb as rgb is not worth its cost if its boring and dull
Bruh it’s not a gaming keyboard if it’s not mechanical, there’s no point in buying a membrane keyboard claiming to be for gaming when u can just buy a normal membrane keyboard for $20 cheaper, we want to see cheap mechanical keyboards, not membranes
Where is Razer BlackWidow Chroma V2 switches green yellow orange ?
Razer optical keyboard? No mention of Bloody?
Under $50: unless you really like membrane, just order a Tecware Phantom or a Redragon mechanical keyboard.
corsair head set GG
totally recommend the razer blackwidow v2
lol i hated that rosewill. The switches are just membrane and that is just a disappointment
I'm actually using the k55 and I love it
Do you guys actually purchase every single keyboard and test them out, or do you research online? Honest caution from pure curiosity
It feels like you didnt spend any time with those keyboards. Just a video for monetization...
Steelseries are gold now. M800 would’ve been the best keyboard I’ve ever used if it was metal like this one.
I had the K70 and decided to go back to Logitech and got the G910. I like the extra buttons and the software more than Corsair's.
the first place shld be k95
Rakk Kimat XT.2 all the way
Personally I still use a corsair K95 vengeance, this is mainly for the 18 macros it has. I use a shitload of macros in games to do shit for me. Like buy binds for cs:go, much used functions in blender, or even just on the desktop. Overall I think it's a pretty solid keyboard.
Are the wrist rests detachable
Buy the Hyper X Alloy FPS! 80 bucks mechanical 10 Keyless with the choice of Blue, Red, and Brown cherry mx switches. <3
Just buy Tecware Phantom
1:00 what is this 1990 that keyboard looks like crap lol u can get better rgb ones for cheaper
Guys tecware phantom is a really good keyboard usinh it right now
Razer deathsalker is cheap. goes to the link sees 72 bucks. Welll then
I have an AcGam AG-109R , it's mechanical, it has rgb and it costs around 50 dollars on AliExpress, I also recommend Motospeed or Redragon keyboards instead of any keyboard on this list.
You forgot all the Ducky keyboards
why would a rainbow keyboard would sell under $50 Powerfull Keyboards its under $1000 duh
Hi to ask you if you know a keyboard to be middle profiles keys to be with RGB lights and to have USB port? If you know please help my to find one.
U should check the red dragon keyboards dude
Personally, I'm using a Corsair k70 Rapidfire RGB I got it for dirt cheap too since the box was damaged, and my friend who I was with at the time had an employee discount from where we got it from. Instead of paying the usual £165, I only paid £41.25 Aside from that? It's a really nice build. I love this keyboard, it's served me well for the last year
I love the Logitech g910 Orion spark (correct me if i misspelled orion)
I just need a keyboard where the keys are really hard to break.
I use a Logitech G213 which is around £50. It has RGB backlighting with the most customisation I've seen for its price. You can also download game profiles to make the keyboard react to discord, fortnite, overwatch etc. The only downside is that it comes with a wrist rest which you can't detach, and the backlighting can be hard to see if you have your curtains open.
Corsair k65
a custom 60% with lubed and filmed 65gram zealios in a custom cut brass backplate a dz60 pcb in a acrylic 5degree case with a set of enjoypbt black on white keycaps
When your keyboard is smaller then all these shown and is almost more then twice the price of the most expensive one
I'm trying to make a new Razer setup
Razer blackwidow chroma v2
What about the $51-99 range
THE DEATHSTALKER, THE FUCKING DEATHSTALKER. BRO THE ORNATA CHROMA IS A HUNDRED TIMES BETTER
Every macro-programmable gaming keyboard I've ever owned has on rare occasions caused my computer to go absolutely schizo, e.g. the keyboard I'm using at the moment, my Corsair K70 RGB, has on at least four occasions caused Windows 10 to lock itself into in Alt+Tab mode so that all open program windows cycle on screen indefinitely at dizzying speed. Unplugging the USB has no effect, nor pressing Esc repeatedly, nor Alt+Shift+Delete, nor Alt+Tab - no amount of keystroke combinations to try and get the damned computer out of this Alt+Tab loop work. The only thing I can do when this happens is a hard reboot, which is really great when I've got an urgent typing job on, which is inevitably when it happens! I've had similar problems with my Razer keyboard.
CLACKITY CLACKITY
I'm currently on a k68 board and I'm loving it. I spend a lot of time working on my computer, and my thought was if i'm gonna spend 100$ on a keyboard I want it to at least withstand a possible accident. Thank you Corsair!
I have the k55 rib keyboard by Corsair
If i spend over a 100.00 on a fricken keyboard it better cook me dinner wipe my chin and go to bed with me....
K552 a great TKL KB If you want a full get the K551 They're built like a tank all metal built double shot injection keycaps outemu blue switches and water resistant
I'm using a Razer Blackwidow Chroma Overwatch Edition and I'm very happy with it. Works like brand new, even after a year.
Where is k95? Where is Blackwidow v2? These are A lot times better than No5 and No4
DUE NUMBER 1 IS 169 DOLARS
There are mechanical keyboard below 50$...Mechanical keyboards are just so much better than their membrane counterpart!
where is the black web Mechanical gaming keyboard 50$ and blue switches and rgb with modes
Do you guys know that there are other brands out there? I would rather have a redragon 30$ Mechanical Keyboard than a Corsair/Razer Membrane keyboard with tacky RBG lights.....
I'm actually in the market for mouse and keyboards
Razor huntsman elite vs Logitech G810?? Which one should I pick?
Where is the Corsair K95 Platinum?
Corsair k95 platinum bro
if you want a wireless gaming keyboard, i highly recommend the Corsair K63 its an amazing keyboard
I recommend the asus Cerberus
I love logitech quality i have a g513 with romer g tactile really responsive for gaming i recommend it :D
Ajazz ak33 was like $45 for me and it’s a mechanical RGB kb..
Let’s be real. Who tf would buy membrane keyboards for 50 bucks??
All the Razer Deathstalker images are photoshopped. It does NOT have an angled wrist rest, the complete keyboard is one single straigth piece. I know, because I'm typing on one right now :P
Im using the Corsair Strafe keyboard with MX Silent keys
What about hp Oman mechanical keyboard
No asus love sad
I have a membrane keyboard extra 20 fps on any game ;)
what about keyboards that are between $50 and $100? ;(
Dont buy the cprsair k55 rgb, its a peice of junk, the key caps can and will get jammed down and you cant pull them up. All in all its a peice of junk
I like the RedDragon kumara k552.
K70 mk2 or k95 rgb platinum (Both MX Browns)? Can't decide :(
suggest me a low budget entry level keyboard
Upgraded my BlackWidow Ultimate to a K95 Platinum and right out of the box 3 lights on the bar at the top were dead, returned it and got a Huntsman Elite
The hyper x alloy elite is 110
Haven’t watched the whole video yet, but I’d like to say a very good keyboard is the Bloody B930. It’s ten keyless and has faster actuations than mechanical keyboards (lightstrike). You can find it on Amazon for $139. It also comes with preset rgb lighting options, and switchable key caps
11 days later and the Razer Deathstalker is already $80.00.
The Corsair k70 is 170 dollars. NOICE!!
Currently using k70 mk2. Well worth it.
I found a rayzer chroma v2 for only $100 refurbished. Works well
red dragon's keyboard is great too
Does anybody know any blue loud mechanical keyboards under 60$?
A4-Tech Bloody Mech Keyboard were earlier for having laser or optical keys.
Im using a Logitech g413 silver
I’m using a coolermaster Masterkeys S with cherry brown switches. I really like this keyboard. Well built, sturdy, TKL so it’s portable, detachable cable, and individually lit RGB keys. Honestly can’t ask for much more. Also it’s around $100 Canadian dollars so it has a really good price too
Wheres the redragon?
Honestly the huntsman is underrated it should be number 1 or 2 it’s seriously the best or one of the best out there right now
Specifically for gamers: Please don't use the stand up feet in the front as it causes a lot of strain within your wrist. The flat form is the best way to use.
My friends were pissed when I bought the Corsair k70 mk2
Logitech 213
YOU arereally funny gameranx, the razer huntsman elite does cost a lot more than just 50$, it costs 199$ you stupid
If rosewill makes the k51 mechanical so many people would buy it
were is the k95 platinum
What is this bs? There are tons of better mechanical keyboards for the same price.
I’ve been using the Azio MGK1-RGB-BLU. Love it! Got got it for a steal ($86) on Amazon. Love this keyboard!
The Hyper X keyboard seems like a ripoff of the corsair k70. Hyper X has always been about that or being gimmicky. People hate on Razr but at least they try to be original. Personally I'm all Corsair, Steelseries and Logitech when it comes to peripherals. Except for audio; that's when I get products from audio experts like Senheiser, audio technica, AKG, even Sony and Bose, etc.
I've got a k63 wireless
I'd honestly recommend the Gigabyte K83, it's 40 bucks and it comes with legit Cherry Mx Switches, no backlightining but for that price you can't complain
What about the $45 steel series apex? It has RGB, low profile caps and an enlarged space bar. You should have checked it out.
whats the background music
Logitech G810 Orion Spectrum or Logitech G Pro?
I am using the razer blackwidow chroma v2 with razer green switch
No redragon kumara k552?
gaming =/= rgb
Corsair worth the money.
I have 2x of the Yama Red Dragon keyboards that i bought and use after i switched to a memmechanical for the first time. I liked the feedback from the key presses. I got one for the house at the same time as the memmechanical and after gaming on it I irdered another and took it to work ... it lives on my desk and everyone is jelly of it when they see it. I am IT and have my own office , not sure how it would fly with pounding away (im heavy handed) in an office filled with others. But for all day work tge feedback and feel are so much better than a $9 dell or hp stock keyboard that is in the box
Tecware Phantom RGB.
A razer keyboard without RGB??? Huh??
You should start promoting the under $50 mechanical keyboards instead of just all membrane/memchanical
Razor Black Widow. Everything you need and lots you don't.
#4...saves on desk space. lol. GET A BIGGER DESK.
I have Razer Cynosa Pro
4:02 is keyboards over $100
every mainstream gaming keyboard brand sucks... ducky is one of the best
my number one razer blackwidow chroma v2 with razer yellow switch
No mechanical keyboard under 50 bucks. At least throw in some cherry knock offs like redragon
Huntsman elite is the best keyboard Razer all the way!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Is the corsair k55 mechanical?
Awesome Review on Keyboard. Did you see the latest TOP 5 Best Gaming Mouse Collection of Google:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=g1sXdvdO-Ms , And i was surprised to find ASUS there. Keep up the awesome work.
Velocifire vm01 works great with something to stand it up in the back (I use a piece of aluminum U-channel and aquatic door insulation held on with command strips) and a grafiti fat wrist rest.
The razed huntsman elite is like 200
I bought the k95 rgb platinum for 130 on Amazon prime day. Probably one of the best deals I’ve gotten
No red dragon mechanicals or magicforce 68??
"It works through razer synapse if you can get that to work." Had me cracking up man could not get that workin when I bought some Razer wireless headphones, so I switched to Astro's and haven't had a problem since.
I got a james donkey 619 off of aliexpress for 40$. First mechanical and its extremely pleasant to type on. Got it with red gaterons. If anyones looking for a cheap good options look into it.
I'd recommend the NUBWO NK70. a fully customizable RGB mechanical keyboard with replaceable keycaps and switches and macro support all for 45$ (depends on where you bought it) comes with either Outemu reds or blues and spare switches i swear this is not sponsored
Just got the Corsair Strafe RGB with Cherry MX Silent keys. Best and most expensive keyboard i have ever owned. Upgraded from the K55 btw.
Thumbnail is a 280$ keyboard
Im using huntsman elite. I wanted that coz of the dial. I will be using it on AutoCAD
Cherry mx is trash
Man you’re the best ????????
what about redragon k552.. its really good keyboard. i have it for 2 years and its fucking amazing
lol
gigaware k26?
that memory foam doesn't have a lot of memory
Best gamepad & headphones under 50$
ALL IS ASKED FOR IS WHITE KEYBOARD!!!!! IS THAT TOO MUCH TO ASK?!
1. Ducky 1. Varmilo 1. Filco 1. Leopold
Do mice next.
I have a Logitech g910 ,keycaps peeling off and pressing key sometime double letters and not writing at all
We still need nintendo gaming keyboard
Tecware Phantom RGB is pretty decent too for its price
Do you have one for mice?
is there coming a video on monitors soon?
There's no point doing a top ten if u dont even have the keybaords at hand, otherwise ur just reading off the manufactuer's website.
FOR GAMING, HYPERX ALL THE WAY
steel series apex 100 nice responsive keyboard has been slammed on the floor many times and held up well only like a 30 dollar keyboard very happy with the purchase
aircraft grade aluminum so you can throw it from outer space
No redragon?
"under $50"
Where is ASUS Clymore?
i'm rocking a full corsair RGB setup, with the corsair K70 RGB MKII, m65 pro RGB mouse, MM800 RGB mouse pad, VOID pro wireless RGB headset, and a Carbide SPEC-OMEGA RGB case... ;)
Sucks G710s are gone from Logitech's official website.
do under 10 bucks im broke lmao
I'm curious how CoolerMaster's Masterkey series of keyboards didn't make this list.
im using ROG Claymore, got G910, BW TE V2, BW Ultimate, and definitly i can say im really surprised with Claymore. yea its too expensive but it worth for me
No Glorious PC Gaming Race keyboard? Costs half the price of most of these and you can get switches other than Cherry, that's a real winner!
No K95 Platinum? Literally the king of all keyboards
What about the razer chroma v2?
All I want is my computer to be backlit with gaming mode option/button (so that pesky windows key doesn't mess up my gaming). Other then that I don't really care. I like my keyboard to be simple/plain (as plain as it can be with also being backlit). Just like my mouse..Idc about a bunch of programmable buttons. All I want is the left/right click and a scroll wheel in the center (top-towards the front of the mouse)...thats it.
Who else just said “screw it” and bought all of them
Got the G613 my self since its wireless :) dont RGB and such
Ergodox derived designs (Ergodox EZ, Infinity Ergodox, Redox, Iris, etc), Vortex Gear keyboards (RAC3, P0K3R, ViBE, etc), Leopold keyboards, iKBD (especially the MF series), Ducky keyboards, and so many others that you guys did not mention ARE A LOT BETTER than these "toys".
I had a Corsair K70 MK1, not the newer MKII you have in the video. It’s almost like I’m not sure if the following was something that was not a problem in the beginning, but started happening after the passage of time... but I ended up hating that keyboard because there were a number of keys that would take my keystroke as a double keystroke. In other words, the letter would come out twice even though I only typed it once. At the end it was happening so much, I was starting to loose my cool. Just try typing in passwords with that issue/problem, and not get ticked off, I dare ya. Lol I went out and got a Razer Huntsman Elite, and now I’m lovin’ life! The feel of typing is excellent and the sound is perfect, for me. With my old Corsair K70 there would be times that I would wonder... is it me, is there something that I’m doing wrong? Well, with the new Razer Huntsman Elite, no more unwanted double keystrokes! It wasn’t me, I was not doing anything wrong. I am so glad to be rid of that old K70 MK1 double keystroke piece of junk.
The azio levatrons keys are pretty shit. Very stiff and not fun while gaming
The Razor Black Widow TE Chroma V2 w/ Green Switches is 2nd to none IMO. At $140.00 it's not exactly cheap but it's less expensive than some presented in this Video. Also, for "bargain" keyboards why not Red Dragon? Talk about bang for the buck yet they somehow don't make the list...
Pls do one with headsets
The most important feature in a gaming keyboard is that it glows. Mine makes me feel like I'm driving a spaceship lol
10less mechanical or gtfo
Razer ornata
I really want a Razer Huntsman but I don't know whether to get the Elite or the normal one, I only care about the wrist rest and for an extra $70aud I don't think it's worth it, I might be able to live without it
I like the higher end keyboards but it doesn't make sense to buy them until they are on sale most of them are just overpriced and go on sale very often.
Will we get a vid for headsets
Corsair K63 Wireless, combined with Corsair Dark Core wireless mouse. FTW. I have the Keyboard modded for wireless QI charging and have integrated a QI charger in my desk underneath the full size mouse mat. 100% wireless desktop!
Can you guys do one on mouses? I do have one for a while now but still.
I really hate tiny keys
I don’t even play play on pc what am I doing here?
just buy a mechanical keyboard from aliexpress under 50 usd
razer black widow ultimate stealth 2016 edition
G213
Bought saitek cyborg v5 in 2011 and to this day it hasn't broken down a bit. It has red backlighting as well
I use a razor Ortega chroma
A few days before watching this i bought the blackwidow v2
Ha! Already had number one! XD yay!
what about the k95 rgb platinum man its the best from the corsair line up
I have that Azio keyboard.... It's a pretty decent keyboard that is indeed quite cheap.... I do recommend it for cheaper builds....
I know a brand that isn't anywhere near as expensive called Redragon. They make all kinds of keyboard/PC Accessories. I LOVE this brand! I have an Okay headset (its pretty cheap but it gets the job done for on the go gaming) by them. I also have three mice (one for Xbox one. for my pc. and one just for on the go use that is wireless) and i love them all. I also have a 2 keyboards by them. One is a flatter one with color change in LEDs and the other is the mechanical type without the Num. pad It is LED lit but its only colored in red. Go check them out. they aren't very expensive and their product is well made!
This is a super good mouse and keyboard combo. It's called HAVIT Rainbow Backlit Wired Gaming Keyboard and Mouse Combo and it's for less than $30 USD. Good reaction time keyboard feel. It's RGB and mechanical. The mouse also has led lights in it and changes colour every couple of seconds or so, also and two side buttons. It is a extremely good keyboard and mouse combo that I do recommend buying.
K95 Platinum master race!! Got it for 120 usd 1 year ago. Got lucky, but it usually goes for 149.99-169.99 i hardly ever see it go for 200 anymore.
A4 tech bloody already did the laser keys years ago. They call them lightstrike
wish there was a uk version of this
The deathstalker is hands down the worst keyboard I've used imo, I prefer using a cheap Logitech k120... Nothing against razer, currently using a blackwidow 2013 and it has never failed me.
It's my Friday, can I have my slice of Pizza early?
You should probably mention which one is mechanical and which one isn't considering that is a pretty big factor when deciding on gaming keyboards.
If you want a chunky boy look at the Turtle Beach Impact 100. £13 And it's the sturdiest and heaviest keyboard I've ever owned. It's made to last, pretty responsive, and great quality. It does not disappoint.
On the Corsair K50 and have been for pretty much 2 years. Good keyboard especially for the price.
Hey I recently bought this mechanical keyboard, mouse, headset, and mousepad combo for 50 usd from redragon and it’s awesome, I thought I would add it to the comments because it wasn’t added in the vid. Also the keyboard itself is only $30 and it has blue switches but I think they’re clones although they do feel really nice and they’re very clicky
Anybody want a keyboard
All these are samples are straight rectangles. I've been waiting for a wave styled ergo lit up keyboard, like the one Microsoft makes, love it but it's only missing the lights.
I still rock Logitech G15, yeah one I got a decade ago. And it still fully works. Though I am kind of thinking to retire it due to age, even though I can't complain. Though I definitely am not spending over 100EUR on it and I am looking into mechanical keyboard, but for like 50-100EUR category. Just not loud one. Because I really don't want to wake up all neighbors at 3am, if for some reason key hitting starts to intensify. :-D And I like them to not be loud either.
Where's Redragon?
i just got the corsair k70 mk2 in blues for college probably the most comfortable keyboard i have owned i 100% reccomend it
Thanks for the tip on the Corsair K55! Wanted an affordable upgrade for my stock lenova keyboard. Any tips on a mousepad, or is that even a thing to look around for?
It's also good to note that if you want longevity out of your keys go for double shot or dual injected key caps. That way years down the line you won't wear down the paint and have a huge transparent blob on your keys.
I really wish every tech channel would cover something besides corsair and the other overhyped boards. They are nice, but I really want to see some mainstream attention on the real enthusiast boards. Like the TADA68, KBD75, TINA, etc. Please, look at some sites like kbdfans or reddit /r/mechanicalkeyboards.
I have a strafe rgb and it’s amazing, the rgb is really really good and the mechanical keys are perfect for a gaming board.
I use a redragon vara rgb and i got it at half price for 55 bucks and it normally (at least in my country) used to be 100 dollars(and a bit) and it’s a really great mechanical keyboard and i haven’t had any problems with it.
I use the Logitech G810.
Asus ROG Claymore, 1 of the best mechanical keyboards I have ever used, A joy to use.
The M750 looks sooooooo good. Just wish my wallet looked just as good....
everybody’s dropping pc tips at the perfect time when i’m building a pc
Can you please do best headsets <3
Using a redragon yama keyboard
What about ajazz ak33. It's 40$, mechanical, rgb, tenkeyless. Also has macro software
That over a hundred dollars keyboards are not really worth it. All they advertise is the fact that keyboard with RGB is "premium". I tried most of the keyboards in the over a hundred lineup and they feel "cheap" in quality. They dont even put PBT keycaps just to show the RGB goodness of their keyboards. I would much prefer to use ikbc mf87 than those. You'll get the best in terms of price and quality.
Redragon Indrah RGB here. Not bad for under under $50, considering it's my first mechanical keyboard since the '80s...
Why no 60% fully programmable keyboards like the vortex pok3r? Apparently gamers need to do some very important accounting with numpad and sacrifice mouse space on the desk.. I don't use my poker for gaming though because I got the cherry mx blue switches on it. I have a Razer orbweaver for gaming, it allows my thumb to do way more than space bar, save even more desk space for the mouse, and super comfortable in the hand. This video is just bs. Stick to those before you buy this game videos, and some gaming news. Don't recommend people what to buy if you know nothing about premium keyboards, and apparently not even budget keyboards didn't even recommend red dragon
I own the K55, couple things I don't really like are the wrist rest; it's not the most comfortable rest and the top part of the keyboard attracts dust like nothing else. Other than that, it's a great keyboard
bruh. have you even checked out /r/MechanicalKeyboards?
I am using G105 atm. It's simple and good.
Can you do a video on good mice under $50?
srsly u make the video 10 hours after i buy mine .. and its not even in the list :(
i need a keyboard to my laptop because the disk is placed where my hand is while im playing, thanks guys for this list
F*ck me, i wanted to buy a mechanical keyboard for 50€ to 100€, Im used to this kinda of luck i guess...
I'm sorry but I don't think you got the Rosewell keyboard because i have one and its not good at all you got key wobble the software sucks for it and the key replacements are shit too they ones that came with mine i had to take a file to so it would even fit. The one I found that's cheap and works great is the 60% Razer RGB 2016 tournament edition you can find it one sell for 50 to 80 bucks. The software is great you can change any key into a macro key.
Love my BlackWidow Chroma V2 with orange switches. One of the best purchases I’ve ever made. No issues so far.
How about MOTOSPEED CK104 RGB mechanical keyboard under 50$
Great video. Does any manufacturer make specific keyboards and mice (and game controllers) for us all too often forgotten left-handers?
A video bout gaming monitors would be interesting imo
logitech k120 FTW! :D
None of the under-50’s were mechanical
Logitech g810
These are some good keyboards
If you want a budget mechanical keyboard that has Cherry Mx Reds, get the Gigabyte Force K83 for 40$
Why the K70 and not the K95?
Rocking the Corsair Strafe/silent switches for the last few years.....time for something new.
this is why I play on console
What about GPro
Corsair logo reminds me of the pirate bay logo
i use 10$ keyboard, but i wating till Bloody will be avaliable on EU market (that keyboard with numerpad on the left side of keyboard! )
I have the HyperX alloy Elite and its a god keyboard. I have cherry MX red and the thick key caps feel amazing. Definitely would recommend it.
The video was good, I would like each keyboard to be mentioned if mechanical or not, I'm looking to upgrade from my old Logitech G15 (maybe do a mechanical non RGB for under £100 vrs mechanical RGB under £100)
I recently got the corsair k70 original after my keyboard that came with my computer started to wear out and buttons stopped working. Honestly a great keyboard which I got for less then $100 because of the M2 coming out. Loving it because it feels to complete my setup
Corsair k70 mk2 SILVER AND WHITE ofc, so smooth and crispyyyyy
The best keyboard under $50 has to be the Redragon K552 RGB, it has blue switches though they aren't Cherry, good RGB lighting, and great performance!
#10 Logitech G100s combo $56.26 #9 Rosewill RGB $34.99 #8 Corsair K55 RGB $48.25 #7 Razer Deathstalker Essential $26.58 #6 Azio Levetron L70 (Couldn´t find it at Amazon, so it took the price from Walmart) $25.50 #5 HyperX Alloy Elite $109.99 #4 SteelSeries Apex M750 TKL $119.99 #3 Razer Huntsman Elite $199.99 (At Razer Shop) #2 Logitech G513 $ 149.99 (At Logitech Store) #1 Corsair K70 Mk.2 $139.99
Membrane is an auto no for me when it comes to keyboards.
Went from Razer Greens to Topre in a Leopold FC980. Loving it.
picked up a corsair strafe RGB silent mech for £20 of a guy that spilt coke all over it, a treatment of isoprophyl later and its good as new... total bargain.
TVS gold 30$ comes with cherry MX blue i must tell it's a good keyboard
hyper x huntsman and k95 platinum are still the best, id say best is huntsman elite and the k95 still holds up second and beats k70 mk 2 than hyper x is the third best surprisingly.
NATEC Genesis THOR 300 TKL under 50$$ and very nice
I hate rgb
Razer huntsman elite should be 1st
keyboard really was the least noticeable upgrade for me. Even the mousepad was a bigger one lol
I upgraded to a Razer Ornata from a Razer Deathstalker just last week. I recommend both! Further explanation down below. The Deathstalker lasted me two years, and even when I bought it, it was used by one of my friends! The only reason I ended up having to retire it last week was because, after so much use and travel, the membrane on the W key got a minor crack in it that resulted in a sticky W key, and two or three keys had trouble functioning. But, once again, that was after two years of my own use, and a few more from a friend of mine. I would highly recommend it! Great, sturdy, reliable, cheap keyboard! As for the Razer Ornata, it's fucking phenomenal. It has an EXTREMELY comfortable cushioned wrist rest that is attached via a magnet, provides mechanical-style feedback to your fingers while still keeping the noise levels down, has a low key profile that's easy to adapt to if you're coming from a completely flat keyboard like the Deathstalker, and perhaps best of all, it has RGB! (which can be set to a solid color, dimmed, or completely turned off if you aren't into that!) Fantastic keyboard, especially considering the price of just under a hundred bucks. My RGB setup for the Ornata is a standard "Fire" effect that makes the keys look like rocks floating in a pool of lava. However, I also added a custom Reactivity effect on top of that, which makes my keys glow white when I press on them. It looks like you're pressing those little rocks further into the pool of lava and making them turn white hot. Extremely cool aesthetic. Razer never ceases to amaze with their RGB.
Still in love with Razer Blackwidow X Chroma
really, no G613?
red dragon kamara great choice with diffrent rgb or red variants for only around 30 dollars
a keyboard is not that important I think there is not a big difference between keyboards , a good mouse is far more important
pretty good list I'm happy! Out of my keyboards I look for a couple things. I'm currently using the Logitech G910 which I get a lot of people were not a fan of. I love it to death and hearing some of the things that Logitech said about this board coming up to its release felt like they made it just for me. for example they tried a kinda different thing with their key caps and the response was mostly "oh that's cool but you went to far cool guys". so they changed up the keys a bit to fit that response before release. for me personally I found that I love the key caps but almost wish they went further so it feels like their original plan was to make it for me (most high end logitech gaming products feel like they were made specifically for my preferences from keyboards to mice and headphones). Anyway I love this keyboard and I really like logitech's own mechanical switches however I wish they had a clicky version of their switch but since they don't I do prefer Cherry MX blues for when I do a lot of typing.
I absolutely LOVE how none of the cheaper mechanical keyboards aren't on this list. It truly shows that those AREN'T good gaming keyboards and they aren't ACTUALLY better than these keyboards... Come on gameranx, do your research and recommend MECHANICAL keyboards for this price point. There are a lot out there so there's no reason to recommend shitty membrane keyboards at 50$
Gaming mouse video today????
Overpriced, not worth buying crap...
A week late for me gameranx
GAMDIAS P1 HERMES is godlike if ur poor like me :D
Why does every pc needs ugly and flashy colors everywere ?
I am using the Asus cerberus keyboard
"thats programmable with razer synapse if you get that to work" - very relatable
If only you did links for UK subs!
All of these “budget” keyboards are because they are cheap, but because they are too expensive for what they are (except for maybe the Logitech mouse and keyboard combo), and all those over $100 keyboards are WAY over $100. There’s LOTS of keyboards that are a WAY better value than the ones you chose.
Love my black widow chroma v2, it comes with a awesome memory foam, magnetic wrist wrest
Nice video, but what about the Corsair K95 platinum?
The HyperX Alloy Elite is an extremely good keyboard. I bought it for around $55 and I have been having it for 2 years. So good!
I see several comments talking about several keyboards that they thought deserved to be on this list but the video was not meant to find the cheapest quality keyboards but highlighting a price range of around $50 to +$100
My main keyboard now is Sades Lucent, it's priced around $40, TKL, and have Kailh Blue switches, it's pretty good. If you need the full layout, go for Sades Excalibur
Make a video for headsets
Couldn't live without my Corsair K70 RGB Rapidfire. Cherry MX speed caps are the ducks nuts.
Dope keyboards but check out the roccat brand
Who y’all steal content from this time? ??
can you do mouse too?
Ffs just tell me what switches the boards have.
reddragon kumara is the best mecha gaming keyboard under $50. go with mecha if you're a gamer even if you're on a budget
Where is MS Thunder pro????
I like a chunky keyboard.
I have a Ducky One which replaced a Ducky Shine 2. Although the keyswitches (cherryMX red) were fine, the LEDs started dying and I need backlighting.
I have a Yamaha P45.
I am planning on buying a gaming keyboard sometime soon because I am kinda getting into some gaming with my PC, and I have to use a controller because my Logitech MK270 does not work well for gaming. Oh well! I like that keyboard though. I am planning on getting a Razor keyboard with RGB.
I got a Corsair K70 lux as I don't care much for rgb.
Right on time, was looking for some gaming mouse and keyboard. Ty so much.
I'm using the HyperX Alloy Elite FPS (Cherry MX Red). I really recommend this keyboard, it is well built and all around amazing quality, i got it for around 80$, so it's also not expensive.
no thanks im good nothing can beat my logitech K120 :)
Man i still love my Steelseries Apex 100, i think i'll pass
get ck101 for 40quid its small,rgb and blue or red switches
Does someone have a recomendation for a quiet gaming keyboard? UwU
Bought the Razer Ornata Chroma two days ago after my Logitech G413 broke. I love it so far, the mecha-membrane switches feel better than the Romer-G switches on logitech mechanical keyboards in my opinion, the chroma effects are pretty dope and it comes with a nice wrist rest
I like my Roccat Ryos MK, best kb I ever used.
And no mention of Red Dragon Mechanical (amazon) keyboard!?
I am using Logitech G710 that I got in a bundle with Logitech mouse, mouse mat and cup for £100!
Could you make a Top10 mechanical or stealth keyboards under 50$? I kinda want to change mine.
did they actually test these boards
Kumara redragon for like 35 bucks. Best board for ur bucj
I’m a razer boy and the new one looks cool (I’m using a BW chroma v2 rn)
What is the background music in the end? (Deus Ex?)
I still using my old white 18 years keyboard that I bought in year 2000. Seriously, W,A,S,D are still there and I'm still killing boses and pvp with it today. PS2 keyboard not USB.
TIP FOR KEYBOARD USERS never put your keyboard high with the little stands it is not good for your wrist use your keyboard flat that is better for your hands
this is great hey i need to know a good mouse for games that have a lot of key bindings
i still use my logitec G15 :)works like a charm
I fell in love with the Logitec keyboard
where is the razer ornata on the list
arrow keys arn't gaming keys
Why is it only logitech can make an rgb keyboard without light bleed?
blackwidow v2 FTW
Top 10.....all of that membrane though....why??? *Shivers*
the thing is if you go just a little bit over 50€ / $ you get noname Mechanical Keyboards with Cherry MX Switches at 70€ they even have a numbpad. Yes they a Noname but they have the same switches so it barley makes a Diffrence.
G413 for typing and K70 for gaming, so far so good
1:50 I use the Corsair K55 and after all my slams I can safety say its pretty durable all I've lost is some keys that are irrelevant and the LEDS But yeah its a strong motherfucker
Just want to point out one thing with regards to two different manufacturers. Corsair requires you to ship any fault back to their factory (or vendor if you're lucky enough to have somewhere close that will accept corsair RMA's) This could run you far more than the cost of the part you are replacing. Logitech's customer support is atrocious. I am currently at 2 weeks after my RMA was approved on a logitech G903. It took an entire month to get to that stage, There is no end in sight for this, as even their customer support is admitting that their RMA process is broken at the moment (I'm Australian, so again, like corsair, your mileage may vary) Logitech build quality? well you get what you pay for, at the low end. At the high end however, the build quality does not seem to approve above the $30 offerings, they still feel cheap, made of poor plastic components that feel like they'll break if they get hit with harsh language.
I'm using Razer Black Widow X Chroma, and I really like it
I have a corsair k65 lux rgb with cherry mx red switches.
I thought this was a bullet Barry video
Can I expect a similar list for mouses? (Mice?)
@Rakk Keyboards
Idk why but i havent seen anyone talk bout this keyboard, its by rottay, a lowkey brand but their keyboard RGB Mechanical Keyboard, Rottay RGB... https://www.amazon.com/dp/B0753ZMXXW?ref=yo_pop_ma_swf is prob my favorite, and the best thing it comes under 50$ i have used 100$+ keyboards (blue switches) but this one feels better, like i dont get how this isnt more money, build quality is great, all its keys are programmable, and has so many different rgb modes, i have no idea why u wouldnt get this unless you dont like cherry mx blues
Azio is only for amazon prime users
I use logitech G103, i personally recommend it as it is cheap and has quick access keys on the left too.
above all can you pour a cup of water on keyboard or submerge it into water and still working fine? if not then its useless. i know a keyboard that can and its dirt cheap
razer product breaks within months...
I have and highly reccomend the logitech g6710+ blue mechanical gaming keyboard
I won a K95 Corsair platinum in a giveaway somehow. : )
Literally don't buy a gaming keyboard that isn't mechanical. Seriously, (Unless you're a bit adventorous).
Razer a name brand ? :D I had 2 products that failed me, my friends also had 2-3 failed products from Razer. So Razer will never see my money again.
Next time could you please mention which key switches they have?
I love my razer blackwidow X Chroma. Bought it around last Xmas.
What's Doorable? Don't you mean Durable?
Come on where 95k corsair ???
RIP keyboards from 50.01$ to 99.99$.
Do these work on ps4 pro or no (the one that come with mouse)
can any 1 recommend some gaming mice
Next time u make these videos please translate the currency because NOT EVERYONE LIVES IN AMERICA
You should check out the Glorious PC Race GYMMK (Gimmick) Keyboards. Solderless Switch replacement compatible with all Cherry MX compatible 3 pin switches like Cherry, Gateron, etc. .
Got a red dragon indrah white. Chunky boys make a noise?? My bro sold it to me for $11,30
I have a $10 logitech keyboard called the k120 that i’ve been using for 2 years. Works perfectly fine but maybe if i got a nicer keyboard i’d notice how bad it is.
The sixth one is also over 100$
Is it really worth paying $200 for a keyboard?
I have a Genius scorpion k5 for 15 bucks used
I have the #1 on the list.
The alienware keyboard is cool too
no topre.... psh
Gameranx is awesome
I just got a second hand razer black widow chroma, and i absolutely love it
Just wondering, I have a turtle beach 50X headset. Does that have a decent mic for streaming.
you try any of the patriot viper series? I've had 2 of their mechanical keyboards and loved them
Lol this sucks, I bought a Razer Blackwidow Chroma V2 in June, and by the time it arrived the Huntsman was released :/
WHERES REDRAGON MECH KEYBAORDS U SPONSORED SHITS!
Im surprised i didnt see drevo
Disappointed there wasn't an Anne Pro or any Pok3r MKBs. I switched from a corsair to a Pok3r and it's been the best decision of my life.
Deathstalker is getting shit, at least mine. Buttons start to feel like i need to push them hard like rocks, sometimes you need to push them to the very end for them to register (Shift key mostly) and stuff like bread particles easily get catched everywhere
How did you forget the Corsair RGB strafe?
wireless mechanical all the way for me
I have a Logitech G610 with CherryMX Red switches. If you don't need RGB and you're okay with the offset light on each key it's a pretty okay Keyboard. http://a.co/2Sg9z07
That red spot on the intro hand might need to get that checked!
k55 is great ?? love the macro keys.
Cougar is never on this list, they are diamonds in the rough, except the Cougar 700k, that one is just disappointing. I was expected to see the Cougar Ultimus, but this being Gameranx you'll never see any keyboards that are not the typical brands
Just got My PC and Im using a Razer RGB keyboard! :)
I stand by my redragon k555 indrah. It has multimedia keys, 5 recordable g keys, full rgb lighting, a metal frame, and most importantly blue mechanical switches. Redragon may not be the flashiest brand, but not a single one of your budget boards had all of those features for around $50.
I got a Cooler Master Gaming Devastator 3 keyboard and mouse combo
I feel sorry for anyone who uses a membrane keyboard to game. I bought my mechanical keyboard at 44.99 on amazon, have had for over a year and it's still amazing.
Vortex for life
Trust GXT 280 , multimedia keys , programmable keys , illuminated (3 colors) years old now still works perfectly , aaand its only 35 dollars.
What about the roccat vulcan?
Any Wireless/wired combo gaming keyboard recommendation ?
Where is logi g413 thats a great kb under 100 usd
The Razer Huntsman absolutely missed the point of having optical switches, if it was $100 cheaper it would have made sense. For a keyboard that costs $200 with laser tech they could have implemented an analog button function just like the Wooting One. Not to mention that it has to use 2 USB ports in order to get the full potential. What a waste.
I have a razor deathstalker But it’s backlit green
Logitech G Pro tkl
Logitech g810 is the best keyboard for me ??
I'm currently using the Logitech G213 but I'm thinking about switching to the Logitech G Pro because I want a TKL keyboard. Any other TKL's y'all (anyone) would recommend?
I’m using a $40 blackweb rgb keyboard
Hyper x is 100 not 50
Here you go. https://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B01BMJ0Y4O/ref=ox_sc_sfl_title_3?ie=UTF8&psc=1&smid=ATVPDKIKX0DER
"under $50"
If i can pick up the k95 rgb platinum for just 10 bucks more than the k70 mk2 should i doit?
K70 Lux RGB ??
logitech has started to get really shit. i got a proteus g502 gaming mouse. it's worse than an imitation for 25 bucks. it's a startup called klim and all their products have been absolutely amazing for the price.
Brand names doesnt make it a good keyboard...
Im using a Viper V760 I just picked up with Kailh Brown switches and I love it. Only $69.99.
I have personally used the Razer Deathstalker since it has come out. I don't have to worry much about stuff getting inside of my keyboard, and it's a pretty solid build. There has been many accidents involving beverages through this thing and it still survives. I've used this keyboard so much that my "wasd" area is starting to fade. It's definitely a nice transitional keyboard if you are going from a laptop to a desktop as well.
i recommend checking out gamdias hermes ultimate keyboard and hermes essential keyboard both keyboards have mechanical switches and are really good for left handed gamers and have 3 extra macro buttons below the spacebar and also 3 extra macro buttons below right control key for the left handed gamers using arrow keys these buttons are easy access for the thumb for right handed and left handed gamers the pricing of both keyboards is $100 and $110 but i got my hermes essential keyboard for $60 during a sale on gamdias website anyhow anyone in the market looking for a gaming keyboard i believe these 2 are at least worth a look especially for the left handed gamer ??
Could you guys do a video for best keyboard and mouse combo for ps4?! I haven't played PC since my younger years, but I always loved the combo for any kind of shooting game.
But, what about the software? Honestly, I have never used the 18 extra G-keys on my old Corsair K95 keyboard because Corsair's software is just absolute garbage. I tried the K55 recently as just a cheap board for the little guy to play with, and the software game remains equally as pathetic. Roccat's Swarm software for their mice and keyboards is also pretty damn horrid. When you purchase a $100+ USD keyboard or mouse, you might expect that the software would actually work, right? I don't know how many times I've re-downloaded that stupid .exe file and re-installed that software. You mention Razer's Synapse briefly in the video. Honestly, I haven't had any major issues with it in roughly 5 years of gaming with my Razer Orbweaver. It seems to do pretty well for the most part, although there are some things I would change or add. It could also be that I'm not running the most recent version with their modern hardware. Not sure what the issue is there. I've also never had any major issues with Logitech's software. Admittedly, I haven't owned a Logitech keyboard in over a decade, so I can't speak to those devices. But I have owned MANY of their mice over the years and have always appreciated that Logitech's software is not only intuitive but actually works! Now, if only they made a mouse that fit all my needs. Logitech just needs to buy out Roccat and steal their Nyth design, throw in an awesome optical sensor instead of that garbage laser one, make it wireless without it being a brick, and slap that software on top of it. They also need to bring back a more ergonomic (adjustable to hand size) and modernized G13 with mechanical switches. Build a Logitech Nyth MMO gaming mouse and a modern G13 gaming keypad, and I will throw my wallet at you. Side note: Yes, I have tried the G600 MMO mouse, and although I loved the idea of the 3rd mouse click as a "G-shift" modifier key, the mouse itself was just so uncomfortable to use for me. I have medium to small hands, and although the G600 is not a large mouse (it's actually quite small), it is wide and heavy enough to cause problems. Lifting the mouse requires pinching with your weakest finger in combination with a thumb that has no place to rest. This constantly resulted with many annoying accidental presses on the side buttons. It was enough of a struggle that it interrupted my workflow, so I had to find an alternative. I'm currently using the Roccat Nyth, which works okay, I guess, at least when the Swarm software actually works.
Please do mice next!
I have the Mk1 K70 that I bought a couple years ago and I will never go back to anything else, this is the best damn keyboard I've ever used. And it's so easily to clean which is a huge plus for heavy gaming. Once it finally kicks the bucket in several years I'll be getting whatever the newest model K70 is cause it's just amazing.
Razor huntsman elite is the best
K63 wireless keyboard paired with the lap board and darkcore mouse for some couch gaming
Cooler master devestator
I am using a Tesoro Durandal, it has Cherry Mx reds. it's the basic version without leds or wrist rest.
I use the logatrc g910
I want the cooler master ck620
the g910 is good
I run a Corsair K55 at work and I love it. Honestly thinking about moving to the K70 for personal use.
I have tje k70 rapidfire
Was just looking for a new one. This vid is right on time
Can someone buy me a headset my old one broke the day after I booted up my pc for the first time
Logitech G513 owners anyone?
RGB ROG Horus
Personally I only use Logitech so I use a Logitech G-Pro keyboard which is TKL and it's a sturdy board that had last me a while
Getting the redragon yama next week, extremely good value, check it out
Not exactly new, but I love my K95 RGB Platinum.
There are so much better MECHANICAL keyboards for under 50 than the crap being peddled here
A nice option if you are looking for a nice cheap keyboard is the ACGAM AG-109R, nice construction with metal, mechanical, full RGB, just 50$
why did you guys have to post this video the day i get my first keyboard in the mail..... lol the k68 i got is still awesome so far
the k55 is great. although it's not mechanical, it gets the job done and if you dont have money for a streak deck, the macro keys are a god sent
I'm currently using a Redragon K556 mechanical keyboard. I got it for ~$60. Not the fanciest mechanical keyboard out there, but pretty good for the price being an actual mechanical keyboard and having per-key RGB lighting under $100
Do NOT buy the deathstalker! It's such a crappy keyboard. I had one and my spacebar started sticking down and ended up not working at the end. Not good. Logitech G710+ is what I use now, lasting more than 2 years and still going strong.
I have the Azio levetron L70 it’s pretty good the only problem is that I don’t use the volume wheel that’s all
I can vouch for the K55. I’ve been using it over a year and it is an awesome keyboard. I picked mine up for $30 from Microcenter and I absolutely love it!
Pretty convenient video considering im getting a gaming PC in a month
Prff. Don't listen to these idiots you can find good off brand Chinese mechanical keyboards for like $30.
No red dragon mechanical keyboards those are great
3rd world sucks!
this is exactly what I needed. Thank you
Could you check out wireless mech kbs as well? There's not much of them out there but they're an emerging market I think
Human eye can only see 30 fps Human eye can only see 30 fps Human eye can only see 30 fps Human eye can only see 30 fps Human eye can only see 30 fps Human eye can only see 30 fps Human eye can only see 30 fps Human eye can only see 30 fps Human eye can only see 30 fps Human eye can only see 30 fps Human eye can only see 30 fps Human eye can only see 30 fps Human eye can only see 30 fps Human eye can only see 30 fps Human eye can only see 30 fps Human eye can only see 30 fps Human eye can only see 30 fps Human eye can only see 30 fps Human eye can only see 30 fps Human eye can only see 30 fps Human eye can only see 30 fps Human eye can only see 30 fps Human eye can only see 30 fps Human eye can only see 30 fps Human eye can only see 30 fps Human eye can only see 30 fps Human eye can only see 30 fps Human eye can only see 30 fps Human eye can only see 30 fps Human eye can only see 30 fps
Is eagletec mechanical keyboard solid?
I used Razer BlackWidow Chroma then after it broke I downgraded my keyboard to AVF brand Silentdeath Gaming Freak GK3. I play a lot using my keyboard and i'm also a part time writer. So far never regret the downgrade.
That Azio keyboard actually looks pretty damn sharp.
Gamranx should do one for monitors and include the prices in the video
Minecraft-cito
I was wondering, do any of these RGB ones have programmable lighting to light up ONLY the keys that are assigned to a command/effect? I play so many different keyboard configurations in different games that I need a board that lets me peripherally see what is active and what is not. Especially when switching from one game type to another. My biggest preference is Logitech (never had a breakdown from them since 1995-ish).
Why do people prefer the number pad on gaming keyboards?
I just can't stand the basic rectangle shape. I like mine with a little bit of a curve. Just feels better and places the keys in more more comfortable position due to my extremely long fingers.
For the price, and performance, I'm very happy with my k55.
I got a Corsair Strafe red for 40 dollars refurbished from amazon. Note that it is not RGB, but for the price, it is an amazing mechanical keyboard. I suggest checking it out if you don't care about RGB or not breaking the bank. It is an amazing looking keyboard with WASD interchangable caps for better grip and a very bright backlight with effects in Corsair's iCue software. Check out this review: REVIEW: https://youtu.be/4tcdRnheaQc and the keyboard on amazon: AMAZON: https://www.amazon.com/CORSAIR-STRAFE-Mechanical-Gaming-Keyboard/dp/B079F4L27F/ref=sr_1_2?ie=UTF8&qid=1533090915&sr=8-2&keywords=corsair+strafe+red&dpID=51x0naNzILL&preST=_SX300_QL70_&dpSrc=srch NOTE: in the video it displays a price of 110 dollars, it is the same keyboard and you can get it new for 70 dollars. I highly suggest buying it refurbished though.
ads are getting dumber
I'm disappointed, you could have at least mentioned the Redragon k552. it costs $40-50 dollars and is fully RGB and has mechanical keys. even though it's a tenkeyless it's still a great option for getting a budget mechanical keyboard.
I have a K95 plat and it was hard choosing a keyboard because the market for them all genuinely all pretty good once you hit around the $150 price tag. Can’t go wrong with anything from my experience above $150. However, different keyboards for different things, keep in mind if that when buying.
Logitech has good accessories so I'm sticking with em. Gonna match my mouse
Cool keyboards!
The Hcman gaming keyboard its 29.99, Its mechanical and has RGB lighting
Honestly, I hate having lights coming from my case, my mouse, and my keyboard. I like the only thing to light up to be my monitor when I'm gaming.
I like keyboards
Razer black widow chroma v2 with green switches?
DAMN!!!! that name, "Deathstalker"
What about the Kinesis Freestyle Edge? It is the ONLY true split-ergonomic mechanical gaming keyboard on the market, nobody else makes ergonomic gaming keyboards. Nobody! It has probably the most impressive macro programmability features of any gaming keyboard period and is RGB. Kinesis isn't as well known as Razor or Logitech, they've been making keyboards for years for business and this is their first gaming keyboard and they bat a home run on their first try. More people need to be talking about this keyboard!
i needed this video
I just want to hear the sound they make when you press a key
im using the Logitech G610 White LED version, Cherry MX Red, got it at Best Buy for $100
no redragon pretty good shit i do say so myself
My personal thoughts are to never buy from razer, I recently purchased the Ornata Chroma for 100 Dollars the switches sucked they space bar was sticky Their app synapse was laggy and unreliable I could if gotten a lot better for even 50Dollars
You should’ve mentioned the Redragon kumara k552. It’s like 45$ with rgb and blue switches (not cherry) I love it
$10 Walmart keyboard and done.... Not fucking hookers yet with keyboards... so no point to spend a lot on them...
Got a blackwidow X for 7bucks, best deal ever
Clicky clacky type of sound is my jam
Can you make a top 10 keyboards for beginners will be highly appreciated
I have the azio and it’s a pretty decent keyboard and it handles well
Usisng the G.SKILL RIPJAWS KM780 RGB Cherry MX Red Very good keyboard, no problem with it. If I change, going with Corsair or gonna stick with G.Skill. Pretty impress with the quality of their keyboard. Or going with ROG. I love the Style of their ROG GK2000 Horus Mechanical Gaming Keyboard
Filco
If your product has "RGB" in the name or is at all capable of RGB lighting, It's definitely not for me. I have enough flashing lights in my life.
I never am looking for gaming accessories. . . I have no need to be here. . . but I always watch these for some reason.
10 keyless keyboards are like jeans with holes. The less you get the more it costs.
Why isn't the Redragon K552 mechanical keyboard on here for $30.00,it's the one i'm using too.
You fellas forgot one: the Corsair K95 Platinum.
gaming laptops please
ehh i got the razer keyboard blackwidow.. really good!!!
Been using the old poker 2 keyboard for some years now
Using just a simple, like $20 wired ONN Keyboard, with both my laptop, and my PS4.
Do a "Commenter Edition" follow up video. I'd love to hear what other people would recommend.
I have a Xplore Clash one i dont know if they have it in every country got mine for like 40 Euro has rgb Mechanical keys and multi media keys
Aula Reaper it's fast and collision free, besides has cool rgb lightning and is cheap you guys should defenitely check it out.
i need a low profile gaming keyboard with rgb. anu suggestion?
where is the red dragon kumara keyboard. this video is bullcrap.
Personally, I can say that the Logitech g100 mouse is very good, rosewill products... I will no longer EVER buy due to terrible quality, the Razer deathstalker essential is a solid keyboard only major drawback it doesn't have anti-ghosting like it claims (registering multiple key inputs at one time). Happy shopping!
I love razer!
I like quiet keyboards but everyone else doesn’t like why?
and I'm just sitting here using a MS Digital Media Pro keyboard from ~10 years ago...
What about that small mechanical, water resistant, keyboard? (Forgot the name of it)
Do one for Headphones
That Razer keyboard is NOT the cheapest Razer anything you can buy. This Razer mouse and keyboard pad is $20 so ha
Yes yes, very fancy. BUT....are they compatible with Windows 98?
Im loving my new G.skill km780 RGB with the cherry mx brown keys. it's my first mechanical keyboard and I have not been disappointed in the least. the software still needs a bit of work, but overall it's a great experience.
What about: Redragon K552 KUMARA $30 GK-FORCE K83 RED $40 KG010 by EagleTec $39 DREVO Calibur $62 MasterKeys Lite L $44 Any of these options are better than the first 5 mentioned in the video. Except the Drevo, which is over $50 but under $100.
EagleTec has a pretty nice mechanical keyboard it's $49.99 on amazon!
Huh, that first one is door-able?
This was cool. Do one for mice please.
logitech g910
Im still chilling with that Razor holiday bundle for 100 bucks ????
I don't know about you guys but I use a keyboard and mouse from a brand called maxtech
I'm using the red dragon karura with a matching red dragon mammoth mouse. I like my soft keys keyboards
10 best panini press under 50$
I use a razer ornata keyboard. I got it because I bought a deathadder and I wanted something to go along with it which isn’t over expensive but isn’t just regular membrane switches
I have the Corsair K70 Mk.2! Woo!
I loved this video. ESPECIALLY that you did two different price ranges. I just recently built a gaming computer. Since I've done it on a budget though, part by part over time, I had the accessories as least important. So seeing a list of varying price points is fantastic. If you could do a Monitor and a Mouse video, that would finish the set and very much appreciated.
Can you guys do like gaming headphones headphones under $150 bc im really stuck and don’t know what to buy bc I really want quality but also don’t want to pay an arm and a leg
Azio Backlit Mechanical Gaming Keyboard (MGK1) Is very good :O fore 54.99
didn't realize you guys even did PC...given your content.
I have the Blackwidow Ultimate with Razer's orange switches and I DEFINITELY recommend this to buyers who are looking for a semi-expensive gaming keyboard. But I also want to say that I am looking at the Logitech G810 Orion, and I think that should have been put on there as well
You can get Mechanical keyboard for 50 dollars.
I use a razor adder. It's simple but it works
I use the Logitecg G810. If something happens to it, I will buy a logitech G810
The Azio Levetron L70 is def not under $50 dollars.. its more like $100 dollars
Ugghhhhh i want hat razer huntsman elite so badlyyyyy
Can I get recommendations on pre built PCs I’m trying to get into pc gaming Rn looking at a iron side pc
Can you guys make a Before you buy No mans sky next
how many times did he say low key, low profile, no frills
This needs more low profile keyboards for people like me who hate mechanical keyboards...
I recommend the Logitech G413 if you like the G513 but you don't want to spend as much. It's basically the same without wristpad and RGB lighting. Also the Romer G switch are fantastic. It costed me 82 € which is basically a steal
Literally bought the K55 yesterday. Stoked I made the right choice
i like how anything that has RGB lights means it's gaming related
Been using my Corsair K70 for years, and still works perfectly. ;P
All I need for my keyboard is rgb light, number pad, and volume dial.
coolermaster? nah? k
I just want foam wrist rests that are extended closer to me from good companies. these "Good" wrist are most of the time plastic and make me wonder whos dead wrists they used to test it. Im eyeballing that Razer one, it LOOKS soft. I imagine a wrist rest to be like a pillow for the hands, not a rock. Corsair >->
Thank you guys so much! I’m looking into getting my pc setup this weekend and I’ve been researching what keyboard I would like best. Definitely putting some of these into consideration. Super helpful video??
Razer blackwidow v2
Ahem..... razer black widow chroma V2
I have been using the Corsair K65 TKL for a while, it was on sale for one day on Newegg at $60 and has Cherry Red switches. Other than that, not much else to say: good feel, media keys, its compact, and its very simple. The keys don't light up, let alone being RGB, but they are really solid. Even if I do upgrade to a better keyboard, I will keep it around for travel use to LANs or something else like that. Sadly, it's not in production anymore, any used units I see on Amazon are ridiculously expensive, so get something else, but this keyboard ROCKS.
Holy moly, I was just thinking about buying a new keyboard and you uploaded a video on it.
If your really looking for a good mechanical keyboard I would highly suggest the Tekkery RGB keyboard for only $28. It has multiple light effects and have very tactile blue switches. Best keyboard for the value.
lol, this video just made me buy a Razer Blackwidow Chroma V1, It was on deal at Amazon.
"non name brands" I have heard of ALL of the mentioned brands. Also I KNOW that ALL of the mentioned brands besides Rosewill (they are more well known for their computer cases and computer power supplies) and Kingston (they bought Hyper x like in 2016 or something I think and they are more well known for their RAM and external storage products such as memory cards and USB sticks) are VERY popular amongst the mechanical keyboard community as the 2 latter brands are newer to market as far as I know and ALL those brands products have appeared on channels like LinusTechTips and besides Rosewill and Kingston I know that the other brands have appeared on Unbox Therapy
I got a keyboard for ¢25 at a thrift store along with a HV-MS735 mouse for $1 which goes to wow you don’t need to spend a ton of money on accessories
i have the corsair k55 rbg Keyboard and i hate macro keys i had to pull off the (G5 and G6) keys
this is sketchy
Up next 10 best gaming keyboard under $1
Also recommend Vortex Pok3r Keyboards. Welcome to the Pok3r club ;). Vortex Pok3r Limited Edition RGB with Cherry MX Browns here. White/Silver one.
I need a new mouse. My g102 prodigy died in 2 months only. So disappointed. Any recommendations?
hyperx fps pro
I use the SteelSeries Apex 100. Not super expensive, I payed $30, but it is good for me. It is also blue backlit. You guys covered something similar before. Nice keyboard. You can also program the keys for your games.
I bought the Corsair K95 Platinum for a 149.99 when it was on sale at amazon, best damn keyboard I've ever owned. I tested a lot of different ones at the local Microcenter.
I'm currently using the Steel Series APEX 100. It's a 30$ Keyboard that is extremely well built. I haven't had the ink on the keys wear off on me yet, as compared to my last keyboard, the keys wore off after a solid week of use, and it was around 50$ or 60$.
Ajazz AK33 is also a great mechanical RGB keyboard under $50
I thought for sure I'd see the Realforce RGB Keyboard on the list. It's the Rolls Royce of keyboards. Sure it's not one of those fancy popular brands, but it honestly beats them all
I am using Razer huntsman elite
I just bought a keyboard to replace my broken one and then you upload this. w h y ?
I'm incredibly happy of my DREVO Tyrfing 87-TKL. It's absolutely fantastic bang-for-the buck.
I got a blackweb mechanical keyboard with blue switches and 7 mode rgb lighting for 50
I have a corsair strafe I want a 10 keyless board tho
I have the K70 RGB MK.2 SE with speed switches and I must say this is by far my favorite one.
Razor Black Widow Ultimate. If it dies I get the exact same model again if possible.
I'm thinking about getting the Anne Pro
As an owner of The Rosewill RGB I highly recommend, amazing lights, enough modes to satisfy with adjustments on lighting and movement and to top it off this is the first time a wrist wrest felt right. The only downside would be that over all it is small, good for desk space but noticeably short key distance. (not recommended for large hands but you get used to it) oh yea and the keys are 10/10 has that nice snap/click but at times slow registry.
Just order the Corsair Lux K70 rgb...got it for $80. Thanks slickdeals!!
Pretty “low key” heh
Does anyone know a Keyboard that is White and is Mechanical? I'm trying to match my theme (a white and orange theme) and any Switches (except Razer green or orange, cherry red, black, white). If you know one, please reply. Thanks :D
just me skipp the first 5
I have owned a k55 RGB for a year and its really good. I've smashed it countless of times and it still works. with me stuff always breaks after a month
just buy a mechanical keyboard for 5usd instead of this shit sponsored commercial
K55 baby i'm shook i felt so popular! (xd i'm dieing inside)
I got that Razer deathstalker third owner got it by buying a friend McDonald's
I was 1k liker xD
cool
I prefer the Logitech G413 priced at $90 very simple keyboard with Romer G switches, but it is very reliable
Nah, just buy obins anee pro that's best keyboard for the price
Omg i was just looking for a new keyboard!!! Thank you so much??????
I have a RII keyboard and i like it. Another is a crytech...ye ye main.
Razer black widow x is really good
wanted cheap mechanical tkl keyboard
The best keyboard is called intous pro
anyone who has the giant keyboard key? (razor hunterman elite)
Can we have a giveaway
My chat headset is Hyper X; I know what I'm adding to the basket right now! Thanks so much for taking the time to find these neat keyboards!
the only razor thing i can afford is my mousepad lol
I thought we may see the Drevo Blademaster on here somewhere. All good though
I wasn't aware of the "mechanical key" craze until recently and think they're pretty overhyped from a standpoint of someone who isn't a super duper hardcore gamer who wants miliseconds of latency shaved off, and the ability to customize eeeevery single key like a drugged out EDM party. I'm content with a more low profile membrane keyboard with basic solid color backlighting.
you should do mice next!
I was just gonna buy a keyboard, what great timing!
3rd party controllers and gadgets are always pretty cool
No Magicforce 68? List is just bad
What about the k95 platinum, you should had at least mentioned while you were talking about the k70 m.2.
I don't really even know why I'm watching this, I'm way out of my league. To myself, a very casual gamer, a keyboard is a keyboard, but they look cool at least. :P Thanks Gameranx for enlightening me today.
I hope the keyboard in the thumbnail is under $50, please don't be click bait.
im gonna buy a new keyboard sooo should i buy Razer Ornata Chroma Razer Blackwidow X Chroma or a Razer Blackwidow Chroma
I recommend the Logitech G213 keyboard, nice sound, looks good and can get it Around £50 or £60. Very good keyboard
I have the Razer Chroma Blackwidow V2 with Razer green switches. I paid £150 for it and am very happy with it.
Literally just about to buy a keyboard. Thanks!
theres no such thing as a "good" keyboard either it works or it doesn't.
2:51 low key lol
If you are looking for cheap boards under $50 and still want the name brand, check out Cooler master. I have used a lot of their boards due to affordability and they are very solid. Worth a look
Can we get monitors and mice next, i really gotta upgrade
I have the HyperX ceeboart
Surprised you didn’t put Redragon in here
Literally just bought a keyboard yesterday. I'm kinda irritated that this wasn't uploaded yesterday. Could've gotten a better deal.
Reddragon makes a $60 mechanical keyboard. Spend the extra $10 people and thank me later
Hey, I’m tryna switch from Xbox to Pc gaming, what a full setup under 1000
what about the razer ornata chroma? yes it isn't a mechanical keyboard, but from my experience its really nice
am rocking the corsair K70 1.0
buy an RGB keyboard from china its not bad and it costs around 30 bucks
No redragon keyboards in a budget keyboard list?! Blasphemy!
I'm still using my Razer Black Widow tournament edition from 2013 and see no reason to get a new one unless it stops working. Maybe I will eventually, and keep my old one as a spare. I got a Deathadder mouse at the same time, the left button quit working a few years ago but it was warrantied and they gave me a chroma for free.
I need the numb pads because I use them instead of arrow keys
Corsair k70- I feel like it's underpriced
Dorable. Durable
Now do one on mice :D Unless you already have and I missed it...
Do a monitor one!!
Thanks dad
razer deathstalker is so bad and so expensive
PC PEASANTS
Used a Microsoft Ergonomic Keyboard, it is an old model, extremely comfly,, just bought a Razer Tartarus, Using an old Logitech mouse that has proven reliable beyond expectations.
Im using the Corsair K95 Platinum and it's the best keyboard I've ever laid my hands on. Bit expensive though but I have a feeling this is the last keyboard I'll buy for many years.
Razer Ornata is cheep(I got one for 1900NTD,about 60USD,without chroma),good looking,and have a great wrist rest
I know their is a keyboard with around 9 function keys. Its razer I believe and has 3 x 3 rows.
1. aren't there mechanical keyboards under 50$? I imagine mechanical switches are superior to membrane and hence would be priority. Rgb ligths whatsnot, all frills adding aesthethics, not gaming experience itself. 2. Why section for mechanical keyboards have to go over 100$? There are lots of decent mechanical keyboards between 50-100$ this list is missing.
If you were going to put the huntsman elite, I think you should have put the k95 platinum instead because it's a similar price range and debatably a better keyboard (this is in disregard to any order of the list btw)
There's a very nice keyboard you missed. It's the Redragon K552 Kumara. It's actually great for the price. I was able to pick it up for $30
It would be better to get a pc first, nah i will buy them all, they look nice
Lol
I use a kinbas rainbow led keyboard for my gaming ( PS4 )and an Ares Multi-color keyboard for creating stuff on the Unreal Engine 4 and Blender. They both have the breathing effect tho.
Why don't they list the prices
AZIO MGK1-RGB-BLU MGK1 RGB Gaming Keyboard, Still going strong after two years of heavy gaming. Highly recommended
The 100$+ keyboard seems good for long term,but I would check some youtubers opinions on PC accessories. An example of that is rocket jump ninja , or his website =).
Love the video today
so not a single mechanical keyboard under 50? meeeeeehhhhhhhhhhh
Witch one would be best for esports
Hey can someone give me some advice in order to choose what keyboard to buy? I'm deciding between Razor Blackwidow Expert 2014 and HyperX Alloy FPS (brown switches). I really like the Razor one but the red backlight on alloy is so nice. Did maybe someone used any of this for a lttle bit longer so he can tell me any experiences (or maybe even both).
my mechanical keyboard was 22€ from china and still going good after 2years
i have to say, i've been using the nr.1 little brother for about 4 years now and its still rly good and never had any problems so my next will be the k70 mk.2
dont buy anything under number 5, they are all poopy membrane keyboards overpriced because of rgb. if you dont care about rgb just buy a corsair k66 or gigabyte k83, those have cherry mechanical switches and cost the same as those membranes with rgb.
I’m using a black widow chroma v2 with green switch’s
Next time you do one of these videos can you do one where you recommend the best type of Gaming consoles and PCs
You dont know how much i needed this.
Corsair Strafe RGB with MX Browns. Love it.
I can agree, the k70 is nice. I use the original version of the k70 and I love it. I pair that with a Logitech g502 spectrum mouse. Great combo
I replaced my Razer gaming PC keyboard with a top of the line Corsair K95 and I liked it so much, I bought a cheaper Corsair K66 for the office. Oddly, I like the K66 more.
I yelped when you put the k70 mk.2 as #1 because I love it so much! I’m buying mine next week!
SteelSeries bois
RAZER Huntsman is a shitty placebo.
PERFECT TIMING!!! I just got a new pc and I’m looking into getting a good mechanical keyboard, thanks for the info!
can someone pls help. I played on a macbook air for about 1 1/2 years and i wanna find a similar keyboard for my pc as the keyboard that is used in the macbook air. Does anyone know any good ones? max prize i would say is around $100
so many membranes, why ? :P
Really makes me want a new keyboard; got a blackwidow here and didn't even know wrist rests were a thing for a while now...
Membrane keyboards for gaming? ??
What about crosair k95 RGB Platinum ?? If you ask me its better then k70 MK2 ????
im kind of upset that you guys didnt mention the steelseries apex 100 its a nice cheap keyboard with blue backlighting, its not mechanical but its a really good keyboard ive been using it for a couple months now and for $30 its not half bad
Got a Corsair K70 RGB over two years ago, got it for under £100 because the shelf label was wrong - score. Would've been like £150 or so otherwise.
Heey, just got myself the K55 not too long ago. Love it, such a good deal. Although the macros being on the left is a little off putting. I can't even express how many times I've hit 'G1' instead of 'ESC' :p
Fucking thank you. I was looking for a good keyboard to buy.
Using the Filco Majestouch Ninja with Cherry Brown switches. I love this keyboard and I bought it for £140 here in UK a few years back. In hindsight I could maybe have gotten a TKL variant..
G901 and G502 best combo ever Logitech fanboy
I hate the new sound YouTube put for when you like a comment
I use the deathfire ex mouse/keyboard combo. It came with a "hybrid" keyboard and the mouse comes with 2 extra buttons and have a dpi switch for 51 dollars (at least in chile)
Hell yeah I needed this some much
imma go for that k55
Next up? Keypads followed by mouse pads, then headsets, then microphones, then controllers (Xbox variants and PS variants), then speakers, then webcams, and then finally....mice XD
Does anyone know a good tkl keyboard around 100-120
Logitech G15. Best keyboard ever. I actually bought 3 used ones on eBay this year to have spare parts. No new keyboard got 18 G keys and those are so useful in MMOs. Build quality is great, too. Wish Logitech would ship a new version with mech switches.
If the Hyper X Alloy had RGB 10 keyless then it be the best keyboard.
Oh yeah yeah
no redragon for under 50?
Rocking a custom-built KBD75 75% keyboard with gmk screw in stabilizers, custom Royal hako switches with 70 gram 24k gold Sprit Springs, LGBT carbon dye sub keycaps. And I made the whole keyboard hotswap wolf with holtite sockets. Total keyboard cost ~$320 USD
I actually just bought the Redragon K555 INDRAH for $56.99. Absolutely love it.
HyperX alloy elite
4:01 TO GO TO PREMIUM, YR WELCOME.
I'm currently utilising roccat sova membrane as I game in bed. I love the look of the new roccat keyboard using Titan switches but I'm not sure I'm willing to join clack and clang master race
Like the k90 plat tbh
The HyperX is probably the most well rounded choice. The durability of that keyboard is second to none.
Great video.
I was thinking of replacing my shitty keyboard then i get a notifcation about this video ????
i have a Redragon K552 KUMARA red LED Backlit Mechanical Gaming Keyboard, and mouse.
I bought my razer blackwidow stealth edition for 30$ p r o f i t
I really need a keyboard
Thank you Gameranx I needed a new keyboard without costing so much
My keyboard is a cheap A4Tech. Been using them for over 15 years ??
Where is the guy who put prices
100 people are first
I was expecting the redragon mechanical keyboard
I love my Anne Pro 60% - Brown Gateron switches - PBT DSA Dolch Keycaps
wow seriously bad vid. what's up with this channel i feel like your the least qualified channel to be doing a top 10 keyboard video. like is this sponserd or something? these keyboards are really bad deals. why are there no cheap mechanical quality keyboards like: Eagle Z-888 or Mottospeed CK888 or Mottospeed CK108. those keyboards are in my opinion a way better deal. better top 10 vids: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3xXwQQZGE1U https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lSKLwOPGw0I https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=n6vM0YslQHU https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=V4ACgvXyqok
Wrist rests are a game changer
Do one about headsets
any mechanical keyboards under 50?
Oh yeah yeah
there are many mechanical keyboards (non mx switches) with rgb under $35.
Redragon K552 is probably the best under 50 keyboard. Mechanical and backlit
My favorite is the razer ornata chroma. Expensive but comfortable
Funny how razer has to use light switches for anyone to even take notice. A4 tech bloody has been using those light switches for years
I dislike it when people ONLY focus on big brand keyboards like Corsair Razor SteelSeries like they're the be all end all. Look into small production stuff too!
Why am I watching this? I have a K70 LUX lol
Are you kidding me? I was literally just researching keyboards for my new rig when i saw this in my sub feed. What a coincidence! Thanks for the info too.
Give me dat heart
I just became a pc gamer
Well this video was just what I needed after spending all my money on Blackwidow chroma v2
corsair 95k Plat
I have a Corsair K95 Platinum with Cherry MX speeds
Cooler master has the best mouse and keyboard combo
Ive got a logitech g910, and I have to say, its by far the best keyboard I have ever used
A good idea for a video could be top 10 updated games. (But they should be full priced AAA)
These are some of the worst keyboards you can buy... Why didn't you reccomend mechanic keyboard that's 50 dollars? Yes they do have mechanical keyboard under 50
I use the razer blackwidow chroma v2 yellow switch(mechanical) and I love her so much
I reccomend redragon k552 or k561. It has outemu blue switches which really feel like cherry blues. Doesnt bend at all, built like a tank. Also RGB!
Now some gaming mice?
Got Logitech Pro, really good one! Although sometimes not wearing headphones you might hear springs do their sounds but, nothing disturbing.
Great choices, thanks for another good video!
10 Lewdest Video Games Commentators!!!
RGB overlord!
Still using a IBM keyboard from 98 haha
uh, the Azio Levetron is $93 on amazon.
alloy fps
i feel like the razer chroma is a little to much of an overkill. RGB everywhere including the wrist rest. The corsair its just simple and much better looking.
Have radical day Gameranx and Gameranx Viewers.
it would have helped if they show the price of the keyboard
GREAT VID! <33
I don’t think I can relate or appreciate a channel more than Gameranx. Thank you team
48
Irrelevant but... A YouTuber released a “before you buy” video for black ops 4. I wonder what Gameranx thinks of it...
23 views 74 likes Oof
37th
I need a good gaming mouse.
I am a console gamer, so sorry, I don't speak PC
wow wow wow wow wow
Firstn't
I have the K55 and it’s amazing!
nice timing. my wifes gaming rig needs a new keyboard
thank you
All I want is a Logitech PRO made wireless!!
Fourth?
I clicked on this video faster than Flash could blink
Awesome !!
Third
I don’t have 50 dollars
Good vid
Aw man. I was expecting some nice pianos
6th
anthem is gonna kill destiny change my mind
Nice list
Aye...
Yeet
7th like and 5th comment
Third
I’m poor
Que the Razer sucks comments in 3.2.1
Clicked notification by mistake
Like this plz
Luv ya
FIRST
Second!!
FIRST
I hope you enjoyed this As Seen on TV TESTED video. Check out my latest TESTED video here: https://youtu.be/WbE-D5hOghU Thanks for watching!
Come on, P Pop isn't that hard to reduce or negate.
Hey Mr narrator..you are simply the best
the 80s called, they want their pink cube back Edit: You actually sound like kermit
Sections are far too long.
...Tac lighter is cool - but - no versitility. Could you thaw a frozen lock? Use it as a light source? Even light a pipe? Too limited. Combine it in the handle of a survival knife.
make sure you tell us its "your phone, your charger your etc." every time
There is likely "sonic measurement". How do you think the "tape measure" measures with the button? I highly doubt it measures with actual laser, but is done by sound. The laser is probably just a feature to make sure you are pointing it at a surface. From an engineering standpoint sonic measurement is much cheaper and easier to implement because sound travels slow and therefore it would be easier to measure the time it takes for the sound wave to return. Light, on the other hand would be very fast and would require an extremely high sensor sample rate.
I have one
You don’t wanna spend $1000 on a phone but you will waist $15 in a speaker the side of my thumb
You sound like Kermit the frog
does your puppy has a problem? why is jeeter licking a stuffed animal?
there's an ultrasonic sensor on the measure king... hence the "sound" marketing
Lil speaker with big sound... This reminds me of my girlfriend.
Did he really see them on tv
Sonic measurement is the way range finders works
Sonic Measurement its just how fast the laser travel and give you the measurement. Nice Gadgets I am like it.
Magnavision = Brazil.
The blisters can be open with a can opener instead.
It has a sonic measurement, the laser is visual only and does nothing, cover only the laser and test it
$15.00(USD) at walmart or similar stores RCA antenna with signal booster i found to be worth it(WXIN FOX 59 for the simpsons)
Somebody's wealthy.
sonic mesurement .... you know about the sonar right
Anyone else notice that the TacLighter is actually a miniature taser? Should have had the volume on and tested it on your forearm-that would be a seller!
That measure king looks legit
"as seen on tv products are all the rage"
For the Measure King you left out the most important factor - accuracy. One review I found on youtube showed that the laser (sonic actually) mode indicated 27 inches while a regular tape measure was at 24 inches, with equally bad or worse results at longer distances - based on that alone, this is a fail, though the cord mode seemed fairly accurate.
Shoot all the marketing genius
this guy sounds like a grown up kermit
But did you check the accuracy of that tape measure contraption?
Beck! You have great taste in music.
Indoor Antennas are NO good unless you have a rooftop antenna to boost reception... It was so much better during the analog days when channels were far more accessible...
No headphone jack.
I would have thought that a Sonic measurement is referring to sonar used for measuring against the wall as the laser is only a viewfinder on the wall to see what you pointing it
You sound like kermit the frog
The biggest gimmick I saw in this video was the dongle thing that Apple tricked users into buying.
Nice video Kip. I enjoyed it.
The Measure King uses ultrasonic (like when an expecting mother goes in to have an ultrasound scan of her growing baby). The laser is not the measure, it is a direction guide for the ultrasonic measurement.
China is smart.
The measure king does use sonic measurement. The laser is only there as a guide.
WHY DID YOU LIGHT THE STINKIN SETH CARD!?!???
Antennas are antennas. No little antenna like that will work great. If you actually want to get great reception with an antenna for local TV and not cable or dish you need to spend about 70 bucks and get one of those huge TV antennas that are directional and go on the roof or in the attic. That is how you make use of free broadcast Television. Any little antenna are all the same pretty much garbage.
Actually, the "measure king" probably does in fact use sound to measure. Most laser range finders use more than one laser to measure distance and they are not visible. Being that this one has a visible laser, it's probably just there for aiming purposes.
Hello Max Headroom.
one correction the tape measure works with sound not with laser, laser is just to point
ummm... my tape measure does NOT need batteries to work after indefinite time of un-use... bs hype !
If you still have the boom cube, can you test it against dropping your phone in a cambro pan? Maybe a few of them of different sizes, but I expect a deeper one to work better.
get a oneplus 6 its cheaper and better than iphone X
20 channels ain't so bad...cause if you don wanna spend cash on cable...well this is kinda cool !
It uses sonar to detect the distance from whatever your pointing at. the laser just tells you where your aiming
Sonic measurement probably refers to ultrasonic distance measurement, which fires ultrasound and measures the time it takes for it to bounce back.
WOW, forgot all about your channel and havent seen a video in years!
1$ stocking stuffer
"lets bust into this heavy duty packaging and pull out.." 0:35
What about flex tape and seal ?
Oh come now Kip, You mean there's absolutely NO way you could KipKay tinker with that antenna to get it to work better?
Why that look like an iphone3
Hot oil and gas all over the place.
dont get tangled that some harry arms
the measure king has a sonic feature. The laser only shows you where are you pointing at. Then it releases a high frequency clicking voice and measures the distance by the eco of the voice (Doppler effect) That is why it does not work in bigger distances and in noisy environment. It also can show wrong reading when you have an obstacle in between.
When you moved the antenna to the window, were the channels at least more clear?
That lighter ?? would make a great ???? weapon. ... kind of.
Who'd 've thought an antenna for Tv would be so useless in 2018?
Man I remember watching you since I was like 7 ??
Nice! You guys got some drum'n'bass playing as the intro! ;]
For a true test of the waterproof claim you should try to light the candle underwater.
Use magnavision on the Nintendo switch in table top mode
Ok YouTube I watched now please stop recommending it
God your like if my dad made YouTube videos ?? it's hilarious and your content is quality
Dude, you are so funny yet very educational, thumbs up :))
I have clear blue TV antenna . It works great. I get 20 clear as day. Even in Arizona I lived in the middle of nowhere i still received 20 channels
yup bet u wont heart my comment
Beck for life!!!
I wonder if the electric arc could stun if say, pressed to someone's skin or clothes?
This lighter looks really dangerous! I'm no expert but the open electrical arc would at least burn you if you touch it.
The Taclighter is great! As for the Measure King, my phone already measures distance with the camera.
sonic measurement is pretty common and worse then laser measurement, the tested device has no laser measurement, would not recoment it for exact measurements, the laser just helps to see at witch point you direct the device,
Smegmavision, made in Chiner?
Now we have products witch can have a claim on the package that says: As seen on youtube !
You really dont know the difference between water resistant and water proof
the easiest way to measure isnt with a tape measure, the IPhones do it now :P
Nice to know that you're still doing videos KipKay. Keep it up!
How about circumference not diameter.
The seaker in the intro is so good not the boomcube the one in the intro, was about 5 dollars and was fully worth it
It does have sonic measurement. Above the laser is a small speaker that chirps, it then times the receival of chimps and calculates distance. Sonic measuring has been around for ages.
You can change the world dude
Still glad you're around
Woah it’s been a minute since I watched a kipkay video
Water RESSISTENT not proof
The original King of Random!
The cube went boom in fortnite
He lives!!!!
Come on bro! A good TV signal it's worth the hassle of moving!
Any antenna can receive HD channels. And, any and all antennas are limited by a line of sight and distance. So, the claims are realistic. It's the reason cable TV is the only viable option in most suburbs where broadcast antennas are more than 35 mi away. But, if you're within range, antennas are the way to cut the cable tv bill.
I just got the measure king n i liked it. I was wondering what he was gonna say about it. It's a great tool
The news reporter at the end made this video somewhat worth it! ...not really but it was nice lol 9:42
sonic speed like how fast it shows you the ft
As seen on TV a teaser that light things too
Are we not gonna address that the tactical lighter looks like a Juul??
Wow this channel still exist! I remember watching this guy when I was young ?? he's awsome
Kermit?
"Must keep antenna within 35 miles of broadcasting towers" LOLOL
I could be wrong here, but the measure king does not use the laser for ranging, it uses sounds, it only uses the laser for aiming.
that extension cord looks like you pulled it out of a swamp
Props for BECK
"As seen on TV" usually describes worthless objects that are advertised in non-prime time hours.
The laser is just a guide for the ultrasonic measuring device.
Love the Stinkers... HAHA just so I know never to even try them.. thanks. thumbs up..
Just got my Measure King, it is awesome! I measured my dog and my wife's head now my family hates me; but I still love the Measure King!
Cool lighter
IT SEEMS THAT LOGIC STATES THE "SONIC MEASUREMENT" IS ACTUALLY LEGIT. IT SAYS "LASER GUIDE". THE LASER IS JUST A LIGHT SO YOU CAN AIM IT AT WHAT YOU WANT. IT'S NOT USING THE LASER TO MEASURE, IT IS USING SOUND WAVES TO MEASURE.
An I the only one who has experience with string lines? They stretch and break. Apparently we're just going to skip over this fact it's affects on the measure king or how the measure king compensates and still achieves accurate measurement.
I'm surprised you don't have an As Seen On TV "OPEN IT" plastic cutter. Best $14.99 I ever spent for opening those dang hard plastic wrappings. 8-)
"So that's a big thumbs up for the measure king....no idea if it actually measures accurately..."
You just made a huge mistake - measure king got sonic measure function and the laser is only a pointer. DID you check if all the measure functions work correctly? You just gave it a huge thumb up but you should get a thumb down for this video.
These Arc Lighters aren't special every other person had one in 2016/17
How can you give a big thumbs up to the Measure King without even checking if it measures accurately?
@ 6:40 ish when you say "there is no sonic measuring" - are you sure? if the laser if just a guide then it might not actually be the laser measuring.
The igniter has potential to be a taser, don’t you think? ??
Wow you're still on Youtube lol. I've been watching since your laser videos. Glad to have you back
Great job!
Hey doofus it does measure with sound (sonic).
Wow you guys are idiots, it is an ultrasound distance measurement, with a laser guide exactly as it says... A laser measurement would be better but more expensive.
Haha YES its been so long since I've watched your awesome videos! Keep it up man!!
hey look, after like 6 years I found your channel again, last time I watched you was when I was like 7
The boomcube is a furry eradicate all furries
Dude, the antenna one is just a duh moment. It was the same way with rabbit ears 35 years ago, it's just more finicky (and more dependent on what digital carriers are broadcasting over the air in your area) due to the much higher bandwidth requirements of digital.
Where is flex tape!
Who takes ?? anymore
For best results, get subscribers that hit the like button.
Regarding the Measure King. The laser light is just a laser pointer so that you can see what you are measuring at the other end. The actual measurement is done using an ultrasonic transceiver in the hole above the laser emitter. There are actual laser range finders but they cost a bit more and are more accurate.
Am I high or does this guy sound like an older Kermit the frog
bought the tac lighter ,used it a few times and it worked ,one day went to use it and it didnt work a small spring had fell out and the pieces that do the spark and been wobbling all over the place ,had to repair it,,it works agian but cant fully push the top of the lighter up
I think having one of those HD TV antennae- but not specifically this brand - is good to have in case your provider signal goes down, for emergencies. Even pair it with some type of battery backup and efficient tv so you can check the news in case of power outage/cellphone signal loss.
Need to check accuracy on measure king
I feel like the magnifier has some potential outside of its intended purpose tbh. Maybe not out and about but definitely in a workshop or something. ??
thanks, that was great..
There is "ultrasonic sound" distance measurement. It works reasonable well if there are no obstacles and when you have surfaces which are good sound reflectors like walls. The Laser is just a "guide" where most of the sound energy will focus, it does not measure distances.
are you kidding an F-ing stun gun!!!!!!!!!!! O its a lighter ....and my brass knuckles is a belt buckle and this kitty cat EYE GOUGER is a key chain
yes there is sonic !!!! I have it right here ...read the directions carefully you point it and say eeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeep
Why are you sending that cute lil chocolate ice cream emoji guy .for stinkers ....that's the one I send to all the cute girls that I like .... I know it might be pudding ..still sweet either way....
Was the measure king accurate?
Very helpful. Thanks :)
HD antenna using a coaxial cable ....didn't know you could get 1080p through the coax input of your TV.....??
that tape would be good if it had MM instead of CM
I sure am glad I unsubbed several years ago. This guy is still just as lazy and stupid.
I wonder why do all these cheap gadgets have packaging 10 times bigger than them selves.
do you not have a pop filter
well you're wrong about the sonic measurement, ever heard of sonar? and the laser says it is a guide, so your "laser measurement" was actually likely just a hypersonic ping (at a frequency that you can't hear) and then it just times the echo...
The tac lighter is literally a small arc taser
You measured the circumference of Tor Johnson's head, not the diameter :) :)
HD antennae... lmao I mean yeah it can pickup HD channels but, so could Anything you plug into that antennae slot, you could get similar results with a coat hanger LMAO
His IdK what Sonic measurement means therefore it doesn't exist is kinda Short sighted... It sounds like it uses the Ultrasound frequencies
The most important issue with any measuring device is the accuracy of the measurements. Thumbs down for just playing with the measuring tape and not confirming whether it is accurate or not.
The laser is just to guide the sonic measuring. since you can't see sound, ya gotta point the lazorz at it. Hope that cleared something up!
I thought the lighter was a vape pen
It looks like the laser just points at the object that you are measuring the distance to, but that is just a visual guide to point at where the ultrasonic waves are aimed for measurement.
theres no measurement by sound? Damn those engineers and scientists who made us believe that Sonar in submarines actually do that.
?????? ???????
it is kool that you make these kind of videos. but the comments that you make about these products and the sarcasm in your voice makes you sound like a hater, and very non professional. I mean some of these items may not be good for you or anyone at all but no one is forcing anyone to buy these products. I mean what it comes down to is there making money. even you had to pay for all the products that most of us wouldn't buy.
The laser does not do the measurment. It is just a pointer for an ultrasonic distance measurement. That measurment is not acurate as the sound can bounce off uneven surfaces and cause it to be useless. Also as there is no reference surface on that tape you get a distance, but where is it to on the body?
that extension cord looks like is about to go boom any moment
They mean ultrasonic
Only stinker here is your lame a$$ iphone. Get a real phone Pixel 2XL!!!
The antenna is good if you're on a boat and can actually point it to known broadcast towers. Works well for me.
the Measure King's sonic measurement is with the laser. The laser is to aim it, and it measures distance by how long it takes the sound waves to bounce off an object and come back, we have a similar device in my physics class.
Promoting chinese goods. PRC is proud of you and is granting you two free plastic toys.
Your intro music thing is pretty much like how it is made show
Wow! I grew up with you, didn't know you were active!
Great Video
Wow, if my window had scenery like that I wouldn't be watching tv.. Beautiful...
- yo bro sonic measurement is real and is cheaper, lasr is actualy a marketing buzz word and exist only on more expensive tools
You sure that Measure King has a laser, it’s infra red surely!
the laser points at the target to be measured and the measurement is made sonicly
Every digital antenna gets signal from towers at different distances. Mine picks up with 50 mile range. I have no problems.
Something I didn't see but expected, tactical sparked (forgive the pun I couldn't pass it by) by my own poor vision. That was that the screen magnatier used a prismatic sheet but didn't seem to make rainbows all over. I'm wondering if these so to call booksheet magnifiers would any better just the same. I think I might have one if so I will put it up.
Measure King IS sonic! The laser is used just as an alignment device.
You don't wanna spend "an arm and a leg" on a new iPhone!? What's wrong with you? lol
The tactical lighter is a stinker, bought on but after a month of use for cigarettes the thing started to fall apart and it arcs to random spots in the lighter and melts itself
How you give the Measure King a superrating, without testing the accuracy, I really like that device, but I still don't know if it works
Dolphins and bats can tell you about sonic measuring.
The sonic measurement is how it measures the distance of the object you point the laser at. The laser is just so you can see what the "sonic" echo sounder is pointed at.
This video reminds me of 2010
beck
It really is sonic. The cheapest way to measure distance. That laser is just there because...
B O O M cube
don't houses have antenna's?
Use a can opener on those packages instead of scissors I’ve heard it works better
The laser is just to know where you are pointing. The actual measurement is done with high frequency sonic and measures the return time.
Been so long since I’ve watched kipkay, still quality content and blowing up. Good stuff ????
Beck VEVO will be sending you a letter for that song lol
One, iPhone is thee worst cheaply made, overly priced, worst camera. Cracks easily. Anyone can afford s8+ or s9?? or note 8 or 9.. iPhone music is worst speaker.
Great song choice for the boom cube!
Why devices aren't using 18650 batteries has got me.
The tape measure is perhaps the most useful .. depending on how accurate it is and how well it's made that is
The measure king is in fact using sonic technology to measure the distance, the laser is merely a guide to line up the device.
Nice to see ur back
the piezo battery lighters are great for lighting candles that are deep inside the candle holder, where a standard size lighter won't reach. Before getting the piezo battery lighter, I had purchased numerous brands of the long neck butane lighters --- they were ALL junk. You would have to press the button over and over again to get it to light and they break after only a few uses.
I wouldn’t mind one of those lighters for camping and the measuring tapes
But what if its so bad, IT'S A SUPER STINKER!
does this guy realise that the laser is just a guide for the sonic measurement, its funny to me how he thinks that because he cant hear it that there is no sonic measurement just because has no clue how it works
I swear I have seen the same review on another channel
I had to stop this video almost instantly due tooooo the voice my god
Just because you are out of range is not the fault of the antenna! Did you get even one channel in clearly? Then it works. The tape measure is probably made so cheaply it will break on only a few uses, and is probable less accurate than most measures of higher quality.
Boy sounds like Kermit the frog????
Teen wolf?
for the boom vube you need to have you phone on charge for it to work better. oh wait you got an iphone :0 crack out the dongle
Aw man I remember those cards I collected those when I was a kid! The All Star Monster Baseball Team!
the fact it was BECK on the boom cube, is a yes
The tactical light is basically a taser
They are a POS!! I fell for it
there is no laser mode, it is sound mode, laser is just a guide.
6:13 Im starting to hear kermit in his voice
The measure king uses sound waves to have an approximation of the distance from the device to a surface, similar to how we use sonar to graph how deep a body of water is, it projects a sound, waits for the waves to go back, divide the time it took by two and there you have it, the laser is just a guide. Therefore the acoustics of the room may change the reading of the measurement, to which degree, I don't quite know.
That tac lighter is huge those kinds of lighters are everywhere and they are the size of a normal lighter smh
You didn't show the accuracy of the measure
the tape measure uses sound waves to measure, the laser is just a guide...
How accurate is the fancy tape measure. If it's off by an 1/8th or any amount, its worthless.
Glad that you’re back to posting, I remember watching your videos like 6 years ago and they were very enjoyable
It definitely uses sonic measurement. That's how all of the range finders work. They work pretty well too. The laser is just a guide as pointed out by a few others here.
The Measure King could never replace a tape measure for me. The cord mode is interesting, but lacks versatility of use. The sonic measurement and roller mode are both features that seem quite useful and ones that I'd like to see integrated into standard tape measures.
The sonic thing is how it measures. The laser is just a guide as it is clearly labeled "laser guide"
GREAT video Kip! Really enjoyed it! Later...
The measure king laser mode may in fact be a sonic mode with a laser depiction of the target point.
I had no idea Kip was still around!!! NICE!!
I strongly suspect that the "sonic" feature is actually working. It would be much cheaper to build an acoustic ranging device over an optical one. The laser is probably only an aiming aid.
The sonic is what does the measuring, the laser is what lets you see what you are pointing at.
you dont seem to have a lot of product knowledge and are misrepresenting the products because you dont understand them ,I got more information from the comments than from your video
Cara-bin-er?
Your phone is much louder than that Keeney coop thing and I love that track from beck by the way every last one of them were bringing horrible Mike literally the worst as seen on tv product of ever seen next to the shake Weight a course especially the lighter thing when you can just get a lighter and you don't even have to check it I'm more curious if I could shock someone with it I would be a multi tool you didn't really cool if you did a handful of a seen on tv products they're actually cool
The laser is just a guide for the sonic measurement. It doesn't really measure.
the measuring tape is not reliable at all and inaccurate.
hack the measure king
I thought this a BBQ...??
This guy sounds like ernie lol
iSheep ??
That hole above the laser is the sonic measurer that you mistaken as thinking was laser. The laser is for aiming only.
Please upgrade your camera and mic
If you lay your cellphone on a pkastic or paper bowl, where the corners are touching the sides if the inside of the bowl. This will deepen and project the sound toward thw USA eiling and thus fill the room. Try this. You already have the bowl...try it...pass it on
ultrasonic measurment exists (check parking sensors on cars).
boom cube might work better for movies then music.
Can you move to test the antenna properly please
into the trashcan it goes...
That magna vision lens makes an excellent fire starter in direct sunlight, It will even pop little pieces of sidewalk up from thermal shock!
The section above the lazer/Laser (Peephole no wot tit meenzz weadder it'z Speld wit door wittowt uzen ay essoor ayzeee) is the sonic actuator. Theater is only an alignment tool. The lazer/laser DOES NOT MEASURE ANYTHING do better research
your audio voice need to b modern..it seems like I am watching 19th century vedio
i.phone are for suckers super conned
Re. Measure King: It actually uses "sonic measurement" when you activate that laser. See, the laser is NOT actually doing the measurement; rather, the laser is simply being used as a visual pointer for YOU to see and target the object to which you are measuring distance. The Measure King device then fires an ultrasonic sound wave parallel to its little laser beam, and an electronic circuit times how long it takes for the ultrasonic sound wave to echo back. This is how it determines distance. Another name for this technology is "sonar". Sound familiar? (Excuse the bad pun!) With the sound being ultrasonic (frequency higher than 20 kHz), humans can't hear it, and the sound waves tend to have very little spread, making the targeted measurement fairly accurate. Hence the need for the laser pointer, so human eyeballs can help you precisely aim where the Measure King's sound waves are being directed. Long story short: The packaging is NOT lying or being misleading; you need to brush up on your physics before you criticize.
the fact that kipkay listens to beck...a man of quality
coax is not hd
IF YOU SPEED THIS UP X2 HE SOUNDS LIKE KERMIT
You're infact a garbage pail for destroying that garbage pail kid card.
Why would you destroy a garbage pail kids card?! Monster.
My dude I’ve been watching you since I was 14, I’m 23 now aha
Yeah those HD antennas are not worth it there was another version of it I tried I got nothing
You kinda sound like Kermit the frog ngl
Ay hey all
What case is that
Which iphone u're using in 2k18 ??
The head of Tor Johnson ...Wow....
It's the beast of Yucca Flats......LOL
sonic measurement is referring to the ultrasonic distance sensor. It's typically found in robots to determine the distance between it and the object next to it. You may know it better as SONAR.
He sounds like Kermit the frog trying to imitate a human being
Just saying since we're on the topic of as seen on TV, the tub shroom actually works, however, you need to clean it after (and sometimes during) every shower.
LOL That line at the end about moving or getting a longer cord made me laugh a bit more then it should =3
as a note on the measuring device: the "Sonic" measurement is how it measures distance, the laser is just to verify what you are pointing at and dosent measure anything so the "laser measurement" is the sonic measurement
this flimzy plastic piece of...... magnovision
You sound like Kermit
Consider getting a pop suppressor.
Thanks for taking the time to review those items, many people would appreciate that.
* uses tac lighter as a tazer *
Glad to see @kipkay posting again! ????
I missed you so much i thought you were gone!
I missed you so much I thought you we're gone.
There's no laser, it's sonic!
My eyes
My previous comment to this video has nothing to do with the validity of this video. The commented I had to leave was against Liberty Mutual. The previous comment that I made, made no sense due to censoring. Liberty Mutual is the worst insurance company you could ever use. Please do not uses this company, they will do everything they can to not pay. I have personal experience and if you do not believe me look up their reviews.
whats the id on that tune in the intro
This has nothing to do with a video that you're about to wyou that I'm gonna give you is on Liberty Mutual perion Liberty Mutual is the worst insurance company that you could ever buy. Buyers beware. They are just like any other insurance company and try not to pay out to any claim that is made. They take it to another level. They will literally hire other people and pay them money they try to keep you in limbo so getting something paid for.
Where has this dude been? He hasnt released a vid in like 5 years.
WC Field said, and I quote, " There is a sucker born every day ".
Better camera lighting and background please
The sonic measurement could be real... if you read it carefully the box states that the laser is just a laser guide. It makes a lot of sense if the gadget really uses sonic waves to measure the distance while the laser is just a guideline, targeting the object you are trying to measure... But Sonar measurement would be more accurate
The jokes on you, you bought all of it... and on me, I watched the video :D
The measure king is super inconsistent.
That Boom Cube thing would have been decent if it were bluetooth instead of using a 3.5 mm jack
were there any pop-filters as-seen-on-tv?
Well, bats and dolphins survive on sonic measurement, sonar too is a form of measuring distance through sound waves, you only need to know the speed of sound waves in the media you are using it in (for air we generally use a standard value of 340ms^-1 which refers to air at sea level under specific temperature and humidity), then you just need to measure the time it takes for the wave to be reflected and come back to the source s=(v*t)/2... Same as for the laser, except sound is extremely imprecise unless that thing also has a barometer, thermometer and hygrometer, plus a way to analyse the air composition as any minimal variation in the air will affect the speed of sound waves
Someone sends this man a properly sized screen protector
lol, needed a dongle for audio...
I'm glad your back kip I love your videos
It does not measure by laser. It measures by sonic. The laser is just for letting you know where you point the actual sonic measure device.
At 2:48 - extention cord dragged through swamp then set on fire before use here. ...glad it still works! Enjoyed the vid
Maybe the “sonic” part measures decibels???
How can a technology guy not understand they're using ultrasonics to measure the distance and the laser is just an alignment aid?
Measure king. Bet they meant the measurement was quick like Sonic.
Thank you for this video! A lot of scams out there and videos like this help people not to fall for them
lets spray water over this arc of electricity then hold it in our bare hands......seems legit. great advice :)
Gud vid bro
Measure King accuracy tests, anyone? I'd really love to see if it actually does measure up.
Mesure king is inaccurate
The tv thing does not work in the uk
Btw that style of lighter is super handy and awesome. however the one you bought looks terrible compared to the much cheaper versions. they make ones that are the same size of normal lighters with dual arcs for better lighting. they run you about $6. Side note they make a fairly loud and high pitch noise that is super irritating but you only have to put up with it for a few seconds
iPhone-were gonna remove the headphone jack just so we can sell you a sperate adapter
The measure king you and ultrasonic sensor to measure the distance the laser was just telling you where was pointing at they weren’t lying it was he using sonic technology to measure
The HD antenna thing is misleading because all antenna's will come in HD. The best one's you plug in the wall to amplify the signal.
Re: Measure King..... Just update that iPhone 8 to iOS 12, and use the handy measurement app. All snark aside, that lighter does look pretty cool.
Would have liked to see the measure king compared to a real tape measure for accuracy
wtf is a "Cara-Biner"? its actually pronounce [kar-uh-bee-ner].
Recommend watching this 1.25 or 1.5x the speed. He talks really slow otherwise.
Man i was here when i was in elementry school... 9 years ago. Im happy for you kipkay hahah, i remember those laser videos and such
Have I been saying tiny and carabiner wrong all this time? Geez, thanks. Edit: Memor? . . . Memor? Commence instant rage, pointing and shouting profanities at this guy while getting pulled out of the room by strangers.
Yeah try to ignite those lighter inside a pool ??
Hd antennas work great in the city btw.
I don’t know but his voice is annoying af
i highly recommend the flameless tactical lighter. i own one and its really useful not having to refill my lighters with lighter fluid. Also, it works as a self defense weapon since you can taze people
That is one grody extension cord.
Were u been?
No wonder there are micro plastic in almost all salt on the planet now..
I had one of them screens for my gameboy
The laser doesn't measure it just is a guide for the radar or sonic measure
So went you go to light your cigarettes and/or joints and you put it up to your face and are a little drunk too and you miss your cigarette and it touches your face will you then be tasing yourself ? Well if you get into a bar fight you can tase your enemy !!! Hey ! You live in Florida..Kool Love the sarcasm...
Magna vision looks good .
The antenna worked as advertised if the directions are followed!
Yeet
Kipkay is back?
TACLIGHTER from Bell + Howell seems to be the one only that worked? Rest garbage.
Did you say furry! Fuking triggered dude. Real nice.
Subscribed!
I thought he retired probably on a prolonged break. Bin watching you on n off for years good to see u back.
Your voice sounds like Kermit the Frog
Woah you went down hill
I'm a little surprised you picked pink with cheetah print for your boom cube
it uses the sonic measurement to measure the distance, The laser is just a guide for it.
So a taser
I remember Kipkay before all the fame... now, dog porn. sweet. lol
I didn't know kipkay still made videos. Good for you, kipkay.
I gave the tac lighter to my brother inlaw it was a zippo lighter type
my dad has one of those lighters but its way smaller
that looks like my dog betty
I love it Kipkay very nice upload so more video what want to see more
IPhone sux
5:39 I knew you would be wrong. circumference; perimeter. Not diameter.
What am I doing with my life
"if you put BOOM in front of something, it must be BADASS
8:30 name of the produk?
Mein Durchfall fließt wie ein Fluss!
Clear vision must be from the same people that made clear tv They look the same
The sonic measuring is referring to the ultrasonic waves that it creates to measure distance when you use the laser. The laser does nothing in terms of measuring and is only used as a guide.
Good video
circumference of the guys head was measured, not the diameter.
I swear kipkay has been making these videos for way too long
You get the same channels with a paper clip pushed into coax input I swear
This video was made by the makers of measure king
I think the measure thing's laser use for guiding the target
Your puppy is so prettyyyyyyy
I grew up off this channel.
Sonic measurement is the laser. I believe it uses sound to measure stuff. Someone had a video on this exact measuring tape and explained what it was.
nice waterfront home in Florida!
Very cool. Thanks for the test. Where can I get that ruler.
Sonic Measurement is the laser; the laser just guides you to show what you are pointing the sonar at.
Hey dude you must keep doing those videos they are amusing and you are going to straight to the point to explain the cap abilities of those devices I really enjoyed your video
Sonic Measurement is the laser; the laser just guides you to show what you are pointing the sonar at.
Hi
Exactly what YouTube has become. I’m out
You sound like Ernie off Sesame Street ??
You never checked the accuracy of the Measure King. I think we would all be interested in the outcome.
From building things with stuff you had laying around to reviewing as seen on ?? products what's next cooking with Kip?
I don't get the electric lighter. Instead of butange you have a battery which will last about the same time or less than the butane. Now if the lighter was solar where it charged from the sun and stored that in a little battery then we have something a little bit better.
the sonic measurement is the laser lol it works with the apparatus above it to calculate distance based on sound and reflection
Good call on the Beck ??
Kermit the frog reviews: AS SEEN ON TV PRODUCTS!!!
A bus is an automobile.
As seen on TV. Don't expect your tape measure to have a conversation with you, I'm no genius but a guess is its referring to ultrasonic sound waves the lazer will use to bounce off the wall.. The same way a flying bat may
Thank you ! Great job
What iphone is that
i could see the measure thing working fairly well for going around corners ONLY if your concerned about inches, but anything more precise i have serious doubts. i used digital tapes before and they are never accurate in details inside an inch . from what he showed while reviewing it, or more to the point, what he didnt show, i suspect they are just as sketchy.
Well.. the laser mode in the measuring device is using ultrasound waves (or ultrasonic) that you can't hear, same as sonar principle, and the laser is just for pointing. That's why it's called sonic measurement
Desables is a measurement of sound
Kip must've just got outa Prison. Kip's next Vid: How to Hack an Ankle Monitor
the electric lighter is actually a really cool device (I own one) BUT DO NOT TRY TO LIGHT A METAL SPARKLER STICK WITH IT OR YOU WILL BE REMINDED THAT IT IS AN ELECTRIC LIGHTER
Omg kipkay is still around?
compares a 15$ sound cube to a 1000$ phone
I definitely like the tape measure one.... But I but I wonder how accurate it would be.
Beck!
Tak lighter is a tazor sign me up
I guess this ultra sonic sensors I connect to my arduino are a complete lie :/
I see why you have so many followers! Thank you for a channel. That gives awesome information Ann no politics! THAN YOU THANK YOU THANK YOU!
on the measure King (and other tape measures like it) I've heard the laser is just for show (to give you reference to where you're pointing at) that actually does put out a sound (that we can't hear) that bounces back and that's how it gets its measurement, kind of like a bat I guess
What a legend.
Que onda guero?
Not upgrading your phone isnt a bad. If I had to use a phone I would use my galaxy s three. If you are wondering I am writing this on my samsung tablet 2. I dont 5hink I will ever want to upgrade because it is such a good tablet.
did anybody explain kipkay about sonic measurement?
As far as that Boom Cube goes, you should take into account the fact that most people who would buy that $15 speaker are also the same people that will not have an $800 phone available. They probably have a budget phone and that cube probably sounds a lot better than their phone speaker.
the tape sonic mode just means lazer look at package on amazon to see
Comments are 90% it measures by soundwaves 5% why would you buy this 5% I bought that
I don't know why you gave the antenna a bad review.  Most people live within 35 miles of a broadcast tower.  Just because you don't isn't the products fault.  My experience with as seen on tv products tells me there are probably better quality antenna's a person can buy. These products usually don't work as advertised, are a piece of junk or work good for a little while but them stop working completely.  Bell and Howard's are the worst.
I like the tape
That how it's made intro hahahaha
Hmmm...boim cube? More like the stuff they were giving away a few years back in the serbian elections...and it was weak as hell...
3:40 sounds exactly like my headphones
I remember his Satellite Dish Hacks, Where he got over a hundred of digital channels!
So glad you're back kipkay. I have to ask man, where were you these past 8 months? I was afraid you were gone forever
The last time I watched kipkay was back in 2009.
' how come america company dont make it any AS SEEN ON TV
9:44 Signal seems pretty clear to me
"Sonic measurement" really uses ultrasonic waves to measure the distance, like a bat. The laser is just for pinpointing the reference point. The measurement is NOT made by the laser.
Nice new intro, sir!
I just thought of a good insult. Just call somebody the name of a crappy as seen on tv product.
5:38 it's actually the circumference, not diameter.
Kipkay is back!
Having worked construction for years, and used a tape measure hundreds of thousands of times. I don’t think that measure king is really that useful. It’s of a tool that we like to call a “homeowners”. It’s not a real tool it’s kind of gimmicky and would be fine to a normal person that doesn’t do too much construction.
5:34 time to go for measure
3:13 it’s alive ??
Haven't seen you around for a while. Welcome back
6:58 perfect detonator
That measuring device very likely is sonic. I have used sonic level and measuring devices. Laser on it is only for the purpose of knowing the spot that you are measuring from.
“hard smoker COUGH household hacker COUGH”
Guess I’m dumb cuz I spent 1000
I cant believe how many people get suckered into buying a t.v. antenna every time it gets a new name. Yes its free t.v., the t.v. antenna has been arou d since the dawn of television it isn't new. Its even gotten my mother in law..... twice.... 2 different types.................twice
That extension cord screams fire hazard. And 1980/90s
I like the tape. Milwaukee makes a similar one, but has a magnetic tip. The one you reviewed probably costs a lot less, but most Chinese knockoffs are crap anyway. The ignighter looks like sometyhing to add to a bbq kit for lighting a charcoal grill.
you big skinky
The Measure King does use sonic measurement. The ultrasonic transducer is obvious. The laser simply indicates the target surface and has nothing to do with measurements. Are you sure that you have enough knowledge to be testing and rating these products?
The laser is just a pointer. It actually measures the distance with sound waves. Its actually how the first cameras with auto focus worked.
MagnaVision...I'm getting a headache just thinking about it.
Did you really need to explain how to charge something
good vid slow clap
I'm not allowed to watch t.v on Sunday morning anymore..
Boom cube is okay i have 3 of them
Please don't burn garbage pail kids!!!!
1:29 ??????
that is one amazing salesman's voice . probably an ex-salesman himself long time ago .
my man really forgot that ultrasound exists :(
the measure king, unless you're measuring a round object, the lazer function makes everything else redundant
The "Sonic" part of the MeasureKing IS how it measures. It sends out a ultrasonic signal (like a bat) and measures how long it takes to come back. The laser is so you know WHERE its measuring from! ;)
Lil speaker
Holy fuck it's kipkay! I forgot about your channel man!
i thought coax was as dead as my grandmother.
awesome video thanks !! i want the tape measure now . also, when you open ur blinds it looks like the Boca Raton inter-coastal . am i right ?
can you be my dad thanks
The lighter is garbage. The friggin idiots made it using plastic around the ignition source. Because nothin spells intelligent like designing a fire source out of cheap plastic!
Urrrrrrr backkkkkkkkkkkk!!!!!!!!!!!!! I ?? ????????????????????????????????
Now this is the real kip kay
if you have ever used the measure king u would throw in the trash awsome wway to get sued by an employer as in it never measures the same distance twice
The measure king is an ultrasound mesuring device ..The laser is only there to point the direction of what is being measured ..
I watch a lot of Freakin' Reviews and Vivian Tries and this popped up on my main page as a recommended video. Hope that helps you see how some people get here!
Wall E would approve of that first one
Pipsqueek lol
Glad you’re back kipkay
ohmygod i remember watching your videos YEARS ago. Glad to see you back :)
This seems like a copy of household hackers seen on TV reviews
One of the OG's!!! I remember when I used to binge watch your videos when I was 10
READ the measure king package, it said LASER GUIDED, the laser is only to guide, the sensor above it, is actually doing the measuring which is done with sonic (radar)
He's back!!
M
I tried a few different types of antennas. You know which one worked best? The wire I bent into a squared off figure 8. One end inside the coaxial cable, the other end on the outside of the cable. But... If you have hills or mountains between your antenna and the broadcast transmitter, you're screwed. Otherwise stay with the wire i described. These other antennas you buy only stop working in a few days, if that long.
4:08 more like a boob cube.
Won’t spend $1000 on a phone, but burned Ipad’s and Iphone’s like it’s nothing
beck lmao
NOW THIS IS THE REAL KIP KAY!
He’s backkkkkkkk yessss
Magna vision I had decades ago on my Game boy.
1:10 lol
smart subjects.
If you look on the packaging is says laser guide and sonic measurement so the laser is to guide you and it measures with the sonic emitter and reciver.
There IS a sonic measurement, and is cheaper and very unreliable. The laser there is just a cheap one for pointing.
Your upload schedule and content has gotten so weird.
Wtf 1:29 hahahahhahahahahah
Stop copying ashens
the boom tube must be destroyed every single one of them and if possable the asshole that thought of it.
Glad I saw that the TV gadget is useless. Planning to buy it but changed my mind.
Hey ur still alive! :))
Lol, I had a boom cube a few years ago for a speaker less mp3 player
Its shows only a pic in lidl
What good is a lighter you have to charge when the power goes out.
Da fuck is with all this packaging these days??? Every time I'm walking by the ASOTV section at the store, there's 4 times more packaging than the product needs. Ya'll seen that old psa in school? "The wrapper, the wrapper, don't let the wrapper fool you, uh huh, uh huh." Shit's getting worse, no wonder there are islands of plastic floating in the Pacific.
Yo watup
The measurement is ultrasonic, that's why you don't hear.
This is the first real ressurgance of viewers I've seen on a video of yours in a long while. Ive been subbed for a few years and this is the only video ive seen in a while that's gotten close to half a million views
I though this guy was dead. But it's nice to see one of the OG's youtubers is back
Household hacker wanna be
Im early somehow. Thank you recommendations.
I remember back in days of Metacafe before coming to youtube when you were great. over the last, long while it has gone down the hole. I hope to see you get back to your old ways.
My guy Kipkay is still in this bitch doing views. I watched him when I was 9
would that tac lighter work as a tazer also probably give you a good burn
U should stop uploading
Last name Kipp yes boy
Haha a prison lighter
That speaker would be considered as a dollar store item lol, the quality is so bad and it just looks awful! The setup is bad and they didn't even try when designing it. If only I could I'd take it down from stores and slap the guy/gal who made it
At 6:19 the measure king uses ultrasonic measurement, not laser, the laser is just a reference for you to know what it's measuring. A true laser inferometer would be very expensive and bulky.
That magnifier certainly is a joke. I remember back in the late 70's they had one for your living room TV set. That was when big screen TV's were new technology and quite expensive. So they had this Fresnel lens you stuck in front of your 19" TV to give you a bigger screen. What a joke that was. But I figured that "tape" measure and spark lighter might be something that works.
how can i stretch this video to 10 minutes?.. oh i know! spend unnecessary time unboxing the product
hello about the antenna @9:00 do you think it can improve the reception of the channels i already see?
suggesting the cigar style electric lighter, pins on a side, for easier lighting.
Then get a android
3:48 Put your phone in a glass or metal cup. Plastic doesn't work as well because it absorbs.
I'd like the lighter if it was a Lil cheaper
Hello Read more
WHERE HAVE YOU BEEN
I bought the HD antenna and had to move the TV in the garden
i havent watched KipKay sense his laser flash light video yeeeaarrsss ago but man i knew that voice the second i heard it. Long time no see ??
You misjudged all these. They all suck pretty bad.
That’s not an iPhone 8
What's with the companies putting the apostrophe AFTER "lil"? It's not a liltle, it's a little. The apostrophe goes here - Li'l.
Teri phan ni
The thing you called laser measurement is just a guide to wrere is the sonic measurer pointing. It's right on the package.
UPLOAD MORE FREQUENTLY MANE
Thanks for the video Great job
I just can't believe Americans are still working in fractions, you did, when you were five years old and then the rest of the world grew up.
Your videos are too few in between
Yep, it is sonic. That presents some issues since a surface irregularity in-between the device and the object you wish to measure can result in false readings.
sonic measurement hahaha
that make a good taser
WHERE U BEEN FOR SO LONG TOTAL FORGET KIPKAY
Tac lighter is just a big V A P E looking T H I C C taser
Kipkay please buy a bland new clean extension cord with the money you make off this video
A Samsung galaxy is also an igniter
Forgot Kipkay existed
where the heck has this guy been for the last 6 years??
It measures by ultrasonic, the laser just gives you a point to aim at - packaging even says its a laser guide...
Nobody cares if you don’t have the latest iPhone. You sound like everyone else on YouTube cept lamer.
why does it look like you copied a channel
“Fool proof shop lifting packaging”? I think any kid w/ a straight-razor in palm can get to it :)
iPhones are stinkers
i’m either going to have to move or get a really long cable. best line
You should destroy all the stinker gadgets with a hammer or something.
Welcome back
Tor Johnson star of Plan 9 From Outer Space LOL
Dude, back off the microphone a little.
Dude the sonic measurement is being made when you point the laser. The laser is just for aim purposes; otherwise, you wouldn't know what the measure king was giving you a measure of.
#householdhackerdiditfirst :)
Please do more as seen on TV gadget testing. I trust your judgement
Why didn't you check the measure king with a real tape measure but I enjoyed the video
Samsung has dolby atmos so try the speaker with a s9 please I wanna see the difference with Dolby atmos
But you always have great content for years!!
You didn't check the Measure King for accuracy and my Bell and Howell Tac Lighter didn't work for long even though it was fully charged.
The laser isn't what measures...the laser aims the Sonic measurement.
ahhh remember the days of make magazine weekend projects... Good days
Lol funniest video yet
I could sit for hours watching your cute little pup licking that toy.
Care-a-beener
kipkay now reviewing stuff from 2005
B-Tech Household Hacker
7 months later
Extension cord has seen better days..... looks like its been chewed my a miniature dog ;O) agree about the iphone comment...sheeple will be sheeple tho..
Annoying voice I’d like to stick his thumb up his rear
Those hd antennas are a joke....all of them!
Household hacker imitation
This could be a good series. Make more of this in your future videos!
Sonic sound is sonar like technology. The laser is just a guide to see where u aiming at. Tape measure
Finally back after 7 months
this would be a cool series.
My misses has a box with pink bits and fur around it.
Beck, yess
People always say I don’t wanna spend $1000 on a phone but it’s not just a phone nowadays it’s everything now!!!!
Ive always wanted to make his laser lighter
This guy is like mythbuster and how its made combined
Kinda feel like he's copying house hold hacker
10101001
Is his cat still alive? I forgot everything about kipkay.
This guy made my childhood.
I kept hearing something that sounded like morse code from the music
Measuring tape actually does use sound that uses ultrasonic sounds that sends sound at a frequency we're not able to hear toward the object and then wait until it bounces back and using a calculation to tell from how long it took it to go all the way there and bounce back to tell you how far away what you're measuring is
It is sonic, the laser is just the guide. Seems to use the same basic idea as a Infrared Thermometer. Point the laser at what you want to analyze/measure.
The laser wont measure the length of impact, its the sonic measurement
I have a boom cube!
Any viewer, serious about their Clear Vision HD, would've moved within 35 miles radius of the broadcasting antenna, immediately!
This guy still exists? Wtf
It has Sonic measurement. It just uses the laser for a guide then uses the Sonic to got the measurement.
The measure king uses something called ultrasonic sound measurement, it uses sound to measure the distance, so the laser is just a guide, therefore the ultrasonic speaker is the real measurement device, the laser is only a guide to help the user.
Re: The Measure King. The package says "Sonic Measure" and "Laser Guide" . GUIDE! The laser shows you where the sonic measure is hitting.
I’ve been watching your channel for like 6 years way before I had a yt
Hey Kipkay, I love your DIY videos very very much in the past and right now, also I'm sorry to hear your cat tux, because she was a cute cat to your videos hopefully domino will be a troubleshooter like tux so keep up the good work kipkay, keep doing awesome DIY videos ??
I have two of those HD antennas they work great at my apt..
5:34 AAAAAAAHHHHHHH!!!! ??????????????
Da Booooommmeer!
Sonic Measurement means the Laser thing. The Laser is only a guide where you pointing at but it is measuring by Sonic.
Thank you for taking from your time to review the products!
I don't know why I'm so happy that Kipkay listens to Beck
its good to see you back !!!
Just a quick note the measure king is using ultra sonics to measure the distance the led/laser is just so that you can see what you are pointing at
9:43 who is that reporter
You're still making videos?
I want to keep my iphone 8 with me forever!
Where have you been ? Its good to see back
Missed you Kipkay. Hope you're doing well and you hack these to be better.
Actually the sonic is the laser measurement, the laser just a guide for you to know where the end of your measurement
Is this the house hold hacker?
Do you take apart iPhones?
Portable electric lighters have been around for two years or more.
It probably said sonic measurement because since it's cheap, it probably uses ultrasonic to measure instead of an actual laser. The laser is there just as a guide.
Finally someone makes sense of TV products! I dont buy anything from tv
Hi
Whooo He’s Back!
What was with this 7 month hiatus?
Nice vids, see you next year!
Welcome back Kip!
Let's gooo! He's back! ????
Kipkay posts a new video. WHAT YEAR IS IT!!!!
The Clear Vision HD is just a glorified TV antenna. You're just going to get local stations, and all TV stations are digital anyways.
Why the hell would an OTA antenna be anything new and exciting needing to be considered an as seen on tv product?
legit said “yo kipkay is alive?”
welcome back kip
HE IS BACK
7 months no posts, comes back like a king
It uses sonic sound to measure when the laser is on. The laser is just so you can see where you are actually pointing the device. It uses ultra sonic sound which most people can't hear.
flex tape?
Did you actually check the "Measure King" against a ruler or tape measure? I'm betting it's inaccurate.
Tyutfggyyhggghhgg Like if you agree
Nice view
I was here October 17
Manet the ment fast when they said sonic
Wow, this man is still alive?
Good to see you back KipKay
God Kipkay, its been so many years since I last saw your super chill video. Glad you're still here man.
Isn't the clear vision illegal?
Sonic measure uses sound wit the laser. The laser tells you exactly where the sound is reflecting from.
Kipkay is back baby!
Where have you been? Thanks for uploading! :D
he kipkay your back?
Why is this in my recommended
Bruh i used to wach u when i was 5 lol
FYI sonic measurement is the technology used for the laser measurement ! the laser is just a guide what makes it work is the ultrasonic
Wow what a video I can’t contain myself
KIPKAY= THE ORIGINAL HACKMASTER
Kip! Yeah! Seems like forever since we’ve seen your videos! Glad this was in my recommended list! I had to go and check your channel to make sure there wasn’t anything I maybe could have missed lately but nope, it’s just been a bit. Anyway, i tapped that bell icon thingy for good measure and a chance to see more of my favorite kipkay content! From seeing out your window, it looks like you might be dealing with hurricane weather. Hope all is good and safe in your world!
Who the hell is tor Johnson LOL
I believe the laser is just for easier pointing. The sonic transducer is doing it's thing perhaps. Do you hear any clicking noises from it while measuring with the laser method?
Glad to see you back
I think the boom cube, and similar small speakers, are meant for MP3 file holder devices that have to be plugged into something (even if they claim it’s for a smart phone).
“Planes, Trains, and Automobiles and Buses” was one of my favorite John Candy movies.
Did you test the accuracy of the measure king? Others have tested it and it failed. None of the measurements matched and were about 10% off a normal measuring tape.
Good video
Wow cool
I've been using OTA antennas for awhile the indoor type like the one you tested are hit or miss and have a lot of variables for them to work. Also it helps if you know where the towers are.
6:31 i think its one of those ultrasonic sensors. It actually measures distance through sound by producing high (i cant remember it was in a class lol) or low frequency sound and calculates on how long did it take for the sound to travel back to the sensor. Its usually used like a proximity sensor.
Nice Dongle
I remember watching your videos from over 5 years ago omg
I t is a sonic measure. The laser is just an aiming tool. it actually uses sound to measure...
HD antennas are great. And they have ones that get better range than 35 miles. You seem like a tech savvy guy, you should know that.
U sound like Kermit the frog
Is the measure king accurate? It may give you numbers but it's useless if the measurements aren't accurate.
Time travelling to 2005?
I miss Tux
HouseHoldHacker ripoff, anyone?
Everything about this video makes it seem like it was made in 2005
how does the tacktical lighter work underwater?????
Some of these look terrible.....who thinks of these ??
Amazing keep it up
On the tape measure king, it doesn’t measure using the laser. It measures using the sound, it sends out a sound we can’t head and waits for it to bounce back. The laser is just a guide to show you where exactly you’re measuring
Thought this was a household hacker vid xD
Great video, please do more.
pop filter missing? kinda sounds like it
this guy has to have a killer kermit impression
The measure King DOES have a sonic measurement mode. It is what you called the laser mode. The laser is simply a guide. It gets the distance using sonic waves. Light waves from the laser would be too hard to calculate on something like that.
You sound like Kermit the frog
Dear people who make things...it is spelled LI'L. It makes absolutely NO SENSE to put the apostrophe at the end!
Thanks for a CLEAR explanation for every product on your table even said how secure the product was and how hard it was to open. Also I like the fact that you cut out the charging time from your video
Man, your voice ———- sounds like Max Headroom!
Your back
Could use a flat head to open the packages. That is if you know how.
5:56 did you actually double check the measurements with an normal measuring tape?
Well this is by far WAAAAYYY better then the last video I think the last video was disliked so much he removed it
boom cube is fugly.
Ok you never centred the mobile on the product and then you put it right up against it, so ofc it wouldn't of magnified it. If your gonna criticise a product, least do it the right way. I never watched on from there. i won't be watching any more of your videos as you were not impartial at any point in what i watched.
I forgot about you,nice to see you back
Oh me early
Slipknot eyeless intro for his intro lol
Remember when kipkay used to make things on his channel?
Very funny ??????
Kipkay is coming back
The laser on the measure king is so you know where it's pointing. I think it uses ultrasonic sound to determine the actual distance though.
it’s been a while since i seen a kipkay video!
40%super 60% poops
3:50 hah a loud speaker wth no bass ,wth
you sound like kermit the frog
35 mile cable. Wow
Dislikes are from failed TV products
You're back again
Did anyone else see the measure king review by freakin reviews??? (James white)
He sounds sarcastic all the way through??
My boi kipkay is back, i'm so happy
I know nobody owns testing as seen on TV products can't be owned by anybody. But the title, wording, editing style, and thumbnail are all direct ripoffs of household hacker. Think you should at least give the man some credit if you're going to copy his videos
so... where were you?
They could be talking about ultrasonic for the measuring part
Wow your back
The king has returned
I've been wanting the measure king but I've seen reviews saying it is inaccurate. Did you test that?
I missed u
2:57 anyone else got ocd about the cord not being wrapped lok
That antenna works as well as the one I got from the dollar tree. Sadly I paid $30 for an RCA one at walmart and it works just the same as my cheap one.. Waste of money.
I'm more interested in your extension/power cord being burnt on top! Why would you use that in your video? Looks like you previously almost started a fire, some spark definitely came out! Maybe your next video can be "testing power cord" because heaven knows you need a new one ??
Well done video!
Anyone else think of only one thing to measure when he said round objects
??
5:35 WTF!?!?!? ????????
Song for boomcube??
I forgot this guy exsisted.
does this thing really work!
Oh hey there kipkay
It’s been a while but glad you’re back
There is sonic measurement on the Measure King - you showed it. The laser is just the aim for you to know the point to which the distance is being measured. Measurement itself is made with the ultrasonic device, which is shown on the box.
Welcome back kip!
just going to ignore the fact that he sounds like Kermit the frog
Is no one gonna question where Kipkay been for the past 7 months
So most of those had an easy pull off back on their plastic packaging also the zippo style of thoes arch lighters are at Ross for like 5 bucks
The tac lighter wasn't a surprise to me. Its just a taser with a much smaller voltage amount. Its not hard to replicate.
Intro song?
All of this stuff is the stuff you would find at the checkout
I believe the laser is just for visual purposes, it actually measures with Sonic frequency.
Welcome back good sir
Welcome back sir
Review Flex Tape.
Kipkay, where were you all this time? Also thank you for deleting that logo video. This is a better comeback.
The laser is just a guide for the users but the measure king uses sound waves that we can’t hear to measure how far away the object you’re pointing the laser.
KBDproductions?
Oh my god, He's alive!
Youtube OG
i honestly haven't found a over the air antennae that could beat my my DIY grey hoverman antennae that i have in my attic ...
Kipkay youtube isnt dropin
Finally!
He posted!!!
The TV antenna I have has an amplifier built in which actually improves the signal very much.
Welcome back
we can actually measure distances with ultrasonic
Where u been man
Man thought u does been a while
Household Hacker copycat
Boomcube sounds way better than my jbl totally guys I recommend all ya to buy it you won’t be disappointed:)
Only Kipkay would cover a high voltage arc with water and then use it.
Household Hacker By the way(
The shorter the cable, the faster the charge I believe
Do not use the lighter when wet i got electrocuted
sonic measurement is when a burst of sound is sent out and it determines the distance based off of the delay it takes to bounce off of a surface and return to the source AKA Echo location. And the laser is there so you can see where you're pointed.
It have (sound) ultrasonic measurement, laser is only to help You aiming. BTW: ultrasonic measurement are terrible for any object that are uneven and bounce sound wave so You should be straight to object You measure, any angle will affect measurement. I have quite expensive but right now obsolete Bosch ultrasonic measure device, and after couple trials of know distance... i just understand how unreliable it is and why they move toward laser.
Mongolian Chop Squad
Haha Dongle Haha Ok I'll stop
I haven't heard from kipkay in years!
You’re know what Kipkay? I’m genuinely glad you’re back. I’ve really missed you Man. I hope you’re doing well. I’ve followed you for a long time and you’re one of my favourite channels. Here’s to you ??
IPhone is trash
The "Sonic" refers to ultrasonic measurements, think echolocation. The Sonic emitter is located right above the laser which functions purely as a visual guide. As yet we don't have the technology in that form factor to determine distance at the speed of returning photons, but we can detect the return vibration of Sonic pulses.
Really thought it was household hacker
wow 7 months no vid lol
a much longer cable? hahaha, 35 miles coaxial cable xD
the last item was funny , either get a longer cable or move within 35 miles from the signal tower , WTF. ! ????
The sonic mesurement is the One with the laser, the light is only to point the target the time sound travel give the meter the mesurement
Measure King looks like something The King of Random would make.
.... that's literally house hold hacker...the thumbnail...and the starting and... just...-3-
oh wait you aren’t household hacker... i ain’t calling you out for copying whatever do whatever you want dude i support you
Whoa I haven’t seen a kipkay video since like 2011!
#Kipkay it's a sonic measure only.... Laser is for user's guidance.... To see where he is pointing it...
Is the measure king accurate ? You didn't say the only reason for a tape measure is to be accurate
sonic measurement just measures fast like sonic?
The thumbnail gave me the idea that you found a Termite zapper.
Do more
He's back! Ah memories.
$15! For that boom cube! Wow
You sound like kermit the frog
The laser is just a guide the big circle above it is the ultra sonic sensor which sends sonic waves to something or an object and it travels back and thats how it measures a distance the laser just helps by letting you know what your pointing at.
?? It's been a loooooong dayyyyy, without you my friend??
Heyyyy, welcome back!!!
YOUR BACK!!!!
Fun viewing. The boom cube use to come as an FM radio with clock for 8.95 worked well for a knock around where you just wanted to hear news ot noise and you didn't care if it got messed up.
Been here since the days of Tux.
this guy got 20 channels on his antennae and i struggle to barely get 10.
Yeah most these HDTV antennas stink....been through a few....
HE LIVES
He’s back...
Kipkays back!? :O
Measure king sorry but the iPhone got a new measure app
Kip Kay's finally back yay
must be in florida
lil speaker yuh
Why haven't you mad a video in a long time
Been a long time
Household Hacker?
the laser is really ultrasonic sensor. Good to have you back.
I’VE MISSED THIS CHANNEL
I HAVEN'T SEEN THIS CHANNEL IN A FAT MINUTE
Wow.
That Magnavision device was in various Poundland stores in the UK a few years ago.
I FORGOT ABIUT THIS CHANNEL
Would have been nice to see the measurements using both tape measure and electronic to see if accurate
I love your voice! You low-key sound like Kermit the Frog.
Your house is situated in a gorgeous place
where is domino at
2:03 the boom cube is a stinker of you have an iPhone with no headphone jack??
jesus its been a while kipkay
On the measure King.. The Laser is just for a guide, the hole right about it emits a high pitched sound, and a small receiver picks that sound up
Oh wow you’re still alive.
i thought this was house hold hacker!!!
Does anyone else think he sounds like Kermit in some parts or is it just me?
Do a diy vape tutorial
6:29 the laser is just a guide for aiming the Ultra Sonic sensor. Hence the "Laser Guide" on the packaging. :/ So it's not missing any features
I miss when Kip used to do the Weekend Project videos for Make Magazine's channel.
Guaranteed the iPhone XS Max is way louder and better sounding than that cube thing.
Depending on where you are the antenna will be great or horrible
wait 15 dollars for the boom cube but it doesn't come pre-charged?
Youre literly copying everything houshold hacker does.
#bringbacktheoldkipkay
Anyone remember the metacafe days of kipkay?
Measure king does have sonic measure if I know right...it doesn't use laser to measure distance it just shows where it measures to...it uses sound still to measure
hey havent seen this guy in bit
Just get a 350€ phone to film in 4k. Could you test masturbation devices for men?
Hi Kay, how about the electronics behind this things?
You're black
dude your BACK if you pin this i will be sooo happy
Thank god we are glad you're okay
KIPKAY!!! Welcome back dude!
Wtf this guy is still alive
This guy is still around?
7 months break and no hi where have i been? lol
It's called 'sonic measure' since it uses ultrasonic sensor to measure distance (like hc-sr04, laser is just for the guide to point at target. This is common misconception with measuring devices using laser pointers as a guide. Even in those non-contact thermometers laser pointer below the actual sensor is just used to point at targets (they use ir sensor to measure actual temperature).
What ever happened to the diy tech side of YouTube I remember watching Kipkay 5 years ago and would get so exited because of lasers
@kipkay Good one. I mean your pun, (Busses- Bust). I need to get a life... Hahahahaha
I will say that something that wasn't tested but shown in the intro, the boomtouch speaker, the black round speaker shown on the tv in the intro, does work as advertised and is a very neat and effective cheap speaker. But, the volume is louder when using the audio reception amplification rather than the. 3.5mm headphone jack.
Stolen from household hacker? Testing seen on TV gadgets, ok. Trying to make the same funny comments, cringe
I love the 3in1 ruler but why dont you test the correct of it? Maybe the result not correct because it is digital and digital is not 100% correct as real ruler, should compare between real ruler and this gadget
I bought it for 1$ in India
Tested? Lol. You didn’t even compare the tape measurer with a normal one to make sure the readings are accurate hahahahaha, the lighter, you lit a candle lol, didn’t even test it with anything else, like a fire or a bbq etc
6:58 is that a juul?
It's ultrasonic
$15.00 for a boo cube. I bought an 808 thump for $13.00 and is way louder, and produces pretty good bass for the price.
We can use the fresnel lens to burn stuff with the sun!
You should know, that the "Sonic measurement" is the ultrasonic measurement. It doesn't have cool sound. Phew...
The lighter. I bought one after about 100 uses the tips wear out and stop arcing. So dont buy it.
My gf picked up a little blue tooth speaker the size of that boom cube except hers is a cylinder but about the same size. I expected it to be junk but it actually had great sound and last about 8 hours at full volume. Only down fall is you cant type while using the speaker. U have to pause the music or video then type. Idk if it's a feature. But it can be annoying but for 20 bucks it's a great little speaker
<3
Good to see ya
Good to see u after a looooooooonngg time
Switch over to an Android phone bluh. Don't settle for less with a sheep iPhone
This guy is to nasally
But if you move you will save $100s a year....
Wooooow, kipkay got sassy since his last video! Like seeing your personality come out in the videos. Seems like you genuinely enjoy it more
There is a measurement by sound,You can even buy some Arduino ultra sonic measurement sensors online
On the lighter, as one of the evil smokers out there, I was disappointed. It's really hard to get a cigarette to the arc to light it. It's great for burning other stuff though. Welcome back, was pleasantly surprised to see a Kip Kay video in my feed.
Finally
Long time no see my friend
Hey make more videos
9:43 check out those channels! ??
I believe (and could be wrong) the laser on the tape measure is just meant to aim it. The measurement is being taken with sound. So the sonic measurement claim may be valid.
Your content's underrated. I've been watching your stuff for about 5 or 7 years now and not only have you made cool things/taught me about soldering and stuff, but your videos are entertaining as all hell. More!
Magna vision we used to put things like that on our gameboys back in the 1990s didn't work any better then than now apparently
Measure king is the most redundant thing I had ever seen in my life... -here's 3 ways of doing the same thing... Especially the wheel and normal tape measurement, why? Why not just roll OR use it as a normal tape measure? Seems redundant... And that Taclighter, why not just get a normal arc lighter that is 1/5 of the size and does the exact same stuff? it's needlessly over-sized for no reason
What was the diameter of Tor's head?
The measure king is using sonic measurement. The laser is simply a guide for the tool. It pings a sound, detects when that sound bounces back to the tool, then measures the time and converts that to distance.
Yeeeeeeeeeeettboiiiiiiiiiiii
The tape measure is not accurate
OMG KIPKAY!! I haven’t seen a video from you in forever!!! I’m glad you’re ok!
@ 8:15 - "noooooooo!! Not stinking Steve" I remember my brother ripped my card because I told my mom he was playing donkey Kong when he ain't do his homework..
I would just like to clarify, no he's not copying household hacker he was doing this long before them but still there are hundreds of product review channels so please stop being so rude oh and It's great to have you back kip!
Omg Kipkay is still a thing!
Glad to see you posting again!
If you don't mind can you please make a video of what really happened to Tux the cat
You mean Circumference not Diameter.
the laser is just a visual guide for the sonic sensor above the laser
You should post more often
Copy cat
Been a subscriber ever since day one on kipkay. Love this YouTuber.
That's not a magnesium that's a ferro rod
youu aree backk yey
You still upload till this day thats cool
So you copying Household Hacker?
Did you check the accuracy of the measure device?
Great video! :]
Alright everyone will see you in 7 months again.
Check the accuracy of the measuring tool! I saw another video on it and it failed in all modes compared to a regular one, especially over some distance, even just 25 feet.
?? I have been subscribed for 9 years
Thanks for returning
We miss u! Come back!
09:42 best part of this video
Yooo what, this guy's still alive?!
You're alive!?!?
Thank you for the reviews on some of these As Seen On TV products, I'd questioned some of these products... would like to see you do more
The laser is for guiding the sonic measurement
He's not ??!
That news reporter was very hot though. @ 9:43
It's been a while
yeah now.. not previous post??
This channel has been around since 2006? I remember seeing you years ago. I feel like you should have at least 5 million subscribers.
Just stick your phone in a cup. And that measure King Is a tool that's made in China, plus my grandfather's measuring tape doesn't require batteries. I'd say no thank you.
You sounded like you were forced to make this video.
Oh you are alive. I still remember watching your laser videos and that cat when i was like 13 years old, i am almost 23 now Edit: fixed age.
You sound like Kermit the frog
Matthias did it 1st
I think that the "laser" mode in the measure king is an ultrasonic distance meter (like the parking sensor of a car) with a laser pointer for aiding the "aim"
You're definitley onto something here.
#householdhacker
Damn. I've been watching this channel since I was in middle school and I'm not too far from graduating college. Kip takes me way back ??
Yay! He's back
The measure king uses sonic not laser for the distance the laser is just a guide to see where its pointing at. to test this you could use a clear object like a window or something a laser guide would read past the window but the sonic would not
The problem is not you Kipkay, the problem is the internet has already done everything. There's just not much left to discover especially on YouTube. But the good news is, there's always the kittens playing piano. Meow meow. The unboxing was good it's nice to have this information. But you cannot test the antenna unless you were closer.
Brain, hand and eyes are the best portable gadgets in the world.
Hi dude
I subbed to your channel when I was a little kid for all the spying and fun projects you use to make but now you just do unboxings and stuff please do a diy or a neat project
Please just go back to Arduino videos....
Kip wtf happened to your videos I want more cheapy lighter laser burners not product reviews Edit: like so Kip can see!!!
Why ice cream smile ?
very cool Kipkay i love this video
The best product was the pair of scissors
The Sonic measurement did work. The laser is there so you know what the Sonic part is measuring up to.
Nice. Good to know.
Hey you stil life
Omg hes back
Thought you abandoned the Youtube platform. Where have you been? Thought you may of gotten a real job and not this Youtube stuff.
its likely the laser is just a pointer. the measurement is sonic, same as your cars. its much cheaper than measuring the laser. also others tried how accurate it was and it wasnt great
Ur backk
welcome back????
He's alive????????
Where you been?
Is this lowkey copying house hold hackers "as seen as TV" videos? Lol
Its been to long
Woot!!! Good stuff, keep it coming!
Woah hes back it's been so long
Mesure King is really cool!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 10/10 ??????????
Is that ur face or a mask ?
Your alive!
Welcome back!
This video giving me 2007 vibes
On the measure king, the sonic read is what you referred to as laser. Yeh, it shoots out a laser to point with, but the distance is most likely done by ultrasonic pulses in the same way sonar works.
My phone is better then your phone
I immediately bought the measure king during your video ! Thanks !
U r coping house hold hacker
Finally something better
It been a long time. Welcome back
So, did you move? :)
Great! Nice to see that Kipkay is back!
How the hell are ya, Kip? Long time no see.
Lol that cube is pimpin
LOL APPLE PEASANT
ur back
boom cube speaker is so small and the fatal flaw was mono aural, single speaker in layman's terms.
How can you not upload for 20 years and the come back with a video half the "tech" channels are doing?
where have you been?
after a long time...
Finnnnnnnaalllyyy!!!! A video
very entertaining channel in youtube big thumbs up for me.
I didnt even know this channel still existed
cool
Reading glasses? I would use it with my phone to make text messages larger. That is what I do with two different magnifying glasses.
If you wana upgrade to a better phone buy a Samsung !
Nice
Who de fook is dat guy
entertaining. would buy the lighter though
It wasn't a laser measure. It uses ultrasonic waves to measure the distance and the laser is just a guide so you know what your measuring
Better then your last one.
Happy to see u again.
Kipkay....i forgot you existed...
Wheel measurement feature on that tape measure was cool.
Do more of these kinds of videos
Great video kipkay! Been part of your audience for years!!
Could of at least tested how accurate the measurements measure King are giving.
really wonder why you dont just return back to DIY things...
Refreshing. I miss your videos.
Reminds me of Dr who electric screwdriver :)
You listen to beck?
kipkay lives !!!!!!!!!!!!!
Just here to drop my dislike
It is ultrasonic. The laser is just for aiming.
Yay you got a dog
7:46It looks like a Vape pen
go back to how you were :/
Yeah those lighters work to a point. Some items are difficult to ignite if larger than the distance between the contacts. Work like a taser, & will burn & shock Ur skin.
Alive!!!!
...yeah, I'm thinkin kip's back
You should post more often
Lil' Speaker is my favorite rapper.
MEASURE KING HAS A LASER GUIDE, IT MEASURES WITH SONIC CLICKS... LEARN TO READ
Dam i forgot I was subscribed to this channel??
Oh shi
Hey look Down here ??
HE IS BACK like if u had the same reaction
Wow kipkay is still around, I've been watching him since I was 10
It is sonic, that's how they measure the distance without the cord or roller. The laser is just for you to see where are you pointing, the measurement is actually taken by sound. It emits one sound, and then counts how much time has passed when it reaches the device
should have tested the measure king against a tape measure. i saw a review on another channel of that and they did test it and it wasn't very accurate, off by several inches sometimes when they measured the same distance with a normal tape measure
ur alive?
From their look and build quality I assume these products were designed in 90s and made in China, their production cost is about couple dollars or less.
I have a speaker as small as that it's loud with ok bass and it has Bluetooth
2033 anyone?
You Made A New Video! How Exciting!!!
Oh, he doesn't know about measurement by sound?
I like this
Kipkay seems so rude in this video. Just the way he is talking doesn't seem fitting of his previous videos.
I was going to say that I hope you make all the money back through this video. But I suspect you purchased these so you could scavenge them for some cool future projects. Looking forward to those! welcome back!
it says right on the package, the laser is the guide for the sonar.
someone needs a pop filter on the mic.. so the boom cube will quit booming my sterio
What iPhone is that?
Uh... welcome back?
For $60-100, you set up a REAL antenna, outside ABOVE your home....and get around 50+ miles easy..With a booster...even better.
So glad to see you're back Kipkay
Nice dongle kip
Finally a real video.
I had totally forgotten about this channel
Love these kind of vids brother
Actually, the Measure King does use sonic for measurement. The laser is just for targetting.
I remember watching kipkay videos amost 10 years ago, it was some of my favorite channels back then
the tiny cube
when will there be more diy projects?
that laser is doing nothing more than give a rough idee where you are pointing. the measuring is done ultrasonic
Hi kipkay
Essentially a taser at lower voltage
Big fat stinker!
Oh wow it's kipkay...cool
The sonic mezurement iz the laser mezurement. The laser is just a laser pointer
Sonic sound measuring is a real thing thoe.
Magna vision would probably make a great fire starter. You should have tried it.
I did not think Kipkay would enjoy that genre of music! Mind blown LOL
Your back :D
whoa a kipkay video! btw i do think that measure king is using sonic measurement in the form of ultrasound. really cheap so why not? bit inaccurate mayby
That's the kipkay I was looking for! I'm glad your back.
you are back :D
Keep em coming kip Kay love the content
As seen on tv is all junk, don't believe what you see on tv. Its all about the money
I would rather strap my Flip4 to my Keychain than that little chinesium monstrosity of Money waste.
Why does it feel your videos are from a decade ago? ??
I can guarantee that the "Measure King" have "sonic measurement", it measures length with ultrasonic pulses (like bats do). It does NOT measure with the laser, the laser is only an aide to aim it to the surface you want to measure distance to. Depending on your hearing you should be able to either hear or at least record the chirps it makes when measuring.
I have a tesla lighter like that, just looking like a smaller zippo :) I love it, 6packs of ciggys for a 1 hour charge :)
I missed you Kipkay!!! I watched you soooo much as a kid :D And is till love your voice!
Been a long time no see, glad you're back.
That Tac-Lighter looks crazy handy. Seems like it should be mandatory in survival kits. :D
Omg, tacklighter lights by plasma, that's really cool!!
Damn, its been a minute kay, how are you?
Hey kipkay, when was the last time you washed your extension cords from all that dirt? :) LOL
You get a big fat stinker for lack of activity Kipstar!! ??
You have to finish your education... read about Doppler effect and radars. You could just search the Ebay and find a million arduino modules that measure distance using ultrasonic method. Don’t show yourself as a fool and don’t tell unsupported lies to your subscribers!!!
For the measure king tool when you mentioned sonic measurement I don't think it means it measures length but sound in decibels
That magnifier thing... should just use as a mini solar concentrator instead. Maybe boil water with it?
Who picked up some subtle dirty jokes
The measure king laser is just as a guide. It probably uses SODAR to get the distance
I though it was Household Hacker until the video start...
Lol I miss when you were relevant
And you put Taras Kul into the tags. What a scumbag
The lord had returned?
YAAAAY
????
Kipkay may I ask where you got the name for your dog? My guess is Derek Jeter. I'd get the magnavision and use it to burn stuff like in your solar death ray video you made. It's just a fresnel lens. I have a bunch of those little Boom cube speakers, one I carry on me and a few more are kicking around some taken apart for the amp or batteries. Would like to find more of these. I have the Measure king and I like it a lot. The so called sonic sound from the sonic measurer is real, I have a similar device by Ryobi and I CAN hear the noise it makes it's a soft clicking sound. I have a bunch of the Tac arc lighters, I plan to either make a bug zapper racket from hell or a lantern with the HV boost circuit in these lighters so that's why I bought a bunch of them. As always Kip thanks for the videos and inspiring me to do my own projects. And welcome back we missed you.
Kipkay, Please do everyone a favor and go back into hiding.....thanks.
Thank You for the stinker warnings !
I have 2/5 products that are similar. The TV antenna and the lighter.
Nice Household Hacker ripoff lol
I think the Measure King might actually have sonic measurement. It would seem the laser is just for targeting the area the sonic transducer is pointed toward. It's basically the same as a backup sensor on a car which would be much cheaper than trying to measure optically with the laser.
most of the OTA antennas are directional. This means you need to place them facing the direction of the signal to get the best result, Check the HD antenna websites for broadcaster locations in your area to get the proper angle. Even a few degrees can make a big difference.
Omg??
I'm disappointed you use a iPhone ??
So, KipKay is alive. Ahh the early days of YouTube..
Wait the boom tube is not bluetooth compatible?
That Measure king thingy. Sonic measurement is Cheaper, and so its more Common. The laser is there to trick some people into thinking that this is a better Laser Measuring System. It uses some sort of ultrasound (I think.)
The Freakin' Reviews Channel Compared the Measure King against real measuring tapes and found that it was very inaccurate and inconsistent. Just because the devise gives you a readout, doesn't make it accurate. You should go a little more in-depth before giving it the ole thumbs up there Kipkay. ??
These videos are so much more entertaining if you pretend Kermit the frog is talking.
The Daddy of youtube DIY is back!
How did this guy get 2.6m subs?
sonic because look up sonic proximity sensors and etc, there is a way to measure distance with sound, that's what sonar is for. Edit: happy to see you are back and doing videos.
The laser is the sonic measurement.... how else do you think it's measuring distance? With the laser? LOL
Great Video!
Oh my good Lord it's kip
My boy!
sonic cause the laser is just pointing but it's some ultrasonic sounds to measure no ?
Regarding the claim of sonic distance measurement, they mean ultrasonic. You used to do all the arduino kits, you know this KipKay. The laser is just for alignment.
Hey your back! I always dig the videos!
omg thought he passed away.
Nice
Awesome work!
Early grate work as always
Tried so hard to hit that 10 min xD
Early grate work as always
.
37th
I doubt kipkay will heart this comment and reply to it
33th
Hi kipkay
Did you take this from household hacker or did you so happen to have the same idea? Though household hacker might also have gotten it from someone else.
Hi , Where were you at????? Miss your vidsss
1:30 That face made me laugh
Hey kipkay, I've been watching you for 8 years, and the content never gets old
Kipkay inventions are the must be seen on TV
One of the original DIY on youtube
k-kipkay? could this be real? he's alive?
7th
I'm a utuber n a big fan
Notification Gang!
2nd!
Do one for halloween
EARLY BOI !!!
Never clicked so fast
See you next christmas
Yes you upload
long time no see!!
Hi
I hope you enjoyed this As Seen On TV TESTED video. If you liked it, let me know and I will make more! - Check out my series of Gizmos 'N Gags videos too. bit.ly/GizmosNGags Thanks for watching! ??
The Hue 2 ambient and Hue underglow kits are beautiful. Definitely glad I checked this channel out, wouldn’t have seen some of these products if I hadn’t.
Avoid those Audio Technia headphones, they are made cheap as fuck. I had them for like 2 weeks before the plastic pieces started to break, and I'm not rough on my headphones. If you want a quality headset go and buy a pair of HyperX Cloud II's
Gimme dat stream deck mini pweez I would really love it
Very blue setup and shirt lol
What game is he playing when he is talking about the light strip?
Hue2 looks great
Why do you pronounce GIF like that?
The Yeti Nano Is So Cool I Would Love That Lucky
The nano sounded ok, but for $100 bucks there are probably some better pics out there. I advise anyone interested head over to a channel like podcastage that do dedicated mic reviews. You'd be surprised how cheap it can be to nab a good sounding mic. However, they aren't always USB mics, which means you may need a day of some sort to get them hooked up to your PC.
Damn that mic is want I need
Can anyone tell me what his mouse is? I know its custom painted, but what is the model? The mouse on timestamp 4:36
The Yeti Nano Mic is absolutely beautiful. The compact size and incredible performance are exactly what most streamers or content creators want and need.
What is your monitor?
Love the mic prolly gonna get it good vid homie
I love the stream deck so muccccchhhhhh!
That blue yeti sounds almost like your mic that you use
I really like the stream deck! I'm a new streamer, and will be upgrading my PC soon, and this seems like it would make streaming a heck of a lot easier
Hello Frank how long have you been wareing glasses an also how do the open cup headphones feel with glasses cheers for the video ????
Totally the Omni Surround AMP/DAC. I've been a sucker for those things from the beginning. Just couldn't afford it.(yes I'm poor. Student live you know)
Idk how I missed this vid but I’m back for it ??
I love that Stream Deck mini. I could really use something like that. I'm planning on starting out here on the Youtubes myself and I love this channel because I keep seeing tech that I don't have that could already make my life easier
Wow that blue mic is a must have
What game is he playing?
5:25 that run and gun hurts my eyes lol You're better than that!
Is the ad700x good for small heads? Please notice mee
Hi, this channel I believe covered once a cellphone accessory that you would put on the back and it would stick on most flat surfaces, but my Google fu hasn’t helped me. Does anyone know what it’s called?
Useless shit really. Except the blue yeti and headphones.
Aaaaaaaaa the best product!!!!! #hue2ambient
Loved this channel bout a year ago. Glad to see it pop up back in my feed!
Really love the stream deck but it kinda expensive for editor Been using razer keypad but couldnt remember the key on it Streamdeck is a blast with those mini display really love them
Are there any products similar to the HUE out there? which will do the lighting that goes with getting the hit markers and such? that HUE 2 is getting really bad wrap online with your HDD
After just starting to learn audio production it’s cool to see a well known mic that is cardioid as well as omnidirectional. Pretty cool tech
could you use the sound blaster for console
I love the NZXT hue 2 Ambient, I feel it is kind of targeted to the specific usage which is quite concise.
Should I get the HyperX Cloud II or the Sennheiser GSP 300?
Hey Frank! Do you have a suggestion for a pair of over ear headphones that won't create pain due to glasses? I really want over ears, but all that I've tried squished my ears to much, and now I'm basically stuck with in ear.
Hue 2 ftw!!
Yo
Hey are you doing a giveaway this month, if so I would like the headphones. The reason I would like these because I want to try to get back into gaming and I only have a 17$ headset
Who else thought that the first part was a sponser
Those headphones look amazing! safe for ears too compared to the in-ears that I have now, look very comfortable and AT is known for great sound quality^^
got that omni surround amp, and its actually really good.
How do you live with yourself? Every one of your subscribers is broke because of you.
So cool!!
Hey Frank. My monitor only has one HDMI, and I have a PS4 and a Nintendo Switch. I don't like having to unplug HDMI from one to the other when i want to play one. Is there anything i could buy to fix this issue? I was thinking something i have both plugged into, and i could switch between the two. Thanks in advanced.
Can I use the stream deck with my PS4?
A smaller Yeti model??? Thank you for showing me this. I have been wanting to get the regular Yeti but I felt like it was way too big. As long as the nano has the same recording quality, I will probably pic that up when I have the extra cash.
Clint from LGR also reviewed these for anyone who could care
I love these types of videos because I’m constantly having issues finding gifts for people under a certain price point. It’s so hard finding gifts for guys (in my opinion). This makes my task 100x easier.
£35 for underglow lights? I just bought 5 meter led strip and molex connecter to do the underglow effect cost me £4 ????
Just realized I've been watching one of your videos a day, not on purpose. Fine, I'll subscribe.
Which mouse do you think is the best for a budget gamer?
omni amp is a big no go fyi, the quality is great but the mic will randomly disable and not pick up your voice... so you have to go into your input audio settings and re-enable to get it to start working... can be frustrating at times cause it will just happen out of no where and ill be talking to my friends not realizing my mic isnt working.
That backlight kit is not getting good reviews and has comments on the website they it thrashes the hard drive constantly and will not work when playing certain games tested or won't run at all on full screen mode.
My wallet hates this channel I bought every product on this list ffs I’ve also bought like every product on every other one of these videos ??
Does anyone knows if the "Omni Surround AMP/DAC" improves mic quality? Logitech has a very good DAC/AMP (headphone wise) but does a terrible job on the mic side.
I love that they downsized the yeti, makes it so much better than having a massive mic sitting in front of you.
I love your vids man. I would really like to get the stream deck. It would be a perfect gift. But the bleu mic would awesome as well. Keep it!
you shaved your hair :D
Ur beautiful if your reading this
hmmm...
Hey, was wondering what brand ur little white alarm clock is?
I would like to have the mic, because i game with friends and i need a better mic and i want to make some music, a good mic would be useful
0:53 Trust me, you don't want to be in the middle of the battlefield!
Don't buy the Yeti mic, buy blue snowball ice. It is just as good and much cheaper. Also sounds better imo.
Love the shirt lol
This guy looks like a Breton from the Elder Scrolls
Does it have a optical cable for the audio dac?
I’m definitely getting that yeti nano looks awesome
Yo I couldn’t tell which mic was mic when you tested your camera mic and the yeti
shit your eyes looks cool
i need that mic ??
question about those headphones for anyone who has them or knows about that style, would the "open back" help stop my ears from getting so hot? i know that sounds like a daft question, but i had to stop wearing my cloud x 2's as after just a few mins of playing it felt like my ears and the whole area the headphone sat on was boiling hot. Also it's so fucking annoying when i hear they're "only $75" so i think "oh that should be pretty cheap in £'s then" only to look at them on amazon uk and find they're not $75 converted to £, they're in fact £96
AD500X I really love your vids keep up the good work and i wanted it cause I don't have good headphones
So cool tech this month is just for pc users or what?
Bought the DAC after this video and has fixed the RealTek HD audio problems I've been having since creators update. My edifiers sound better than ever! Thanks Frank!
instead of stream deck mini, you can use an app called deckboard (app on your phone, old 1, since most of us got atleast 1 old smart phone we done use) and if you want it bigger, get a cheap android tabled to 30usd, and a stand, for cheaper.
The Audio-Technica are amazing!
You should try the Status Audio headphones
Christmas is to far away
Ive been using the AD500X for over a year now. Excellent sound quality and creates great sound presence with music.
This is perfect just I just started doing streaming
Congratulations Elgato. Seeing you sell a mini version made me buy the regular version. My hopes of them just selling too much and it getting over saturated went downhill fast lol.
Who else couldnt afford a single thing off of this list lol
I thought I’d shine some light on the Sound Blaster Omni. The microphones on there are more meant for making your current mic setup sound better. The Omni has a few mic features for focusing its sound, and reducing noise and it does help a lot. I sit right next to my AC and when it’s running you can’t even hear it when I’m talking on discord thanks to this feature.
Superlux HD681 are a better choice instead of the ATH AD500 for sound stage quality and treble balance. And much cheaper too
Do a monthly top PS4 tech under $100
Not enough spook 2/10
You should do a, perhaps one-off, alternative of this series called cool tech under a million dollars. Obviously not buying it but examining a few very, very expensive examples of really cool tech that could rival what you usually have in these videos.
Love the mic
I’m not the biggest fan of nzxt hue, I have some fans and the CAM software interferes with some other games causing it to crash, just a heads up. Maybe they’ve gotten better but it was a pain for me a few months ago. Can you make a video for some tv accessories? I was wondering if there’s any great gear for switching inputs to the tv that work well and look cool. Thanks!
I love those AD500X! I was actually looking to get a new pair off headphones, would be nice if i won
Then Soundblaster Omni is really good, Iv had mine for 4 years.
Just a PSA for the first 2 items... The headset has a bunch of static and it's cord is such a low quality.. and the blue yeti nano basically requires you to spend another $100 if you want to use it properly.. I suggest buying the YETICASTER from blues website.. A guy who bought the first 2 items after watching this video and is now refunding them
His eyes ;-; i want em
the sub-surface scattering is turned up to high.
Take a shot whenever he says open back
People need to stop buying these shitty dacs and usb/1/8th inch mics and just get an audio interface. It's so much better for around the same price. Get an xlr microphone like the big boys use and plug your headphones into the audio interface. Stop focusing on the gimmicky gamer focused DACs
THATS A SEXY BLUE SHURT MATE
About the Sound Blaster Omni card. I have been using it for a year and a half now. It replaced my previous sound card, Sound Blaster X-Fi Surround 5.1 Pro as the main drive, although I still use it for sound input for Discord, Skype and TS on my main mixer board when I am streaming or recording. But anyway, back on the Omni now. It is an amazing piece of tech and it is highly recommended. While I mainly use the RCA connections to send the signal to my mixer board, when I am traveling I use it to drive my AKG K 240 Mk2 and it drives it like a champ! I even tried some other studio monitors (can not remember the models) by Sennheiser and Audio Technica that a friend of mine owns, and it still could drive them with ease. On the plus is the RCA output in the back, the optical out in the back as well, and something that was not mentioned: it has a remote control that you can use to control the sound, but also using the arrows you an move your mouse cursor on your screen(s). You guys should try it, you won't regret it. ~Valk.
What shooting game was that?
What shooting game was that?
dOnT yOu MeAn SpOoKtObEr
Just purchased the 900x Excited to finally try them out!
What was that product that you reviewed a while ago where it's RGB lights you can put on the back that syncs with games not this one there was another one. Anyone help?
He said gif and not jif. Unsubscribe....
Why do you always end your sentences as if you're going to continue a run on? Just end your sentences with a period... You end them with commas.
That stream deck would be so convinient because it would ve so easy to manage all your stream settings etc... i wish i had money lol
hey wassup guys, its randomfrankp I have that stuck in my head
Sir Frank, can you send me the Audio Technica??? I want them to game with... Okay, thanks ????
What camera are you using?
So close to 1.000.000
I really want that NZXT Hue 2 Ambient glow thingy for my setup
He's hot ?? ?? ?? ?? ??
good video but i still think the mini stream deck is a joke the og stream deck gives you 15 buttons for 150 bucks its a way better deal
Hue2 is just a worse version of ambilight. Møre expensive too.
what would you recommend headphone wise: corsair hs50 or AD500X. I would be using them for a bit of music listening and gaming.
I would like to let anyone know who is looking to buy the Audio technica open back headphones they are amazing *But if you have a small head you may experience some discomfort by the headphone pad hanging somewhat on the top of your ear but this can be fixed by just having a hairband in between the two headpads @Pros Great sound stage Good bass Highs and lows are balance Comfortable Pads are easy to clean @Cons For long play sessions pads may get sweaty Noises in environment you will still hear Pads are prone to catch dandruff if you have a lot of dandruff If you have a cardiod mic or a mod mic audio may be picked up by the mic if audio is loud ***I have been using these headphones both the 700 and 1000X for 1 year now and love them very great for the price
I would love the headphones because I want to increase my gaming experience but dont have the money to do so
So tired of the tiktok ads ??
I LOVE the steam deck but haven't had the cash to upgrade my setup recently. The stream deck is awesome because I edit videos as a hobby as well as play some games that it would really help with.
Yeti nano mic was my fav
That Yeti nano is perfect for me as i have a small desk and my mic right now is some cheap £10 one. Shame I can’t afford it!
Streaming stuff really helps me, thx
Can you make a video on your pc?
The Hugh Too.
I had the same CPU cooler he has it leaked
Hey Random FP Been watching this channel for a while now and have to say the content is dope. Personally for me I love the hue2 and think it would take my pc setup to the next level. Peace.
Be very, and I can't stress this enough, WEARY when you hear reviewers/unboxers throw out the word "Audiophile" go to channels which specialize to that kind of gear or risk buying duds and end up costing you more money...
i have that amp and its shit on win10 some times i need to reintall it orr take usb kabel out 2 times before i here eny sound
Can you use the yeti as a mic for fortnite or not
that hue2 would be awesome, i think i might buy it on black friday
Omni Surround Amp/dac because I have always wanted something like this
What monitor is that?
Wel ok but What About Most Useful tech under price point because this it idk
I've been using the soundblaster omni for a few years. Best purchase I've made. Even used the decent built in mic for a while. But it works amazing as a DAC.
Cool PC tech under a 100 dollars
Good vid but idea stolen from LTT big time
His eyes are memerizing..
I hate you. So earnest and slow and deliberate. Tool
Does he use a green screen
I love thos AD500X. I've been eyeing them for a bit haha. Great video, Frank.
Btw the company is called creative, not sound blaster, sound blaster is the product line
i love the stream deck I think that would be a great addition to my twitch channel and really help make streaming go a lot smoother.
Hue2? I love that band!
I want that Hue 2 ive really needed some more colour for my setup lol
I love the stream deck because it has support for a lot ot things
Please turn the audio in the background up, its too quiet to hear unless i have the volume all the way up and it just sounds like two balloons rubbing together...
5:32 monitor please
OMG THAT MICROPHONE IS SO NICCCE
"Typically with open-back headphones you tend to lose a lot of the bass and some of the higher end frequencies just because audio is being dispersed outward" lolwut. Not sure if you understand how open-backs work there buddy. Frank, love your videos, but you need to listen to some more phones. I'll let you start from Audeze LCD-2's for what planar bass sounds like and AD-2000x's (big brother version of the AD500x you're showcased) for what clarity in higher frequencies sound like.
I'd have to say my favorite product in this video is a tie between the Yeti Nano mic and The NZXT Hue 2 lighting. Both are things I need for my setup! Once I'm no longer a broke college kid maybe I'll be able to upgrade to some good gear haha
Oh I'd really like the elgato mini! SO COOL!
Will all the episodes from now on be under $100 or back to $50?
Which were the winners for last month?
Damn, the blue yeti nano would go so well with my setup! Looks like a real good mic
do the ad500x work with glasses I have this problem with my headphones
What's the monitor where he's showcasing nzxt hue2
What is that monitor?
I'm loving the Omni Sound AMP/DAC. I have my setup in my bedroom and when it gets late it's annoying to have to exit out of full screen for a game and change audio to my headphones. I feel like this is a simple but nice solution.
Everytime I see one of these episodes it costs me money. This time, looks like it cost me a Yeti Nano...and yes, I'm blaming you randomfrankp. Lol.
Next episode cool tech under $900
Ad500x is my fav nice review btw
hey randomfrankp, I'm just wondering and these questions may be very personal, what's your occupation? What's your profession? How'd you climb all your way to get a great gaming rig? It's like I wanna be like you or at least near close as you. if you want your answer to be private here is my email: emman.cardano@gmail.com
8:15 Please dont bite your nails :(
What kind of desk do you have and where can I buy one of those?
Is it possible to turn optical audio into digital audio with that omni thing?
0:57 Does that mean if im talking to friends on discord while gaming using a desktop mic, are they gonna hear my Audio? (I do tend to turn my volume up pretty high)
Would really like to know where you got your desk
Openback headphones, great for everything except porn and that's a deal breaker for me
Buy a 400 dac/amp to hear some kid yell about how he banged your mom. Lol
Thank you I’m buying the mic and the open back head phones
I think that I like the mic the best because it’s a nice little mic for pretty darn cheep and I need a mic
Less than 30$ please
Im going to by all of the audio stuff
i was looking for a new mic and the yeti nano seems perfect
That color thing for in games is really cool, although nothing new. I've seen fan setups that blow air at you based on in game conditions. But hardly any games support it unfortunately. Far Cry is the only one I can think of.
Did he announce last months giveaway winners? Is it on Twitter?
the nano mic looks so cute
Audio is all of for me
I keep wondering, where did you get your desk?
What game is that? 5:39
I like under 100.
4:55 nice ghost cube there
mmmh probably going to buy the Omni Surround ^^
Hey Frank, gotta say this new camera is looking ??
When you use the Blue Yeti you sound great, but I ordered one and people tell me it sounds awful. Ive got the same position as you in the video and Ive tried both settings with no luck.
I would have to say that the yeti nano mic is probably my favorite product because it’s a pretty good desk microphone. It sounds pretty good and will fit in right with my setup ( which currently is pretty crappy). Plus I already bought a wireless headset that doesn’t have a mic so I could really use one of those.
Audio-Technica makes some insane products! Great video
I liked the omni surrond dac
What game is that??
What game was that he was playing when showing off the led on the back of pc
How big is your desk? I might try to make ut
I've been eyeing those AD500s hahaha. Good thing you just so happened to include them in your new list lol
I say my favorite is the stream deck mini. I wanna get one, but by being a smaller streamer idk if it’s worth the investment at this time.
I would like to give a little idea for saying the prices: Why not have a little thing somewhere on the screen, showing the prices for different currency's? Like the main 3 would be US, Canada and Australia, you obviously would mean under 100 in US, but it would help people to just have a quick glance on what they're interested and how much it would be for them.
For under $100 the yeti nano sounds amazing
I don't think that headset should be considered as a "cool tech"
I wonder if i can use the sound blaster on my ps4 or xbox.
wow that amp and dac looks sexy...i need one
make more animtion it will make the videos nicer to look
That amp and dac looks sweet! I've been looking for an amp for my desktop under $100 for a while now and that fits the bill nicely... besides the black and red color scheme. But other than that, it's pretty cool!
Frank: "it doesn't lose any functionality!" Yeti nano: doesn't have two other pattern settings and gain control
I am gonna say one thing first time in my whole life i have seen some doing a genuine review "cool tech UNDER $100" need to hats off
doesnt Tim use the AD500Xs?
The microphone looks so nice, i would really like to have one of those specially now that my old one died...
The Hue 2 would be great for my setup!
Frank ur mom gey
October just started how are you making this video rn?
Hey what’s that desktop background?
It makes you feeeeeellll like your spider man
Your monitors slanting to the left
Lookin fresh af with that shirt frank!
best £20 mic? usb
that Yeti Nano would cost 200$ in my country too bad
2:59 love it ??????????
Humm, this items are not for me
which game was he playing ??
Yeet
Can u do a under 25$ episode im fking broke
Those ADX 5000 headphones look so good. I use some cheap self proclaimed "gaming headphones" where the Adio quality is not good and the mic is only just acceptable.
Audio technica at2020 usb is the better microphone let’s be honest here ??
Stream deck mini still overpriced
Been sub'd for years and always loving the content you're putting out. One thing I'd like to see from tech YouTuber's when it comes to these "Tech under $XX" videos are product/profession themes. E.g., "Cool Tech for Streamers under $100", "Cool Tech for Music Production under $100", "Cool Tech for Designers under $100" or the like. While I love these videos, having more context and thus being able to view videos that are more relevant to a particular base of users might lead to better affiliate sales and more views.
Pretty cool seeing your channel grow over the past 4 years.
Go back to 50
Fabulous list of products, aside from the RGB thing... I'm beginning to hate RGB. But hey, it's Christmas, why not make your PC look like a Christmas Tree? Now, what's up with YouTube? For my next suggestions, I have "Never Talk To The Police" followed by "My New Massive Termite Farm"???? Anyone? I'm in the process of assembling 4 new PCs and have only looked at tech video on YouTube for the last week and a half, where do these suggestions come from? Anyway, fabulous products, and a fabulous channel, Cheers. PC: Assembling PCs is so easy, finding the right peripherals is the hard part. Why can't one single company just get peripherals right? How hard can it be?
nice video
I want all of those things in 100$
100 dollars for some christmas lights?
amazing vid as always ??
Man, I tried the AD700x's and...I really thought they were shit. like, super muddled sound. cant imagine the 500x is better
Lets sub to sub. Thanks!
Just buy a samson meteor mic if you're interrested in the yeti nano, the meteor mic is just as good with half the price. Just check some review of it and you'll understand
That mic is dope definitely getting it
Hey RandomfrankP! I really like the Mic because it’s really small and it some big boom arm that’s 200$
I thought I was early...
cool tech "under 100$" the mic is 99$ lmao
I can still hear the keyboard on the mic test on both setting without any redaction in keyboard noise.
Do 25$ ones
No I can't watch this video. All my money is bring saved for building my PC this gay ass laptop don't cut it
so close to a million subs!
Does anyone know where he got skins for his mouse?
I have the drevo gramr as my keyboard and I think you should review them
Cool shirt man
I tried the omni little amp had a decent amount of hiss so I returned it
Stream deck, I need some inspiration to start streaming
i like that they made the yeti smaller tbh i like that more than any others and also what is that lighting effect 7:55
Just bought the headphones and microphone! Now I have nothing left in my paypal.. really hope this is some good stuff!
That stream deck would be soooo cool!
Are the AD500X headphones the same as ATH adg1x without the mic?
For being 3 to 4 minutes a product, the reviews are surprisingly thorough, but sometimes the product is not done justice. That's okay tho
Damn that streamdeck is certainly something I need to get ????
The new desktop blue yeti mic is amazing!! Blue never seem to fail to surprise there audience. I want one!!??
4:10 the Best gadject
now I feel like im a dumbo that i plug my audio jack into the motherboard. The Amp would be so cool
Cool
Keep up the great work, better reason to save money, Sound Blaster will be my next purchase
That stream deck looks so handy. As a new streamer, I'm definitely considering getting one as I love the interaction with the viewers.
No imagination, minimum effort.
Really adding that headphones to my cart!
I have a question that if anyone can answer plz let me know. If I use a microphone that plugs in to a USB Port how can I use an AMP/DAC?
I'm a fan as well of openback headphones but what I need is that amp dac since I still use my motherboard onboard solution so I choose the Soundblaster this time. Still those are great stuff, runner up for me would be the ATH AD500X then the Hue 2 Ambient.
ad500x or dt990 pro?
Also why pay that much money on basically an rgb strip...connect a arduino with an esp8266 to it and you got the same thing for a fraction of the prtice plus total control... Rhe only maybe usefull thing in this video is the sound blaster controller...whitch you can easily replace withj a tablet with the unified remote full app on it
Audiotehnica right now is just shit with what it was...lets make some headphoines and pu a lot of bullshit text in in and everyone will love...its the same thing with gaming as it is with audiophile... you have to see the bullshit...and this one has a lot of bullshit for what price it has...
"Make sound 10 times better" 0x10 is still 0 What's the point????
Very interested in the Omni sound blaster. I listen to music on my pc all day and can use a boost above the stock sound card
I want the blue Yeetie
This channel has infinitely increased my Amazon wishlist size.
Numerous people have asked but no answers yet.....what FPS game was that being played?
Realy like the Yeti Nano, the hidden mic on my headset just don't cut it.
Who would buy a stream deck mini, it's like $15 or $16 per key, the normal one is about $10 per key
If you're looking for sound quality, DON'T go for the soundblaster amp. Get a proper audio interface.
Wish it wasn’t all gaming related
I love your channel but most of the stuff you recommend do not ship to my country. I like those audio technica headphones; I’m a bit of an audiophile so open back is just the way to go. It would be awesome to have one of those for my birthday.
5:38 do anyone know what is that game name please ?
Second I started watching this video I was like - he looks good in that shirt lol
I'd go with a Audio-Technica AT2020 as a streaming mic
The stream deck mini is my fav! It's functionality is so useful, not necessarily for just streamers but in general, it's like a quick task menu for easy access to all your favorite apps! Plus the gifs look cool just on the displays haha
Dude I’m in love with the yeti mic I’ve bean beading a mic for my gaming channel I’ve bean using a Walmart pair of ear buds that have a mic so a upgrade would be lit
When are you gonna do the next unpacked
Diggin' the shirt.
Kinda feel like ur getting younger every video ??
AD 500X is great, after using it for 2 years, these are my thoughts; 3D wings are too wide and they slide off your head if you have a thinner head or just simply not a huge head. You do lose bass, don't give it too much praise, but it's extremely detailed all round still which is great. They are super light and you don't feel them until they slide, then the weight is on your ears (to solve it just use a rubber band between the wings) and in games directional sound isn't great, it doesn't have virtual crap, but due to that it's not always accurate since it's just a natural sound. The cable is super long which is great and doesn't tangle super easily. The soundstage is great (obviously, it's open back) but it's very atmospheric in music and single player games. But for the price the headphones are amazing, I'll give them that, that's why I still use them.
I'm broke and still keep watching these videos
Loving the headphones! Love their design with no headband.
Omni surround looks awesomeeee. Just like your video??
Can you do one that’s 10$ with free shipping fam
Looking so damn good frank
If you give the stream deck mini away I want toen have it. I stream on stani games (SG)
About that amp/dac combo does it play stereo sound or is it only 5.1 also how would you switch between speakers/ headset Is there a button on it or just your windows audio switcher ?
Only frank can literally sell me headphones with his pitch 10 minutes after I buy HS60. Also what is better, these headphones at the start or the Corsair HS60?
I love these ssssoooooo mucccchhh
What happened to the give away
How does the AD500x compare to the SHP9500?
I love that stream deck. That’s an awesome idea. If you’re giving any away I love to get my hands on one. Thanks for these videos man! I always learn about new products through these vids
Thank you, keep going and uploading, love ya ??
Blue Yeti mini mic! I am starting to make custom music, and only have the built in mic for an input. It would be a great boost Luv ur channel! Can’t wait for another episode!
Love that Elgato Mini Streamdeck. I could see that helping with shortcuts in Photoshop and Illustrator.
336 TH XD
Where did you get that tabletop? That looks amazing.
I LOVE those headphones and would love to get them.but I'm broke. <3
Could you review the logitech g pro wireless?
damn for around $200 I could have a mic, headphone, and DAC.
I perfer the original cool tech under $50, as for the price point under $100, these gadgets are just everywhere and I do not need to watch it here.
My favorite products in this video are the Blue Yeti Nano Mic, and the Mini Stream Deck.
What happened to the Fiio E10-K
There needs to be an amp like that that works with PS4 in that price range, if there is one let me know! Good video
Dude those headphones are sick I have been searching for so long now thank you
Greate video
What do I do if I'm playing xbox and i have a separate mic to my head set but my adapter only has one hole?
why u raise the price again
The underglow is so badass!
NZXT HUE 2 Ambient Please
I really needed new headphones,you just saved me
This is perfect my birthday is coming up this month
Would you tell me where you got your desk? It's so nice
At first I saw $10...
My local Walmart sells the blue yeti for $115. The blue yeti nano is not a very good deal yet imo
U play csgo? What's ur rank?
Part2!!!
i need that sound blaster :P
Can you try to do this like 2 times a week?
Thank you ??
Doesn't Timthetatman use those Headphones?
Rarely nobody discourse obvot assist search beyond loud quality fortune belt.
ive always wanted a mic but dont have the money...the blue yeti nano looks pretty nice :)
Where did u get ur shirt from?
It's been so long since I saw this series I forgot it even exvisted
Nice video pleas make a video on an 2500 dollar setup and desk. PS. pleas subscribe
October. 2 was my birthday so can i get 3 likes please.
yo Frank i got the Astro a10s a couple months ago, but i noticed where the head strap that goes over my head, there is a slight bald spot i never had before. is there any quality lightweight headsets with a lot of padding? or is there any good earbuds for gaming? im like 98% sure the small bald spot is from the weight and lack of padding on the a10s that caused it.
I loved the estatic RGB kit and would love to own it t
Can some of these gadgets be used to make spooky memes for sPoOkToBeR?!
Vers nice Tech ????
oooo thinking about getting that HUE 2 from NZXT
??!??! Some of the best top tech under a certain $ that I have seen. Good job.
Nice, might go with one of these for my birthday today !
Your shirt matches your wallpaper.
140€ for those headphones in my country rip??
I love the microphone but as yousual it is to expensive but thx anyway Love the videos
I'm stilling using hyperx clouds after like 3 and half years ?? once these break I will invest into studio type headphones
What game was being played??
My favorite would probably be the Yeti Nano. Great price and sound quality! Might pick one up sometime soon (:
I wish you would... Do more instersting stuff not just headphones
Favourite product: The Creative Sound Blaster, because it supports Dolby Digital Live! This means it can convey 5.1 gaming audio via a single optical cable.
I need the sound blaster
Love your work man could I win the hue 2 ambient
dose anyone know his email
Random Frank Pee
What FPS game was he playing?
Can you plug in a usb mic into the Sound Blaster to improve the audio?
How hasn’t this channel reached 1 million subs yet???
I like this series because it focuses on a lower pricetag. Many tech youtuber present some ridiculously overpriced hardware that no normal person without 10 sponsors could afford. But I am broke 24/7 so I still can't afford the stuff you presented here.
223th
ima need you to floor this series more cuz i just got my job going im buying hella gadgets n tech stuff
I wouldn't use that sounblaster thing lol. Unless you have a really shitty motherboard, your built in sound is already pretty good. I feel the same way about soundcards lol. Like unless you're doing hard audio editing then you really don't need anything more than the stock sound
Finaly
Can u do a ath-ad 700x please
Favourite product has to be the stream deck mini. So practical and so useful for streaming. But i find around $100 to be a bit hard to justify personally
youre a legend. i was looking for a video like this and right when i startet searching you uploaded this haha
Can we still win the stuff cos if so im glaring at that Blue Yeti
3:05 WHO ELSE NOTICED THE BLACKWIDOW ELITE BABBYYYYY??????
Hmmmmmmm where's the notification squad ?
Can u use tht mic on a ps4?
Is there a closed back version of those headphones?
If I want to buy the amp for the headphones, what do I do if my motherboard doesn't have a optical port?
why are you dying your hair now?
There better be a lämp
Don't even have a pc why am I here Good content tho
I like the headphones the best because open backs really do improve your listening experience in gaming. Ha lol says me when all I have is headphones made for taking calls
Just get the big StreamDeck, the Mini One is badly priced.
I never use anything YOUTUBERS “RECOMMEND” ath m50x sucked cable rubbed my shoulder and they were so bad I gave them away
Something about you Frank, just makes me so happy.
best series on this planet.
game name?
What is your work place? I mean ur buying stuff that costs alot... How ?!
Is something different? Is there new lighting? Is there a new video layout? Its looks AWESOME :)))
Men those headphones cost almost 3 times more in Spain. Insane
A few months ago he showed off an amp/dac for under $50. So I want to know if this one is way better or a small difference. Does anyone know?
The ambient monitor lighting can also reflect what is being displayed on the monitor, really the best use of it imo
Rd to 1000000 LETS GOOOOO
When I play games I usually pull my headphones slightly off my ear. There is something about the way it sounds when I talk, I don't like. Would the open back help with that?
it's the same kind of products every time.
I wish i can afford these
awesome
Next video: cool tech under 1000$
What’s up guys it’s randfrankp
I've got a love hate realatinship with this channel. It's forever leaving me broke
Stop dying your hair and just be Natrual Red Head! Dude you're already married and we love your personality and content. You no longer need to be self conscious. Be Confident!
I feel like you should've added a Logitech G810 keyboard.
How does the soundblaster card compare to an asus z370 motherboard for example?
You Post, I Click. Simple.
I have the audio technica headphones, they are awesome. I’ve worn them for hours at a time with no discomfort
Are we with PCs now like we were in the 2000s with the cars form fast and furious? :)))))) Can't wait to see everyone hating rgb in a couple years :)))
Such an underated channel
I didn't notice a different between his microphone and the blue nano or whatever it is.
I want 4 price points a month 1) $25.00 (even if it’s just cable management & decor) 2) $50.00 3) $75.00 4)$100.00
This guy deserves more subscribers????..... Your videos are awesome Frank.... You will have 1 million subs in no time!!
You should review the Audeze Mobius Frank
Anyone know what game he was playing?
I have been using the SoundBlaster for years and I can say it is a damn miracle what it can do for PC audio.....I absolutely endorse it
Awesome video, but removing a 0 from $100 would make it even more awesome!
Great Video!
Oh there's the guy that wants to make me broke again! :D
may I know what type of blue mic?
can you use the Omni Surround amp/dac to get 7.1 surround?
Those is great but some of it I cannot afford so pls give me some products):
Is that headset 7.1 ?
frank is a csgo BEAST
More cool tech under $1 please!!!
In 1 year: Cool tech under 1000!
So tell us Frank, what’s your opinion on open back headphones?
Appreciate the keyboard test with the Mic. Hate when there is a mic review w/o taking keyboard noise into consideration.
Idea for top tech under $100 for November, the aukey km-g3, it's a budget rgb mechanical keyboard
what did you say wearing those headphones? They sounde so muffled and all i could hear was bass
AD500X headphones ??
cheap plastic on the headset so will break in a few months or weeks
The 1 not the 3 screens
Or it’s you
Nothing else just what’s that guy in the Ved pc?
Unlimited macros programmable LCD screens with moving pictures I'm going to buy also the creative labs sound blast
who's october??
I need every single item in this list, but only have money for like 2 items :(
What’s your PC and ?
Man that Yeti microphone sounds absolutely amazing. I really need something like that for my setup, the in built microphone with my headphones are so broken that any time I activate the mic in game it distorts all the voice audio really badly to the point where I have no idea what anyone is saying for about a minute.
I don’t have a microphone yet but what are the differences between that blue yeti and the one that’s about $30 more?
Hi
Thanks a lot for this. My birthday is coming up and I didn't know what I wanted. As always an awesome video!
U r not a random pee u r my pee ????
That's hella dope stuff and now I want to throw my wallet away for those headphones because it's audio Technica
I look forward to this video every month! Those headphones look great. Love open-back headphones.
The AD500X headset is amazing, over a year in with them and zero issues. Amazing sound and comfortable!
His set up has been a lie it's been a green screen the whole time gasp
Would'nt the mic on the sound blaster used for active noise cancellation?
Bro I love your freckles
"everyone around you will know what porn you are watching"
"under $100" $99.00 + $9.99 shipping.
I’d like the mini microphone. The microphone on my desk is the only bad thing I have.
Love you frank
where do you get this gifs form u Stream Deck Mini?
I would get the Nano, but having that thing in front of me when I'm on my PC isn't attractive to me. I feel like the Blue Yeti Snowball, where it clips to the monitor, is the one that would satisfies me!
huehuehuehue 2
1:27 Ya but they sure, do mess up your hair :D
3:00 I regret buying my yeti
every time I go to your channel I feel bad cause everything you show I can't buy it... ;( 1 like = 1 item
Frank crippin’ out here
5:28 ok ok stop right there! Crappy cheep arduino light strips? Well for 25$ you can get 2m of 60leds/m ws2812b strip and than apply ambilight mode via free software that will take colors from edge of your monitors amd extend them out.. Also you can program the arduino to do all of the same effects that you can customize with nzxt strip and it can even do that cs go thing if you gonna use provided sdk and than use serial communication between app that will monitor your health and arduino sketch that will change the lights.. It's literally same if not even better the difference is that nzxt is plug and play while arduino one requires a little bit of time and skills.. It's not crappy at all.. You can check my channel if your interested in abmbi light or auduo visualizer mode that takes 10min to setUp and costs 30$ (2m of strip + proper power supply + arduino) ..
Was that crackle at 3:45 from the mic or something you touched on the desk?
my mans got a clean shave...go all out for no shave november tho XD
"If you see anything you like, i'll send it to you for free.." Wishful thinking.. haha
Your color grading effected your eyes XD
Can someone link me good led tape under 15$ I'd appreciate
I totally need a DAC.. omg ... please frank .. pay this one forward!!!
Wonder if the sound blaster card will work on a ps4
Tech youtubers are practically artist with their camera work
No i wanted under 25
I would like the stream deck becuase ir could be as a school work hub
I want that stream deck
What happens if you dont have a USB-C port on your PC for the Yeti MIc
Stream deck! Custom macros are the best.
ANYONE FROM PAKISTAN?
4k views ? something is wrong.
Opinion on Fortnite?
I would love those headphones, really wanne try an openback design
Wait I assumed this was an old vid because I’ve been binge watching this series all day
Really like that shirt. And it goes well with your desktop wallpaper. Was that intentional? ??
I really need a dac
Waddduuupppppppppppppp
I like your videos randomfrankp i appreciate it thanks for your vid I will continue support you in your videos.Thanks
Mystery tech unboxing please
Ad500x or Hyperx Cloud Alpha? I already have the Alpha but I'm considering if another headphone (under 200) would be much better for positional audio. (No mic required.)
No giveaway I guess... That amp/dac is hella nice tho
Nice shirt man !
Those headphones tho. ??
Audio Technica make some awesome products. I love the headphones they make and they are always a decent price
Would love to have an AD500X as my Headphones..
he is so handsome ;D
I was waiting for this!!
I really like those nzxt monitor rgb strips because they can sinc with your games or computer
60th
Omg that stream deck mini would really help because the game i play alot, OSU, isnt windowed, and trying to swich between chrome, osu, downloads, and twich is an absolute p a i n to do, and the stream deck mini looks like a god sent gift.
That mic is defenitly my favorite product because my mic is the one of my headset and All my friends are complaining about it :(
Gf: I love you! Me: I love hue2 I will see myself out. Great episode
Am I the only one who thinks frank really looks like bob lee swagger from shooter??
Good over ear headphones for pc? Is the Akg worth it or any other recommendations?
He should test stuff that nobody buys like really low end tech
Anyone got UK links for these?
Does anyone know the name of the lamps in his living room (the ones standing on both sides)?
never been this early :d
I'm definitely pikin' that headphone up
USB mics are really not a good choice for streaming. Most people use a second PC for streaming and you can use USB mics with only one PC at a time. Just get a cheap slr mic and amp.
How do you keep your headphones safe
Been waiting for this. ??
nice 500 veiwer
frank stick ur p in my random
hi
nice
69$ ??
Spooky month
Updated setup tour?
I don't need YouTube notifications when I follow RFP on Twitter (which you should ( ?° ?? ?°) )
Ayyyyyyyy
Hi randomfrankp i'm from indonesia??
Why do people say notification squad? You dont need notifications if you are on youtube 24/7
hi there
First
Hi
You are the master of finding great deals!!!
i am getting the ikea set up soon do you have any tips?
You look fancy
Hello
thanks ... but my budget is the videos(100)/50
Every time I go to your channel I become more and more broke.
Would love the yeti mic. Nice vid as always frank
Can't till the Christmas series
I’m really interested in streaming gear
Awesome video Frank!
Love the video!! keep up the good work!!!
Notification squad?!!?
Third!!
Awesome video and keep up the good work
Who remembers the steam machine lol
28 views, gg
Eighth
Cool man I love the set ups
First like
Cool
Here
Hey frank can i ask what thats??
Yeah im here earlier!
Nuck
Third
Nice
First!