And the ghost of Tesla Laughed and Laughed . ??????
Tesla?
Edisons only discovery was Nikola Tesla
Applause for pronouncing ø right Also, Tesla was crucial in making components for alternating current (which will be what I'll blame on if I fail at the exam) Also, without alternating current, only the very rich could have afforded electricity. This would have happened if Eddison won the war of currents
That was a very subtle use of the it's a trap meme. Well played crash course animator person
no Tesla? wth?
R u serious at all, where is NIKOLA TESLA
I know this format is short, but no Tesla is a glaring omission.
It was never stated in Frankenstein that electricity was involved in the "monster's" creation. That comes from movie adaptations.
Cmon guys, you're usually much better at research. This entire video could be titled: "Myths we believe are real"
Oh, btw. Edison didn't invent the light bulb. He "perfected" it.... and by perfected i mean he invented a version that would eventually blow, creating a need to continue buying them. (He saw potential for profit in light bulbs, but didn't like fact people would only need to buy them once every 10-15 years or so). Humphrey Davy and Joseph Swan were the real inventors of the light bulb, and yes, their version could easily last 10+ years. In fact, they were developing bulbs that would Never blow before Edison stole their research, and developed a much lower quality bulb. (They were actually 2 of the countless people who won lawsuits against Edison). This video has quite a few errors.... and btw yes, Edison was not an inventor. He was a ruthless businessman who was exceptionally good at stealing research (and credit).
Everyone is losing it because they didn't mention Tesla.. And here I am annoyed that yet again Hauksbee and Ben Franklin are brought up, yet no mention of William Gilbert or Thomas Browne. A guy gets famous for one experiment and suddenly no one knows who discovered (and named) electricity. (Gilbert n Browne coined it in early 1600's) Edit: Also, just pointing out, we don't actually know if the kite experiment ever happened, or if it did, we have no idea at all id Franklin did the experiment himself. He certainly never claimed that he did. He only briefly mentioned it in a very brief statement to the Pennsylvania Gazette, saying, and i quote: "the iron rod experiment had been achieved in Philadelphia, but in a different and more easy Manner". He never specified who did the experiment, only that it had been done. He also never said it was the kite. In fact, it was about 2 decades later when Joseph Priestly wrote about it, that it was claimed Franklin did the experiment using a kite. Problem is he never witnessed it himself, and many scientists have pointed out if Franklin HAD done the experiment in the way Joseph described, it would have killed him. Aaaaaand, on top of it all, Benjamin Franklin was nowhere near the first person to do that type of experiment. In fact, that experiment had been done so much in the previous years (with a variety of objects including metal rods), that virtually no one even took notice when Franklin made his claim. He did write up the concept that electricity n lightning are the same... but as for the kite experiment, all we have as evidence is the word of someone who was not there, writing about it 2 decades after the fact, by simply giving his interpretation on what Benjamin Franklin would likely have done.
Everyone is losing it because they didn't mention Tesla.. And here I am annoyed that yet again Hauksbee and Ben Franklin are brought up, yet no mention of William Gilbert or Thomas Browne. A guy gets famous for one experiment and suddenly no one knows who discovered (and named) electricity. (Gilbert n Browne coined it in early 1600's) Edit: Also, just pointing out, we don't actually know if the kite experiment ever happened, or if it did, we have no idea at all id Franklin did the experiment himself. He certainly never claimed that he did. He only briefly mentioned it in a very brief statement to the Pennsylvania Gazette, saying, and i quote: "the iron rod experiment had been achieved in Philadelphia, but in a different and more easy Manner". He never specified who did the experiment, only that it had been done. He also never said it was the kite. In fact, it was about 2 decades later when Joseph Priestly wrote about it, that it was claimed Franklin did the experiment using a kite. Problem is he never witnessed it himself, and many scientists have pointed out if Franklin HAD done the experiment in the way Joseph described, it would have killed him. Aaaaaand, on top of it all, Benjamin Franklin was nowhere near the first person to do that type of experiment. In fact, that experiment had been done so much in the previous years (with a variety of objects including metal rods), that virtually no one even took notice when Franklin made his claim. He did write up the concept that electricity n lightning are the same... but as for the kite experiment, all we have as evidence is the word of someone who was not there, writing about it 2 decades after the fact, by simply giving his interpretation on what Benjamin Franklin would likely have done.
This was an electrifying episode! It's Greased Lightning!
All inventions seem to be named after somebody
How can you have a "Crash Course History" on electricity without any mention of Tesla?
Crazy futurists deserve their recognition just like the ruthless capitalists. Those that drive tech and understand this world will bring it to it's knees and Tesla will be avenged ROFL. Resistance is futile. I mean RIF!
You did not take even the name of tesla??????
I see I'm super late to the party. What SI unit is the edison again? I think I must have missed that. The tesla, for those playing at home, is the SI unit of magnetic field strength. "They say in physics the greatest honor is when your name starts to be spelled with a lower-case letter."
Franklin is the guy who came up with the positive and negative nomenclature for talking about electrical charge, causing generations of electrical engineers to curse his name. Because of Franklin electricity flows from the negative side to the positive side over a voltage potential.
Edison was the Donald Trump of inventors. I mean that in a derogatory way, America.
Edison was a murderer
does youtube shadowban?
Nicely Done Team Crash Course !
No Tesla, No mention of Maxwell's laws. No mention of the Faraday cage. This should have been two more episodes.
Please add the Arabic language translation
Hello john Green, Russians love you. But the trouble happened, we need you to give your consent to translate your content and voice acting into Russian. Please respond ?????? ???????. From Russia with love.
I was hoping they would mention Oliver Heaviside. His contributions to the Electrical Sciences are extremely important and I think he deserves way more recognition.
Didn't ancient scientists create some fluid batteries as well?
James Clerk Maxwell was a great mathematical genius. He should have had his own episode!!!
General Electric advertisement .????????
Was hoping for a mention of Joseph Henry, he invented insulated wire, practical electromagnets, electrical communication at a distance, discovered inductance, and has an SI unit in his name.
You actually pronounced an Ø somewhat correctly! You may have offended the Tesla crowd, but Scandinavia is proud of you!
You forgot to mention Nikola Tesla and Lewis Latimer !
I think TRUMP edited this video...
Oh, we're referring to AC as "Westinghouse's" now, instead of Tesla's? GOT IT.
Haha make a “cloud baby” ???? lol love you guys videos!
Hey guess what everyone? Donald Trump's Uncle John G Trump was the scientist the US government appointed to review Nikola Tesla's papers at the time of his death. coincidence? I think not.
Shameful no mention of Nikola Tesla you people are total complete sell-out frauds! Tesla's ideas will Triumph no matter how much you try to ignore him. ????
so if I make I light bulb light up with a lemon does that mean I'm gay- I mean a battery?
This guy kills us with information, yet so easy to comprehend
To be fair, you have to have a very high IQ to understand the impact of Nikola Tesla. The importance is extremely subtle, and without a solid grasp of theoretical physics most of the work will go over a typical viewer's head. There's also Tesla's nihilistic outlook, which is deftly woven into his characterisation- his personal philosophy draws heavily from Narodnaya Volya literature, for instance. The fans understand this stuff; they have the intellectual capacity to truly appreciate the depths of this science, to realise that they're not just funny- they say something deep about LIFE. As a consequence people who ignore Nikola Tesla truly ARE idiots- of course they wouldn't appreciate, for instance, the tragedy in Teslas invention "The AC current," which itself is a cryptic reference to the work of Prior Greek Natural Philosophers. I'm smirking right now just imagining one of those addlepated simpletons scratching their heads in confusion as Teslas genius wit unfolds itself on their television screens. What fools.. how I pity them. ?? And yes, by the way, i DO have a Nikola Tesla tattoo. And no, you cannot see it. It's for the ladies' eyes only- and even then they have to demonstrate that they're within 5 IQ points of my own (preferably lower) beforehand. Nothin personnel kid ??
Its like you wanted to avoid the name behind AC and then comments exploded, i dont know why his name is so hard for this channel to say
Westinghouse but No Tesla?
Tesla? how no mention about him?,,,
Who exactly is Orsted, & what is his history???????
Benjamin Franklin but no Tesla??? Why???????
5:10 you show the wires repel when the current flows opposite directions but you have the magnetic field going in the same direction. One of those wires should be showing the magnetic field going clockwise. Both wires are showing counterclockwise. Use the right-hand rule your thumb shows the direction of the current and your fingers curl in the direction of the magnetic field.
Are you going to have an episode on psychology?
Grrrrr - it was Tesla's AC, not Westinghouse's. Westinghouse bought Tesla's patents and funded the first large scale AC generation at Niagra Falls. The current wars were between Tesla and Edison.
Obvious omission to get people commenting.
Alright everyone take a chill pill, they said they'd talk about Tesla in an upcoming episode. You know these guys and their love for knowledge, you think they'd casually forget about such an important figure?
Frankenstein got an honorable mention and no Tesla in an electricity historical.... That's just wrong and frankly rude too....
Crash Course: I'm the best source of information because I'm one of the most popular YouTube channels. YouTube: Nope, I am because your little "channels" are nothing without me. Internet: That's ironic because I was thinking the same thing about the both of you. Computer: All three of you guys shut up. You guys would just be an idea if it wasn't for me. Electricity: Keep talking, bitches!
Good guy JP Morgan, we should be thankful to bankers... and Russians can't possibly have contributed to humanity, Tesla who?
two magnets repelling each other inside a coil of copper wire might work? i don’t that Michael Faraday tried it... ?????????
Are you going to mention that Tessa may be a vampire
i want a photovoltaic hauksbee generator ??
Where is Tesla
Mitochondria is the powerhouse of the cell.
I'm sure scientists those days started a bit of a resistance after Ohm published his piece, though they immediatly saw the potential use of Volta's work.
Die herrschende Geschichte ist die Geschichte der Herrschenden.
Thomas Edison: The Corporate Scientist
Hank: "Edison promoted capital punishment using an electric chair." Me: "....Wait. What?" Hank: "Next time we'll follow Edison during the second industrial revolution." Me: "No wait-" Hank: "Crash Course History of Science is filmed in the Dr. Cheryl C. Kinney Studio-" Me: "Hang on go back. What did you say about the electric chair??"
Suck my balls!!!
I wonder if we'll have a third industrial revolution, this time in space. Or have we already had the third one and are we waiting on the fourth?
Westinghouse < Tesla. Pretty bummed, crash course.
What of Nikola Tesla??
I'm sure Tesla will be a part of an episode with other pioneers of telecommunications like Marconi and Bell. In the meantime, don't get so riled up that you forget that Faraday and Maxwell are possibly the two greatest scientists of all time.
We need a science about blood pressure an cholesterol is it really bad for you or is it a good thing what if hen you have high then its healing your beter when you use medicine maybe it's stopping with healing
Can you make an episode on the history of wireless electric communication? Starting from the Telegraph or may be before to the latest satellite/submarine cable communication? And the physicists behind it? Thanks.
Frankenstein is not a doctor.
So no Tesla yet?
INCREDIBLE ABHISHEK
I know edison as an old fool that electrocuted animals
Couldn’t even manage to acknowledge Nikolo Tesla?
These are the greatest videos on YouTube. ??
So is there going to be an episode on Hamilton Euler and Gauss about the advances in mathematics during the 16th century?
Thomas Edison is history’s great hack. So many of ‘his’ greatest inventions were not his. The man was a complete arsehole and should never have been celebrated.
Leyden jar, i.e. the capacitor?Pieter van Musschenbroek?
I love electricity, it represents light and information and it can't be weponized. Electricity is my friend. I have electric bike and it helps me to become an electric flow, both physically and mentally in the lovely streets of Amsterdam. Seriously guys, it's surreal, unreal, so grateful.
But muh laws of electrolysis!!1! - Faraday, probably
The topic of electricity and no mention of Tesla? Wut? Just Westinghouse?!
Why has nobody commented on the fact that they didn't mention Tesla?
You know Edison didn't invent the light bulb?
You sir are supporting quackademia by not mentioning Nick Tesla and the total lack of ethics of Edison
11:40 Didn't we already cover thermodynamics?
Can't wait for the new Volta and Ampere cards, ...oh wait, wrong video.
Edison was a kind of Steve Jobs. Incapable of inventing anything on their own, but amazing at popularising ideas.
Not one mention... At all... Of Nikola Tesla.... Seems incomplete.
Everyone, crash course said they're going to talk about Nikola Tesla in a future episode, so take it easy, please:). Dear crash course, I watch your channel almost every day and Nikola Tesla is my biggest hero, so imagine how sad I was to find that he wasn't given a mention in this video, but it's okay, as long as you do dedicate some screen time for him because more people need to know about Tesla and he truly is important to the history of science, no doubt about that. I hope you keep your word, crash course. Other than that, great video, fabolus animations, as per usual. Keep up the good work. Thanks! :D
Westinghouses AC? Hahah tell your script writter to do a better research, maybe you will sound smarter next time. Tesla would be spinning in his grave if he heard you talking.
Is a simple geek. Hears Magneto, checks comments for X-men jokes.
Petting the cat....*is a trap*!
10:00 strange line for todays basis, cause it's now a basic need.
This is why I love this channel! Amazing facts.
Will there be a second episode on thermodynamics or is it a mistake? 11:50
So Volta created the first Batter? What about the Bagdad Battery?
Boy, Im really Amp-ed by this episode.
0.75× ??
Wasnt ørestred trying to prove that there was no relation between magnetism and electricity?
This guy looks like “John Green” on budget... ????
I really appreciate how well all of the developments in electromagnetism were covered in a few minutes, without leaving any of the scientists involved. Next week's episode is displayed as "Thermodynamics", and not The Second Industrial Revolution. I kindly request you to edit it in the description. This is an absolutely remarkable video series and that's why I want it to stay awesome!
Did Galvani ever get a lower case letter, or did he just get galvanization named for him? Thomas Edison was a criminal thug.
Okay I have a small nit to pick: it says Next Episode: Thermodynamics at the end, but you already covered that last episode.
I've noticed that a lot of these YouTube educational channels do not mention Nikola Tesla as much as they should, when they even mention him at all... What's going on?
No mention of Tesla?
I was going to mention Tes.... looks at comments Oh, nevermind.
AC/DC
Westinghouse ac? Ha. Wow.
capitalist funded video only glorifies capitalist inventors.
"This Episode is Powered by General Electric"
Wee need a whole video on Tesla now
Tesla? Nicholas Tesla??
I just learned about electricity in Engineering class
before calling it "electricity" what did they call the phenomenon these people were studying?
Crash Course Linguistics
Very grateful for this series, thank you for the knowledge.
CrashCourse, Do a serie about history of medicine, surgery, antybiotics or something about
Umm why didn't they talk about Nicola Tesla?
Tesla. Just say it. TESLA. I was sure he would say it. Edison didn't have much to do with the electric grid because there was no way to efficiently convert high voltage DC to low voltage DC so there was no way to transport DC power through a grid. You were doing so well until the end.
Feels like Mr. Tesla will have his own special video. How accurate is this prediction?
At 5:09, the magnetic field lines around the current should be reversed when the current is reversed.
Wasn't the kite key at the bottom with a leden (sp?) Jar?
Because Tesla is overrated and was no physicist. Coulomb ampere faraday and maxwell we’re responsible for em and I think we should have called the unit of magnetic flux density after faraday as he came up with the idea of flux
I was wait for Tesla.
hello!
Come on Hank, I want to hear about Maxwell's silver hammer.
I am still wondering about the Leibniz ... You got Amper and Ohm pronunciations correctly.
I thought batteries were found as far back as ancient Egypt
Couple Problems Kids.... #1 ) There is Archeological Evidence of of" Ancient Metal Galvanizing" (look it up) in china, the Middle East and South America that shows that ancient peoples had at the very least a practical knowledge of electricity hundreds of years prior to Europeans.# 2)The First Battery that is known to be made is the "Iraq Battery" (look it up) it was invented centuries earlier in what is called Iraq in the Middle east (by at least 500 years). #3) Thomas Edison took credit and and had patents applied for in his name for various inventions he did not actually invent (many of these were actually invented by a fellow named Tesla who worked for him at Menlo Park among others [I strongly encourage you to look Tesla up and interestingly how a technology that would have made electricity less profitable for people like J.P. Morgan was scuttled and those that wanted to Monetize electricity) #4) Tungston was the first commercially viable material incandescent lighting elements, not carbon and being commercially viable was EVERYTHING Edison was about).
Edison the psykopat.
How would a DC grid system even work? Without induction (inherent to AC) you can't transform voltage up high enough (dropping current low enough) to transmit over long distances without losing a lot of power to heat from the resistance of the transmission cables themselves.
Hank needs a plaid t-shirt to complete this ensemble.
weird coincidence: a prisoner was westinghoused with electricity in tennessee today (the first time in a long while)
Tesla is overrated . Change my mind
Therefore making Thomas Edison the Senator Palpatine of his day,,, as the Death Star is nothing more than a huge power plant, and energy delivery system which would allow for dramatic population growth within the galactic infrastructure. (Sure we all like to fancy that in such a future, a bit of electricity should be nothing to build a death star about,, but as with all growth, infrastructure projects also continue to get bigher, requiring more and more energy at once.)
guys they're gonna cover Tesla in a future episode they replied to the comments :^) yall can chill now
Ion: Magnet's how the ****** do they work? Plato: Well...the Stone of Hereclea...
The number of puns in this episode is Yeah I'm going to say it Shocking.
Edison is a fraud.
slightly disappointed that the "current war" only got less than 1 minute... and I didn't even hear the name Tesla :(:(
This video was obviously funded by Edison
Tesla: they left me......(sad song playing)
Tesla?
Thank you ! Love from Morocco .
Tesla?
Post notifications are now on. The thermodynamics course will be ??.
Honestly how can you talk about Electricity for more then a minuets without talking about Nikola Tesla...
Mary Shelley's novel contains one paragraph mentioning electricity: "Before this I was not unacquainted with the more obvious laws of electricity. On this occasion a man of great research in natural philosophy was with us, and excited by this catastrophe, he entered on the explanation of a theory which he had formed on the subject of electricity and galvanism, which was at once new and astonishing to me. All that he said threw greatly into the shade Cornelius Agrippa, Albertus Magnus, and Paracelsus, the lords of my imagination; but by some fatality the overthrow of these men disinclined me to pursue my accustomed studies. It seemed to me as if nothing would or could ever be known. All that had so long engaged my attention suddenly grew despicable. By one of those caprices of the mind which we are perhaps most subject to in early youth, I at once gave up my former occupations, set down natural history and all its progeny as a deformed and abortive creation, and entertained the greatest disdain for a would-be science which could never even step within the threshold of real knowledge. In this mood of mind I betook myself to the mathematics and the branches of study appertaining to that science as being built upon secure foundations, and so worthy of my consideration."
Dislike for not even mentioning Tesla. And thief Edison gets entire next episode just for himself.
Educational!
Edison ? Grid!!!!! Quite the opposite.
Sorry, but I see no excuse to call AC in this context the "Westinghouse AC". By this criteria you should call DC the "J.P. Morgan DC", yet you call it "Edison DC".
I'm only echoing everyone else but, no Telsa - really?
FIRST 40 COMMENTS ~Rox
I want to be a famous scientist and have an unit with my name.
I'm pretty sure electricity wasn't involved in Mary Shelly's version of Frankenstein. The lightning wasn't a thing until the first movie in 1931.
"Ben Franklin...no real epistemic knowledge" !?!?! [citation needed] Ben Franklin DISCOVERED positive and negative charges of electricity. A feat that would have earned him a Nobel Prize in Physics...if such a thing existed back then. Please redo/edit that slight to Mr. Franklin!
It's okay a "history of science" not having Tesla... it's not ok actually the fact that Hertz was forgotten
Is this guy related to it’s okay to be smart guy. He looks just like him
where can i get those beautiful gear bookends?
Ok I'm not religiously offended like some in these comments but it is very odd you didn't mention Tesla, considering you talk about Westinghouse and he invented AC ... Regardless of whether you'll be covering him in future episodes, its a huge oversight for this video as a unit.
Frankenstein had nothing to do with electricity. The method for giving life was never described in the book, the shocking was added in the movie.
Why no John Green?
And no mention of the greatest. Tesla.
Careful there, you're triggering Tesla's fanboys
Where’s mr Telsa on this story?!?!
How could you talk about electricity and not mentioning Tesla?!!
A history of electricity and not talking about Nikola Tesla hhhhhhhh yet talking about Edison... total joke
how could you not mention Tesla?
This is very obscure..... But your jacket reminds me of Chris Hadfield (astronaut) Both time I've met him, he had a very similar jacket on
Science ?? is the best subject in school.
Why no Tesla
Hank should’ve been a science major. He’d be an amazing student.
Tomorrow i w'll hve ELECTRICITY Examination, Thanks it helps Me alot??????
????
Came to show some love ??
I get soooo hyped everytime a new one of these comes out
thumbs up oi
Wishing all a beautiful week
Resist much, obey little.
Do a video on the life of Patrick Buchanan
first
Yeah, new video!