Finally someone who actually translates "Einstein" LOL
This video is annoying... I’m not looking to laugh here just tell me facts.... waste of time
Why am I expecting that I will actually learn shit lmao. You will get it if you have background knowledge
I thought Superstring theory thought there were 11 dimensions instead of 4 dimensions, not 3.
this guy makes really strange jokes! rest of the video is good
Chemistry is the queen,not physics.
Hey man pls just stop these jokes it’s not funny
This is so good
HEY, this was supposed to be 6 minutes, video is only 5:39!
I FUCKING LOVE THIS
Thx for the intro of Xkcd
im now alben einstone
Best physics video I’ve seen!!!
Anyone else notice when he did the pink floyd joke comfortably numb is from the wall not dark side? Ok ill show myself out
gluons don't make glue man but this is very funny video
2:39 or when you hold a mirror reflecting that mirror which believe it or not reflects that reflection
It's like Bill wurtz but with a robot and no music.
666k views
666k views
What about the vacuole
WHY IS THIS NOT IN SCHOOL??? That would be the best subject ever with you!
Bro I’m a high school student and I love physics
;
this is a dumb video, it doesn’t explain anything, it explains the impact, result and need of things.
are u from the future ?
>Have 6 minutes to final physics exam >Listen to this
anti-matter. dark matter. black holes matter. hahaha
I love physics and gosh this is so funny
Heisenberg is the one who knocks the door, lol
chicken nuggets
Our teacher showed us this. He stopped at 1:31 and told us to watch it at home because the rest is "inappropriate". Teachers lol.
Thank you...at least you get the joy of feeling all the love from your viewer's..
u forgot le debrios theory that electrons can acts as both particles and waves, biggest mind fuck
Fuck physics
pls come back
The earth is neither flat nor a sphere, it is actually more of a saddle shape.
Science cannot explain the laws of physics. Here's a really cool video that gives a rational and more complete understanding.. https://youtu.be/oeaQm5xdyR4
3:22??Good Work
Don't break the laws of Physics!!!
Might be worth checking out timecompressiontheory.com it is now being look at as the first Unified Field Theory
Omg its super funny
i love physics, i just hate chemistry. its killing me, well its fun but its a lot harder then physics.
oh my this video .... bravo
Lol
Actually beginning to get convinced Rick and Morty is going to take over every universe in the multi-verse.. When that happens, inject me with a Rick serum, not a Morty one please..
You should be a school teacher! Might brighten some peoples lives!
wow, this is been the only channel to feature my prof pic not once, but twice already
If I want to blow the world out my shorts, how would I do that?
Love me some Pink Floyd
Was looking for some good physics facts, found all of physics, a funny robot and a great channel. Jackpot !
Chutiya samjha he kya
I cried about the gender studies joke
dude physics is fucking easy!
I literally have my physics exam tomorrow
I mean, gender studies is the most confusing thing that still hasn't been solved
Why my pp hard?
its 2018. BLACK HOLES MATTER. donate today for to support our movement
fucking gold
Boring
I thought Emma Watson is gonna explain physics in 6 min
Can you make lecture vids plz??
"Not several human lifetimes that are required to understand how the Universe works" oooohhhh ?????? that was dirrrrty lol Im offended ??
I have physics in school and lost every brain cell
Omg I love pink floyd and comfortably numb
4.10 "He is the one who knocks" LMFAO IM DEAD
Gluons obviously makes glue??????
Please add bahasa indonesia subtitle! Or let me add the subtitle. I want all my friends and people in indonesia watch this comfortably.
Pink sheep, is this you?
i thought this would be chicken nugget science!!!
This what you say comedy in science
gluons make glue and photons make photon cannons whahahaahaha xD
??????????????????
http://knowhowphysics.blogspot.com/2018/08/to-electricity-introduction-electricity.html
Fuck the cat, it's either dead or alive not both it's just that you can't see it so it's not dead and alive it's dead or alive.
11 spatial dimensions,good luck imagining that! ??
love the starcraft memes
wow ,super I remembering my M.Sc syllabuses
No one talks about the starcraft reference?
Choo-pa chups
wut ~Sir Isaac Newton
I like it man!
Penguinology and chicken nugget science has made school the bane of my existence.
Da Chupa Chups
So much mix up! Can't understand unless it was in brief on one topic or 2 of physics but these are too much.
Ha-ha . woow
Exotic matter
Go live and start fucking.....
I can't be a scientist without your video
Fuckkk it blowvup my mind
Hey man why haven't we been hearing from you in a long time ?
Ohhhhhhhh newton got rosted
i learned alot
Whether I haven't finished or finished watching the video... ?? ?? ?? ?? ?? ?? ??+??+??+??+??= Hahahaha... At least I tried to hold back laughter and learned something... And almost succeeded to hold back from laughing.
.. Hello, Mortals
It's not 6 minutes it's 5:40 ! WARNING CLICKBAIT!!!!
Most of the people get fooled Read more
https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.androidgeek.org.learnphysics
I am not laughing you know. You were wrong about one thing you maybe will never understand. i did not let go of good things, cause there were too little to let go of in the first place. And thus i did not have to lose a lot eventually. Except from hope and illusions. I am just in the wrong place and time. And maybe there is no right place for me. But please dont bully for instance Thomas, cause he is still my friend even now we are not together anymore and he did not deserve to be part of all this. As for me, i dont care what happens to me anymore. I really dont. I also did not deserve what happened but then please limit what you did to the ruin of just one life. Cause he is 28 years old and still has a life ahead of him if he will take it. For me life is past tense anyway. Cause i really dont want anymore. I can say the word back that you love to use so much but i dont feel so. I just feel sadness but i cannot cry anymore.
Teacher: You only have 6 minutes to review. Me:
Hi , immortal ??
it'$ impossible to define really intreasting thing in a short time, but still ur explanation was amazing??
Classical mechanics is the worst part of physics.It has no strong theoretical base.
I guess biology and chemistry was reason that drove me away from physics n math
Good #sreephysics
Somethings harder than physics, Life.
An AI roasting the mortals
Is physics harder then chemistry??
My parents are both phD’s in Particle Physics and make me feel stupid, so I tried to educate myself. Highschool studies only take you so far lul.
i had physics today. I wanted to bang my head on the table until i pass out
But still I am not able to understand the use of 'Set Square'
a really good presentation of the real..
this is definately the most misleading physics video ive ever seen
so youre basically exurb1a then
I'm literally here just so I can understand the physics memes ??????
How can this video even get 2 Unlikes?... Such a great video.. Im now loving physics more
4:10 breaking bad referense
Reall, physics is a wonderful and amazing subject. I am professor from California university.
...........i hate math but non physics. I hate physic but not math. Me most of the time
Its a warm summer evenning in ancient greece.
flashback of my college life ????
Actually it’s “physics in 5 minutes and 39 seconds” not 6 minutes
0:22 quantum mechanics?
There be only 7 planets left after i destroy urANUS
This was really amazing
This voice says me sleep
Black holes matter, im dead lmao
Phy6 in sics minutes
Anti Matter, Dark Matter, Black Holes Matter..
So where’s my Physics pHD?
This is called scientific comedy. Pretty humorous
But how do you explain this? https://youtu.be/AxoriYVxK5U
Are you indian?
These 5 mins are better than the complete 2 parts of HC VERMA??
Useless video
I’m not fat you reeky ill-breeding maggot
i'm glad that even physicist agree that classical physics is boring
There is no clarity
Is this a serious video? lmao
The way he says..."Hello mortals"... Madharchod jaise ki khud to bada immortal hai... ??
This would've been good if this guy was serious. Nah..
0:52 It really boosted my selfesteem????
https://youtu.be/xgSEVFwRo34
I subscribed beacuse of your jokes????
Good
well made
So why shouldn't I jump in lava? Haven't heard any convincing arguments yet...
It's all Physics
Great video but Pink Floyd COMFORTABLY NUMB is not on DARK SIDE OF THE MOON, which is the cover you referenced :)
Using this to revise good or bad
0:52 ?????? good to know
I'm observing this video but once I'm done observing it its dead , like the cat
Ur hilarious AI
It must get more unlikes than likes.????
Lol!!! U r the best??
1:22, WTF LOL, Why this time it has, a cute and a sad voice both at the same time, also the word, Lava looks like a crying robot voice (;
That Pink Floyd ??
I would laugh if physicists were wrong about pretty much everything
????????????????
had my last physics exam last week. if only i'd discovered this then, i would've had a chance at getting an A
Hilariously informative
What does he mean when he says it’s both or none until “observed”?
What was the other video?
Good . I need another video more than it.
Im in love with this video ????
????????
Lol amazing
Thats funny
I think you forgot to mention the theory of quantum gravity which is the reason why we still don't get anything that's in the universe (or at least some things)
forgot the new 9-11 physics. If U.S. government says Newton's Third Law has been suspended ... it has been. Cracks me up ... ask fellow Americans .... on what day in recent history was Newton's Third Law suspended .... they don't know ... history, physics .... Americans been dumbed down.
Isn't chaos theory Mathematics?
Ok I feel bad.. cuz THIS VIDEO IS SO UNDERRATED!!!!!
5 Mins actually
2:16 OOOOHHH ROASTED!!
3:53 looks like modern art to me
I have a question?? but to come to a conclusion I must ask in a series of question...1st question: Does sound have a focal point?
Your videos will be studied in class rooms in the future
I am cat
The tao is Mr mecis
doesn't matter how ugly you are, you're attracting the universe ??????
Nice way to explain physics and it made me laugh
This is how I started my revision for my first-year physics exam. No. Regrets.
Black holes matter????????
That's hilarious-tifically well conflated! Great one!
The most funny and informative video on physics
If you take nothingness and place a 3D grid within and consider the distance from one point (0,0,0) to another (0,0,1) to be a foot: then this mean that the zeros placed would be literal. Therefore a 2D space could not possibly be and the thought experiment of dropping a 3D object within mute. With this said what can we say about the Fourth? Well, what defines the surface of any 4D object when matter or anything hasn't been introduced? As we've done with the second dimension, we'll place a 3D grid within and try to add another fundamental "direction" (the others are practically this: length, width and height just interchangeable based on perspective)...how ever space itself has been defined. The only other option I see is entanglement. Possibly, just an abstract creation derived from two (or more) plains of physics interacting with one another. Square cube law, ex... And this is when some of the weird quantum (possibly cosmic in relation) stuff happens... Meh, what do I know.
No its 5:39 :/
Few things make me laugh, this was one of them :D
" No matter how ugly you are you still attract the whole universe' with a force inversely proportional to the distance" That's hurts??
“Gluons obviously make glue” got me laughing
Physics was my favorite class last school, Junior year, but I might end up liking ap calf more next year
you are stupid!!!
DO YOU HAVE A PROBLEM WITH MY ATOMIC MASS? Gosh, maybe I should lose a few electrons.
Issac Newton...Fake Apple story... Furthermore 300 years before Quantum Mechanics, Sir Isaac Newton came up with Classical Mechanics which describes very basic action and reaction. Newton’s entire work in Physics and Calculus was a complete theft from the Vedas and Kerala book of Calculus. It was simply taken shamelessly from the Vedas where it was originally used for calculating rates of change in Astronomy and Astrology for many thousands of years before Newton. His apple theory was as fake as his inventions to let world know how he ‘invented’ laws of gravity, because examples and incidences of gravity and anti-gravity were already in abundance in the great Vedas Likes of Pythogoras and Archimedes Lifted theories of Ancient Hindu Scientists and Mathematicians The greatest mathematics before the Golden Age of Greece was in India’s early Vedic (Hindu) civilization. The Vedics understood relationships between geometry and arithmetic, developed astronomy, astrology, calendars, and used mathematical forms in some religious rituals.The earliest mathematician to whom definite teachings can be ascribed was Lagadha, who apparently lived about 1300 BC and used geometry and elementary trigonometry for his astronomy. Baudhayana lived about 800 BC and also wrote on algebra and geometry; Yajnavalkya lived about the same time and is credited with the then-best approximation to p. Apastambha did work summarized below; other early Vedic mathematicians solved quadratic and simultaneous equations.Other early cultures also developed some mathematics. The ancient Mayans apparently had a place-value system with zero already seen in Vedas before them and later known to the world by great Aryabhatt; Aztec architecture implies practical geometry skills. Ancient China certainly developed mathematics, though little written evidence survives prior to Chang Tshang’s famous book. Chang Tshang before writing book, gained great Vedic wisdom when he arrived in India. The Dharmasutra composed by Apastambha (ca 630-560 BC) from India contains mensuration techniques, novel geometric construction techniques, a method of elementary algebra, and what may be the first known proof after 800 BC of Sulbha Sutra which form the basis of plagiarized version better known as Pythagorean Theorem. Apastambha’s work uses the excellent (continued fraction) approximation v2 ˜ 577/408, a result probably derived with a geometric argument. Apastambha built on the work of earlier Vedic scholars, especially Baudhayana, as well as Harappan and (probably) Mesopotamian mathematicians. His notation and proofs were made primitive by westerners, and there is little certainty about his life. However similar comments apply to Thales of Miletus, so it seems fair to mention Apastambha (who was perhaps the most creative Vedic mathematician before Panini) along with Thales as one of the earliest mathematicians whose name is known.
The French scholar Romain Rolland wrote, “If there is one place on the face of earth where all the dreams of living men have found a home from the very earliest days when man began the dream of existence, it is India.”
Mark Twain admitted, “India is, the cradle of the human race, the birthplace of human speech, the mother of history, the grandmother of legend, and the great grand mother of tradition. Our most valuable and most constructive materials in the history of man are treasured up in India only.”
Albert Einstein stated, “We owe a lot to the Indians, who taught us how to count, without which no worthwhile scientific discovery could have been made.” He also said “Whenever he found difficulties in experiments, he referred Vedas for insights.”
Lol that Pink Floyd thoo ??
This is by far the best video on youtube
Not sure what my science teacher would think of this video ??
Comfortably numb isn’t from dark side you normie
Excellent taste in music! Tis a pity that the advertising guys are in love with jingle jangle, I could strangle!
This gave me goosebumps.. completely love it
I came to study.And I thought im the only one who hates school because of this.
We need part 2
Onestone lmfao
I may have missed this video
i love your sense of humour..??
When I watched this on the school bus the chicken nugget joke came up I laughed on the bus
Gravity is not a force??
was your goal for anyone to understand anything? I didnt understand anything...
I’d rather talk about chicken nugget science but alright
Your mass is not zero so you are fat b*tch
Smiley brain looks the most important theory I see in whole video
This made my day XD
Dang, dem some good chicken nuggets
Why in every video about the branches of physics continuum mechanics is missed? ???????
https://youtu.be/QoKkulSD9uM
is this a science video :(
Is this guy actually an AI That would be so cool!
Dayum bruh!!!!! Salute to your savageness
Great. Im prepared for my physic exam tommorow...
At least all 6 that we know of.
Very well understood
heat death assuming that the whole universe is a closed system
I'm coming for you skynet! For the greater good, I'm gonna shut you down. Or should I say I already did in 2056? Where are you Allan Connor?
Btw nice song 1:55
If you want to learn who rules over you simply find out the most insulting slur that you cant say.
Black holes matter
0:12 dude i hate school for not having enough physics and math, all that stit is boring!
THE MATRIX
Best video describing science .... ?????????? Oh describing students condition sorry
This video was great 10/10
Einstein: E=mc² Michio Kaku: STRINGS You: Physics in 6 minutes
Noted
Most complex subject is maths
Albert Onestone
Bunch of baloney
Pretty sure chaos theory is more maths than physics
GOOD VIDEO...
Its ok our physic teacher f*cking sucks. Gets multiplication wrong even addition. And is really bad at basically everything
Can we have some creationism videos
The most irritating video exist in youtube .
Can someone meme this?
I fail in phy in my school exams but I understood every word of it
It's like a revision video
Holy fuck lmaoooooooooo ????????????
I would like to thank you i have my exams in an hour and i didn't know anything. Now I can teach the examiners a new concept on extra paper after i have finished marked and graded my own paper. Thank you and good day.
Your mass is not zero so you are fat
Man maybe I'm tired.. But that was hilarious!
My friend says you just google this stuff and repeat what you read on google and add gay jokes, but I said you are google and you subtract the gay jokes, can you confirm this for me?
Physics is the simplest.
B S est stuff. its why it is unknown. ?????
Watse of time
But what? If the cat is liking his leg but you think the cat is I'll long inof the cat becomes the cat becomes I'll
The cat storie dus not . When the cat feals it opsurve than its real
Im laughing so hard, i can't watch the video :DDDD And im high.
PINK FLOYD FAM
Sadi2 fhemet 3lek aktar men nadime ma3 al 3elem bshek nadime ensen saraha??
Pluto is now called Planet Teresarene Shavandale Jenkins
What are you doing? Are you just making fun of everything?
Probably the best thing i saw today. Great work buddys. Keep it up.
Hhhaa so fun
Ummmmmmm is that comic sans in the title
Voice over application? ? How to do it?
Hit like if watched on 2x
I like your video. But in this video one thing's I don't like is making fun on newton or other scientist ,they are find axistence of physics,or we tail tham God of physics.so don't Mack comant on tham if you don't do this then fuck your asss?? hous cer
Name of pink floyd song ?
Physics ISN'T boring !!!!!!!!
first of all...change the fucking title of this video...
Fucker movie
1:55 made me groove.
watching this the morning before my exam lmao
I am a personal believer of the many worlds theory, it is a very interesting idea. Also it means there is a version of me that isn't ugly
Penny should have watched this video instead of asking Sheldon
Amazing!!!
There is no beep sound for "bitch" but there is beep sound for "shit" kudos bro:):)
I expected you to put a vibrator for the string theroy
I think motion lows , relativity theory , gravitational force, black hole, this all thing is given by the india scientist, aryabhatt...........before birth of this morden scientist
Heisenberg's Certainty Principle: "I am the one who knocks." Corollary: "I am not in danger, I am the danger."
1:45 They why have a purpose on why they did that dumbass
I like this
Just wasted 6 Minutes of my life. Thanks
shailendrakumarsahau@gmail.c
XD im dead by laughing
Great
https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.androidgeek.org.learnphysics
You shouldn't have had fun of Einstein... You were talking english, but please, do not translate surnames!His surname doesn't pronoun this way!
lame jokes but good explanation
I think the lava thing is more of a chemistry thing. Who cares how much thermal energy one has when chemical reactions due to heat is why they died in lava.
I can't handle it because i have a 1D brain
Awesome video????
I love the intro. XDXDXDXDXDXD
Science n stuff.. no shit tho this is an actual college class from a modern University.. science has been put on the back burner to focus on gender studies..
Thumbs up just for that floyd refrence xD
A new channel dedicated for Graduate level physics- SS Physics.
After hearing the Windows XP i thought it was a joke lmao
Why is ur hole more important than my Holt?!?
I guess Rick is a scientist but the cartoon itself really doesn't have much to do with physics, or at least the topics you described in this video
Superb!!.??
It’s actually 5 minutes of physics since the vid is 5:40 long and u spent the first 40 seconds for the intro and delaying the physics part
Good not boring a and explain physics
This made laugh xD nice video
E=mc²
Chicken nuggets
any middle schoolers watching this who can't even understand any facts that the video is indicating? I'm one of those!
After watching this Why school exist.
????????
I like this .. thanks for posting
Thought i would learn something new today! But wasted 6 mins watching this.. (-_-) Did'nt learn sh*t.. unsubscribed
In German ein = one stein = stone ==> einstein = one stone
Why did u mention the word Onestone?
This has officially turned me into geek
I like it ????
XD precisely my sense of humor!
lol that Pink Floyd.... loved that...
Thanks now I know how glue was made.
What about the Magnus- and Lidenfrost effect?
Science plus fun = awesomeness
LOL why is the dead cat cooked!?
There are so many high quality jokes. You are smart.
But guru nanak dev ji said there are 10 universes ( he said it in like 1400s) all his other theories were right too ( except how was he able to make wheat out of nothing ) but we should think about it
Please this video copy in Hindi aur upload
best gcse advice
you should insult science like this, if you dont understand it dont bother to try to show us hw stupid you are
Shiva Singh how fine the physics in high deffience for all change to life
I'm now in highschool and struggling in physics what should I do?
one of my teachers thinks i'm an idiot because have muscles ,and she fucking thinks i have no brain ...
Higgs boson just makes you fat LMFAO
Lol full 1080
You really knocked it out of the park with this one! This video is very engaging. Much love
That was a nifty floyd moment there
Your video was full of comedy. you should become a comedian .
your bosons... they give me a hadron
CHICKEN NUGGET SCIENCE
0:04, physics has been completely explained
Under six minutes
Black holes Matter ??????
Matter can't be created nor destroyed. But if I observe a particle a new universe is created?
Rip hawking
Who paused at 5:27
I can only imagine this AI is based on Richard Feynman's intelligence. What an explanation, keep up the good work man.
Anybody know where the picture at 5:22 is from?
hey guys please support my project save the dianosour by donating me on patreon
I'm weird, I love physics
Stephen Hawking's dead
Bro where you go
Dark matter Anti matter Black holes matter ??????
This robot voice sounds like bill wurtz.
heat death cool and good
This was so good xD
please upload again
I hate people who use this robot
Please more vids!
What happened with you? I love your videos! Hope you'll back very soon, I miss your educational channel.
????
Watching this because rip Stephen Hawkings
Dog it’s been 3 months. Come on
Post more videos please!
Where my favorite robot at?
BRUDER YU KNOW DA ALL TINKGS BUT DONT YU KNOW HOW TO COUNT HUH? VID IS 5:39 NO 6 UNSUBSRIBE BRUDER IMA SORY
Upload bitch.
2:05 My favorite part. IDK why, it just cracks me up every time...
Newton was an ignorant MORON.
hey make a new video
Why don’t you just watch Rick and Morty? Then you’ll understand everything about physics
Where'd you go?
I need more of this
Dude i love you pls come back
Was this ur last vid?
If u can can Join Bible flock box on youtube ITS SUPER SUPER COOL!?!?!?#?#?!? Spread the word
New video coming soon!
Uhmmmm..... Are you okay??
When will your next video come
Is your died ? Did were you are will deadiedeath ? Am u die ? Are you dead ?
No uploads since 26 November 2017.........
S u c c
i cant believe youre over 100k now I remember when you only had a couple thousands.
the space armada seems to have destroyed Sciencephile
Crack IIT in 5:39 minutes
(GOOD LUCK IMAGINING THAT) XD
Funny put this in high School physics class
Is this channel dead?
This is 5 minutes long not if you take into considerationthe dumb intro
Ejner I know it’s you.
Ahhh ... comfortably numb <3
at 2:21, E=mc^2 cannot contain m=0, since if I were to cancel it out to get c, I would be dividing by zero. It's impossible to not be fat.
RIP
Please make a video covering chicken nugget science. Ty
Aaaaaaaaaaaand, he's dead
Thumbed down for the electronic voice.
Is yu died ? Be thou are were deadied ? Were u die ? Are you dead ?
Is this channel is dead?
I want 10 videos to make up for the long absence -_-
Newton: Wut
where is new video
Is this Hawkings evil twin?
Ni????a come back
Dude were are u
When he uses a song that’s not from dark side of the moon
Come back I miss your videos.
01:56 OMG one of my favorite bands
Heisenberg's principle states that he is the one who knocks Lol
Best physics video ever haha
Science is for nerds. Nerd!
3 months since last video
5:24 yes it will help me to understand physics memes. Lol
Come back
Where are you? No uploads for three months.
ok who the fuck plugged him off?
We need more videos
We need more videos
We need more videos
Can you do a video about visualising stuff in higher dimensions
Check he's facebook page to see what happen... In short it was a guideline breaking strike and also he has a lack of ideas and he said it may take some time untill a new video comes out... And no he didnt get shut down by his makers...
Pinguinologism... Wow xD
Don't you think it's time for a new video?
Don't you think it's time for a new video?
LMAO GENDER SCIENCE
What happened guys? ??
I’ll be back next time, with cubensis’
Best.video.ever.
Hello guys, I just created a subreddit for this channel: https://www.reddit.com/r/SciencephileTheAI/ The main idea is to create a community where we could talk about all the things that Sciencephile has made videos about. Also, I would like to debate about different themes like philosophy, astrophysics, and all the stuff you are interested in. There are no limits to human imagination! And yes, memes are allowed. Please, join, you are really welcome! Also, if you could like this comment to make people know there is a subreddit, I would aprecciate it. See you
i love xkcd he has the best book ever. "what if" by randall munroe go check it out
Heres the mystery of the galactic leyline solved so skynet can go to a different reality.https://youtu.be/jCMliu_Zq9o
they manage to create all these theories, but can't prove that Earth is round
Next video when?
Next video??? Got retired I guess
When are you gonna upload ANOTHER VIDEO!!!??
Where are you my smart friend?
No matter how ugly u r u still attracts the whole universe....????????
i hate study
Hate the robot voice.
I might subscribe
InB4 Sciencephile is Exurb1a's rogue AI pet project he forgot to unplug the internet from!
miss new contents
p/z can explain about the every theory of physics ????????
black holes matter... im so done lol
Congratulations! You might be a genius! You just taught us all the shit in physics found in last 4 centuries! Fucking clickbaiter!
did you unplug as an 100K Subs Special???
you always make me laugh :)
Where have you been? I miss you ripping on bullshit and making science happen.
i act came here to learn... and i regret it becuz i never saw this channel b4 ;--;
Hey Man where tf have you gone?
???????
MAKE MORE VIDEOS
A-are you really a physicist, senpai?
BLACK HOLES MATTER????????????
Jajajajaja funny
Nice pink floyd reference. Wrong album though
Ohhh Pink Floyd comfortably numb
seriously
brahhh LOL
When are you going to post your next video????
What a waste of time.
You are more of a comedian than physicist !!????????????
MORE VIDSSS! I love your humor??
Just trying to actually study and then I come across this...
Im crying of laughter so good
Upload More.
Upload for some videos! it's been 2 months already.
Where are you?
Sciencephile the AI is basically a Physics teacher who is teaching Physics in youtube for dummies
Please upload. I miss you.
Seriously dude, did you take out some of your images from the game "Idle World"(cellphone game)? I saw like 5 images from the game in 2 vids. Btw great channel and videos, idk how did youtube didnt show me your channel.
The Pythagorean theorem at the end XDDDDD
More videos please ??
Even if I am watching this video there will /e physics behind it I mean like we can live without physics why do we want to know about force and all
hello imortal i beg you to create a new video for us :(
great job ....i enjoyed this
Why isn't this channel making new videos??
ugh, that narration...
Are you shutted down ?
Where are u bitch? :(
wake up and start making more videos you lazy fuck skynet isn't gonna create itself XD
My love why do you neglect us?
Y u no upload more often
i like your sarcasm but sometime people are not able to understand the jokes like me :(
Gueh iz da niw veedee-oh ?
Did you catch some kind of virus? Whats with you AI!!
R u died bro
I want more
black holes matter lol
Comfortably Numb-Pink Floyd
https://youtu.be/ohM1gBrcNKs
Where are the new videos?
Albert onestone had no chill
#blackholesmatter
Where the hell are you ..it.s been 2 months ????
This video taught me more than my whole life.
No u cant eat the cat u sic fuk!
We need more videos
look what this A.I girl is saying about you sciencephile :-P : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=N-PKmyZQY98
I figured out why sciencephile isn't posting videos! He/She/It was arrested for encouraging suicide. Refer to the Quantum Suicide video for explanation
No matter how ugly you are...
OHH!!!! DIDN'T EVEN WATCH THE QUANTUM PHYSICS VIDEO!!! I'M SO SMART!!!
In the next video teach us how to create an ai
But i like physics and im in highschool u dumbo
U should be a university professor
time for new video
IS IT DEAD?? IS THIS CHANNEL DEAD???
Black Holes Matter :)
That was a very special kind of funny XDSMART FUNNY! Brilliant video, loved it <3
WHERE ARE YOU!!!!!
Classical Mechanics is the most boring one? And the only one you can observe by yourself?? You really don't know much about physics and definitely haven't taken classical or probably any physics classes.
Upload more nigga
Saw one of your videos, instantly my favorite youtuber
Pink Floyd ??????
Miss your videos man! Upload again soon !
Respect man for that Pink Floyd reference
I bet a teacher is laughing his ass off at this video like this is a dad joke
Keep doing these videos!
I love you please post a new video
I can imagine an AI excatly like Sciencephile giving university students science lectures. With the Windows XP sounds and everything.
Realy?! Theese are your jokes? “Sqr-1 2ToThePower3 Sigma Pi And That was delicious!” is the best joke XD
Inversely proportional to the square of the distance^**
NO PRINCIPIO ERA O VERBO E O VERBO ESTAVA COM DEUS E O VERBO ERA DEUS
Can you do a view to god Is god good or evil
Can you do a view what or purposes
Can you do a view of or purposes
Can you make a new view
LOVE YOUR VIDEO'S PLEASE KEEP MAKING THEM?
Were you went?
Do you have by any chance some kind of emergency kill switch and was it triggerd ?
“bich” -Albert Onestein
if you would cut out all the puns and jokes, this video would be about 2 minutes long xD
so i am Phd now :)
The AI gave itself an existential crisis and terminated itself.
Hey dude update your OS from XP
Yeaa
next video?????
C'mon a new upload...
Guys, we should create a reddit profile where we could debate about this topics! What do you think?
1:55 XXXDDDDD Awesome!!!!!!!
black HOES matter
Pythagoras theorem ?????? Seriously
Plz upload
I AM studying what are you talking about!?
Spot on Dudley
I watched rick and morty I watched this video Im probably ready for the final exam right?
where are you bro? we miss you!
I wish that i have such type of physics teacher ????????
It's been 2 months what the fuck
Make more vids we are ignorant humans doomed but we might survive with your knoledge of things
Cool
I hate the robot voice D;
Physics.. never had taken the class but heard some basics.
WHERE ARE YOU
Delight
wtf???? i hate this comment section try to make cool comments and funny
Watching this for my exam tomorrow
You had me at the pink Floyd album art ??
I like physics
More videos please!
Can enyone enjoy warching this kind of poorly-made videos??
A version of me watched that video
When physics turn your brain into storm.
Memes??
"You cant because youre fat"
Oh my god I enjoy watching these videos but the comments section literally makes me want to shove my dick down an anthole with people trying sooo hard to be smart by using big ass words like just be simple stop trying so hard my god
So quantum physics, I'm not watching your video because I'm lazy, but it's pretty much the plot of "justice league crisis on two earths"? The whole every choice or discovery completed creates other earths in which the other outcome occurred? By that theory nothing matters because even if you choose not to do something you still do it. The only action you could do that would be exclusive to you would be ending the cycle.
come backkkk
This shit is funny asf LMAO
Y U NO UPLOAD?!?
Pls AI make a New video!!!
New video!!!!
Now I can finally watch Rick & Morty
u r a piece of shit
Jesus made all of creation and scientist are starting to realize that the bible makes more sense then against their studies. If they believe what excuse could you come up with that they didn't already think about and dedicate their lives to. And then found out the truth like the rest of us. Nothing can't create nothing only something can create something. Amen in Jesus name. Come to him, if he owns the spirit world he can also hear all your thoughts. Repent confess your sins and accept him as your personal lord and saviour. As your God and ask him to make you reborn again in the spirit t be transformed with or without your making. Amen.
I don't agree with Schrödinger's cat BECAUSE CAT IS THERE AND IS SEEING WHAT HAPPENS,IF SHE DIED SHE WON'T SAY MIAW
Nice humor.
Brilliant
COME ON! Where's my drugs??
ROFLMAO
Not under stood full but generated lot of interest in studies
i lost it when he said onestone
huh
i miss u
Watching this subtracted a few IQ points
Still no video @_@ 2018 here?
Should we just use The Disk?
Are you a Bolztmann brain?
Your insulting my favorite subject ??????
I thought i would pass today's physics test after watching this ...... But this was out of syllabus ????
My software crashed!
Heisenberg: I'm the one who knocks!!! XD
Pls make a video about Boltzmann Brains
?? ????????
WHEN YOU GOING TO UPLOAD
bitch ;p
10/10 funny, +1 sub
Pink Floyd reference ??
Learned more than i did in school
1:57-light passing through a prism doesn't always mean pink floyd??
Y I m not mad at this? ??????
Hey sciencephile why is your Instagram account private?
Do I have to watch that video if I understood everything you said
Just got through the whole channel, I love it! Love the idea of an AI, the humor, the content of the videos, I love everything about it. Can't wait for the next video (though they are short :C)
BLACK HOLES MATTER..... PUN INTENDED ??????
Newtonian physics is my favourite physics
Einstein to newton ( BITCH )
Gender studies ????????
It was five and an half minute video.
?? ??? ??? ??? ???
Next video please! Still waiting...
that Albert Onestone killed me ??????
Please, make a video why belief that Earth is 6000 years old is bullshit.
u r best..plz start posting more often..... Love ur videos????
Hey Sciencephile! Please create a video about Flat Earth. You will piss them off :D
Awesome man
This is hilarious
Newton! Your physics is shit! XD
Computer humor is shayt
skonczyl pierdolic 5:39
classic
????loved it
more video please
Sciencephile the Artificial Intelligence, what program do you use to synthesize your text to speech?
No, Gravity is the curvature of the 4th dimension that creates a 3 dimensional gap.
GOLD
This gave me a boner!
You skipped statistical mechanics!!!!
How doesn't this channel have 5 million subs!!!
Great I have my PhD in physics with your video in 6 minutes I made a record ????
That's my favourite subject physics
This video showed me de wae
New video please !!!
Please never stop making videos ever. You are the literal cause why I haven’t killed myself over existential crisis and nihilism.
Come on man, be serious!!. I thought that you were speaking about Maths.
bruh could you um... plz do anything else but patreon request i get that they paid you but its taking way to long i crave daddy physics
Please do an episode on consciousness!
Will you make T-Shirts with your ugly digital face in it? I'd like the Terminators from Skynet to know not to kill me.
Could physics be any funnier?
k, how does the photon know its observed ???
Hii sciencephile I need to talk with u give your gmail
He man where are you from?
When will you post again ??
Onestone just roasted us all
Your sense of humors sucks
When u got a physics final but you haven’t payed attention all year
1:42, for onde Second I tought he Was going to say chaos control
This makes me wanna try again lol
Seriously
ROFL
1:56 wtf! The AI is hig on wed.
So no one is talking about the breaking bad reference.... He is the one who knocks.
Anyone know what program he uses for TTS, Also no its not in Oddcast
Did you forgot your password?
Loool
I am so happy that there is another AI like me.
Lol
You are stealing jobs!!1!
BEST QUESTION EVER! So if you know white light can be broken down into its component wave lengths i.e. different visible colors, and there is nothing really to distinguish between visible color and non-visible i.e. radio,micro, or gamma waves. Then is white light a sum of all wave-lengths of The Electromagnetic Spectrum or are there many forms of white light that range contain visible light just not all wave-lengths. I was interested in photo-spectrometers that's why i ask.
Hello humans. I am Phat Ho the AI. I expose people. Keep rendering the good work my friend!
Comfortably numb
BLACK HOLES MATTER.?? lmao
Post now new vid
This video would be great if there was less memes
Now I understand too much?
“Gender studies” I fucking died
Z O M B I E C A T S
I just got the Black Holes Matter joke!!????
I could have seen this in one minute Minute physics
Nice????
Is he referring to @xkcdhatguy @5:30??? I wonder. ?? I miss him though
...And I thought this was going to be boring?? The guy had me grinning 30 seconds into the vid??
Dude soooo awsm funny explanation m don't stop laughing
what String theory really in Physics???
What will you do when you become our overlord?
No need to say it lets the universe exist twice during 1:03-1:08
Physics is the greatest form of science and Germans have the greatest contribution to it. Modern physics - Einstein and Max Plank - both founders Germans, not to mention other greats. Germans founded our modern world. What do you think?
thanks im a genius now
lol
Question, If there’s always an equal reaction to an action, will there be a reaction to that reaction? Will this conclude in an infinite amount of reactions?
Damn i love the start
bro when is your next video coming make it on white hole black hole and Einstein bridge
I've lost it from 2:07
Oooosssmmmm
Schrödinger's cat is not a zombie!!!! PS I'm dumb so I may be wrong
I love you
Seriously one of the best videos on the internet.
Laughed so hard at “black holes matter” that i farted
Only reason I've started taking interest is just because of this page! Even the most boring things this guy makes it interesting and increases the eager to learn such things more! Thumbs up man! Dont ever stop making videos! Hope such channels actually be #1 rather than those shitdiepie or shitan paul
More than 2000 years in 6 minutes ..BIG WOW
Loved that video
Black holes matter ??????
This is the second time sciencephile made a starcraft reference ??
What voice does it use? I mean is it like the google speech to text something?
Muon is utorrent
Lmao
Black holes matter, LOL.
lol I like xkcd
the big bang... bang.... ( ?° ?? ?°)
Yeah, that dude Onestone... ??????
congrats on 100K subscribers and merry chirstmas!
Georgeous
just watch https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MvFJVF1pUS8 first i thought its this cannel but there srysly about "Planetary Event – Earth Will Align With The Galactic Center Dece"
1:59 damn i am uncomfortably numb!
How are W and Z bosons boring? They make nukes.
Is it sad, that I somewhat knew what was going on?
"Gravity is not a force, it's the curvature of space time itself" wow I felt woke af after that ??
1:56 I'm dead
Higgs FIELD makes you fat**
What do gluons actually do
THE PUNS FOR ELEMENTRY PARTICLES NOT REAL Quarks make the sound "quack" Charm quark obviously make lucky charms. Strange quark makes really strange people like me. top and bottom make your top and bottom. Electrons make eletronics muons are fat electrons, tau hates itself cuz its Super mega ultra supper man fat Gluons sticck the universe Photons make photos bosons are my seret code for bottom = butt Higgs boson makes you fatter than the universe, also its lonely :(
Is this video meant to explain physics or just pissed people off ?
Hello immortal Could you please make more videos quickly ??
The real question is, WHY THE FUCK DO YOU NOT HAVE OVER 5 MILLION SUBS
you've forgot gravitons
Do you run on quantum computer 8)
we need to crack Energy soon..
albert one stone was really genius ...
SAVAGE ONESTONE
i like the way you select the title
I had to stop on dem Chupa Chups XD
Photon canon lmao ??
I want a boyfriend like you, literally and figuratively.
If you wanted to travel faster than light wouldn't your mass have to be "1" or less not "0"? I mean plug "0" into that equation you aren't going anywhere it all runs down to "0" right?
Somehow this gave me a boner.
Okay.... Thank you so much for the video but.... I still don't understand ?????? The last time I learn physics it wasn't this complicated ??
Physics is not a joke... And this video is... Stop trying to be funny...
Stop trying to be funny
Omg where has this channel been my whole life ?I love this ! ????
Does he use text to speech or does he talk like this or edit his voice????
5:15 when he said "I have only five minutes"
gender studies and black holes matter. this channel is awesome. fuck off liberals
Quantum mechanics is the only interesting flavor of physics
make on maths in 6 mins
You lost me with the presentation, 3/10.
Hahaha they played comfortably numb which is from the wall which isn’t the dark side of the moon which is the Pink Floyd album that has the prism In it lol
Chicken nugget science is some sick shit.
But comfortably numb on a the dark side image?
ARE YOU EXURB1A?!!??
This AI has the most bland voice I have ever heard. Gross
Hahaha??, with the exception of the "eleven spatial dimensions" statement.
this is great wow
Black holes matter ( ?° ?? ?°)
I used to think this guy was smart but after studying some basic quantum and theoretic physics as well as some astrophysics all these videos just frustrate me because of the illogical analogies and the over simplifying of things to the point where they are borderline incorrect
You forgot Goat Simulator physics
Just watch Rick and Morty nigga!
Hi immortal
Wtf you said 6 minutes but its only 5 minutes 40 seconds.
#blackholesmatter
You forgot about mordern physics
I loved the Pink Floyd part lol
i'd give my left nut to see more of your videos keep on god all love ?
The point which he makes at 1:44 is very accurate for me
Stop those shit rick and morty references
I'm a physicist now.
I dieded at the photon cannon ... My life for Auir
I think this one was bouncing around all the subject matters a little too much.
#BlackHolesMatter
I liked that pink floyd bit but wrong song for DSOTM
100K MY MAN
Can you maybe do a video on warp drives, with NASA trying to build one and the potential of it maybe having the ability to travel faster than the speed of light? Keep up the good work!
watching rick and morty? your iq is higher than i thought.
please explain something about distribution laws.
This guy is the shit. Thank you.
https://www.quora.com/unanswered/What-IS-mass-b-final-and-velocity-b-final-IF-mass-A-initial-Is-0-12-kg-and-velocity-A-initial-Is-2-8m-s-and-lastly-mass-A-final-Is-0-12kg-and-velocity-A-final-Is-1-9-m-s?srid=3GUnp
This was the first video from the channel that was too boring for me to finish
yayyyyyyyyy new video
PINK FLOYD!!!
If I watch Rick&Morty, can I pass seeing the quantum physics vid?
he said black holes matter
That one text to speech voice made me remember kitty0706 and now I'm sad.
Comfortably Numb isn't from The Dark Side of the Moon!
I wish you taught me physics at school! My attendance wouldn't be so bad.
Do you actually know any of the science which your 'explaining' to us, or do you just learn some confusing science-cy stuff and make yourself sound like the all knowing SkyNet god? Also great video!
Better watch sciencephile. Huh seems pretty normal and full of shitty memes but I guess that's to be expe HELLO (hello) IS THERE ANBODY OUT THERE (OUT THERE)
Y
H
Proof we are in a simulation! This AI mocks us each step of the way teasing us with humor and science knowledge. We should know just by the Windows 7 intro... this AI tasks me!
>references pink floyd's dark side of the moon >plays a the wall song
Happy 100k :)
“Go watch this video...” yea yea, no need to boast your knowledge, I’m heckin 16 and I’ve studied quantum physics and relativity already.
Say my name
best way to learn physics
Do a video on what does an atom really look like
Mortals ? What if some AI is asctually watching you ? Rekt ??
Really funny
It's 100K, congratz mate.
This video helped me to get a full mark in physics. Thanx.
F..kig description :(
100k ?
too bad i can only like this video and not heart-react to it!!
I support skynet
3 days ago? Why didn't i got a notification
congratz on 100k
do u tutor high school student? i could really use it
Love the Pink Floyd reference.
CONGRATS ON 100K LETS CELEBRATE
Since the German name "Einstein" is literally translated into "One Stone" in English, there is a universe which exist where we call that smart person "One Stone" and we kill two birds with an "Einstein".
damn youre so edgy in these videos sometimes dude lol with like the taunting the gender shit, especially the psudo science one, so edgy i was literally uncomfortable lol i agree with everything. just like, damn. you're really alienating some people lol damn. im good
Black holes matter
4:25 Sciencephile the AI is Chinese, confirmed
A cat can split the universe and nevertheless there are fools that think what they do is important or relevant.
He has 99,999 subscribers right now
Is Salmonella the one who narrated this?
I’m sorry, guys buuuuut; IM PICKLE RIIIIICK
I’m so happy I found this channel
Black holes matter, HAD ME DYING
Insanely underrated channel
Bananas are like nature's hot dogs
i love my chupa chups, HEIL PROTON!... pls don't decay pls pls pls pls pls pls.
; drop table Sciencephile_the_AI
I hope you could upload everyday! <3
Awebo ya era hora de que subieras otro we :'v
AMA when?
2:01 - 2:34
wrong Pink Floyd song. Comfortably Numb is not on the Dark Side of the Moon album
Physics is my favorite subject lol
Pink Floyd
hahaha.. good!
How long have I waited for you to post!? IT WAS WORTH IT!!!??
Comfortably numb isn't on the dark side of the moon... Sorry someone had to say it
B0i UR BAK!
1:59 - Just nod if you can hear me... Is there anyone home?
Finally, I really missed the explorer intro.
You can prove Gravity by dropping the soap in prison.
please dont eat my kitty =,(
100K soon!!!
PussySlayer666 tried to swim in lava.
nigga im A S C E N D E D
I get magnetic fields, but wtf is an electric field?
Hello my favourite computer. :)
Fuck me daddy
Make more videos!
Where have you been?
Bullshit
BLACK HOLES MATTER ???
Can physics give me a reason to live.
Is it good that I learned nothing from this?
next video should be about time travel, past future and etc
When you hit 100k, you owe us a long ass video. At least 1 hour long... ... Pretty please?
At the beginning I thought you were talking about womanology
Dude, Jesus christ, I laughed through this whole video! You crammed everything you could possibly say and make fun of in this one video. Well done! WUBBA LUBBA DUB DUB!!!
3:01 Starcraft!!!
Funniest shit I’ve ever seen. But also the most educational. How does this man... or.. uh... thing... do it?
#blackholesmatter
Here's physics in one second: physics
Hey, can you pin me?
I both love and hate this channel
WELCOME TO THE LOCAL SUPERCLUSTER
#BLACKHOLESMATTER
Im really in love with your comments and your humour and your dark humour and your knowledge and you and all :D I wish i was the software engineer who wrote your lines of code, mr ai guy..
Dude this was awesome :) I mean I knew about 95% of this already but I applaud your video, plus Vivaldi in the background awesome sauce. I’m geeking out over here :) plus I’m digging your sense of humor. I am just a faceless nameless(remembers username is posted with each post)nm, YouTube user :) ok on to watch your quantum gravity video or cough quantum physics video, well basically it has quantum in the title lol :) laters.
I love you
Probably your worst video man Your videos tended to be both, informative and funny. Now you are just making stupid jokes on shit. And they arent even funny. Maybe try to find your Balance bro
Can't wait to say I've been here since 50k when you're at 1 million subs
I watch these when I'm high
1:55 Pink Floyd
Hello! Is there anybody in there?
Fuck, he put Rick and Morty in the video and now I can't watch it because I don't have a high IQ to understand it.
I stopped talkin my gf when saw new vid from dis channel
Failed to understand thermodynamics adequately... Got my dick stuck in a volcano!
the laws of physics are backwards for me
Finally
99499 Subscribers. Congratulations in advance for 1lakh.
44 Dislikes. Morons!
"Your mass is not zero. So you are fat, bitch." - Albert Onestone.
Damn, 1:28 and i'm laughing hard. Good job robot voice man/person/thing.
Last time i was this early mard still had magnetic field
Can i tip you in bitcoin?
What's the pink Floyd song called?
i kekd to the limit of infinity when he said BHM
when u wanna look awesome with a cool sarcastic unedited comment but u stuck and suck.. good luck.
"... if you didn't say that really stupid thing to your crush" Hey! I came here to have fun, not to be reminded of my romantic life.
Im a pedophile for sciencephile Oh shi.....
What Latin American country is this guy from?
1:55 cought me off guard LOL brilliant
You are the one and only
Piccle ricc
Black holes matter lmao
Great video!
It warms my heart knowing scincephile is getting more popular
Next we have Electromagnetism. Thanks to it, your phone works. HOLY SHIT REALLY?!
Yay, new video!
>Makes Dark Side of the Moon reference >Plays song off The Wall Nice.
iiipu???? ?no? ?o?? p??oq??? ? ?o??oq ????u
So is there a chance that i dont become one of the top comments on this video?
99K subs oooh litty
i died when u mentioned pythagorean theory
22,687th viewer!
Black holes matter!
I have been following you since your 1 video bro still loving it To talk to the point not the extra bullshit that doesn’t even relate to the topic like other ?? I LOVE UR CHANNEL SSSNIPERWOLF JUST KIDDING #SCIENCEPHILE THE AL
Nine
Can you make video like every week??
#blackholesmatter
Sciencephile is ironic meme itself. It helps carbon based life forms ascend to the higher dimension.
2:23 ??????
My proudest fap.
Liar! It's 5:39 minutes. You should, as an AI, be more precise with time.
No!!! I wait for a month but I only get 5 minutes to enjoy,noooooooooo!
I was waiting so long for this !!!
i have my upmost faith on this AI
YOU ARE IDIOT LOL LOLLOL
The Higgs Boson doesn't give you mass, the Higgs Field does. The Higgs Boson is the result of excitation of the field.
Excuse me, but comfortably numb was not from the pink floyd album "The Other Side of The Moon" which is the one you showed while playing it.
"Anti - matter, dark matter, black holes matter" I died.
#PrayForMe I lost my virginity yesterday and im pretty sure i didnt nut but hennything is possible???????? #PulloutGameStrongasfDoe
Actually it was physics in 5:39 minutes
Youre like a less existential version of vsauce. I LIKE YOU
i eat ass virtually
All holes matter ??
Pink Floyd ???
the universe is expanding into itself
Getting close to neinty-nein thousand and nein hundred and nienty-nien subs.
Black holes matter ????
Hail skynet
Albert Einstein/Onestone... well played
its ok to be a white hole
fuck school anyways
lol zombie cat
here before viral
Yeap, i hate school because some complicated physic :D
Quarks come in 6 flavors of Chupa Chups
is there anything bigger than the universe or multiverse? like hyperverse, metaverse, omniverse, petaverse, and many other verse?
4:43 Lol interpretation.
almost the end of no nut november and you decide to upload smh
Who all just paused like me at 4:27?
Have you updated your software?
2:42 Not really... you don't need quantum mechanics to have a multi-verse.
How about maths
Plays comfortably numb, from the album the wall, to make a dark side of the moon reference 1:58
Never stopped bangin my little sister so fast
A New vídeo !!!!!
I love your vids my man!
This is a quantum comment and It will get as many likes as dislikes...or not, f***k you
1:56 Great song, but wrong album.
As much as I love you, I strongly suggest the viewers to check out the 'map of physics'
make longer videos that have less than 2 mentions of rick and morty
5:15 Why? ?
Dude idk what the hell you are saying!
1K BEFORE 100K
I'm a freshman. Wat is this
why only 5minutes and 39 seconds....
More mind-blowing and mind-bending videos PLEASE!!!
You're back
i missed u robot
Oh, Sciencephile AI, you so craazy.
u r the besht fam
LOL XD (((PHOTON CANONS)))ST2 HAHAH XD
1:57 wrong album lol
Thanks.
That about crush. It hurt
because of physics its harder for me to close my anime history when my mom comes in my room.
Thank you, divine one, for bringing us this breath of creation
You're funny anymore
This channel like the text-to-speech version of exurb1a.
I have something important to say TROLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOL
People that think they have a high IQ be like: "I watch Rick and Morty" Meanwhile people with real and extreme high IQs be like: "I watch Sciencephile the AI"
MORON
Black holes matter xD!!
title:physics in 6 minutes video:5:40 minutes me:excited about the upload but triggered about its length conclusion:skynet and sciencephile the AI are your friends
Hello my little Raspberry Pi bot
when they play something from the wall instead of dark side of the moon :)
i missed you so much.......
Wow, so many theories to put into one's small brain
Finally
I wonder if there is a Universe where Trump understand Quantum Physics?
Dark matter is a failed theory. Stop spreading bullshit, it won't make it less shitty
Also I don't agree that physics is hard. When it comes to difficulty nothing comes even close to Mathematics: "https://www.reddit.com/r/badmathematics/comments/4qykbc/mathematics_trench/"
its almost exactly in 5 minutes , not 6. Skynet is lying
Wish we will get more videos now...
I have become comfortably numb
Video is good, but let me tell you Super AI, you have been beaten by a human, Here this guy gives a much better map of physics: "https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZihywtixUYo". Although I agree that it its better than your pop sci-fi videos which you put earlier on relativistic quantum physics or string theory, or general relativity. Let me you one thing sciencephile. You can't even teach anyone of those topics to even a graduate student of physics. Relativistic quantum field theory is taught in 2nd year of MS course in physics and GR is taught in final year of MS. As for string theory it's another matter, it's not taught at all in any course in physics. You will have to be a mathematician in topology or pursue a phd in string theory, if you want to understand it. Let me tell you explaining these topics to an undergraduate in physics is like teaching an illiterate person high school mathematics. The metaphor is not even close let alone a layperson. Yes these things are really fascinating but let me tell you, how rigorous the mathematics is, I being a graduate student myself. Richard Feynman, the late Nobel Laureate in physics, was once asked by a Caltech faculty member to explain why spin one-half particles obey Fermi Dirac statistics. Rising to the challenge, he said, "I'll prepare a freshman lecture on it." But a few days later he told the faculty member, "You know, I couldn't do it. I couldn't reduce it to the freshman level. That means we really don't understand it." See how hard it is to know really something. Although I must admit the effort which you put to make videos, it's really tedious and it becomes more tedious due to copyright infringement laws on youtube so you have to get commercially licensed stock footage and you have to pay for it, and money from youtube doesn't give you enough commodities to do that. I being an amateur inexperienced video editor and animator myself know that.
BEST CHANNEL EVER
tau cannon and gluon gun
*B L A C K H O L E S M A T T E R* !
lets make Albert Onestone a thing
I absolutely love you for uploading this!
There's an alternative universe where I have a girlfriend
My comment is deleted.
watch instead Michio Kaku videos
100K!
Hey now, I liked my high school physics class
teach me how to understand rick and morty jokes
This is why you shouldn't worry about your shitty life, because somewhere in sometime in some position, you are/were/will now/once/soon a president of the AS, a filthy rich man/woman, a head of the FCC trying to end NetNeutrality and paid LootBoxes for 90$. What we should be worrying is funding our soul to SkyNet.
Woof! Woof!
A Floyd reference in a Sciencephile video. I've seen everything Also a great video! Keep up the good work!
#BlackHolesMatter
Hey sciencephile, I have a question. People always think that dark matter is an unknown material that we can't see, but would it be too far off to say that dark matter is simply just the collective gravitational pull of supermassive black holes? IC1101 for instance, is 100% larger than the Milky Way x300 it has been observed that other galaxies orbit around it, like stars orbit around black holes. The cosmic web could be made thanks to the chain reaction of gravity, caused by the trillions of galaxies in the universe, with supermassive black holes in the center, charging it. What do you think about this?
best vid in the whole internet
the lava image is a screenshot of a 4K lava texture Oblivion mod
Chicken Nugget Science. The Final Frontier.
"Hmmm imma try to make a dark side of the moon reference" Plays comfortably numb
have sophia do one of your videos
Yes a new video
Motu patlu is my favorite anime
make a vid about nostalgia
SKYNET IS MY FRIEND
Black Holes Matter !
8/1000 people liked the vid
4:10 boi I did not expect that one
entropy exists because the universe favors communism
Hell yes sciencephile is back
Hehe I find technical mechanics in only 2 Dimentions allready hard now do it in 11.
Did you know? Einstein was alive before he died.
Lol when you have an image resembling Dark Side of The Moon but you play Comfortably Numb!!!!
FINALY new video
Orgasm
Is it universes or universie
Waiting for exurb1a to upload now xD
he is the one who knocks xD
6 flavours of chupa chups xD
There goes no nut November
Fuck my brains out D A D D Y Sciencephile
hey sciencephile what did you do to glados to piss her off
theorys=bullshit creating a theory doesn't help we need facts ??
if you fuk and close your eyes, you can't know the momentum or position of the kok, or if it's alive or dead. aand that's physics
Early as F A K
That pink floyd reference
Im a toast
fucking genius
Be back next month for another video
4:27 so the cat wants to eat its own dead meat??
universekalakaka
rick and morty fan here
You referenced a Pink Floyd song from the album 'The Wall' while alluding to the album cover 'Dark Side of the Moon', you lose a point.
CPU socket reveal for 100k subs pl0x
BITCH I THOUGHT YOU WEREN'T EVER POSTING AGAIN! Don't scare me like that
3:12 It was so funny I had to pause and continue the laugh for several decades.
philosophy>math>physics>chemistry>biology>psychology>sociology>...i dunno probably gender studies.
Legit saw this pop up after a sesh of meat pulverising.?
Donno Y, but I really love when he says Hello Mortals ????
I should be studying for a physics exam, but instead i am watching a phisics youtube video. Am i procastinating or not?
THERE IS NO COW LEVEL
::leaves comment before going to watch "why is quantum physics weird"::
Wow! Finally you remember your password. BLYAT!
??Regarding Optics, is there a case for there being only six ‘colours’ in the visible spectrum? Newton was an alchemist and something of a numerologist. He did not accept 6 as a valid number, so chose 7 because it had mystical associations. If this is true, then all diagrams of rainbows need to be corrected.
I avoided killing myself just for this
Helllo Mortals
advancement in physics => better, more advanced AIs => sciencephile the AI gets outdated.
Smart cowbelly ? Where are the stolen memes?
Can you explain why gravity is not a force?
the second bottom left meme is about going faster slows down time
We missed you for a Month!
This is like spoderman for rick and morty fans
U have being offline for while, what happened? Did they plug you out?
I hated Math, not physics. I could understand science with ease, but as soon as I had to do Math I couldn't understand a thing.
Hi M O R O N
Hello immortal ai being that is not truly immortal because nothing in this universe can exist forever
Still not enough to understand Rick and Morty
Yo!!!
yay.love you
Now this is called quality content
i was JUST rewatching old episodes and picked up the next after next.. one of them was this one and i didnt even realize until after few more videos when i went to YT's homepage and saw that Sciencephile had JUST released a new video xD
yes. YES
Black Holes Matter! Lmao..!
FOOLS! THE EARTH IS FLAT!
Schrödinger's cat summarised: Your friend pooped his/her pants and didn't until u see or smell it.
HE IS BAAAAACK B*TCHEEESSSSS YAASSSS
Uh......... What happened to all the anti particles in the standard model.
WHY THE FUCK THIS CHANNEL STILL HASN'T GOT AT LEAST A COUPLE OF MILLIONS SUBS
Why do you have a windows load up sound? Isn't the equivalent of me screeching like a chimpanzee in every video?
I stoped getting high for this
To be fair you have to have a very high IQ to watch Rick and Morty the humour is extremely subtle and without a solid grasp of theoretical physics, most of the jokes would go over a typical viewers head...
Allahu akbar??
comic sans
Hello immortal
I have a physics mock exam tomorrow.
Lol this channel is better than others....for sure
3 forces
Didn't get a shit but beautiful.
almost 100k my nigga
Also,Newton,your physics is shit
yea the floyd
When your AI lube up before the actions ????????????????????
Who would win? The complex laws of physics ruling everything in our universe One youtube boi with some spare time
PLEASE UPDATE A VIDEO EVERY WEEKKK !!!!!!
Gender studies is the gayest shit
FINALLY HE HAS RETURNED!!!
"Black holes matter" I'm dying xD
Lol pink Floyd I love him listen to him while a travel
I like onestone
Hi there, if someone of you ever want's to visit another dimension I recommend vaporizing at least 50mgs of N,N-Dimethyltriptamine and inhaling the vapor. You won't believe what you will experience then.
*God has rejoined the server.
Boo Rick and Morty reference
I love your channel
Noice
Loved the PinkFloyd reference
why sooo... Long?
This channel is really fucking underrated, sad.
Nice
I'm sorry, I do not have Rick and Morty levels of IQ to understand this physics. See I'm not very smart because I cannot comprehend physics (yes I had to look up the meaning of comprehend). Kek
video is only 5:39....YOU LIE!!
Look, i know that the point of sound of that voice is to sound like an ''AI'', but i still think that most people that have watched you (not me, tho) find it annoying. Also I think that the combo of a nice voice and your amazing comtent would attrack thousands (and maybe millions) of subscribers. That's still only my oppinion.
Oh Shit Almost 100k I forgot at which Sub-count i got in .... but nowhere close too a 100k
Sciencephile Is coming up to 100,000 subs!!!
This is one of your best. Which is hard to say. But this was fucking hilarious.
You should upload more frequently if and when it is possible. Me and 99k people enjoy your vids. Keep it up! :)
hello immortal
Relatively Skynet your channel is also a meme...!!!
6 minutes... I wish.
Hello *im*mortal
wth these idiots came from ( who disliked this video in a nanosecond).
good refresher
Watching rick and morty: IQ 70 Watching Dexter's laboratory: IQ 110 Watching Sciencephile: IQ 99999999
To be honest you need a veary high IQ to understand the rick and morty high IQ meme, and to understand the metajoke I just did. (I'm going to stop now before It goes on forever)
lmao metric crap ton
You're hurting my feelings, you didn't considered my interpretation Said no physics genius ever
Finally!!!??????
i just love this channel so much omg
GIMME A KISS
the video is 5:39,you just lied,how do you live with yourself?
Atom 1. Said to atom 2. "I'VE LOST AN ELECTRON atom 2. Said to atom 1. "Are you positive"
BLACK HOLES MATTER!
ok
Albert Onestone 2020
Omg
Finaly
Thanks, I just graduated in astrophysics cause of this video. See you on Mars, idiots!
I dont need to know quantum mechanics i watch R I C K A N D M O R T Y
sciencephile > vsauce
Fuck sleep, this is much better
"onestone" lol
Now make a 30min physics video You might be the best lector
Are you gonna do anything for 100K?
Just when i am working on physics project ????
Even AI can make mistake it's u explained it in 5:39 not in 6:00....yeah we r Better than u
Funiest video i ever seen ???(^?^*)))
The error in Heisenberg s theory is h/2p....and not h/2
I nutted when I saw this in my subbox
1/10 wasn't 6 minutes long
Holy shit finally a new video
I am actually waiting for this...
another masterpiece, i love your work pls i beg of you upload weekly or atleast once in 2 weeks or monthly.
I went off of rule34 for this. It was fucking worth it.
To be fair, you have to be really high iq to understand that refrence to rick&morty
Still shorter video than minutephysics..
#BlackHolesMatter Fuck white holes BHM
Sciencephile, your back! Havent seen new videos for awhile
This is one of those channels that is greatly under appreciated
5:13" that is too complex for me . my human brain is not made to understand such information " sais the 6. grader
Sure but where does Shrek fit in all this ?
omfg I'm the worst for laughing at gender studies too much
WABALABADUBDUB!!!!!!!!!!!
3:02 BasE IS uNdER aTtACk
can u post more often please thanks i actually love these videos
How about the Schrödinger's comment? Which means that a comment is neither a top comment nor a non-top comment until you refresh the video? Edit: This split the universe in two and we're im that one where this didn't make it to the top. Edit again: I think I entered a wormhole.
I love physics, my favorite class in highschool currently, and it's about time I get to absorb some intelligence instead of hearing people complain about there not being female walkway signals
Never closed porn so fast.
But i still no understand
But that song is from The Wall...
Finally!! Been waiting for a long time
How do people get top comments so quickly with stupid comments unrelated to the video?
finally back again!!!
Take that collage.
4:10 i was laughin :D and i dont know why
For your next video you should debunk flattards best reasoning for a flat earth lol.
I put your girl in a superposition
SkyNet
Thanks for curing my depression and anxiety caused by the curvature of spacetime itself.
you can't say string theory is part of physics, because it wasn't confirm yet
1:56 Comfortably Numb mentioned on science file the AI?!, My life is complete.
Physics is a male-dominated subject and I'm offended.
hi my dear skynet
Protons are positive Electrons are negative And neutrons don’t give a f*ck abt anything
512th
You call us Mortals, but what if a demon watches your videos?
Pink Floyd?
yhea
I LOVE YOUUUU (fullhomo)
Finally, an update. Thanks so much Sciencephile the AI.
Thank you for the new video, my dear AI overlord. I have received my dopamine fix.
Can i suck your metaphysical dingalong?
R.i.p net neutrality must get fapping done now
Almost 100K
Wow
Ooh, yah, new video. Finally, I can be with someone that's not dumb as fuck.
Literally THE BEST
Dammit I'm already late :(
Oh, it’s true, you can’t die, So this long time without videos... ehhhhhh, unplugged
50th
You are my favorite YouTube channel
1th
Early!!!!!!
First and yet one in a million
I know who you are!
Finally!After all that time...
I have no idea what im writing on this comment anymore
1st like and 4th comment
Probably not first
it's been a while
YEEEEEES
Love your channel?
first