????
thank u so much u are a god to my chemistry grades
thank you i understood this more than my prof jesus christ
Wow. Awesome explanation. THX
thanks so much this totally helped with my gen chem 1 test!!!
Finally got this. Took a few hours and watching and reading over and over through many different material, but this is the video that finally got me to understand. Thank you.
I am so mad over how easy this is. I literally have been stressing over my test and now after watching so many youtube videos understand things. I can not believe our college professors get paid. I DEMAND A YOUTUBE COLLEGE!
Ligma Balls
I can't even understand it in class because it is poorly explained I would even say not explained at all but with this video I almost understood everything (just not the end) (english isn't not my native tongue and I do not live in an English-speaking country). If someone can explain me part about bond which can or cannot rotate even though I already know only single bonds can , I didn't understand his explanation about the link that orbital have with the rotating capacity. Thanks in advance
chemistNATE, I hope you win the lottery, I understand all of chemistry now (obvious sarcasm/exaggeration). Thanks!
Hindi madime me padhia
Great video man.you explained hybridisation to me better than anyone else could.keep up the amazing work.
such bullshit, remove your bloody hands, theyre so annoying.
"this is a chemical bond that i just invented, i don't even know the name of it" I DIED
AMAZING!!! Thank you so much
Love the hand gestures ??
bless you for making this video
Sexy hands
I am in 10th standard. thank you so much for your help. you let me understand sigma and pi bonds too clearly
dude thanks so much i got really confused in class this help so much
your explanation is clear and easy understandable, thank you very much
I am bond... sigma bond..
When there are lone electrons this rule does not apply right?
Thank you so much ????
This is an awesome video helped a lot Thankyou so so much!! I’ve been struggling on this so much
THANK YOU
why. carbon do not make 4 bond like ...3pi and 1 sigma?????
caaARbon - love it
Thank you!!!!
This was really good, thank you!
sigma balls
Thanks
How do you do hybridization of ferric sulfate or iron iii sulfate?
great explanation..thank you!!!!!...and the hands....nailed it! i understood hybridization only after this video...tnx
thanks for sharing??really useful for final review
Who studies these in university lol. I am an Indian , I did these when I was in school , prolly 16 years old
Your voice match with wajeed sani ,news anchor of geo news??
THIS WAS SO HELPFUL
thank you very much ???????
This video is so helpful. I found it when I was first learning chemistry my sophomore year in high school. Now I'm a sophomore in college studying chemical engineering and anytime we talk about bonds in my classes I rewatch this video for review
for the love of all things thank you
reminds me of deadpool
i love you
Brillant video
3:35 But you have two s orbitals and two p orbitals on the left electron configuration. So how did you get one s orbital and 3 p orbitals when combining them?
I LOVE YOU
nice thx man!
https://youtu.be/heXopGRFb0Y plz like and subscribe my channel...
Is this "Sigma" and "p" bond applicable for other elements as well?
Thank you helped a lot
what is sugma
Waste of watching ur teachings
tnx
Thats a good explanation , thanks
Thnak you very much helped a lot
Great
Super bro
Hey Nate! I love your videos and just really wanted to request you to do some more on concentration terms such as Molarity, Molality, Osmolarity, Normality, Formality and so on. I'm quite confused between these and would really appreciate some help on these topics.
Thank you for the video. I had to skip past all the hand flashing right in front of the camera, but once you started writing it was much better.
i learned more in 8 min than 2 hours of my teacher getting confused herself and confusing all of us
the video is good
can u pls make a video on how the soap removes dust from our body ???????????
Very nice
it's too clear
i really like this one, was clear and concise, always watch this before my exams because hybridisation confuses me a lot.
7:30 you cut ur pinky or you will confuse deaf people!!
you are just great....can I have your email or gmail address???
sir ethylene contains how many sigma bonds
I like it
???? ????? ????? ????? ???? ???? ???????
??
l always agree with Ereek
this is very helpful and clear. Way less confusing than other videos. Thank you!
bless u so much this made no sense to me until now
DAMN THANK U SO MUCH LIFE SAVER..I'M NOT FUCKED FOR THE TEST ANYMORE LOL
i hope you made money off this
I just got my degree in Chemistry and is currently reviewing for board exams, and bro, sigma and pi bond has never been this clear to me. Thank you! HAHAHAHA
Oh thank god he moves his hands so italians like me can know what he is saying
Why don't you count the other sigmas(or single bonds) on the Chlorine and Hydrogen in 5:16?
Forgot my earbuds, watched this with only captions and still understood! Thank you!
I find that textbooks and not-so-great teachers/professors always explain stuff, specifically science, like you already understand it and it's the next step... when they're first teaching it. This guy teaches you how to do it simply so that you understand, and can effectively do it, while still allowing you to later grasp the concept and the more intricate mechanics behind it, later. Why can't all professors be like this?
The video was very informative but please..please...PLEEEEASE.. STOP THE HAND MOVEMENT!! Oh my gosh that was so distracting!
And you get a sigma bond, and you get a sigma bond, and you get a sigma bond, everybody gets a sigma bond !
This is literally the best explanation ever. THANK YOU
You removed that confusion i had on these bonds for the past 2 years...Damn i can't believe im not confused anymore??
thank u sir.
Thankyou!
god this is lovely thankkkk you so much
easiest and most straight to the point explanation i have ever seen or heard. thank u
Appreciate this so much, I kept confusing myself, but this absolutely cleared everything up for me! Awesome!
Best video on this
nice hand motions
I will re-watch but what I don't understand is the fact sigma bonds can be made by linear overlap of 2 S orbitals, 2 P orbitals and of an S and P orbital. You didn't seem to mention this? ??
nice explanation
You saved me ??
Can't thank you enough ??
Hey there, I sent a couple questions to your website, hope you saw them. Thanks!
What if an atom has lone pairs, like oxygen?
mind blowing. explained a 20 page concept in 8 minutes continue uploading many videos on chemistry concepts
Very nice explanation tnk u so much
My man is the MVP
I have to pause the video and say thank you. thats how people should explain. thanks man
His hand gestures are over 9000!!!!!
Verrryy helpful - and fluent in sign language too ;). Thanks! :)
it's a nice lecture and indeed very useful
Please help.....My Professor said that the Free pair of electrons in the CL from the C2H4CLF is sp3 but the book says to ignore the outside free electrons or that it should be a P orbital. I can't find any videos that talk about the free electron pairs that are not in the central atom. Please help!!
Nice opinion on students
honestly i need to take you out to dinner for helping me pass my chem class.
pretty simple to understand. thanks :D
Genius
Tnx very much mate.... Luv u
This video helped me so much Thanks you
thank you so much
amazingly beautiful explanation
1 million views ??
And show your face sir
Thanku a lot sir
I love u
hindi me bolo na
nice
Love the gestures lol
5:12 this guy's a badass. But, great explanation tho.
Still not getting this shit
What is d hybridisation of C3HCl
Thank you so much this is so helpful!
love u
saving my chem grade thanks
thanks
Thank you so much! This was so clear and well explained!
Thank you so much, this really helped me!
Thanks bhaiya
dabal bonds
Really helpful
Thanx a lot . I was really confused about sigma and pie bond. But now I understood everything
This was so helpful! thank you!
Andy Bernard
dude you rock.
thank you so much
Good video...except those hand movements killed me. Had to close my eyes for some reason. Please settle down with those hand movements.
THANKS
the 3rd carbone cannot do 5 bonds
Thanks a lot! :)
He's black.
Every sentence I understand good keep it up man good job and thank you man
" aint no fictions "
After so many years of chemistry classes, I have finally found what I want. You are awesome, Nate !!!
why you have skipped the sigma bond that is in one double bond carbon compound. between cl and c and h and c
Thanks, Nate!
I cant believe my professor made this so hard. This requires like 1st grade thought process
thanx.....nice video.......
easiest way thanks it's very easy to write know class 7 it is the easiest to
Got lost at hybridization cause my chem class level don't teach this. Therefore sigma and pi bond hybridized this and that doenst click in my head. But sigma=first! I know the shortcut to learning it without knowing hybridization.
does what he explain only applies to Carbon? can be be appiled to like Nitrogen, for example, H-N=N-H ?
Good information in the video, just a real shame you felt the need to include the sign language accompaniment. I get the desire to be 'inclusive', but it's massively distracting when you're trying to concentrate on what is, to most, a pretty complicated topic! It really could do without having hands and fingers wiggling around all over the place whilst already trying to follow the narrative AND the diagrams. A real shame! If you want to encompass your wider audience, which genuinely is awesome of you, perhaps it would be better to create another version of your videos made especially for them. Rather than compromise the content of your mainstream ones....
i thought an english video wont help a bangladeshi student..but i was happily wrong
Sir I can't tell you how much you have helped me you just saved me from committing suicide thank you sir
AUuuuusm sir. Nice one , you clear my concept.
This was so clear and concise, with no extraneous detail. THANK YOU SO MUCH.
Does the definition for sigma bonds and pi bonds only apply to carbon?
My Canadian savior
I love this guy!
you are a boss, i just watched this 20 minutes before my final and i got a 100
thanks for helping in this topic
This is actually not explained too well :/
this helped me so much thank the lord
How about the 1s orbital? If it is not involved in any of the sp/sp2/sp3 hybridization, what happens to the orbital? Thanks!
Omg thank youuuuu
Great video, made me remember what hybridization in 1-2 minutes. Wow thanks for the straightforwardness! Made me save a great deal of time.
I hate chemistry.
I read the section in my textbook. Didn't understand. Then I watched your video. Now it makes sense! Thank you
What are you doing with your hands
i like the way u teach bro
THANK YOU!
????
This video just saved me, thank you so much
I think it should be Px one electron right ?
so much better than my professor
Nice explanation
i wish i could give this a 100 likes??
Thank you
what chem do you tech.... you should tech Chem 108....you are too good.
Brilliant way of explaining. Was so confused during lecture xD. THANK YOU!
chemistNATE, my MATE!
thanku vvvvvvvvvvvv much brother...i am in class 12 from india.....thanx and hats off to u
I actually understood this I DON'T KNOW WHY!!!
Thank you
I really want to thank you because i have exam after 30 minutes, and I really understand it ??
You get a sigma bond! And you get a sigma bond ! Everybody gets a sigma bond !
So, free electrons and sigma bonds in hybrids, and the pi bonds in the p,d or f?
So good! I understand! Thanks a bunch.
How 'bout the case without carbon? Like N, B, or O? Is this rule still works? Because for the case of N for example, since it has 5 valence electrons, it cannot make all orbitals with 1 electrons. One orbital has to have 2 electrons, which makes the orbital full. Just imagine you making SP^3 orbital with N. There are 4 hybridized orbitals, but 5 valence electrons, which makes one orbital full.. Like all youtube vids are explaining from the carbon... confusing
THANK YOU
Holy shit science makes sense again ??
You made it so simple!
lol hybridization is still confusing
thanks u da real G
they need to make better arrows, i was confused af trying understand what 1 L means
It seems ur hand explained clear to me ??
stop reading comments. listen to the video
when you finally get it "CHILLS COME DOWN THE SPINE" Happened to me tho.
I finally understand hybridization. Thanks for this video
you are amazing! you helps me a lot! Thanks man!
7th bond = james bond
Bro you are awesome just loved your expalination it covers more concepts ??????
Agreed carbons first bond is sigma. But how to figure out the type of bonds for any other atom?
I am in orgo chem and I did not understand hybridization of carbon until just now lol
thank you honestly I like your intelligence of teaching
Subscribed and Liked. This was really helpful. Thanks
for more video lectures on Pi Bond visit : www.youtube.com/fahadsacademyonline
great video sir
lame
Damn! Of all the videos I found on Youtube, this one has the best explanation!!! Thanks for the video man. Helped me a lot.
does anybody else find this guy's hand gestures cringy ?
I understand everything EXCEPT the leftover 2p when there is a double bond and the 2 leftover 2p from the triple bond.
don't get mad while teaching dude!
This may be my favorite Youtube video ever
Bless you, seriously. I had no earthly clue what pi or sigma bonds were and my university lecture was doing nothing to help me. I owe you my life.
Thank you so much for making this video, it has been so helpful!
5:05 why does one p orbital need to be left alone?
This nigga sound hella like a dude frum candana
https://youtu.be/YcSPPKESpwc?t=305 Hey why dont we write : SP^2 and not S2P^2 since it belong to the second row of P orbitals ?
loved that..
THANK YOU!! Finally I understand.
Why is the 1s always left untouched?
WOW, you took 8 min and 2 seconds to get me to understand this but my teachers at school took FOREVER to explain this to me. You are a GENIUS!
Why oxygen in H2O undergoes sp3 hybridization when there is only 2 single bond?
helped a lot man thanx for that
thenkewwwwwww...... its wonderfuLllllll
brilliant video but unnecessary hand movements.
For two weeks in class I couldn't understand this ,but in 8 minutes and 2 seconds finally got it ..this was helpful unlike those useless textbooks and lectures
You are one of the best teachers I had ever seen
canada lol
That's it .. you lost me ..
Amazingg
hello, for the "single bond and one double bond" examples, how come you don't consider the sigma bonds on the left side?
Why is it necessary that every 1st bond is sigma bond ? why can't be it pi ?
thank you very much
Awesome explanation!
lol i love this guy!...Those hand thingies were humourous but well that serves as a mood elevator and guess what,You learn and enjoy at the same time.What a booster!(by the way "the second and the third" at 6:00 got me good????) GOODJOB BRO!..WELL EXPLAINED!
this video is very good to understand and no need of books after seeing this and a very good explaination ....... i liked this thank u for this video ..... soooo... easy to understand .....
you are the man. thank you Chemist Nate
Finally, I get it!
What about cyclopropane... is it all sigma bonds?!
pls someone explain why the 1s orbital is left out?
great
It was great! But for the god sake don't move that much your freaking hands! I got headache! ;-)
Hand gerstures on point
Thank u , you saved my finals
you move your hands? so awkwardly. you can be a rapper
@ 3:39 minutes you said sp3 .....I really don't understand how you come to sp3 .....could someone please explain?
i was staring at his hand motions the whole time!
praise your soul
You're awesome man!
OMG ! You made it so easy, I am so happy I found your video, I have a final tomorrow this helped me to understand a looooot !!! Thanks a million (Y)
Your explanation is such amazing thank you ??
You are amazing
Before, I just knew how to do this but now I really understood it thank you!!
"Ain't no fictions." I was irritated by the constant hand gestures at first but glad I stuck through this. His explanation was clear and he was endearing :).
Explaining things for 1 element??? No thanks!
why the fk isit up to 2p? no explaination
very good job has been done for the students.The videos help me a great deal..thank u.
For the last example, wouldn't the leftover p orbitals be actually 2p^2 ?
"aint no fictions" haha. But for real- thank you! I was also confused up until now
I love you bro
Why is it sp^2. Im confused. When you were talking about one double bond
U DONT UNDERSTAND HOW HAPPY I AM THAT I GET IT NOW THANK U THANK U THANK U
the ONLY video on youtube that explains hybridization so effortlessly!! thank you so much!!!
literally what the heck is up with his hands
You should just teach my GenChem class, i literally learn so well from you
Can you explain why he says "you need 3 P's"  why 3?  I thought it was  2 p's?  How does he get 3's?  (this is at 3:40 into the video). I have not found a  video explaining why or how you count out how many orbitals you need (as he says at 5:05)
thank you. really appreciated it!
Finally, a decent explanation of the why!
in the formation of a triple bond , the first and the last bond is always a pi bond the the middle bond is the sigma bond. correct me if i'm wrong.
thanks
Thanks a lot!!
Bend your index finger!
this helped me so much!!??
Why do we leave one p orbital alone?
Stress is a bitch and a life saver. a month of learning this crap and the big test is tomorrow and im getting this, wut
can u be my teacher omg
No it is not like that hybridisation of cycloprpane sp5 how u can explain
thank you sir
Thanks so much
thank you????????????????????
I love you. This video is a godsend.
you move your hands too much bro
Your are the reason I am living.
thank you for this video
I love you.
03:16 ..... Where did the 2P come from? o~o
i think this guy should become dj.
very useful bro.....!!
this video is easy to understand fuck my professor
Could you explain about nitrogen molecule formation
very usefull u just saved my life today i hace chemistry exam. i understood the topic with ur 8 min video than spending 4 days with my professor
This video is actually AMAZING! Explanations so clear and easy to follow along and so neatly done. Thank you so much for this! It helped me aloot!
Where did you get the "3" in the Sp3 from?
you are the best teacher ever! the lightbulb turned on inside my head
thank u once again :)
2 helpful
thank you
You sir are a modern day hero. Your students are lucky to have a teacher like you. Many thanks!
Thanks fam. I hate the fact that Khan Academy seo is so good and golden gems like these are buried deep.
OMG THANK YOU!!!! I have an ap chem test tomorrow morning and this has saved my life.
Not all heroes wear capes.
Nobody never can explained s and pi bonds so crystal clear and easy way! Thank you very much!
This video just saved my life. Thank you for keeping the explanation so simple!
those hands
thank you!
Best explanation ever, thanks a lot ??????
I love you so much right now, I did not understand this at all, and I have midterms tomorrow
THANK YOU
When an 8 minute video on Youtube explains hybridization better than four 50 min lectures with my Uni Prof. THANKS MATE
that was helpful! Thanks!
Thank you, thats very helpful
I learned this in highschool ??
how come for the exmaples, the right carbon bonds were branded with pi and sigma bonds, but not the left side?
My mind just clicked! Thank you so much!
It was really a headache for me to understand Sigma and Pi bond but you made it very easy and understandable.Thank you very much ????????????
I never realised it was a 8 min video...you explained so well... thnk u
you're the best
I explained trick to find hybridisation. It will clear ur doubts regarding hybridisation in 2 minutes
Thank you! This helped me, I have a mid chem exam tomorrow on this.
Why are there no sigma bonds on the Chlorine and Fluorine of the Single Bond example. Somebody please explain. Thanks
Good job. So canadian.
your a god
This really helped me
Wtf why can't all teachers make it as simple as you
thank yoooooo so much
not explanatory enough
I think I kid a finally understood it at the end
this explanation is beautiful, after so many videos finally
The name's bond, sigma bond.
Chemistnate is not only funny but also super helpful. He is truly a miracle to my chem grade and his hilariousness makes me keep watching without getting bored.
omg so much hands
thank you so much
Very well explained~ Thank you. Also, can lone pairs count sigma and pi bonds too?
this man is of the gods bless his heart
thank you very very much, chemistry examination tomorrow, helfen me a lot, thanks
The name's Bond, Pi Bond.
You're great man, thanks a lot
Helpful. ;-) Thanks
BEST
I like u
I like u
THANKYOU !!!!
this is still so hard to me ugh I hate AP chem
lost me during hybridization someome explain please
awesome i like it my kavya mam see the theory say ditti to us i hate her
they're dickriding barack like he didnt deport 2.5 million people, drone civilians, bomb 6 different countries, etc.
THIS SAVED MY LIFE THANK U
Than you very much this reall helped me understand.
You're great
Thank you for explaining hybridization. I never understood how it worked until you explained sigma and Pi bonds.
wow. the hand gestures really helped me understand everything!
thanks a lot sir
+chemistNATE Beautifully explained! Thank you so much, Nate! :)
Thank you sir...well explained.
I spent hours searching for a video to explain what this main explained in the first 4 minutes..... I cannot thank whoever made this video enough!!!! Honors Gen Chem 1 test Monday and i neeed to do well >.<
this is filling in alot of gaps in info. and answering some questions. fantastic stuff, sir!!
Seriously u saved my life, thank you!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
still dont get it? thanks
THANK YOU SO MUCH! I have chemistry test tomorrow and my sir hasn't made me understand a thing about hybridisation! Thank you very very much! Helped me alot. <3
a "cerben"
unbelievable how I'm going to pass this test with an A now! thank you bro.. I love the explanation! I subscribed!
thank you
1s orbital is never involved in sigma or pi bond formation?
OMG THANK U SOOO MUCH FOR PERFECT EXPLANATION!!!!!!!
This explains it so much better than my garbage chemistry teacher does, all of the prev videos that I've watched didn't help too. Thanks a lot!
This has been so helpful! Thank you, i was sat in lecture so confused :D :D
Thank you, helped a lot
I've spent literally HOURS trying to understand this and my university lecturer couldn't even make me understand it, but in 8 minutes and 2 seconds I've just understood, thank you!!!
thanks, you just helped out a dazed and confused 1st year college kid
I am deaf and his hands explained everything. Thank you man!
why are u snorting so much??
sounds like john malkovich
Thanks for sharing??
He explained 5% of the full concept of HYBRIDIZATION.. Where is sp3d.. sp3d2 etc?? there are lots of things to tell about "What is Hybridization"
Nice video, thanks a lot
them hand motions tho
thanks
You sounds like Scott Thompson.
cool nice explanation, not too fast, keep uploading...
Thank You. I don't know good English, but it was great explain.
This was so helpful! Thank you!
u r great
thank you!! helped me lots last year, and helped me again now.
wow
Finally the concept of hybridization is clear to me. Thanks :)
Thank you so much, this was very helpful!!
thank you now i have understood
why must the first bond be sigma ?
THANK. YOU.
Had me thinking he was gonna conjure up something with all those hand movements haha
My professor was so excited over these bonds, and it makes total sense in his head, but I had him explain it 2x and still was like whaaa? I screamed OH!!! THANK YOU NATE!! I have a feeling you are going to get me through orgo this semester.
thank you sir ????
Wow that was super clear! Thank you!
that's really amazing man ! ! ! I've my chemistry examination tomorrow and i got everything which my teacher couldn't even explain . . . hats off to you man ! ! !
Helpful ??
Thank you soooo much!!
Thanks for helping me understand this subject. Hand movement is just distracting IMO.
Thanks bro
Plz stop making that hand movements. They actually distract.
your hands are driving me insane
at 5:01 he talks about equivalent orbitals for the three sigma bonds and uses sp2 , can someone explain that part what does he mean?
SO... Your saying that Barry Nelson is a sigma Bond and all the rest (including Sean Connery and Daniel Craig) are Pi Bonds. Thanks for the Info.
Very comprehensive and the way you explained it makes it so easy to understand :)
Every Youtube video out there sucked. They couldn't make me understand no matter how they explained it. But this video is great. This video is super-clear, the clearest of all videos. Out of five videos I have watched, I still had no hope in understanding hybrid orbitals until I have watched this one. Thanks chemistNATE!
Nateeee!!!!!!!!!
thumbs up for the hand gestures lol btw Awesome vid man!
Incredible! Thank you so much
Thank you so much! You've done a whole lot better at explaining what these two bonds are than my UNIVERSITY PROFESSOR who specialises in CHEMISTRY! You should be the one thats giving out lectures in universities!
cowboys fan? he's X thou to show convinience
Very nice i like it
This helped me tonss. Thanks so much :)
what about those containing lone pairs as well?
oy, those hands! lol
I didnt understand 100% as I would have liked,but I know that if I replay it....I will ACE it.Thanks bro
Thank you so much FINALLY understand Hybridization!
really helped me out, thank you
Easy to understand.
i still dont understand this
Thank you so much for this video! It has helped me a LOT :D
change to Turkish
This is damn good
BEST
Shout out to everyone taking the ap chem test tomorrow! We're all gonna fail! I mean get fives lol
My AP exam is tomorrow, this video saves my butt Thanks!
This was super helpful, thank you.
oh my God it's so simple, I thought it was very complicated. Thank you!!!!!!! :)
brilliantly explained. thnx for your help
That actually made sense...thank you!
Very helpful thanks but shouldn't the pi --- 2p actually be 2p^2 since we have 2 pi bonds? at: 6:42 ??
Excellent explanation! The seemingly complicated idea is suddenly so easy to understand :D
It took eight minutes to understand what I couldn't in a week. Thanks!
Thank you thank you! Understood more in 8 minutes than in a week of class. :)
load of shit
Nice explanation Thnxx :)
I love u man
THANK YOU I've been watching videos on hybridization for an hour and none of them were making sense! You are the only one who explained it in a way I could understand!
youre the best. and your hilarious hand movements kept me engaged
agh! it helped me a lot before a day of my annual exam.... THANKS A LOT! :)
Very helpful, thanks!
How come u don't put the sigma bonds at the left part of the drawing
very useful for me
thanks a lot :)
hand movemnet killed me haha
god bless you!!!
You are awesome
lord bless you lol this vid was my life saver
you are amazing
Thx! No one can explain it better than u!
Thank you!
You never actually explain what Hybridized means though
Hello, Natt. I enjoy your videos and I was wondering if you or anyone in general could please explain this exercise to me. "Explain which of these poorly soluble silversalts will disolve in the acid HNO3. The first one is AgCl. I do not understand why it won't disolve, could anyone please explain? Many thanks!
"sigma bonds are the FIRST bonds to be made between two atoms" oh really? What about C2 molecule with double pi bond and no sigma bond?
THANK YOU SO MUCH! I was so confused about hybridisation in lectures, it makes sense now!!
FINALLY I GET IT THANK YOU
your fucking awesome dude i love you
Pretty rad
thanks dude
Ok so I understand that sigma bonds are made from hybridized orbitals and pi bonds are made from leftover orbitals. Where do pure orbitals fit in?
thanks!
I followed your videos since Gen Chem 1. You're my favorite Youtuber for Chemistry <3 I always laugh at your videos lol
I'm trying to review for an exam and your theory is so if from my book, please do more research.
I finally understand it! But I'm year 3 now..Why didn't I watch this earlier?!!
3:16 tho
Thanks so much, this was a lifesaver!
very helpful! thank you!
3:30-3:52 why does he say p three when there are only 2 electrons in the p orbital?
the hand motion tho lolllll
too much hand movement
Thank you!!
Man, how cool you are. I can really call you Sir.
Somewhat okay to understand, for basics this is good. I believe that once you start to understand what he is teaching, then advanced learning and practice with hybridization is required for AP Chemistry or higher.
amazing! ypu should be my professor ??????
cool it helped me a lot
Can you make a video explaining how to find hybridisation when molecule has charge on it?
finally ....thanks man !
This video was helpful. It took me 1.5 years to understand hybridisation, but this finally helped me.
explained it better than my prof. thanks bruh
You're pretty great at explaining this stuff, but all I can think is "Wow he sounds like Buddy the Elf"...
God bless you!
I just love your commitment to chemistry! Thank you very muchm it helped a lot! BTW... are cou Canadian? :D
Thank you, thank you, thank you.
sounds like Randy from trailor park boys
you are a lifesaver!!!
thank you so much this is very helpful <3
God bless you dude, have an exam in 24 hours . you made this a lot easier for me <3
Another Easy Way to find Hybridisation. No of Sigma bonds + Lone Pair Electrons Hybridization 2 SP 3 SP'2 4 SP3
u're the best
I got distracted by too many hand gestures....
Very Helpful. Thank you
The hand movements though! I learned, I was able to grasp the concept, but only after watching it a couple of times as the first time I watched it I couldnt stop laughing/focusing attention to the hand signs. Very much appreciate the video though!
this video helps me so much, quiz tomorrow and I don't even know the basic concept for the valence bond theory TT
Where are you from? you have an interesting accent
Damn ! thankyou MR. ChemistNATE now i understand the whole thing
That rehearsed hand movements tho lol
thanks!
Why cant my professor explain it this properly??
i fell comfort now , thank you
A very clear explanation. I was so confused by reading about this topic using textbooks. So thank you! :)
This guy is amazing ! my professor sucks at explaining sigma and pi bonds thank you
Thank you so much for making this concept easy to understand, clear and concise :)!
Very helpful man, thanks a bunch. So do sigma / pi bonds only occur in bonds that involve carbon?
this dude sucks d@@ck
You're the guy that said "Don't, Not" in other video about Hund, Pauli, and Aufbau? cool dude :)
Very helpful
thank god for this video
Does this work the same way for other atoms like say N? Are the first bonds in N all sigma?
this is so canadian
omg u saved me thannnnk u so much <3
lol HCN has a lone pair on the N
awesome..thanks man
how did you draw the orbital configuration at 3:06 and why are they all above each other?
Thanks, got a chem test tomorrow now it makes sense
THANK YOU
I wish you were my professor.
I spent less than 10 minutes learning from your video what i failed to learn for an hour from a textbook. Thank you!
This was great! Really easy to follow and made the concept click for me, keep up the good work :)
Its that single bonds are sp3, double bonds are sp2, triple bonds is sp hybridized shame on me I'm 11th grade !!
Why are pi bonds leftover p-orbitals !!
Are sigma bonds sp3 hybridized !!
thank you!!!
cocian
It sounds like I am being taught hybridization by Christoph Waltz... I love it
Awesome video, great job at explaining, that's a gift all in itself that many people don't have. Thank you
how do we find the hybridisation of atoms that are not carbon and its last two orbitals are not s and p but for example ag which ends with d and s
Awesome explanation sir...
you didnt explained all the pi clouds and those p orbital shape
Is this guy doing sign language during the lecture?
this helped me a lot. Thank you! :D
you are an awesome guy
that's a sigma... and that's a sigma.. sigma..
I don't understand why teachers and textbooks can't teach like this
so i was in class for about two days and couldn't get this and i set my alarm to 2:27 A.M. and started watching this and by 2:35 A.M. i was unstoppable. *textbooks are a waste
Yo. would appreciate it if you could point out the counting of hybridized orbitals needed because all i see is a clenched fist without knowing what your counting was referring to. Thanks!
dude youre awesome love your vids,hope whatever job you do youre well paid
awesome video! thanks so much for the help!
My life is now complete
we need more guy like this in my college
Thank you
so when we think about orbits, only sigma bound count, likeif there is 3 sigma, it is a sp2, 4sigma(C-HHHH) that will be sp3 and 2 sigma is like sp right?
thanks that helps me alot
My saviour.
Thank you so much, this is so clear now!!!
can somebody explain plzz :(
i just couldnt get the thing about single carbon bonds
thank you so much ! i finally could understand it!
Thank you so much!! Why can't more teachers be like this??!
i dont get it ...
why it is sp^3 ? where is 3 come from ?
thanx man.this thing helped me out alot
dude thank you u made it so dam clear hahah
god bless this video! you dont know how much it helped me. im now 100% confident im gonna pass my exam
This just cleared up something that my professor and my Supplemental Instructor could not explain to me clearly! After watching this video everything makes so much sense!
thank you for this clear explanation
could you give an explanation on the structure of pi and sigma bonds. and maybe how these bonds can form with other atoms. Thanx
could you give an explanation on the structure of pi and sigma bonds. and maybe how these bonds can form with other atoms. Thanx
YOU ARE THE REAL MVP MAN I SWEAR
I thought i know more then you
You don't know any thing about these bonds.... You know 'O' makes double bond But you can't explain that how it's make 2 bonds.... I thought even you don't know the About (VBT)....If you know make video on it.... Thanks for half knowledge
Good job!! i totally understand what he said,it is very helpful!!!
Thank you so much! That was so easy to follow and very well explained.
Great explanation man. Huge help, thanks a lot for the time you put into this video
Hello I have a problem u have shown the 2s electron paired.So how can paired electron take part in bonding. Please reply
Thank you so much . Finally i understand this!!woowoo
why is it sp3 when 2 electrons comp from the s subshell and 2 electrons come from the p subshell? please help :(
You're a great man Nate, learned exactly what I needed in this video
This is amazing...
THANK YOU SO MUCH
Couldn't the textbook say uhhh EXACTLY WHAT YOU JUST SAID -_-
how does a free electron pair affect the hybridisation?
Genius. Made it so simple.
omg I love you LOL thank you!!!!
@ 3:56 he draws 4 bonds with upward spin, shouldn't one be downward just as it was in the 2s orbital, due to Paulie exclusion?
He moves his hands too much. You should do a face reveal
Thanks you so much, i have been trying to wrap my head around this and concept for ages now to no avail. I'm finally starting to understand thanks to you! :)
My chemistry teacher tried explaining this for over an hour and no one in my class understood anything. The textbook is even more complicated. I learnt what sigma and pi bonds were in just 2 minutes into this video and I was surprised to see that it is actually very simple. It's sad that teachers and textbooks are so bad at explaining something like this.
stop over enunciating everything im not a rere
THANK U SO MUCH, you have no idea how helpful this was...now I can master this topic..thumbs up on this video
thanks a lot my nigga, much appriciated
the best explanation so far !
May I ask.... Covalent bonds hybridise while the ,ionic ones don't... Cuz the are ionised and thus distort the purity and equality of a pure organic compound with only carbon and hydrogen... And in the first example u stated.   We had chlorine and fluorine attached to the organic compound... So do we still have a pure hybrids? Or distorted ones?!
you re the best!!!!!!!!!! thank you so damn much. susmithaa
thanks for the video. it is really easy to understand. =D
Thank you very much man!! it's really helpful video
Thank you so much for this video!
Thank you. You explained this idea better than my professor ever could.
Why are teachers and textbooks so uselessly dense? People need to be more clear like this guy.
What if there are lone pairs on the central atom?
Honestly, thank you so much.
lol I feel like I'm watching someone who does a lot of sign language try not to do it out of habit
You make chemistry so much easier. Thanks for these GREAT videos!
THANK YOU SO MUCH FOR THIS VIDEO!!! I was really having trouble with this concept until I saw your video :)
I haven't quite figured it yet but it's due to my lack of previous knoledge. But I'll get there. You explain it very well.
Good explanation :)
that hand movement lmao
How would it be 4 sigma bonds? Wouldnt it be 7 sigma bonds???
your a treasure Nate
thaaank you so much .
EXPLAINED SO WELL!!!
Fucking blessed video thanks man!
Thank you for the explanation and the examples! I feel better about my homework now. Thanks!!!!!!
Thank you Nate, im a Biology Major and Chemistry just doesnt come to me as easily as Bio hahaha
it took me way to long to realize that s stood for sigma and p stood for pi....
Really easy to understand. This will stick with me longer than whatever my teacher taught me 3 months ago
you made it so easy !!!
great explanation in the beginning but you lost me at 3:50 think I need to re-read my orbital assignments!
I was catching up on my notes for my Organic Chem class, and the lecture slides from the professor were confusing, so thank you VERY MUCH for this, you explained it very well.
best chem teacher ever!
can u tell me about IF7
that was really helpful
BRO THIS HELPEED ME SO MUCH THANKS
wow-you saved my life! THANK YOU
it all makesssss senseeeee nowwwww
I LOVE YOU CHEMIST NATE! Great job.
You do a beautiful job explaining things. VERY clear!!!!!!!!! Thank you.
i have been staring at my book for 2-3 days and procrastinating every time i see the phrase sigma or pi bonds. thanks to you i realize that this is quite an easy concept to learn. hopefully you have a video out explaining molecular orbital theory since that's the next beast i intend on slaying.
Wait a second... Wasn't the lowest bond being the sigma? Why in 6:13, the higher bond becomes the sigma? It doesn't mind? Or mistake or... Well... I wish someone gives answer
Omg! You make it so simple! You save my life! Thank you! :')
thanks a lot ,now i understand  carbon dioxide structure
GREATEST HYBRIDIZATION VIDEO EVER
What about James Bond?
This was a great explanation, thank you!
Thank you Based chemistNATE!
subbed, thumbed up, commented. You're a life saver. GOD BLESS YOU NATE
This was helpful, thanks!
thank you so much!!! i didn't know it was this easy.. our prof made it so difficult for us :)
Gosh it's like you untwisted my brain
idgi
Thanks man.
tommorrow is my exam, i had being trying to understand this concept for about a month but wasn't successful. You saved my life man. Kudoos!!!!!!!!111
YOU ARE A LEGEND!!!!
thank you! you're amazing
This was incredibly helpful, thank you!
Make sense! Thant make so much more sense~ Thank u(^__^)
If only profs made it this straightforward, rather than try and guide first-year students into the very heart of the theory itself, they might do better. Thanks for simplifying it Nate.
Thank you!!
You are a fucking g my man,
this is amazing, you sir, are a genius.
Do you have a video about conjucated pi system?
Clearly explained!! Great video!
wow...my chem proffesor didn't even tell us that and im over here struggling to figure out how to tell.. THANKS!!
THANK YOU SO MUCH
very clear! it took you 30 seconds to explain something that took my professor 1 hour to explain. LOL. thank you!
Thanks a lot mate. My lecturer didn't explain them that well.
Thanks god, very good explanation, I got it now.
Why not they just add those two sentences : "Sigma bonds are the FIRST bonds to be made between two atoms. They are made from hybridized orbitals. Pi bonds are the SECOND and THIRD bonds to be made. They are made from leftover "p" orbitals."  in text book.
Please upload a video telling how many sigma and pi bonds are there in salicylic acid.
I almost cried for how good you explained this. Thank you very much.
super confusing
Dude you're a fucking genius
OHMYGAWD IT MAKES SENSE
Oh hey look I might not fail chemistry now
chemistNATE: You da bomb
This is really tough!!!!
That was probably the best, simplified and precise explanation I could ever have on all the sigma and pi bond stuff. I finally got it now.Thank you SO MUCH. You knew how to explain it clean and clear!
that was amazing!!!! finally i understand this. now it's too easy :D
Awsm xplanatn .. Thnx sir..
no sound?
At 4:53 how come there's 3 sigma bonds when he put the placement for sp^2 while for the single C molecule had 4 placements for sp^3?
????
So helpful!
Awesome dude, my book AND prof. suck!
Still don't get it
Omg thank yoh I have a test tomorow and u saved me thank you!!!!!
love you
thanks you did a great job and ill use this as i teach chem. just nice and clear, thanks.
This guy is one of the best teachers on youtube. LOL I just find the hand gesturing so unnecessary. Incredibly concise and accurate explanations though.
OMFG! This just saved my life. You are awesome as hell!
Awesome! My teacher explained everything so fast that I couldn't follow properly. I look forward to work with your channel :)
thanks for the video =D you explained better than my professor ever would.
Thank you so much! Life saver!
I wish you could be my teacher though out my journey in pharmacy school. You explain things so simple. Keep up the good work. Please ignore any negative comments people may post because you are the best. PLEASE BELIEVE!!!
Thank you!
Your fucking awesome bro. Im in O-chem and ahead of this concept, but never fully visualized it. You just did for me. Thank you.
awesome review. thanks man
good job explaining but whats up with the hand movements?? yikes
Well explained.  Thank you :D
Such a great explanation!!! Better than any other website or textbook!
Thank you! much clearer than the what I was told in class :)
thanks this helped alot
You're awesome. This makes so much of sense now :)
Very helpful thanks
Thank you very much
I'm grateful for this, you really helped me. I wish I could also talk like you because I tend to choke when I'm explaining something to another person.
I could not finish your video.  The hands are too distracting.
A very good video
great video helped a lot
Very helpful
So much easier to understand than Khan's!! :D Thank you shhooo much!!
excellent video! thank you!
Keep up the hand gestures. it's really helpful
This is an awesome video, explained so well!
Awesome thanks :)
awesome stuff man
Excellent explanation. Thanks you!
Thank you sir!
thanks for this , it is not explained this way in my book! this makes it more clear to me. Always good to have a new perspective.
1:58 But what does that even meeeaaan, is the real question. Something we should ask about everything.
thanks!
I feel dumber knowing that almost everyone understood this nonsense.
Your hands distracted me but all is forgiven since you are why I'll pass my exam tomorrow!!!!!!
Great teaching and Canadian accent. Thanks brother
Oh thanks! I was starting to get confused. That was helpful.
simply awesome.
OH THANK YOU JESUS!  I finally get it.  Thank you sir.  You saved my exam... you saved the day.
Thank you so much for posting this video! It was so clearly explained. I really appreciate that you went slowly, step by step. It made it very easy to understand. :)
I can see clearly now the rain is gone!
omgg i love you and owe you one !
Very helpful that you go slow and make sure to point out every little thing and don't skip anything. Very helpful, thank you!
Thank you.You are a wonderful teacher=)
Thanks alot that was really helpful
Your "hand talking" is hilarious . Lol but your videos are super helpful though.
Super helpful Thanks for posting the video.
you heard it folks, aint no fictions
Great explanation .. simple and straight forward .. thanks :)
EXTREMMMMMMMELY useful video. so easy to follow and very straight forward :)
Them hand movements xD, great help though.
thank you thank you thank you
Thank You! The first video about Hybridization I actually understand!
"ain't no fictions"  I gotta say this from now on.  Thanks man!  For your help, that is… and your quote!!  Teehee:P
this is great thank you!!! :)
thank you,, very well done!! I really like the way you explain.. we need people like you in this world!!
explained very well
thanks but why do you do that thing with your hands? i don't get it
holy crap thank you
thank you!
Lol your hands are a bit distracting BUT I can say this was one of the best explanation of the sigma/pi bonds I've ever heard
Great video but keep your hands out of it! Distracting :p
Thanks!
Thank you! very clearly explained.
Chemist NATE, I LOVE your videos!!!
Your amazing! You teach me more than my high school teacher lol
amazing!
Finally I understand this. Now I just need to remember a bunch of other crap and I'll be ready for mid-terms.
Thank you!!! This makes much more sense now
Thanks for the help I really appreciate it!
Thanks u r the best ever :)
This is the only video that helped me undertsand this kind of chemistry language. Not even Brainstorm helped me.
Your hands are distracting....
I swear those hands gestures...best thing in the video.
Thanks! Your voice sounds like Ryan Reynolds which made your video even better!
Thank you so much! I didn't understand orbital hybridization very well and this cleared everything up for me!! You are a great teacher!
why does he need to have his hands in the video
Super clear, thanks :)
would you say this is organic chemistry? or more so general chemistry knowledge?
I love your hand gestures
These hands are very good at explaining things
thank u very much... u've been helpful
Wats up with this buddies hand motions
Excellent, you just explained what would've taken me forever to read. Thank you very much!
hey why don't you include bonding atoms on the left when you explained single and double bonds?
"check this out" teaching style was great and it all makes sense now, thanks!!
excellent explanation
Great!!!
The hand gestures definitely made the video
he literally just explained in 8 minutes what took my prof to explain in one hour
hybridization finally make sense to me thank you!!
So Clear
Why our teachers do NOT explain it that way?? Thank you! :)
Legend at work! Won't be able to answer those complex high-school questions without the help of this. Teachers told me about the sigma and pi bonds, what hybridization is and all but they never told me a simple fucking thing which is - how they ACTUALLY KNOW carbon hybridizes in different compounds the way it does. Thanks! :)
really really thanks
..........You.........You are amazing. I have a test on this on Tuesday and I literally had ZERO idea of what I was doing. Why in the HELL didn't my teacher explain it like this?!
Felt like it was the Joker teaching me Chemistry.
This gets right to the point and clears everything up! thank you
I'm still wondering why the fuck professors don't explain ANYTHING like this. WHY.
why do you ignore the Cl and the hydrogen on the left...aren't they still attached to  to carbon?
Awesome video chemistNate. God bless you and your family.
Thank you so much sir
the gesturing is a bit over the top there nate
I'm so glad I've found you!! You literally saved me! THANK YOU
id love to get a handy from you
yooo this replaces 2 hours lectures
Your hands are a tad ridiculous...
Just a word of advice, your hand motions in front of the papers can be a bit distracting, but the content and how you explained it was top notch.
OMG Thank you so much! I get it now!
What about the other hydrogen and chlorine (in the double bond)?
5:13 WHY is it acceptable to not follow hund's rule??
seriously, with the ability to go back and edit, add notes, or anything!, all you youtube people trying to explain hybridization COULD DO A LOT BETTER!
Is it me or do his hands look animated?
hobo tier educations received, thanks you
why isn't there another sigma bond in the double bond part , where there is a carbon-H and Carbon - Cl bond?
First bond is not always a sigma bond. Exception is C2(diatomic carbon) in which both bonds are pi and there are two sigma lone pairs. Visit website: chem.vander-lingen.nl/articles/The_C2_case/id/126/itemid/638 Thanks.
you have no idea how much this helped, i spend 2 nights trying to figure this out on my own and i got it in 8 mins with your video. Thanx again!!!
Thank you!! This explains it very well! Gonna be watching a lot of your videos for Ochem!
I just might pass that Orgo exam! Thanks :)
Chemical hand sign language
A pi bond can't b formed in d absence of sigma bond but sigma bond can b formed in the absence of pi bond. Pi bonds overlaps sideways which forms 2 sigma bonds there and S orbitals can't have pi bonds because of their shape!
I love you!
Thanks man! hope you're a teacher somewhere. we need you out there.
Thanks that was very helpful
You got me through chem 1 & 2 last year, but now you need to become ochemistNATE for the next eight months as I conquer ochem.
What the heck?! In 10 seconds you explained something my organic chemistry professor has been blathering about for two lectures. Why the devil do they use all those confusing diagrams in academia?? College is stupid.
I've been working on an understanding of this for 30 years!! You have added to this understanding! Thank you.
Only the first bond can be sigma. This is because of the way it creates a sigma (single) bond, which is a straight line from one atom to another. In carbon and other atoms, sigma bonds form between HYBRID orbitals. Double and Triple bonds at always pi bonds. They form only from leftover p orbitals ... never from hybrid orbitals. They form in the area AROUND the first (sigma) bond.
I watched this vid twice, still didn't get it. I understand the single and double bond but the triple bond is just suddenly like hokus pokes. the text book even more confusing. can you please explain differently?
good video still didnt understnd hybridzation clearly
You sir! Are a fucking legend
thanks so much!! after hours of watching youtube videos i have finally understood hybridation!! all i needed to know was exactly HOW to create hybridized molecules!! THANKS SO MUCH
Fantastic! been through chem videos but I thoroughly understood hybridization from this. Clear, concise,
THANK YOU SO MUCH YOU EXPLAINED IT VERY WELL!
clearly explained! thanks.
thank you so much for this video (and all your other videos!) my roommate and I have used them all to get through college chemistry, and they have helped so much!
hehe you are not smart then xD
the first second of this video helped me already.
Man, I'm pretty fuckin' smart and I don't get any of this shit.
American and Canadian teachers>international teachers. God damn.
This video FINALLY made me understand what the notation actually means. Thank you so much.
GOD THANK YOU, everyone else was beating around the bush with other info i didn't NEED!
ChemistNate (though I'm inclined to calling you NerdNate) could you please explain the use of Hybridisation in UV Visible spectroscopy. Thanks in advence
lol i thought there was a fly on my computer.
My instructor went out of her way to make this impossible to understand. You cleared it up in under a minute. You da man!
I just undrstud wat I ddnt undrstnd 4 weeks in just 8 minutes. Thnx man. Man u don't sleep, I mean the time was 11:30 pm whn doing tht
you are the best tutor ever. Your explanations are precise and easy to get. thank you.
I was looking over notes for hours and didn't get what sigma and pi bonds were... I learned from you within half of this video. Thank you!!
thanx a lot
Nice video. You would also make a good Chemistry Rapper.
Made a difference after 10 seconds of watching, I know where to go for chemistry help now
My teacher explained this in class for 2 hours and i did not get the concept. Seeing this video, it cleared my doubts. Thanks
my teacher explained this to me twice and still didn't have a clue what he was talking about..you are a genius, it took me 8 minutes to learn something which looks pretty complicated! - many thanks :)
Thank you so much! You saved me!
Hey, why is it called PI and SIGMA bonds?
Thanks! So helpful.
Thank you so much. This is the first video on hybridization that I'm actually comprehending and learning 100%. 10/10 for you, sir.
thank u so so so much! im starting to understand sigma n pi bond although not fully but i think i should be able to figure it out if i keep replaying the video. this is really helpful =)
THANK YOU!!! These short 8 minutes made more sense than my 50min lecture! Life saver :)
I watched several videos on this specific topic. ChemistNATE, by far, has the best video out of them all. Thanks so much, this helped me a ton!
YOU ARE AMAZING THANK YOUUU
so helpful! hand motions got a litttle bit annoying but hey helped a bunch thanks :)
Marry me(:
Interesting channel! :)
Woah awesome! Best hybridization video I've found yet! I'm definitely coming back :D
Thank You so much ..I understand your video more then my professor lecture.. !!! Iam sure I will pass my exam..
Passing Chemistry is now an option for me. Thank you SOOO much for these videos. I currently have a D in there and spending the past couple days on these videos... Tomorrow I'm certain I can pass our chapter test. Thank you :)
Nice. Everyone, this is my official announcement: SpocksToupee is a boss.
And thus begins ChemistNates Empire ;)
Please show molar mass :D