I never understood chemistry in school. Thank you for breaking down the matter in such an elemental form.
Please a video about CRISPR! You are great!
I am grateful for your valuable video. Please keep up your great work. You are making awesome informative video. I just subscribed your channel, liked it and looking forward for your next informative video.
Atom is a sanskrit word for shortest time period or smallest particle. This concept was created much earlier than Democritus.
Cool!
Finally I have understood
Second question is why I clicked on this.
Great animations and clear explanations. Excellent video
And how did they know they would be looking at one atom and that it would be right in the middle wow.
We still don't know the smallest particle.
Wow i watched this with my dad and this is AMAZING!
What an excellent break down. Thank you!
What happened to your channel?
I was talking to my gym partner who is a devout Christian and he said there is no such thing as atoms and that intelligent design is true. So now Im wondering how we know atoms are real.
This is a most excellent video. I can’t wait to use this in my classroom!
Excellent video, ??
I'm curious how small things can really get, and how do we know when we're seeing the smallest thing versus when our equipment just can't detect/ measure any smaller...?
Jaber ibn Hayan wasn't Arab though
1st time on youtube a french name is not buchered ( Jean Perrin ) Great video !
Thank you for speaking clearly. :Liked and substibed.
Atoms are thought to be a good example of God's Trinity. Atom is a unit indivisable and indestructable, It has also three names electron proton and neutron. But we dont say them three atoms.they found everywere. God is also said to be trinity (three divine persons) in unity. Its trinity named called the father, the son and the holysprit. They are not three Gods because there is a perfect oneness between them.As atoms are every were and God is also found every were even in up the space. In my orthodox christian church those colors green yellow and red shown in the hydrogen atom, are represented Trinity. Thanks.
I like this video so much, but I miss some part about crystallography.
Could you make a video about Hebb‘s postulate and the evidence for it? I would be very grateful if you did
Which software you use to make videos?
This was amazing! Love your vids...I personally believe Chemistry over Physics will eventually explain the origin of life. Would love to see some vids on how accurately scientists can determine beta decay rates in order to apply the technique to radiometric dating.
That was FANTASTIC
If you liked this video, search youtube for "A boy and his atom" and watch an animation using real atoms :)
Awesome! About the game that looks cool.
Great video
I'm preety sure there were also philosophers in India who theorised about things being made up of elemntal atomic particles. I imagine people in China and elsewhere were doing the same. If I'm right and not remembering wrong, they should be mentioned rather than focusing only on Democratus.
I wish you would have explained Jean Perrin's experiments
But, what the hell does that bloody bell do if I click it? It will send a notification to my email. Ok, but to see that notification I have to log onto my email adress! Isn't it easier to browse the YouTube subscription page and see what's new, rather than rely on that bell ? I am subscribed to hundreds of channels .... getting a notification for each video would drive me crazy. Is it really so hard to stop asking to click that goodam bell and let your subscribers decide whan to watch the new published videos. Seriously, I'd love to hear this from a YouTuber ..... hey, Stated Clearly , how many channels are you subscribed to and from how many of them do you receive notifications? None, right!? I though so.
Wonderful thank you for this video
I don’t understand how John Dalton’s experiment with compound ratios resulted in his theorizing the concept of atoms.
Very well presented video. Loved it. Thank you.
nice hitch quote
Fuck achool, show me youtube videos like these and ima get an A in calculus
Transmission electron microscopes have the capability to see atoms too!
Nicely done. Good work: thank you!
i learned a lot from this channel and it helped me a lot .. thanks a lot for your awesome work
Light is a Particle, called a photon. Very small. not a "wavelength". Ask Richard Feynman. Adjust your quantum mechanics please.
This beautifully sums up how science works. Our universe is far beyond what we can imagine.
woooooooooow i never know ppl finally found out how to look atom
Nice video, thanks. As a bonus, you've got all the french names perfectly right ;)
woooooooooow man..
This channel is soo underrated....
I wouldn't call potato cam proof or aliens might be real too
Shut up and take my subscription!
368 Billion likes
Adams exist....nooooooooooo it's Atom not Adam!
I'm a little confused about how the atom is being "seen". I mean it's just a bunch of electrons buzzing around a nucleus....shouldn't it look more strange than a shaded circle. Like a shaded circle doesn't seem to make sense at all......
Whoa man.
This video is great. You could have gone further and explained how we know the structure of an atom. I just really like the Rutherford Gold Foil Experiment. :D
Amazing video. I didn't expect it to go into as much detail and history as it did, but that was a great trip from the beginning ideas of atoms to the modern proof of their existence, summed up very well in only 12 minutes
Ive always wondered this.
Excellent video. I love how you encourage critical thinking as well. We shouldn't just accept the theories being spoon fed to us. We should demand to see what evidence there is to support said theory. I'm curious though: was there a reason Rutherfords gold foil experiment wasn't mention? I thought that experiment was pretty mind boggling and also suggested that atoms exist and that matter is mostly empty space.
you are too good, if i had teacher like you in school i would be scientist now.
I discovered this video to tell my fellow's
I love these little science vids. Very informative.
very useful video
you explain stuff in microscopic level which is good for us.
WoW what an amazing video, great work!
Great video. Audio is a little harsh though.
I think and scientists think that atom which made of electrons protons neurons And protons and neutrons made of quarks and may be those quarks made of smaller thing, therefore maybe there is no end and you can cut an apple forever and ever
Quantum mechanics says atoms don’t exist. Every “atom” is just a wave probability function that becomes an “atom” once it’s observed. #stepup
Do you have a team to translate your videos for spanish and portuguese? Need help on portuguese?
Nice job man, this channel is one of the best.
c.8.55 - Is it still light if the wavelength is shrunk to the point where it can be scattered off the sample?
Needed information, please give more info on atoms!
Even when you know what atom is, it's still so fascinating to watch this video.
So, essentially Democritus didn't actually refer to Atoms as we know today. He was referring to something beyond Electrons, Protons and Neutrons. May be Energy Strings or something beyond.
I'm Muslim Shia Zaydi THUMBS UP for Jabbir Ibn hayan R.A :)
Good thing I'm not made of atoms. ??
are you fucking trying to explain the atom without mentioning Bohr and Rutherford? what kind of retard would do that? also, one of your "science advisors" wanted to be a part of your video... how humble of him.
???? ???? ?? ????? ????? ????? ?????????? .. ????? ???
Thank you very much. Insightful videos like these makes me even more excited to be alive.
41 dislikes from people who still can't understand a simple & well explained video.
next video plzzz...?
Hitchen’s razor... so cool.
I believe Atoms are just our different multiverses, but I know some smart ass will probably shoot my hypothesis down lol
Pah! Filthy atomist propaganda neglecting the true understanding of electromagnetism.
Fantastic - thanks for this video, subscribed
Thank you for uploading. Wonderful informative video. I will stay curious.
Loved it! Thanks
Cool, with solid foundation and really understandable. Going to watch the full series for sure. Really mean that, thumbs up and all the stuff ... But wait ... I'm a physicist. Wasn't there a part about being undevisable? We can split atoms can't we? Well, guess that's where physics and chemistry happily each go their own ways. Hope to see something about Avogadro in your series too!
4:26 dihydrogen monoxide ??????
Great and easy to understand videos, thanks to your superb animations. I would highlight the number of 92 elements, because these are the ones we find in nature. The number of artificial ones keep going up. Interesting is also that chemists accepted the concept of an atom much earlier than physicists. Physicists only got convinced once they started to unravel the fine structure of the atom in the early 1900s.
Your content is worth subscribing to, so I have
My school uses all of your video
Your premise that the atom is the final stop of matter, the 'fundamental building block', or as you said 'tiny indivisible units' is a practical approach to life and physics but doesn't, unfortunately, reflect current understanding of 'matter'. Atoms are the basic building block (of ordinary matter), but are themselves composed of protons and neutrons, which are themselves composed of 6 types of quarks--up, down, top, bottom, strange and charm. Electrons are currently considered the smallest, fundamental particle, having a resting mass 1/1,836 of a proton. This is of course part of the standard model of particle physics--within which there are a number of, as yet, unresolved problems. It would seem that even 2500 years after Democritus, we still aren't quite certain how it all works.
Nice to see there are people who knows atoms are flat. There are funny people who thinks atoms are like balls because you know everything have to be similar to their balls.
Awesome!
Atoms are fundamental building blocks of matter, not chemistry. Chemistry is the study of matter. You cannot create a "study" out of atoms.
Jon Perry? Jean Perrin? That can't be a coincidence ??
Wow, this video was great, I’m so glad I found this channel. Subscribed!
Wow. The title is appropriate. Stated Clearly. It really is. These videos are great. The REAL waste of time is NOT watching it.
Nice work.
if you zoom into an atom you will find out thats it made of other smaller spheres, and if you zoom into one of these spheres you will find out yet again its made of other smaller spheres, and so on, forever and ever, same things happens if you zoom out of the universe
I still don't know what it actually is though. Like, what does a proton or neutron actually consist of. I know they have up and down quarks but what are they? I know we know how they interact and that they have spin and stuff but what actually are they, do we even know?
cool
Atoms themselves are made of smaller pieces, how small can things be? I'm annoyed by both the limit of how small things can be and the idea of things going infinitely small.
I clicked this to make sure you would be accurate. Good job.
Subhanallah We have this written in our book(quran) from1440 years
I did fkin subbed ! love the contents ??
I have 2 Questions re the "Image" of the Nitrogen Atom 1) Why don't we see the Orbital Shapes of the Electrons ¿ 2) Has the Very act of looking at it Collapsed those Orbitals, if so why doesn't One see Individual energy packets of those Vibrating Strings ¿¿¿ xxxx ??
I'm Gunna poison myself now on Dihydrogen Monoxide
Shocking! An atom is a circle lol.
Thanks
Really? Quarks and "blank?" were too hard to mention? It's blank to me because of you.. I don't know what it is, and I don't know how to google it to find out because I don't know.. Your Laziness has ruined my knowledge. And I thought electrons were in probable locations and not definitive? So much half information here, I'm so confused
I will blindly accept everything on the internet as fact. I believe you looked up the atomic radii of the elements for your illustration at 7:26. It looks really close to reality
great vid. however, it would be great to know why the wavelength of light prohibits the measurement of things smaller than it. What's the reasoining behind that?
This is incredibly exciting!! I wish people I knew gave a shit!
So alchemists were correct in the idea of nuclear fusion & fission but didn't have the energy calculated correctly to change the lead (82) to gold (79) like in the works of Glenn Seaborg?
Nice vid, Squeeze earth and its will be not larger as a golf ball and it weight exactly how it where before.
If that was a atom where were the electrons? The photon from the light should have collapsed the wave form of the electron but it's not visible in that picture..... Ignorant me: what do atoms look like....? Scientists: since we're so smart we have a picture of one for you. Ignorant me: wow, yo, that's well cool like. Hey, this atom doesn't have any electrons...... What you guys trying to pull?
Fun fact to understand the size of atoms. If you wanted to see the atoms of an orange, you would have to expand its size to that of the Earth, then each atom would be the size of a child's glass marble.
Very nice! Just one additional point about the history of imaging atoms – AFAIK, the very first such image goes back to the 1950's, using the then new, field ion microscope. The cover of Scientific American for July ( or was it June?) 1957, features a picture of tungsten atoms forming the tip of an extremely fine needle, using this technique. The newer techniques covered here, have, however, advantages over the FIM, including a wider range of elements whose atoms they can image. Fred
3:17 What does "no matter how hard the couple tried, however, they could not reduce hydrogen or oxygen"? What does "reduce" mean in this context?
Thank you so much. I'll love to have this animations available in spanish.
mind blown
"...atoms can now be seen...." , 0:55 min. Wow ! That's some statement right there. I wonder if it is meant to misinform , if it's done on purpose , if that's what you really believe ? And if you truly believe that , why the need to present it not as an opinion but as a sure fire fact ? A computer generated image is just that, a computer generated image. Should we go ahead presenting as a fact that the Na'vi can now be seen therefore they are real ? I believe you got carried away like many other science fans and even well known scientists. For many of them the notion of a scientific model lost it's meaning , everything is certainty now ,hard facts , etc. Yet pride always comes before the fall , how come that we can afford to forget that ?
I had no idea that atoms are square with labels on them. But I believe it.
you don't know the younger Albert Einstein at the first time of asking (I know a joke) or don't know exactly how to pronounce french names, that's all alright but the fact that you wouldn't mention the name of Dmitri Ivanovich Mendeleev in this vid is beyond shocking...
The ancients knew so much more than what we let on. Understanding the micro they moved mountains.
That was an excellent video. I think you convinced me that atoms in fact, do not exist. That little gray ball was absolutely not an atom. It was perhaps a representation of the data that came from an actual indivisible particle of matter, but definitely not a "picture" of an "atom". I mean it's not entirely clear that an atom is any more than a wave function or a probability. Once again, nice video though!
But how did they know when they split Hydrogen and Oxygen from water they were two separate elements? What made them think that, was it the color or smell? and how did they manage to physically separate the two after the reaction took place?
thanks for telling us that now we can see atoms because i always thought we can not see it and whenever i ask my teacher about it they would say that atoms are their because some scientist say it is there and that what they had been thaught and now teaching to others.
I'm so happy when I discover science channels on youtube!
The splitting of the atoms following our accumulated knowledge has undoubtedly changed the world we live in forever. What followed were laws like the Inverse Square Law. What most do not know or never continued the study of this law is that there is one stipulation of its use. This law does not apply to an extended source of radiation (like Fukushima and Chernobyl). Interesting enough this law is used in the process of calibrating geiger counters.....which by following the stipulation of this law a geiger will not get the correct readings from an extended source point of radiation.
I want to cut that atom in half so bad!
BUT WAIT! Why didn't you talked about Thomson, Rutherford, Bohr and Schrödinger? :(
You forgot all the isotopes..
Very nice, I really like the concise history. But we still have never seen an atom, just data arranged to represent light scattering off an atom. Still amazing though.
How does it work?
we need more channels like this. thank you
Atoms should be renamed.
Please have fewer "jokes". Jokes obscure, throw off the thinking train. Awesome content thank you !
It was a warm summer evening in ancient Greece ...
nice vid
You’re very very likable the information is stated clearly!!!!
very very great video i loved it.
Now this is an underrated channel
Beautiful... Good that you'e back... :)
if you wanna see atoms the best way is to use electron scanning microscope
Has your mom still got aids?
Still not convinced.
Very Great
Awesome ! Thanks for the great info spoken with so much simplicity
you didn't mention Mendeleev, the creator of periodic table
Great job, explained very clearly. I assume the upcoming videos will be about subatomic particles and then about quarks or strings or quantum fields. There are many videos simply stating that these are the "fundamental building blocks of reality" or just "truly elementary particles" but they never explain what these things really are. I hope your video will give some insight in (for example) what a quark or neutrino actually IS. I can't seem to find any good explanation on that, so that would be great to have Stated Clearly :)
So great to see a new video, my son and I were going through withdrawal ?? We love the animations. Can't wait for the next three.
Ya done good.
I thought this video would list what atoms are made of including the God particle or Higgs Boson. We dont actually know at this level what an atom is and thus what matter is exactly. This would have been more useful and interesting. We basically don’t know what an atom is at the end ...
Why do you have such little views?! I mean, This channel is great!
New sub. Came from Non Sequitur.
Since the author has memorized the entire number of p, I don't need any more evidence. I believe everything he says.
Great great work!
Could you do a video on instinct as how it relates to the lifestyle of insects and other animals that do not raise or teach their offspring survival skills?
Indian also proposed about atoms . Check this if it is true ?
So much good stuff in this video. From the opening quip about "blindly accepting" your assertions, to the introduction of Hitchens' Razor, to the history of the theory of atoms, to incrementally building up evidence to a satisfying conclusion, this was a delightful production. You don't need my validation, but well done!
Jon, wow!! Phenomenal work here?? Will be sharing this far & wide!! Thank you ??
Wow! Beautifully demonstrated, articulated to perfection!
Indian's know it before 5000 year's
Loves these videos! Can hardly wait for the next one!
Just starting this unit with my chem students on Wednesday. I think I’m definitely gonna show this before teaching it. Thanks for the material!
Thank you for all of your videos, they are "Stated Clearly" enough for me to introduce my mother and nephews to evolution and science in general with easy to understand visuals.
But isn't the atom mostly empty space? and the nucleus and the electron cloud are far apart? I mean what are we exactly seeing here? Can some one explain please ?
this channel is so underrated.you deserve waaaaaaaaaaaaay more subs!!
Amazing
Are you sure it wasn't Egyptians that first came up with this theory?
Nice
Seriously, Still lying about atomic theory origins. It was sage Kannada who expounded the atomic theory of matter before any greek scientists. http://firstip.org/legendary-scientists/maharshi-kanada-the-propunder-of-atomic-theory600-bce https://detechter.com/the-concept-of-atoms-by-acharya-kanada/ His vaiseshika sutras or Aphorisms even contain all principles of motion later given by Newton. So called Arabic scientists just translated Indian texts and gave them their names like Indian numerals r known as Arabic numbers. This is why u don't find any arabic scientists nowadays also. Don't even want to go into how many calculus principles were developed centuries ago before Newton was credited with them.
Great video
WOW! such a beautiful and interesting video. I learned a lot.
It would be nice if you make a video about the shape of earth, flat or globe, and how we know it. Stated clearly.
This is an amazing and curiosity-inducing presentation.
Those aren't atoms, they're tiny little angels.
I think you've got compounds and molecules mixed up
Man, some Ancient Greeks were so ahead of their time.
Thank you!
Glad you're back!
Great one love it from Egypt <3 Can't wait for the next
I love this so much when I found out the confirm existance of Atom. I feel like I want to celebrate the successful discovery too! Plus, this video was uploaded on my B-day! I'm so happy about this!!!!
"Jon Perry" is suspiciously similar to "Jean Perrin". I will let someone else to come up with a conspiracy theory about this.
I love your channel. One of the best on youtube.
Stated Clearly, you have given my son and i such an in depth understanding of science. A beautiful and informative approach ! I look forward to everything you put out and will definitely contribute and donate more.
Why do atoms circular?
Our discovery of atoms and particles is a result of our inability to conceptualize infinity I wonder...
I’m a science major in college and I like this representation of the atom!
I'm taking chemistry right now and didn't want this video to end. Glad you are back !! So I'm assuming, that picture of an atom with their green / red color scheme... That the red is the nucleous and the green is all the orbitals electrons "may be"? I can't wait for that imagining to become better...
Oxygen and iron do not react to form rust; they react to form iron oxide. THAT IS NOT RUST.
I'm supposed to be studying for my science exam about atoms next week instead I watch this video and I learn more than school
JON PERRY YOUR A LEGEND U DID ALL THAT????? SCRIPT, NARRATION, ILLUSTRATION, ANIMATION! WOW! MAN IM SO APPRECIATIVE OF YOUR WORK KEEP DOING MORE, I WROTE DOWN MOST OF WHAT U SAID AND IT WAS SO BENEFICIAL THANK U!
Thanks for the great video. Just one small correction: Jaber ebn e hayyan was a Persian chemist who was born in Tus (east of Iran).
Well done. Thumps up!
Nice to see you back after so long. 6 dislikes from law students.
Finally
I love what you're doing. Everyone is always talking about the dangers of our modern technology, about internet addiction and unempathic Fortnite kids. Rarely however does one mention the benefits that come from our modern technology (alltough it is used everyday). Education needs to adapt to our modern day as well, and people like you are setting an example. Thank you for your hard work and keep up the good job.
It wasn't very revealing to confirm for the third time that atoms have the shape of sphere
I think you missed mentioning this one guy Mendeleev, he had something to do with that there table of elements....
Shite. Your videos are best at teaching this stuff! Thanks man! Also, are you on deviantart? The science community there would love to have you there.
great video as always but what's with the weird echo / low audio quality?
I just found this channel. Great stuff!
I thought this channel is about evolution
YOU STILL UPLOAD?! YES!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
At least you are putting some kind of disclaimer down for hindu scholar but i have seen others just skip or don't know about it
Science, bitch!
Love it! As a chemistry major in college I am all about this!!!
Very nice video, got me subscribed
You missed the opportunity to show Einstein's observations about the Brownian movement. If you see particles of dust suspended in a gas or a liquid, they travel through an erratic path. If the medium was completely smooth and not made of particles, the dust should move in a straight line, but instead it moves in random directions, because it's being hit by particles.
This was perfectly stated.
Nice video. I already knew something about atoms, but didn't know the history... so, very nice animation and very well explained.
I love the way you use the phrase "building blocks of chemistry" rather than the way I learned back in the 1950's "building blocks of matter". Yours is way more accurate. Teaching is the process of passing knowledge on in a way that is understandable. If the student doesn't understand it, it's not teaching, just babbling.
Jaber abh hayyan id not arab... he is persian
Awesome video! See you next year
Democritus's argument for the existence atoms didn't have anything to do with matter's infinite divisability. It was a response to the argument ex nihilo nihil fit by Parmenides. Parmenides in his book physics argued that nothing comes from nothing, thus change is merely illusory. Democritus argued that the conclusion (change is merely illusory) doesn't follow from the premise (ex nihilo nihil fit) if the cosmos is made of indivisible units. The changes (growth, decay, etc...) that occur in nature are merely the rearranging of these indivisible units.
One "like" for Hitchens' Razor; but then you'd get a "like" from me anyway because of the topic and content.
Could you create a video on how we know what the earth's core is made of?
Serious question for you Jon Perry; would you be against me having your videos translated into Hebrew?
This is a good video.
Awesome video, thanks!
even though I already know most of this but I definitely learned few more things and the way you present it is just awesome and simplified and educational. it is stated clearly indeed. well done !
?? Thank you, Jon, for a most informative video. I came to much of this through a History of Science course that began with those so very clever Greeks! How they would marvel at the incredible advances we have made in examining the structure of an atom. Kindest regards from ???? and my companion ??
such a great video!!
tough topic done well
Awesome! I am looking forward to seeing next films :D
???? ???? ????
Best educational channel on youtube.
Can you get a better mic please? Would make your videos sound better!
9:00 stated blurry
lol how do i get that tshirt ?
thank you so much, i cant wait for the next one
Wow, that was such a great educational video! Yeah, actually photons are much tinier than an atom, but up until now I thought it's impossible to take a photoshoot of them, because, photons may add heat or energy to the subject atom(s), so it may just fly away or simply react with other atoms, thus creating something completely different, that we have recorded a fraction of a second ago.
You should probably put a link to your Patreon in the description. Amazing art and animation.
Nice Explanation ...right upto the last year 2017
Please don't stop making videos!
This is easily the best channel on YouTube, hands down.
Tune in next time for the follow-up question, asked by guest narrator Arnold Schwarzenegger: Who is your daddy and what does he do?
What does AD means after the year?? (Sorry for asking this my native language isn’t English)
Thank Darwin you’re back!
2:09 i would say muslim world rather than arab
I feel I'm getting smarter after every video.
Very clearly described. Very useful.
Awesome
It took me a semester at college(-$2000) to learn this.
Your animations are awesome. They help me learn soooo well because im a visual learner!
sweet! :D go science! :D
I’m glad that this video finally explained how we got to know what we know!
At 3:42 your periodic table makes the common mistake of putting La and Ac in the f-block at the bottom. They should be in the d-block (orange) below S and Y. I also disagree with coloring At and Ts as halogens. The halogens F, Cl, Br, and I are all diatomic, but At and Ts are not.
A proud moment for mathematics.
i was taught chemistry in school and college.. Never understood like I have now...I think even the teachers didn't know as much and precisely as in this video..
great science channel here, I recommended you to my chemistry teacher.
Everything cool until you have to skip many scientist that did contribute to the undrestanding of the atom to just push the video towards THE GREAT GENIUS OF ALL TIMES to be the one that let us silly humans to discover the atom. So typical conclusion... of all this videos of any science. Einstein did it again... bla bla bla
Ara Apkarian, more like Anna Kasparian.
2 dislikes??? probably literature students who have no idea about physics
Wonderful video. Perfect for my class. Thanks!!
This video causes existential crisis, great nevertheless
Fantastic, as always.
Really excited for the series
You uploading so few videos should be made a crime ??
I always feel like there's something science didn't figure out yet. Like some properties of atoms, that if know they would helps to predict chemical reactions with no need of testing.
Great video, but I'd like to note that you spelled the word Hydrogen as 'Hydogen' throughout the video.
Amazing video!!
Finally! A new video from Stated Clearly! Yuhuuuu!!!
wooow, nice recap :P more microscope things!! i saw a Video of cells one's yes,,,, microscope video
John I love your videos!
I love your videos, more please!
Love your videos! glad to see you back
1:00 You have a cute laugh. ??
0:45 That reverse psychology tho
I learn more with you than at school. xD
Awesome info!
Great video, as always! You're rare, but so awesome! ^^
Thanks for that. I don't speak english but I really like your videos because they help me improve my listening, and the next year I will study Biology at the university. I'll be waiting for your next videos.
I'm atomic!!!! Mwahahahah!
insanely good video. 10/10 animations
Beautiful ????
oh wow .. that saying about dismissing something without evidence is really good ... didn't know it before
Fantastic video! Thanks!
Atoms are themselves made of smaller pieces which cannot be divided more : they are called legos, they are the fundamental building blocks of life!
The EverQuest Quest turn in MUSIC??? Awesomeness
Sure atoms can also be split but they will lose theyr property. An atom of gold can't be called gold if it's split! It's just a bunch of protons and neutrons!
Woot. You are back :)
Wow. You are back!
Good info!!!
Very good video!
I was studying structure of atom when this was uploaded. .. What a coincidence! Nice to see you back and love this video! One question: According to the concept of subshells electron don't revolve but the present in electron cloud, and daltonian concept and structure was discarded. But that single N atom you showed us follows the daltonian structure. Does that mean shell structure is not true? I may have written something wrong since I'm only in high school and not really good on chemistry. Please forgive me if I did so
Great video!
Not hitchens razor, that is occam's razor, even though Christopher Hitchens (rest his soul) used it many times.
Awesome. Always glad to see a video from you, and the humor is always appreciated! Especially the video stats @0:54 ;)
Very nice to see you up and making content again! Thank you for the pleasant surprise. Awesome way to end my day.
How did the ability to see atoms not make the news
This channel is so nice wow
0:55 thats a lot of views and likes
Good video, but hitchen’s was an idiot.
Amazing, cant wait for next one!!
I'm a little excited!
Minor loss in sound quality compared to previous videos. Poorer recording equipment and/or noisier environment?
Good to see this again Jon. Really impressive.
Thank you for this
I love your work. You do take the channel's name rather seriously. :P Hope you can post more frequently in the future.
Nice to see you're back.
Finally a video
10:41 Huh, Ara Apkarian helped you on this. Neat.
So glad you're making more videos!
Thanks a lot bro ur tchng is superb
Love it!!!
How YOU doin'?
Appreciate what you're doing! You make learning more fun in one video than the totality of my time in highschool.
Great video as always, however there is a really small mistake: in ancient greek atomos is actually a singular noun. The plural is atomoi
????
Nice
Good
First