HELLO ALL - Two quick things: 1) There seems to be some YouTube error meaning some people are seeing this video listed as 'private' when clicking - either refresh or open in another window and it should be fine! 2) John is perfectly fine everyone, the poor divil had a sports injury right before the shoot - he's all better now. :)
Would love to see you guys try the "Hot Ones" style wing challenge. Could be entertaining!
When lor said fck a duck I propelled my tea halfway across the room my love for that beautiful girl has grown exponentially, her sense of humor is as gorgeous as she is ,love to one and all from Tennessee Note to the guys when you're going to eat spicy food have a container of sour cream or a glass of milk they cut into the effects of the capsaicin in the pepper and limit its Ill effects on your digestion!
You call down the thunder? Well Hell comes with it! and it's name is Carolina Reaper
The redhead with the glasses is gorgeous move me to Ireland righr now lol
I love watching people eat hot foods ... and suffer afterward.
They should try jerky from the store called all things jerky
I love Carolina reaper jerky ??????
That one lad been scrappin! Hope you like the Jerky lad! Gotta like jerky!
Wtf happened to John?
Should have an "aftermath" video for when the reaper exits!
If you thought that beef jerky was hot, you should try some of the super hot sauces. A good one would be Blair's ultra death sauce.
get some Last Dab on here for the children. Let them experience it.
5:40 "I'm the spicy boy, I'm the one who jerks." I see we have a Game Grumps fan :D
There's that taste that makes you think it's ok! Lmao!!!!
The Carolina reaper is just too hot to enjoy. Stick with the medium spicy jerky
Great news the reaper has been replaced by a hotter pepper, from the same guy that made the reaper. While only about 20% hotter, you'll probably be able to tell. Unless you die!   Just what the world needed, a pepper that tastes like brimstone!
John! What happened to your face?! I don't want to be stereotypical...but....
I eat Carolina reaper every day, I really like it, all my family love it and is really funny when a friennd comes and eats some our food jajaja
Why did the Irishman wear three condoms?? To be sure,to be sure ,to be sure
Thank you so much for this. Their reaction after eating the Carolina Reaper made me laugh so much I cried. I haven't laughed like that in a long time and I really needed it. God bless you all.
Time to try some South African biltong... much better than this beef jerky stuff. You get it from beef, deer, kudu and others... also in the spicy variant.
Lolol the burp
Yo! What happened to my boys nose man I love this guy on the try channel send me to the person that Hurt you and in the name of the Irish fellow man I will hunt him down
Ahh fuk a duck love it
"It was goin really well Jeff. It was going really well. But I just think we should see other people. Because now when I think of you, my anus will Contract......" "ALRIGHT JEFF!!! "
You cannot blame Jeff for the Carolina Reaper one. You have to blame your friend on the channel for asking for the SPICIEST jerky. He is the one you should be blaming.
What happened to poor John Sharpson's nose....
5:08 that’s what she said
WE in Texas love that California reaper shit
6:03 sexy
I LOVE Lolsy Bryne she is so cute and funny.
Are I'm dreaming or they just love something from america?
"It's really hard to..." What you mean you have to JERK ya head and hand to eat the JERKY... Well fuck me y'all, are you forreal??? :D
"Fook a dook!"
Drinking the water is cheating!
holy shit John!! what happened to your face.... (er... well.. I mean your nose?)
Fun stuff-we make our own with ground meats (chicken, lamb, beef, and yep sometimes duck) and different flavors and spices.
How about one with South African food? We gave something similar to jerky called biltong. Not sweet like jerky but savoury. Much better than jerky.
"I'm the spicy boy, I'm the one who jerks!." This has to be a Game Grumps reference to: "I"m the video game boy, I'm the one who wins!."
What happened to dudes nose? And when is Laura gonna let me take her on a date?
The guy in the Tetris shirt deserves an award for wearing a Tetris shirt. I fuckin love that game
ROTBL (B is bed) no shit I was in tears laughing so hard. Sorry guys but that shit is funny right there.
niamh is one I would a night with. ffs
This is awesome. Not what you all went through but hear me out. I LOVE.....jerky in almost all it's flavors. I'm not a fan of that super spicy stuff. I love the Irish ladies, though unfortunately I have had little contact. You're hilarious. The accent is cute, sexy, fun, etc. Your attitudes are great. You put a lot of American men to shame. Keep up the great work!
Did she say fuq a duck?
So is the crew back? Or is this old material?... Because I've really missed them!!
Guinea pigs for Carolina Reaper... I'm not dead, but you might be.
I see you sliding Grump reference, Colin. Now tell me, was it worth the pain? XD
Hhahahahah yess I’m from the state where the Carolina reaper is from
You guys should really try the USA military MRE's!!! Some are good and some are HORRIBLE!!! Love you guys
You have to use gloves working with Carolina Reaper :-)
Here in the US that's still mild lol
got to say Americans love there heat and a good challenge
I want Colin and Lolsy's T-shirts!!!
Wow. The girl with the cats shirt gets better looking every episode. Your so hot!!!!
Dude what the hell your nose/face?? Who did that to you tell me I’ll kick their A$$.... seriously NOOOOOOOOOO!
6:14 make this top comment XD
"I'm the spicy boy; I'm the one who jerks." Was that a veiled Game Grumps reference?
Don't fear the reaper.
I see that the Irish millennial’s are just as stupid as our American millennial’s.
Try Southern american biscuits!! With gravy, with jelly, with butter and honey etc
Get Well Soon, John.
I really want to try that last one. I'm the type of crazy motherfucker those were meant for.
More emphasis on the brunettes huge tits please
Can you belive I just noticed my bishes from facts opened a new channel?!!? I AM THE HAPPIEST HOE IN THE WHOLE WIDE WORLD!!!!! I love yall! Seriously!
how about ALL of the Try guys & gals do the ONE CHIP CHALLENGE!. ??
When that girl at the start said its time to jerk off i almost nut.. is that normal?
Take meat, slice it real thin, stick it in a food dehydrator, package it and enjoy. It isn’t hard to make your own. And before you dry it, put whatever you want on it as far as seasonings go. Great for hiking, backpacking, fishing, camping, when you need extra protein.
This is getting to be annoying. Not all americans like hot, spicy food. I am irritated at being portrayed as a classless chili muncher just because I happen to be an american. Get real, folks. There are way of having lots of flavor in your food besides adding too much chili.
kick that bitch with the fake red hair and cat shirt. she always acts like an immature 13 year old twat.
OMG, I need to move to Ireland!!!! I love these people!!!!!
Bláithín is fucking adorable.
The Woman in the glasses is finer than a new set of snow tires...
Hey blond are you sweeting on the riper :P
"I'm the spicy boy, i'm the one who jerks" Is that a game grumps reference?
HAHHAHAHAHAHA Burn that anus MwaHAHAHAHAHAha!!
I love how everyone just paused before the Carolina Reaper. :O
Ur poor arse holes died....may they r.i.p
Try pepper extracts including the end hot sauce
I grew up eating steak in a bag beef jerky. It was the best tasting jerky I have ever had. Full of flavor till the last chew. Now you won't be able to find this in any store. For it was home made with love. And sadly the man who made it died this year. But I will forever be unable to eat that tasteless stuff they sell at the store. His was the best. He once had these two brothers who keep saying that his xstra extra hot wasn't hot enough. So he keep trying to up the heat while still keeping a great flavor. Finally these men said it was hot enough. But by then he had to were a hazmat suit with the full setup to bag the jerky and clean the equipment. After a few years he quit making that flavor due to the fact that he lives in Texas and it's vary hot in a hazmat suit. He got too old for such things. It was his hobby and we all supported him. It also was high quality ingredients and expensive. The funny thing about it was his costumer base where all dirt poor. But one free sample was all it took and you where pulling out your wallet.
I grew up eating steak in a bag beef jerky. It was the best tasting jerky I have ever had. Full of flavor till the last chew. Now you won't be able to find this in any store. For it was home made with love. And sadly the man who made it died this year. But I will forever be unable to eat that tasteless stuff they sell at the store. His was the best. He once had these two brothers who keep saying that his xstra extra hot wasn't hot enough. So he keep trying to up the heat while still keeping a great flavor. Finally these men said it was hot enough. But by then he had to were a hazmat suit with the full setup to bag the jerky and clean the equipment. After a few years he quit making that flavor due to the fact that he lives in Texas and it's vary hot in a hazmat suit. He got too old for such things. It was his hobby and we all supported him. It also was high quality ingredients and expensive. The funny thing about it was his costumer base where all dirt poor. But one free sample was all it took and you where pulling out your wallet.
Have them try Jack links beef jerky
I'm amazed that you folks are eating this stuff. I could never ever. And the best counter for hot spices, is milk chocolate.
5:42 "...cuz I'm the one who jerks...and yeah I...just put the whole thing in my mouth like an idiot..." Fkn classic! And this is why I subbed initially. You never know wtf is gonna come out of their mouths at ANY moment. Gotta love the Irish. (?°?°)?? ??? ? ?(°?° ?)
I love watching the Irish try vids those guys sop funny. Keep em coming.
Niamth tumbleton is absolutely gorgeous
mad points for the "Cool Runnings" song
Love the Game Grumps reference, haha!!!!
"I'm the one who jerks!" And then her looking kowingly at the camera.
LOLSY WHERE DID U GET THAT SHIRT OH MY GOD I LOVE THAT VIDEO
What is wrong with Tetris boy? He never makes sense!
I am sometimes surprised the Try crew never ask about the price of food. Store bought jerky in the USA is fucking expensive.
Éadaoin’s laugh at the beginning! ??
Hoover it lol ??????
IF you think the burn is bad wait for the "After Burn" to kick in. LOL
I think they should Try Hot Ones Last Dab sauce
What heck happened to John!?
sponsored by Jeff lol good stuff
For 50 years I have be on a quest to find authentic home made root beer, not that crap they throw dry ice into on Halloween, and authentic beef jerky. My grandfather made the best. He would cut 1/4 inch strips of beef 8" long, roll it in box full of pepper with no other flavorings, throw in on a clothes line or barbwire fence and let it dry naturally for a couple of week. NOW THAT, was jerky to die for.
4:25 LMAO??????
What the hell happened to Johnathan's nose?!
Come on y'all are weak.....weak....weak.....weak
Just found you guys, and love it. Part Irish on my dad's side and see where my sense of humor comes from!??????
Did that woman say her rectum reacted to hot spicy beef?
You really need to come here and go to buffalo wild wings.. Its  tasty hot..
If Blaithin wants an American husband, I volunteer. That girl is gorgeous!
Eadaoin looks like Miley Cyrus in that preview thumbnail
Lol ??
Wait!!!!! ...... ‘Hates Everything’ four eyed ginger chick actually liked something??!! Hell has frozen over.....
I love Reaper jerky. Chase the heat ;).
Nice snatch!
3:02 COOL RUNNINGS!!! ??
How they think jerky is made me facepalm so fucking hard.
?? best one yet
John's catch and Bla's reaction made my day.
They actually deliver internationally :O! shipping cost is $28 but totally worth it????
Fucking hell John, feel better you crazy goof!
So excited about eating spicy jerky then they drop the Carolina reaper on them and asses tighten, and everybody runs home to momma! "Cummon! Show a little backbone!"... BWAHAHAHAHA!!!!
try biltong!!!! and Drywors!!!!
1:42 should have been your thumb nail
Now did you get in a fight lad or were you so knackered you fell down and fucked up your nose
Oh fuck a duck.....I so love you.....that was so funny
Eadaoin is such a beaut
These ladies and their sexual innuendos.
Please do a drinking game with random Absinthe brands.
Everyone wearing shirts with words are on the right side.
1:42 That gal could suck-start a leaf blower !
Other than the novelty of "hottest pepper" I don't see the appeal of eating anything with Carolina Reaper written on it. Hot food is one thing, but so hot you can't even taste what the original dish was is another.
Has anyone noticed that more then half the cast teeth are piss yellow???
So John was Headbutting Rufus eh ......................... ;-p
John, John, viciously hitting something with your face is a metaphor, man...
Who would buy the Reaper flavor? The word you're looking for is Masochist.
some of the first jerky wasnt even done. it was still floppy. the guy with the screwed up face pulled one out and it flopped. jerky isnt supposed to be floppy
Goes to the jerky factory just to see Niamh and Lolsy chain smoking and vacuuming sides of beef.
5:45 Was that a Game Grumps reference?
Wait a second! At least three women continue to call me over because every time they think of me their anus contracts...
... Hoover my steak [pantomime] anytime!
“Im the spicy boy. Im the one who jerks.” Game Grumps reference. ??
With a certain leather clad man ??
what happened to that one guy's nose?? get in a bit of a tussle? :P
3:02 was that Cool Runnings lol?
"Now I know why dragons are so angry...." haha...nice job.
John has a piece of jerky on his nose...
How about you guys try playing Mario + Rabbids: Kingdom Battle? We all LOVE it!
Use Peanut butter if it's too hot.
LOL and the Reaper is mild
Great video!
It taste like burning... lol good stuff.
NEXT TIME ON TRY CHANNEL Z!!! We find out the truth behind the bandage! All scars have their tale!
Sooo.... We really don't talk about fight club?... Cmoooon broooo... FUCK THE JERKY!!! Out with it! How'd you get poked hard enough to get stitches!?!?!?
Irish people try playing Dungeons & Dragons?????
how does this taste?!
Hahaha who nutted John?
The dark haired girl is HOT!! I want to marry her!??
I'd love to see Irish people react to American Gods. Mad Sweeney specifically.
What happened to homeboys nose?
Anyone suffering from depression just needs to go to Ireland and hang wit da locals.
Reaper Jerky will give a whole new meaning to the Annie Song "Tomorrow" ..
For some perspective https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xSeBSXmc9rU
Having an old fashioned "jerk" off lol
The part about your body pushing everything out is true. Especially if you eat a Carolina Reaper or a Ghost Pepper on an empty stomach. Your body goes into full on purge mode and wants to shit and puke everything out of your body. DO NOT ever eat one of those peppers on an empty stomach.
Irish people react to the Irish pug songs!
I laughed so hard that I woke up my wife. Can I please be your token NDN?
So Jerky is cow bacon?
Carolina reaper jerky is delicious
Belching just makes Carolina Reaper even worse.
Beef jerky is good in any situation.
The hottest beef jerky I've ever eaten is Katie's XXX Scorpion pepper. It's hotter than any Carolina Reaper pepper jerky I've had even. You should look up their Super Spicy Beef Jerky Variety Pack
Would have been cooler to say he got into an alcohol fueled bar fight. Just saying. Sounds more Irish.
This is a personal challenge cuz I've done it before it's a product called Pure cap. Make buffalo wings and put three drops of it in the sauce before you mix it and let them eat it.
The women are gorgeous, but you all are awesome.
I can't stop staring at Johnny's nose...
What happened to your nose?
Jeff trying to kill these people
Irish People React to Tenacious D.
I'm the spicy boy! I'm the one who jerks! Game Grumps reference for those wondering.
Please God!... Give me an Irish Girl.
Bláithín, I still find myself attracted to your feminine charms! I know you hate when men notice you... but I can't help it!
I cannot believe that Carolina Reaper is an ingredient in a food product. The stuff is dangerous.
Did Bla' have to kick the shit out of Sharuf to make him eat jerky?? Easy woman!!
whats up with John s face?
Holy shit, it must suck alcohol fetus syndrome cock in merry old Ireland. No beef jerky? Bullshit. What a retarded channel. It should be attractive person meets Irish people. That would be great.
Today I learned not to take a rip while watching Try videos.
Carolina Reaper will ruin your tastebuds for life! Love you guys!!
"I am the boy who jerks" pfffffffffttt!
Did y'all have fun jerking off? ??
Eadaoin.... You're clearly a very filthy girl, based on your sense of humor, so what do ya say you let me whisper sweet nothings into your butthole?
You should do another America chips but use the brand Herrs instead of Utz chips
Funny funny funny and ladies smoking hot
The fuck happened to your face, dude
Czech alcohol already. The original Pilsner (Pilsner Urquell), Tuzemák (wannabe "Rum"), Budweiser Budvar, Žufánek Absinthe, Slivovice (Plum brandy), Becherovka...
Irish people eating Carolina Reaper (-flavored beef jerky) and all turning red like beets. What could be better?
Loving that carolina reaper jerky!
He's the spicy boy whom jerks
"I'm the one who jerks"
Fuck you, your channel sucks.
I love the girl with the spectacles
Disturbing how all three pairings linked the Carolina Reaper jerky to some sort of violation of their anuses/bottoms. Funny, but disturbing.
Let’s try next time Irish people try toothpaste ???????.
The blonde Irish lady reminds me of my sister no barrier and making allot of immature comments.
Looks like you just put a dick in your mouth
Aww John! I feel so bad! #prayersforjohn
Jesus! what a slash! Warrior.
Christ Irish folks are sexy lol
They did pretty good, but my brother and I ate a whole Carolina reaper each! I bet that would’ve tore them up! https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=Dx5glJlIVG0
"I'm the boy who jerks." and her look ??????
I'm assuming the guy with the bust up nose is a boxer and that he wasn't mobbed on the way to this show?
an irish with braces and a broke nose... all seems normal here
The woman with glasses is so beautiful??
Ordering a bag of the Carolina Reaper now.
I just watch for the chick with glasses. Idgaf she captivating.
A Carolina Reaper. That's what you eat to start the day. Screw the caffeine. No one sleeps when their taste buds and throats are on fire.
Years ago, in the US, we had a truck commercial with a frontier family making their way west in what was originally a covered wagon. But, in the fashion of the commercial, the wagon had been replaced with a truck. The wife was in the passenger seat and extended a piece of meat to the husband, who was driving. "Jerky?" He replied, "Actually, no. It's a real smooth ride."
The bad thing about über-spicy foods is, they burn going in one end, and burn coming out the other end. I guess Blue Oyster Cult was wrong, when they said, "Don't Fear The Reaper".
"My rectum is reacting" LOL
Irish people watch and react to Daniel Sloss's 'Jigsaw' concept
love this channel, love you guys, make me laugh all day long. but there at the end when Laura started talking bout the the after effects of that "Reaper" pepper,,, i lost it LMAO. I guess it could be called the Skirt Dropper jerky? LOL but serious. you ladies and gents are great!!! keep it up!!!!!
Johnny bullshit is like "where is the beer!!??" Niamh is so pretty.????
reaper jerk --- do NOT touch anything "sensitive" until you have washed your hands atleast 4 times!
"Awh fook a dook" LOL :)
What the hell happened to his face? Did he get in a bar brawl?
Irish PEOPLE? Just say Irish. I realize it won't be Irish Turtles. God I hate PC culture.
You should react to one of your videos but with auto-generated subtitles! YouTube doesn’t really understand the Irish accent so it’s extremely entertaining!
where I'm from, jerky is called Biltong
So,The former FACTS channel changed their name to TRY? Nice! Welcome Back,everyone!
"hoover" is one of the best verbs, ever.
binging your last two videos makes my mouth watering... LOL
Feck off you Irish coonts.
Well you did ask for spicy! Ask and you shall receive!! :)
Irish broads are gross.
the women on this one are charming and attractive
Someone needs to make a "Best of burps" video ft Laura aka Lolsy. ??
Eadaoin is hot.
How does Eadaoin pronounce her name?
When you have a carolina reaper wank its important to NOT wank with the same hand as you touched the reaper with.
Licking cows and retracting rectums...Just another normal day on The TRY Channel...
You all need to try these... Specially the chocolate that listed first. There's a challenge to see how many tiny squares you can eat.... But you can only eat 1 every minute https://www.vat19.com/category/Spicy-Stuff
No one in America eats Carolina Reaper anything that except super hot pepper fanatics.
Yo , John , who is leather-clad -man ?
When I've got a long drive (like 5 hours or more), spicy beef jerky and Coke is my "go to" driving snack.
Lol. ????????
Is jesus in this video poor guy.
John, what happened to your face? Heal that up fast, y'hear?
“I’m the spicy boy, I’m the one who jerks.” Haha dying
Unfortunately “American” beef jerky is hot garbage. Gotta get that New Mexican beef ?? Jerky. It’s thee best
Lolsy burps ars so cute : )
Hilarious ??
damn who beat that dudes ass?
Fuck a duck. well played
2:40 is a Game Grumps reference. Nicely done.
For those new to beef jerky. It's not meant to be hot. It's meant to be good and tasty. Something you can take with you on a hike to give you energy.
I thought for sure poor John was going to cry when he saw the Carolina Reaper.... can't blame him though
O M G.. That burp what the cutest burp ever. She totally had me at burp. <3
Previously, on Bates Motel...
Pause at 0:29, that Black raven haired Irish girl looks like Jennifer Connelly to us United States borns. Pure Raven headed Irish Black beauty.
Do the Irish born lads and lassies have not USA American products? Is this really a t'ing ? In 2018?
jerky is smocked not just dried otherwise youd get a very bland taste not so good
@0:32 Who else isn't surprised the Irishman has recently been in a fistfight?
who hurt you JBS?
How about a mega mix video of all of Laura’s burps?
the shorter version of "jerk jerky" is jerk(1 + y)
If it wasnt so expensive to send you guys something, Id love for you to try mexican american candies. Those pack a punch. There are so many things id love for you to try
I always love Lolsy’s burps... so hot ;)
Line of the video: lolsy: fuck a duck
Gotta love Laura and her "Cool Runnings" reference!
Did a football hooligan marry his Aunt or something?! What happened to his nose?
I just finished watching all your videos! ?? I was really sad when FACTS ended since I won’t be able to watch you guys again but now all is sorted. Very well! ??
Eadoin is sexy as hell
Do Mexican candy
IRISH PEOPLE ROCK ! And they learned to speak English very well. ??
I hope someone put a few toilet rolls in the fridge before this one...
I had some ghost pepper Beef Jerky , That was friggin hot !!!
Okay guys ... I noticed that none of the people from the spiciest wings video were in this one. I have no doubt they would have walked out when they saw Carolina Reaper on that package. I wouldn't blame the either ... That stuff really is dangerous.
"No wonder dragons are so angry." Hahaha!! You won the best line of the show!
Eadaoin. Is gorgeous
I made some spicy Jerky at home using "Shit the Bed" and "Satan's Blood" hot sauces. It was great eating it, but not so great when your ass feels like a flamethrower afterwards.
Ah, my people
Btw this isnt rarely good jerky. You can buy jerky like this anywhere in the South western US.
Is that a blonde, Irish James Mcavoy?
@lolsybyrne wins for best timing of a burp...
Irish People Try :Woomtree Hot Capsaicin Sauce
Carolina Reaper is great! I have powder to add to my chili. And tacos. And lasagna. And anything I think it would go well with.
What the Hell happened to John Sharpson's nose? ??????
That quote should live on!!! I'm the one who jerks and I put two in my mouth.... Thank you for that gem!
Lolsy's belch was fucking SPECTACULAR 6:03
Be careful what you ask for Eadaoin you just might get it! LOL great video.
It's official... I am an awful human being... I saw John and immediately thought "Why'd he get into a bar fight?!"
Hehe, who on TRY's up for Samyang x2 Super Spicy Instant Noodle challenge? (reputed world's spiciest instant noodle) Warning: diet not guaranteed
thank u tryreland
"I'm the spicy boy! I'm the one that jerks." He watches Game Grumps! hahaha
Try Nashville Hot Chicken!!!
The blonde is hot shes my fav
Great video guys just keep the gay guys and we're good! Awesome video Try Channel!
God I love all of these crazy Irish and the lassies are so lovely to look at it!
A Very interesting format...I also do Food Challenges & Irish.
"Im the one who jerks" XD HAHAHAHHA
ahahahahah, the episode was going so well....aaaaaand it took a nose dive towards the end ??
Don't mind watching you eat hot and hotter stuff but for god's sake have a beer handy instead of milk! Alcohol lifts the pepper oils off your tongue and washes it downstream.
??????
Irish people learn to drive an 18 wheeler.
I watched this salivating, because I love hot, spicy stuff. Should've had my dinner first. Also as soon as the Carolina Reaper was shown on the screen with the smoke alarm and flames, I started laughing. The after Carolina Reaper reactions had me crying I was laughing so much.
I bet john got his ass beat by the leather jacket man hitting on his girl
That Cool Runnings reference though! Lolsy, have my children!
Hot peppers help us heal. John's hurling hurt should be fine next time. Get better, John!
Missed out on "You can't fix stupid" jerky from Lincoln Ne. Wish I would have known would have sent some.
Hot and spicy are two different things. Carolina Reaper is just godly hot lol
Bláithín, I'm the one who would buying and eating lots of it, but it costs too much to buy. So I make my own. With a dehydrator, or over a fire, not with a Hover.
Imma have to hit up Jeff's website. I love jerky. I love spicy.
It was nice to see Balithin enjoying the food for a change ??
You know what these guys should try next? the Mother Of All Bars!
You guy... Never satisfied. First you ask for hotter. Then you complain about how hot it is.
I forget that Colin is a Game Grumps fan, lol
Guessing that no one in the shoot spoke to Áine, Paul or Nicole, and that Dónal tricked John or something...
6:03??
John looks like he got glassed by some chav
2:57 just a moment of appreciation for John and that awesome catch that flowed seamlessly into a presentation. your skill has been recognized! or sheer luck lol
Did Leather Jacket Guy punch Johnny Bullshit in the face for real this time? What happened?
Loved everyone's reaction to the reaper lmao have you guys thought about being on Hot Ones?
COOL RUNNINGS REFERENCE FOR THE WIN!
Should have them try the last dab pepper x from hot ones.
Lolsy just crying with her tongue stuck out is where I lost it.
"It's not even food, it's just pain." John, truer words have never been spoken.
Who punched John in the face?
Colin: Send us some spicy beef jerky, the spiciest of the spiciest. Jeff Richards: CHALLENGE ACCEPTED!
I'm so addicted to these videos!! I've watched dozens and dozens and dozens...most of these folks seem pretty cool. Couple I am less fond of. That Laura/Lolsy is lovely and somehow makes burps cute. I think that she is my favourite even without the cute burps and red hair, I think I'd like her best as an actual person. Keep it up Try Channel!
Lolsy is the best. So funny.
Well, you said you wanted to sweat. Was that reaper hot enough for you?
Bravo Jeff.
I fouked up
WTF happened to John's nose!!!!! :O
I have no idea why but the fact that the try channel throws the things at them is way more amusing to me than it should be
Vegans be warned. Awesomeness is about to ensue!
No matter where in the world you're from, real beef jerky is amazing.
Omg Niamh ??????
5:41 Was that a Game Grumps reference?! XD
Ice cream all round!!!
How about you guys make your own jerky.
Lolsy's burp was so haught
o my goodness i could not stop laughing thanks
Jesus what happened to John's face?? That looks seriously painful!
Can you fuck nuts bring Harker back?
One of the best vids yet! However, I just can't get to the ending because @ 6:03, she has me dying! I will try to make it there eventually.
I so laughed at their pain. I was crying from all my laughing.
THIS WAS YOUR BEST ONE YET !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Some people can only take a little heat, some can take a lot. For people who can only take a little, or a medium heat, the bad burn is in the mouth and throat. For people like me, who can take major heat levels, it isn't the pain in the thoat, or mouth, but the next day...
Looks like someone was in a bar fight the night before the shoot...
OMG I spt my dew on the screen when LOLSY belched HAHAHAHHAHAHA
"ALRIGHT JEFF!"
Is this true is this Shannan when she was a child? https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XUhip2cFGLM
Niamh has the cutest smile, every time I've seen her on facts/try, she puts a smile on my face. As old as I am, that's hard to do. Thank you
you guys should do irish people watch insatiable i would love to hear bláithín roast it
Irish people watch Khabib start a melee after UFC fight against Mcgregor. Also, react to the Irish fans getting knocked out left and right by Russian fans.
What happened to Johns nose
You're supposed to have a beer with the reaper and in smaller bites. Then finish it off with your favorite shot. I prefer the "Irish car bomb" with the spicy stuff.
A helpful hint for the Irish lads and lasses: a cup of hot black coffee works best to quell the heat after eating spicy food. No joke. I've never tried it with hot tea, sorry.
What happened to Johnny Bullshit? I thought those leatherjacketguy punches were fake?
Try the spicy ramen challenge or the hottest chip one! That would be so fun to watch!
I like your channel except the fucking bullshit anti gun ad in the beginning. Piss poor and stupid they should just stop it. !!! Nothing about that is real.for fucks sake.
Jon...You aren't suppose to catch the ball with your face!! You're too cute for that!
F a duck LOL!!!!! As an American who visited Ireland let's just say I miss Saint James gate. ROFLMAO
I’m so happy companies are recognizing you! I’m here for all the successful
Ahhh god, I love you people so much Between this, the Disgusting Shots, and the Krispy Kreme, you have made my week So Much Better. Thanks to you all, for sacrificing your digestive tracts to all of us out here in Internet Land!
That's the 1st time I've heard Lolsy swear...usually it's "holy guacamole" apparently Carolina Reaper brings out "F a duck." ..she's still the cutest!!
Includin yar ass.
Jamaican "beef jerky"? probably an alley cat.,don't eat anything from Jamaica.
Irish women.
Her burping is the cutest thing for some reason
They said it wasn’t spice enough so he gave them what they wanted Spivey enough
Lolsy, please call me up if you ever do the cow licking thing. Sounds gross but I'm curious nevertheless. Can't I start by putting hot sauce on my cat and then lick her. Never mind, I'm talking bollocks and I might be slightly pissed... if not fully drunk. Sláinte!
Ok , Which one of you punched Johnny Bullshit in the nose?.... He stole leather jacket Guys cabbage again didnt he
Does it make me a bad person that i enjoy their suffering so much? Now make Dermot eat 4 gallons of peanut butter.
What happened to your nose mate?
God I love Eadaoin!
So they give us just a tease of Kellie but she’s not part of the shot and no one mentions Sharpson’s busted face?
What? Not even one explanation about what happened to Mr Sharpsons nose?
That game grumps reference at 5:42
You want some spice and heat? Give the HOT ONES Challenge with Sean Evans a TRY!
I bought one called Ring of Fire a while back. I realized what ring would be on fire when it worked it's way out a day later.
@6:03 Impressive
Irish people catch fire.
Hahahahahaha Arin would be so proud of Colin's "I'm the spice boy, I'm the one who jerks" comments haha
OMG, I have a deep pain in my heart that John's cute and darling face is injured.
"My rectum is reacting!" lmfao!
Do the one chip
5:32 "Dracaris!" lol!!!
Sure now that can't be a good idea to stick two bits of that carolina reaper one in your mouth, that's asking for trouble!
that was a fun video to watch. It was all going fine until the last one. Then complete chaos.
MC Spicy Boy
Irish people try getting a tan.
5:42 did Colin just make a Game Grumps reference I-
His nose disgusts me.
My rectum is reacting ?????????? EPIC
My grandfather said "If your ass was not burning after you shit it was not hot enough of".
"When I think of you my anus will contract " Should be on a Tshirt ! Much love ?????
"Im the spicy boy, I'm the one who jerks"!!..????????
"Who's buying this ?!?' Probably people with wicked head colds & sinus problems.
surprised you went the carolina reaper route considering the last go round
Best episode!
They are going to erupt out their anuses with such force as to leave them more stretched out than a schoolboy in prison.
They're so cute when they're suffering. Poor Laura and John were turning weird colors though.
laughs in evil American
I love jerky and spicy things, but I tend to stop at anything past the Ghost Pepper.
I am the one who jerks.
lol my sphincter winced in sympathy.... The carolina reaper once tried to kill me as well!
You got Jeff's attention, nobody saw that coming. You brave slightly mental, lovely people.
Unfortunately guys, Carolina reaper burns twice........when you eat it, and I think you know the second burn. Good luck and God's speed! One bit of advice, if you use a handicap stall, those hand holds are excellent to hold on to when the Reaper exits!
Laura was pretty funny in this!
Was John saying it got stuck in his braces? If so I KNOW HOW YOU FEEL the braces not the Carolina reaper thing
It's cow "tipping" Lolsy. Not cow "lipping".
5:41 was that a Game Grumps "video game boy" reference?
“Dracarys!” Haha
Love that React videos can include company quality assurance.
If there's any time for a beer it's now.. with that delicious jerky
Laura is bae
John, lean further over when you're hurling, so that when the seat falls it hits you in the back of the head, not the face.
#contractedanus
Thanks Jeff!
Yep, Lolsy became Mel Giedroyc at 6:03. Definitely caught me by surprise, laughing my bollocks off!
Someone’s skin is getting better ??
Looks like someone got in a fight at a pub. I'm SMH Ireland....
Looks like John was at the McGregor fight
Does Shannon just not work here anymore?????????????????????????????????
John, you're the most precious human being who ever lived.
Wise words " put the sauce on the cow and lick it off" ??????
"I'd be happier if you put the marinade on a cow, and i could lick the cow. I wouldn't have to chew as much." ??????
I live in South Carolina. We literally grow them here. It’s named after death and you fools put it in your mouths! We live with the plant and only a few of us are foolish or crazy enough to eat it or anything it touches
Has someone sent them biltong yet?
Oh shit! John is there something u wanna tell us, does the Leather Jacket Guy beat u w/ the hammer again..lol
some one got a head stuck on em ????
Ok, someone out there must be producing Carolina Reaper flavored Surströmming for the try channel.
My rectum is reacting to it ??????????
Hey, at least nobody had to wear toxic containment gloves to handle the food this time!
I hope he won the fight. He looks like he ran into a brick wall.
What happened to B.S. Johnny's' face?
the nose
Good to see John still not talking about Fight Club. Good job John...
Laura's steak hoovering sound effects = 10/10
John ,dude are you ok? What happened? Good to see the Irish again, i love all the videos, especially the absinthe taste test ! I laugh my ass ogf every time I see it.
6:03 I used to have a motorbike that sounded like that when it was running out of fuel.
+The Try Channel okay, I'm giving up. I tried to mail alcohol; it's illegal. I tried to send other stuffs; I had to fill out 20 pages of government paperwork in triplicate. I give up! Seriously. Who can I make a check out to?
This one was so cool .
:D
I never knew until this moment that 'The TRY Channel' filmed all the participants together in the same room at the same time.At the 30 second point in the video, one group was talking to another group. I just assumed that they brought them in two at a time and then spliced the resulting film scenes together as they tested whatever they were going to test for that particular shoot. But if you look early in the video, one of the group of two is speaking off-camera to another group of two. That's interesting!
FUCK UH DUCK
There are people that eat things so spicy it hurts them just to prove they can do it.  If there are people that'll buy it, someone will sell it.
Try Peruvian food!!!
wth happened to John Sharpson?
I FORMALLY REQUEST A TRY CHANNEL/FIRST WE FEAST MASHUP TO TRY HOT SAUCES. You're welcome just send my check in the mail.
Mayyn, none of these punks are OG. John has let the Sharpson team down.
who the hell beat the hell out of my dude? or no means no bro
Well someone got headbutted
Don't fear the Reaper
I like the Reaper jerky, BUT that is because I've been eating spicy food for so many years that I have a tolerance built up. For people who don't have that tolerance, it can be pretty overwhelming. For me the reaper is one of the best tasting peppers I've had in years. I still find myself surprised at how good of a pepper it is when so many hybrids are bitter and terrible.
More Lolsy and Niamh! The chemistry!
Why does this channel only feature Irish men trying food? It's so misogynistic.
How funny my rectum is reacting to it lmao great quote
3:12 Jeff's Jerk Jerky Not as good as Kirk Berkley's Turkey Jerky from Corner Gas.
What happened to the mans nose?!?!
Ryan Cullen fistfights a monkey.
BURPS FIRE
Best way to get a girl to drop her skirt and get her anus to "do things"? Just give em some carolina reaper. Not Carolina Raper. Thats something TOTALLY different.
So, the jerky I eat is more like meat chips. Homemade stuff wrapped in paper. Once you try that you don't typically go back to bagged stuff.
Since i saw Tumbleton on a drunk vid, and i noticed she does have the legs and the booty...she is my favorite...
Yay! Spicy jerky is bae.
"now whenever I think of you my anus will contract" "Alright, Jeff!" LOL
Eadaoin: "It's not the kick we were looking for. I want to start having the sweats here." Me: (wincing) Ooooh! She's gonna regret saying that!
Bring on Satan's toe...they want hot, give it to them.
You guys have to try American chewing Tabasco or snuff!!!!????
Lol's to lolsy on the sweet Thai jerky
John's subtly and unintentionally cosplaying Hawke from Dragon Age II, lol
Gettin jerkey with it ??
Saw Blaithin in Primark tonight.....nice to then see this in my inbox & 'nice to know' about her bloody rectum & contracting anus! Was good vid ??
I love anything Carolina Reaper related... couldn't wait to see your guys' reactions. Everyone's asses were involved in some way with that jerky hahaha!
Glad somebody thought to have dairy on hand for the Carolina Reaper jerky.
"I'm the spicy boy, I'm the one who jerks" -Colin Love the Game Grumps reference lol
sfter the last one Lolsy's Hair and face matched!!!
Who busted up Sharpson's face?
Never in the history of forevers have I ever seen a White person not bust out with a horrible fake accent the nanosecond they read "Jamaica" #bigfacts
Looks like Leather Jacket Guy finally landed a punch on John. lol..or was the culprit Levi???
Did my man fight a khabib fan last weekend?
Tastes like burning. I like jerky on the tougher side.
Hottest curries next !!!
Love it , hope the guy with the stitches is ok love you guys . From ohio
what has happened to my darling Jon
The Spanish have an expression "Caca Fuego". That is what you can expect after eating Carolina Reaper jerky.
Just harvested a lot of Carolina Reapers yesterday. Good timing ??
Good job JEFF ????????
Wtf was she doing eating in the bath? Although I've literally drank alcohol in the shower before haha
All the best in this one Wit, pain, passion, and another belch take from Lolsyb
Lol..."no wonder dragons are so angry"
Laura- "Oh fuck a duck!" When the reaper bag came out ?????? you're becoming one of my favorites ??
I wish I knew their names but what's his face looks like he got in a bar fight (or would they call it a pub fight?) xD Hopefully it doesn't hurt too much
One of the best vids so far as the Try channel.
Praising!
He did ask for some really spicy jerky.
Irish men try make up, you guys should so do that video! Please.
There's something really charming about an Irish woman's burp, I must admit
Looks like Jon was talkin’ when he should’ve been listenin’...
I love you guys!!!
Try Biltong. South African Jerky, much better.
Thanks for another fine video - I rate it 2.5 million Scoville Heat Units!
WTF Happened to John?
wait, what happened to John?
“ I am the spicy boy, I’m the one who jerks”, did you just make a Game Grumps reference?
I want to try carolina reaper jerky...but they dont sell it here. That looked amazing...ly hot!
I'm a man, but I'd totally lose to Lolsy in a burp contest. Period.
Rectum? Damn near killed ‘em
It’s a miracle they didn’t burst into flames by eating the last one. I will forever love this channel. You guys are awesome.
I want to send you some stuff from Barbados. Tell me how.
Got to get me a Irish woman!
He watches game grump.
Thumbs are almost invisible with the speed i press the try channel videos, cunts catch with the Jamaican jerk deserves applause
They are saying John had a Hurling accident, I think that's a cover, Leather Jacket Guy gave him a thrashing. c'mon. come clean.
"hurling accident" ;)
The fuck happened to johns nose.
I can see why dragon's are so angry. Loved it.
Yoo wat happend to dudes face lol
You ate Carolina Reaper Jerky...on purpose? That stuff is chewable fire!
why did levi and leather beat up on johnny bullshit
I don't normally comment, but when i do, i can just say i love you.
Hi to everyone at the Try Channel, I've been a subscriber to your YouTube channel for about 6 months now. I really enjoy watching your videos. I have 2 chronic lower back pain conditions, Lumbar Spinal Stenosis and Degenerative Disc Disease and Osteoarthritis in both of my knees and in my hips. I can't sleep most nights because of my chronic pain so I binge watch your videos. Binge watching your videos helps me get through the sleepless nights and helps me forget about my pain. Thank you for making your videos, I really appreciate it.
My swearing vocabulary has greatly increased since watching the channel. You English speaking Europeans sure do know how to make some amazing swear combinations
"I'm the Spicy Boy! I'm The One Who Jerks!" Glad to see Colin is a Game Grumps fan!
Watching you kids suffer is SOOO entertaining, for some reason!
This was amazing!
This is my favorite video in a while. From Lolsy's burp at 6:00 to the end of the video, I couldn't breathe from laughing!
Looks like someone got khabib'd ????
Colin did ask for it. That hot spicy meat. He just shoved it in his mouth. It made him gasp for air. He then had white stuff on his tongue to take away the pain of the seed.
I was looking thru the comments as I had a hell of a time trying to view this video. You tube was saying I needed to sign in , video was private but I’d been on You Tube all afternoon without issue. Even rewatched Wednesday episode & viewed perfectly. My instructions stated to sign into goggle & put in a code. Disclaimer said if don’t feel comfortable having information used cancel which I did. I was able 10 minutes later able to sign in thru google with typical email & password. Very odd! Once I finally got to view the video, it was good for a laugh & get rid of frustration of trying to watch it. Enjoy your weekend!
Colin isn't old enough to know or remember Tetris!
The redheaded lass that had her tits almost falling out whilst eating pies can jerk my meat any day! I would fly out to Ireland to let her!!!!
My boyfriend is the one who eats the Carolina reaper. Jerky, Asian food, etc. The spicier the better for him. #FlammingButthole
Well he did ask for the heat. He got what he wanted.
Irish people watch John Mulaney?
"Now every time I think of you, my anus will contract" - Best Video Quote Winner
You should do "Irish people try american casseroles." Tater tot casserole, tuna casserole, tamale pie, chicken casserole, baked mac and cheese with ham casserole, etc
4:17 He suddenly got flashbacks of that one episode
Thank you thank you for the taste tests. This is why we are moving up in the subs!!!!  Nadia said John was in a hurling accident. Sorry not sure what that is. Is it where you move that heavy puck like thing on the ice ???? Thank you for answering
What’s that saying again? Be careful what you ask for, because you just might get it....
Her making the jerk off motion was everything! ??????????????
Bláithín at 5:58 is the most gif-able moment in the video. "Jeff, whenever I think of you my anus will contract." Cheers Bláithín!!! And everyone, so many sexual innuendos; even more than I expected!!! You make me so proud.??????
Looks like John was so excited for the jerky he put his face into a door...
Yay necklace girl!
ÉADAOIN did ya sweat? ??
Yay, Jeff! Treat 'em right! Red hot medium hot colored me confused, but y'all will be red in a minute.
Watch Demolition Ranch, Off The Ranch, and Zebra Corner.
Il give bandaid the sweats. By golly miss molly
I don't envy y'all one bit! ?? As always, great video, lads! ??
Polished off that entire tub of ice cream trying to cool my lil tongue down after that Carolina Reaper jerky ????
Put some cold jerky on yer schnoz
Johnny WTF happen to you lad?
I loooves me some jerkey!! Also, how bout my catch at 2:56 right?? ????
Notice that nobody who made the “Irish people eat the worlds hottest wings” for Facts made a return for this. Seeing Nicole O’Connor’s face go all red was pretty awful.
Colin ?? "I'm the spicy boy" I'm the one who jerks " And I put the whole thing in my mouth". I'm dead I'm laughing so hard?????? Poor John I could see the fear in your eyes at the reaper.????
6:12 ??????????????
I think the girls took the heat better than the guys
Now i want to try the spicy jerk
What happen to Johns face? Geezus Dude
Carolina Reaper is only bad if you wanna eat it raw,it's perfect in curry
Carolina Reaper Jerky?? Oh hell yeah, that sounds good. Except when you have braces, tongue piercings or any other type of open wounds. lol
I gotta try that. I hope Jeff sells on Amazon.
the black packaging means you guys are officially Jeff’s guinea pigs! ??
OMG, John, what happened to that gorgeous face of yours?????
Irish people watch power
Why was this pirvate?
Nodines jerky is awesome
I wonder if you'd be okay if you ate a Carolina reaper piece of jerky, immediately followed by a Krispy Kreme donut? Maybe try that? Or don't, because F the reaper.
"Previously on Try" please do more of this, it's hilarious!
Please stop subjecting these nice Irish people to our worst stuff and give them the good things from around the US.
Was that a game grumps reference?? “I’m the spicy boy I’m the one who jerks” lmfao
John's poor face was from hurling, but Laura's face took the spicy hit on today's vid I think.
Put a link guys! I will happily pay for like four of those bags
And here I was thinking America had nothing left to offer.... Spicy Jerky will save us.
Niamh ?????
I'm going to have to send some of our West Michigan jerky... Many flavors and types of animals
Love watching you guys try some hot things, but you really need to try some of our hot sauces and then we'll see..
Finally unset private mode. Yay! Blaithin was a bit over the top today, wow! I like it.
Sounds like Niamh said “UDDER flavors”! Ha, ha! Beef! Udders! (I know what you’re thinking: “How ‘dairy’ make bad puns!”)
John! What the hell man?
Is there a link where I can get some of this jerky?
Eaodin is awesome.
I’d hate to see what the other guy looks like! Jk jk hope it heals up quickly darlin!
Éadaoin got what the FUCK she asked for. xD
What happened to Johns nose?
Johnny B.S what happened, who did this to you, Éadaoin?!
You're really pumping the vids out lads, loving it
I would have bet the rent money that Bláithín would have cracked the first meat/jerk joke but alas I was proven wrong!
Do you expect to just sit here and pretend there’s nothing wrong with John’s face?
Irish People watch Classic Doctor Who (1963-1989, 1996)!
Awh poor John with his hurling accident, so glad you're all healed up now! ?????? you poor people being forced to eat more Carolina reaper products! ?? On another note, for those of you interested there's an official fan group on fb where you can interact with other fans and the TRY crew themselves! As well as being kept up to date on any new announcements and fan meet ups when the TRYers visit your location! Just look up "the official TRY channel fans," read the rules,  answer the questions and you'll be approved! ??
Ask for the spice... get the spice!!! #JeffOurHero
"I'm the Spicy Boy. I'm the one who jerks." Spot the Game Grumps fan. https://youtu.be/UkVMNRm7LGA
Nothing Is Hotter Than Johnathon's Mother!!??
Top video, guys. What happened to John??
Do the Paqui one Chip challenge if you haven't already.
john kid, you ok? but seriously though, its not cool for someone to look that hot even with a stitch on their nose, seriously you not human >.> love ya
wtf happened to yer face man? Hope ya heal up soon.
? Private
You ok, John?
Damm what happen to Jonny bullshit? His face is looking rough
Irish People React to Community!
Why is this video private???
It's always time to jerk off!
Where do grandpa get all this food to cook for so many? Must be a rich grandpa ????.
His Smile is Priceless!
An explosion of color, flavor and love??????
I LIKE SMILY FACE OFF CHILDREN AND UR COOKING GRANDPA I RESPACT U ALWAYS
Can't believe this video has so many dislikes! But whatever,,,,as long as I like it!
There's a special place in hell for people who dislike grandpa's videos
Why do they eat rice with their hands? Why do they eat on the floor?
super
JESUS CHRIST save JESUS CHRIST KING ??of kings
This looks better than any fried rice I've ever had
Maybe time to sharpen the knives
Does Grandpa watch Rick and Morty?
i from indonesia ?? all of you grandpa videos
This Grandpa is GOD??
I am damn sure that the kids are still in toilet.
YouTube better be sending this man fat checks! for all the likes and views he gets, good people like him deserve it
How many people love and appreciate grandpa
the amount of chillies indians eat is insane
i like these
Ending is satisfaction
Mouth watering ????
????? ????? ?????? ? ???????
This channel need 50 m subs
Yummy meaning?
The world's population is made out of: 30% of orphans and poor people 20% of normal people 48.5% of rich people who are ultimate show offs and waste food 1.5% of people like Grandpa
Schezwan chicken fried rice please grandpa
Nope indians have a habit of eating spicy food, and it looks spicy but it isnt that much, i know that bcoz im an indian....we hell eat a lot of spices and we love it....
???? ????? ??????
Kids get a good meal because of love. Bless you grandpa
U people are doing very great work , keep it up
Plz put ground chili in food it scares me that any kid can bite on thoes red or green chili Like ur recipes alot.
Grandpa no need to speak English to attract your viewers, we apperiaciate and love you for your originallyty,
MYY BUENOOO
God Bless You and your helpers always Grandpa!
U r blessed grandpa. You made all people from around the world to feel warmth in the heart to see such kindness from you and ur team towards orphans. Thank u grandpa.
? ????? ?? ?? ?? ??? ? ??? ????? ?????? ?? ???????? ???? ?? ?? ?? ????? ??????? ??? ?? ??? ??? ??? ??? ?????? ??? ?? ?? ???????
Love the way grandpa speaks English.
LOVE this Chanel .??
??????????yumiiiiiii
Grandpa, where do all your recipes come from? What is your assistants name?
Wow
I love his little giggle
Kinyu jite jii maa baap bacho ko anath kar dete he un bacho ko hamesa vagwan khus rakhe ......i just love those cute babies.....????????
I think of adding some chicken or eggs would be perfect ??
how i love this grandpa ????
I wish I had this rice right now with sum salmon
Grandpa IS NOT cooking or stirring here SORRY TO SAY. He is just adding ingredients into the pot which are probably measured out and given to him by someone else. Check the stirring and wrist technique of the person who IS actually doing the cooking and also has an orangish red lakhri (string) on his wrist compared to grandpas NON stirring wrist technique.. . Grandpa nor his grandson are wearing lakhris here .That cast iron spatula cannot be used by grandpa too heavy for him he would of burned the rice at bottom of the pan. Just saying otherwise nice rice who ever cooked them
Huge lover from Indonesia grandpa is the best ????????
Man... All tgis granpa videos make me hungry.
Grandpa, your English is getting better and better, keep it up! Congratulations you have reached 3M subscribers! Wow, this is milestone. Well done, well done. God bless you.
Son super buenos los niños para comer picante ?? ??.
I love you grandpa I am from Sri Lanka ????
Ek video me grandpa ko dekha hai that cigarette box
Peacock
Very close to 3M
Many politicians with supreme money and power are not ready to do this but he is doing hat's off grandpaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa
Grandpa u are great
Whats the village name bro
While they give them food they have to keep eating off their dirty ass hands
Spicy But Good ?? Good Job as Always Grandpa???? The Children So Heart Touching.
Omg ...that must be sharp
Grandapa don't smoke it spoils ur health
????? ????????? ??? ?????????????.
Soy sauce + salt??? Sodium overdose!!
Gramps sure loves his chillies ?? ??
Grandpa puittfull Diss
I love u grand paa team..
Geez, it's a little bit of work making some for three or four people. The amount you're making is a lot of prep work!
The sons always willing to help love that. He stays willing to support his grandpa and the kids he helps drop that like!
Grandpa kitchen su corazón ??es oro , dios les bendiga amén ??
May u live longer grandpa??????
Dear GRANDPA. Next chapter. Cook to the children tacos. But not the insipid and graceless tex-mex recipe. Please do really mexican tacos with tender tortillas. Greetings from Mexico.
???? ????? ??? ??????? ?????? ??????
??????????
????????????????????
Throw some chicken or beef in there grandpa and you’ve got a meal
Grandpa you are hero
aye bro you aint my grandpa bro
Gooooo grandpa!!!!!! Youre awesome ????
This grandpa is so cute!
I love Grandpa
WILD PEACOCK APPEAR!
grandpa taught me to cook my childhood memory
i like this dish since i was a baby
That’s not Chinese if you put you’re own twist to it an added spices
I think its too spicy for the kids ????
Grand pa u r so gr8. I wish you prepare more recipes and be happy. Luv u grand pa ????????????
????
Great grandpa??
Parabéns vc é uma grande pessoa
I see all grandpa recipes and try to imagine How good is the tast, Brazil love u!
good job
Big salute both of u sir
These causes cancer give healthy stuff
You are the coolest grandpa with a big heart :) May God bless you more! - From???? With ?
The fried rice looks so good. ??
??? ??? ?? ???? ??? ???? ????
??? ??? ?? ??? ??? ????
God bless
?????? ???? ??????
Where is this place grandpa is cooking?
Loving - careing - shareing This is my family ?
I love you buddy??????
Ira nomas
Hello, I'm from Brazil, we love you.??????
Los latinos admirados este canal CONGRATULATIONS GRANDA YOU ARE THE BEST CHEF BECAUSE THE WORLD CAN SEE IT
Hey grandpa good job ??.... you are such a blessing??
Yummm Dear Grandpa once again I feel Hungry! Your fried Rice looks Delicious ?? God Bless all of you!
GRANDPA you are a wonderful man you are a blessing of god and an angel you are a magnificent cook you deserve to have millions of subscribers I admire you grandpa I am new and I subscribe to your channel because your videos are wonderful and fascinating you are the best grandfather in the world Delicious food you always do You are from India? greetings from Spain?????????????????
this is better than the food network...you know they don’t eat half that food
You beautiful man you
Grandpa is too good for this world...
Will try this for my kids. Super yummy. Well done
Grandpa i salute you! May God bless you as always
How do you best prepare the rice so it isn't that sticky? That stuff's looking good
Be careful in chopping grandpa. We love you
You are an amazing man and Chef. God bless you for the work you do!????
Man, these kids eat better than me haha. Keep it up!
Nice
Don’t skip the ads guys the money from YouTube goes to something great
Thank you grandpa!!!!
I wonder how spicy is that. ?? hmmm. Mouth watering. ??
ok???
Great rice recipe Grandpa.
wow grandpa goes right for that red chili pepper... brave man ... hahaha
that looks delicious omg
Very good sound quality
?????? ????? ????????? ??? ???? ????? ??
Love
why other people disliking this video? they give a food for other people
????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????
I hope Grandpa is not being exploited and is being paid for these videos
????????????????
My grandpa.... I love you
Any malayali
Brasil muito bom esse ato q o senhor faz
How many times will be spend to making a lot of foods?
You are amazing person
Thatta therikkaviduraru
My curious mind want to more about grandpa. What was his job when he was young? Where from he has learnt cooking? I m amazed !!! ??
Nice video
this is the best channel on youtube
Much love for you, grandpa !!!!
I like the part while grandpa tasting the food
??? ???????
Nothing sichaun about this. Call it fried rice with Tomato sauce.
Oh my goodness I'm fasting right now for health reasons and spiritual reasons this made me so hungry I'm attempted to eat something but I am not have to start watching you because of food looks so good it makes me so hungry thank you
?? ???? ??? ????? ?
So glad I found this channel! Keep up the amazing work.
Is he Indian?
Grandpa ??????????
does he meant schezuan? my eyes read... switWSFSAFAFSfafsaland
Love it from Indonesia
ainda tem gente que não da lik ! maravilhoso trabalho deste homem Deus sempre abençoe sua obra!
Wow excelent!
D namaste
Amazing. Would love to know where I could donate and send grandpa some knives before he hurts himself. It’s the least I can do
??????
Love from Rio de Janeiro, Brasil.
Uater,Ail,Salto , i am fan number one of Grandpha!
God Bless you, Grandpa ??? grandpa have a big heart ????
Hai grand Pa iam SYED RIYAZULHAQ BSC TTC IAM IN KADAPA DISTIC RAMAPURAM MANDAL NEELAKANNTROPET VILLAGE PLEASE THIS NUMBER IS ONE CALLING 9908458861
????????
Go Grandpa Love from Philippines...Mabuhay
Hey @youtube did grandpa recieve his Gold play button award yet? I want to see grandpa and family being awarded ??
Love you grandpa ??????????
Hi bro why can't you buy an vegtable cutter
Need to figure out what birth control is in India.. Would fix a LOT of the problems.
Keep it up gramp a ????????
Very good Grandpa ?? ? ????
hi grandpa i'm from indonesia,i'm hungry because you hehehe ?????
hi grandpa i'm from indonesia,i'm hungry because you hehehe ?????
You are my sweet grandpa
Grandpa where r u from
I tear up always at the end seeing the faces of those children. They are blessed.
God bless you. May you always have the strength you need and all the best prayers for you!?? You are truly a blessing for these children and you are very humble.
I kno that’s salty
God Bless you grandpa!!
???
Tuy?t v?i
WHY THE DISLIKE PEOPLE???????????!!!!
Bless you always grandpa
I really admire grandpa's work. But isn't it too spicy for the children to have that Much of chili.????!!!!??? Maybe try to replace the cili with other tasty flavors??
???????????????
this is not sezwan rice this is sauce rice see many kinds of sauce here I love it ????????
God bless you Grandpa , Loving ,Caring, Sharing.
????????
Looks like pa got himself a new pot
Hello grandpa from Saudi Arabia , I love this video ????????
Only for this channel i won't to skip any ads ??
I love the rice awesome awesome!!!
Great
????????????????
Dear Grandpa...thank you for being a beautiful inspiration.??????????????????????????
From Brazil ????!!! ????????
grandpa please make indonesian food its like meatball with egg and chicken sate
Too much spicy for kids.
Me deu vontade de comer esse arroz !! ??
???? ?????????? ??????? ???? From iraq this ho work?
Love u grandpa may God bless u
I love this channel, even if i am busy with work i still check grandpa's cooking videos every night. If i can make a thousands of YouTube account just to subscribe to grandpa and make the channel gather more money to help more i will. More powers grandpa! I'm hungry now ??
The only Cooking Channel that doesn't talk too much
wow excellent
grand pa he is God supper ??????????????????
you whatsap yes???
?? ????? ??????
Pimentas isso ae Vermelha, e as crianças
Loving sharing caring this is my family
Tradução em português por Favorrr, Adoro seus vídeos suas receitas, mais não entendo nada que falam kkk
Yummy. Yummy recipes by grandpa!????
what is the name of this place???
What a legend!!!!!
I wish America was like this because he makes everything with love and has a reason for doing it and doesn't make them pay!??????
Hello, I'm Brazilian, and what good would it be if I lived here in the country where I live, there were people so charitable in this way, lots of prosperity in this project, I Love Grandpa ??
kas ki Mai iss great Kam mein app ki madad kar pati
When Grandpa cooks ,it makes me hungry because I love his cooking!
Grandpa is amazing!??
Kya sauce hi sauce bana raha hai
Damn grandpa fried rice looks spicy... those peppers are whole in, there ....
I need to visit India some day to see my roots
Love you Grandpa
Me agrada ese sujeto caray soy el unico que habla spanish
Hello from Brasil ?esse lugar é lindo .
Your from? I saw Telugu words in this video I'm also from Andhra Pradesh, let me know your address I will meet you.
Please make fish and chips ??
Love ya Granpa!!??
I Love India??????
I love when your grandchild is on camera
??????????
Love this man so much for what he does for these kids! God bless him and those children ???
Gramps get some real knifes man
A lot of spice first taste and I’m on fire but yh you are an amazing cook
One of the girls looks like a girl from the village food
U are the best grandpa, hello from Russia!!
Your awesome grandpa
Grandpa doesn't need those ill fitting gloves. I trust that the food is hygienic anyway.
I’ve been away from YouTube and need to catch up ???? still cooking up a storm I see gramps ??????
Grandpa's cooking is no1
Dios lo siga bendiciendo grandemente grandpa ????????????????????????????????
I support Grandpa Kitchen so much, I turn off ad block for him. Keep on cooking grandpa.
the food look super delicious not only because he use fresh ingredients but bcz he cook with love
Stop encouraging handouts. This is not acceptable. Have those kids help you out with cooking or around your farm. Let them know hard work gets you to where you need to go. No wonder your country is so backwards.
May god bless his soul ??I love watching him cook for those children??????..team grandpa
Nossa o sabor deve ser maravilhoso, adoro este canal!!!!
??
The kids in India must have an excellent spice tolerance.
?? ??????
Y’all keep doin your thing man it’s beautiful what y’all are doing God bless
God bless you
God will always blessed you for feed the children's..
god bless your soul, grandpa.
??? ???? ??? ?? ?????? ??????
This is just beautiful
?
??? ????? ????????? ??????? ????.
Thankyou Granpa! always delicious! from Paraguay! ShouthAmerica
Wow nice recipe
Sir ji aap see ek sawal tha aap log yee sab garib bacho kay liyia yee sab karthay hoo or ith naa saaraa saman lanay kay liyia bahuth saray paisay lagthay hay voo khasay lathay tho please iss ka jawab daynaa please
Rick and Morty?
On God pops be flickin the wrist with no problems
Super
Watching you cook is soo peaceful, your the Bob Ross Of Cooking.
Love watching your videos ...loved the way you cook food...????????
I love you grandpa
I love you ????
You are grad grandpa ??????
Ahhh i want to eattttt
Super
With your age, i would ask for help to cook, to the young. And if i was one of them, you should’t have to ask.
VN Có Ai xem ko
Another great video grandpa! Love it :)
If grampa past away i will miss you ????????????????????????
You have the cutest grandkids alive you are a very lucky Grandpa
Good job grandpa!
You are the greatest Grandpa alive you take very good have a good of your family and I just think you're awesome
God bless u. You do so much for the village ????????????????
????????
Cadê os Brs? Q coisa linda de ser ver!!! kkk dá vontade de chorar, muito amor ???
Stop using that beautifull music pls!
This food is soooo hotttt ??
I love your cannal and all the Nice things you do fore otrers.
Great job feeding poor people ??thanks??
I like his lungi
This looks deliciouss ????
????? ???? ???????? ???? ???? ??? ??????? ? ????????? ???? ???????? ??????? ???? ???????, ??? ? ???? ?? ???? ????????, ??????? ??????????!! ?????????? ??? ?? ??? ????????
grandpa, you are a great person! last time I tried to eat a red chili pepper like you did, I burned my mouth ??
I get so inspired by these recipes and I incorporate some of these flavours in dishes I prepare on my channel . Love it and the initiative ???????
Soy el único q escribo español en estos comentarios. Pero lo q hacen estos sujetos es muy emotivo y los felicito a todos por ser tan buenas personas.
Your video inspired me
I genuinely hope you live to over a 100 years old and continue your amazing work. Your spot in heaven is already reserved ?
In all the world of youtube Grandpa’s videos are the only one that all nations and religions never fight, every one is just enjoying and blessing him, I hope more people be like him and spreading good in this horrible world.
I have read somewhere The person who feeds poor & hungry children goes to heaven . Heaven is booked for grandpa??
Viet nam ??
Rice wash?
I love the way your grandpa speaks he is so humble. Keep making such videos I love watching him making tasty food.??
???? ?????? ??????????
Grandpa why you don't you talk in the comments
ME: i could even spell the food goes downstairs ME: oh wait its just rice with beans :(
???????????
I loved it. The way he cooks and the place.
super appa
Thank you very very much grandpa for making really good videos Loving, sharing, caring , this is my family You guys are the best Keep the awesome videos up Never give up Your videos inspires me to do a lot more things Thanks for the awesome videos Never give up We are with you Nice work Keep it up ????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????
The children are so cute and Pity. They makes me sad. If I have money definitely I will adopt them all......
Your a real inspiration try to keep it up?? grandpa
you are doing a gray job keep it up
Super grandpa
Superb dish Grandpa....m gonna make it too??
Looks yummy Granpa...SUPER :)
????? ?????????????
Grandpa Kitchen should team up with Matt Stonie!
???? ???? ???
Diy ice cream plaese
super.
Wooow amazing yummy
Lets try not to skip adds guys lets help him
Love you Grandpa???
You are the best grandpa. Wish that Allah gives you a long and beautiful life!
What a Great Human Being
?????????
Always the healthiest vegetables. Can I get a plate
You r my grandpa
????????????
Grandpa has no teeth
You all, appreciate grandpa,what about the guy that been helping him?
Grandpa, the work you do is amazing and heartfelt, and I can only hope to be half as giving as you are!! Lots of love ??
Kids are love.........and born to be loved so love them ??????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????
where is the place... please tell me am also join with you
Who are these children?
Amazing! Is our granpa! One tip granpa: you must use WOOD SPOON to mix!!
When will he feed Matu and Patlu
Hello from Brazil
Love these veggie recipes grandpa!!
Not gonna lie ... Id eat that lol
I want taste everthing that grandpa make ????????????????????????
I respect you grandpa love from USA ??????
Os brasileiros estão aqui????????????????????????????????????????????????????
Do they give out the food for free?
From Thailand
Love from Brazil!!!!!! ??????
???? ?????
I love you a lot and I love your cooking you greetings from Saudi Arabia.??
?????? ?? ????????!!!
Amazing
Amo vocês beijos
I love this, may the good Lord reward you Grandpa!!!, I even repeat some of my Grandpa's videos????????!!!
I assume the children are used to such spice. Seems excessive. Just asking. :)
Pouuuuuuce bleeeeeu ??????????
Cuchara :v
You are such an Inspirational and Amazing Human Being Grandpa Much Love ??????????
????? ???? ????? ??? ???? ?????
Fuck all your ads asshole
I am here from Brazil, I really like your channel, everyone who helps to make food has my respect. A hug to all people, and you too, Grandpa. Here in Brazil we love a barbecue or a feijoado, it would be a good suggestion!
Su amina kodumun çocuklarina bide kasik verin
im so happy that a guy from telugu state is getting so many appriciatins from many countries.keep rocking grand pa???
You re so cutee
Super daddy
who tf would dislike this amazing masterpiece
About time to donate a few spoons
One word Generous
You are such an incredible human being, Grandpa, I admire you so much!
Love the chanel , love grandpa!! ??
great job grandpa..
WONDERFUL GRANDPA NICE MEALSDELICIOUS
????????
Wow excellent
aisha
Rest in peace Grandpa. When you will die we will miss you ??
???? ????. ???? ?? ?? ?? ????? ?????. ? ?????.
Looks delicious!
I am from Bali and working in indian resto ,I like Indian foods and i like your good heart granpa ??
?????????!!!
I wish there is a dentist give grandpa teeth, so he can eat well.. ??????
You are amazing guys! Thank you! With love from Russia - Chelyabinsk
I don't know why. I felt happy when I see all the kids was enjoy the eating ??
Lot of love for u grandpa from UAE we all love u
Grandpa ??????????????????
GOOD JOB !!!! WE ALL LOVE U !!!! ????????????
I love u'r recipe,granpa..i erine from malaysia
God bless you grandpa
?????
I noticed in all his videos grandpa is having what looks to be a difficulty in breathing? How is his health?
Lots of love . As usual amazing .
Love it how grandpa always incorporates so much veggie for the children! Awesome grandpa and production team!
Thanks for fantastic meal idea!
One of the reasons i love watching grandpa cooking is the way he cut the vege. It's oddly satisfying
Who keeps disliking these type of videos man? Go fucking kill yourselves who ever it is.
He must be like a living legend wish he was my nieghbor I would like to help him do this but I'm on a fixed income
Your videos are fun to watch and i like grandpa but recipes are so unhealthy, especially for kids.
your heart is beautiful grand pa.
??? ???? ??? ???? ???? ????
Great grandpa
Good job sir
Your an absolute gem Grandpa!!! Your patience and perseverance shines through. I wish you a healthy and happy journey always!!! You are super!!! With love from South Africa - Durban  :)
Grandpa is the new gordon ramsay for india
What a stunt, his son is using him. Telling him what to say and do. You guys really think he knows what he’s saying?
Hey grandpa I am from Japan Can you make Japanese food..
very nice channel! greetings from germany!
No msg
Tasty grandpa Love u
Delicious grandpa ????????nice
In the early videos... U use to talk in telugu language na grandpa....... Just wana know.. In village do u live....... I wana come and meet u... Because I am also from Andhra Pradesh...... Currently I am in dubai..... When I will come to India... I wana definitely meet u....... Plzzz... Rply....
Love your videos Grandpa!!
masterchef grandpa
God bless you grandpa
I love how slowly and peacefully grandpa always cuts his food!
Who would win? A highly trained chef with multiple restaurants and TV shows Vs One Indian grandpa boi
O tempero está na mão dele
This has everything! Kindness, ASMR, food . . . and buckets of love ??
I be waiting on grandpa to post a video that’s the only reason I get on YouTube ??
You is so ??
Yummy yummy.
Looks delicious! Can’t believe he ate that pepper!??
This man is definitely going to heaven ho does so much for those kids. May he have a really long and healthy life??????
Awesome dude. God bless you
From saudi arabia ????????????????????
The world is so cruel and sad seeing these kids like this...grandpa and team your lot are legend and awesome people.
Im from malaysia....nice cook grandpa
I wonder if grandpa gets any money he generates off this channel or do the young adults only benefit
Wow grandpa, great recipe and you work very clean, nothing to add you are an amazing chef! Love from Italy??
ALGUM BRASILEIRO ASSISTINDO ?
Cadê os br
You stopped soaking the rice.... You are not doing things the old way anymore.... My last video I will watch!!!!!!!!!!!! Not the right way per the old fashion way!!!!!!!!!!!!….. To commercialized!!!!!!!
?????? ?????? ?? ?? ?????? ?????
Jst wowww
??? ????? ?????? ????????????
???????...??? 1??????????
Sorry for the unusual question. What caste does your grandfather belong to?
??????
tio granpa!
A heart that reaches out with love,can heal a soul nd change a life..live long nd may god bless u grandpa????
Lots of love and respect for grandpa and team
Luce delicioso y que colores! !! No cabe duda que el señor sabe cocinar muy bien!!! A parte del gran ser humano que es!!! Excelente trabajo. ????
great job wish more people were like you god bless
Looking very delicious.. although I'm not found of rice so much still in wanna try this @ home.. ???????? with my lovely mom?
Beautiful Basmati Rice Grandpa, colored , warm and yummy Namastê big soul !
GrandpAaaaa!!!!! :)))
Delicious ??
We need more people like grandpa and Daddy
Let's get grandpa new knife set
????? ??????? ???? ?????? ??
Ótimo trabalho????????
¿Por qué no les dan cuchara?
He’s an amazing person. I wonder if he gets enough compensation for doing this?
Wonderful granpa wish i could do more than just subsrcibe
I'm Sr, but This is not Chinese fried rice, never seen that in China. The recipe kinda weird and also the ingredients ?? As usual It's just Indian fried rice..... Just my opinion, sr for my honest
May you live a long life. God bless you Grandpa!
Yum!
Hello friends
what wrong with this video? why them give dislike?
I love your kindness and helping nature from heartly?
Respekt grandpa
This is so inspiring! No age for loving food! His love for food is contagious!
Delicious recipe
You guys have such a big heart I slute u guys
Beautiful but sir is only fried rice preferable?there must be curry.
Congratulations you have 2.4 millions subscriber ??????
Wow excellent! Grandpa, you are my inspiration on kitchen!
No whats'up facebook ????
Love you grandpa
Love what you do !
Nice Work love what you so greetings from Germany
Wow each nd every grain is separate grandpa u should have made some chilli chicken with it
I know grandpa I used to visit him
Love u grand pa ????????ur always the best
Bless you grandpa??.. Iknow they earn money from the youtube i hope they improve the cooking tools ??and i hope i can taste the foods too????
I love you grandpa
super
GO GRANDPA LOVE FROM INDIA!! ??????????????????????????????????????????
Is there anything Grandpa cant make? I doubt so........Grandpa you are a legend. God bless you ??
From china
Allah bless you grani ????
Great grandpa I'll surely try this at home
must jhakassss bhai.......
where you live grandpa answer me i will come there and help you
sezwan rice looks great my mouth fills with water
I love grandpa and all your video and you are doing very good job love you ??????? love from Pakistan ????
Great
love you
who disliked this video are the persons who don't have brain ????????
Team VN ????????
?????????? ????????????
God bless you and your family grandpa
Horrible.
Give them a softdrink
Grandpa loves his ketchep
Due to the hate comments of grandpa's unsanitary actions, which they aren't, he wears gloves when chopping the vegetables and stuff, sad.
Super dad love you so much ur my hero ????????????????
Çocuklar için yemek falan hazirliyorsun eyvallah sag ol. Ama çocuklar elleriyle yemek yiyor aq, bir zahmet çatal kasik da al hintdayi
our of them has to come and pickup the food not we com to us??
How come these kids eat this very chili food
Please make Pani Poori(Gol Gappa)
From Brazilian! Go grandpa
Could i share your video? please @Grandpa Kitchen
I love him grandpa
i want to learn to make your rice, its never sticky or mushy!
why there are 146 dislikes doesn't matter the religion humanity first I m Muslim but I appreciate this work great job Grandpa to make yummy dishes for orfhan lots of love from Pakistan
can you please stop with the Grandpa kitchen in the middle of the screen. its not invisible, and its very annoying. put it at the top or the bottom, or in a corner like the yellow icons
You should put some egg ??????
É vovô, uma receita melhor que a outra ??????
Grandpa Satisfy both viewers and beneficiary. thank you
He addressed himself as our grandpa!!! That's so sweet I could die! ??????
Those innocent faces just melts your heart.
Grandpa,please make the orphans a lot of pani puri! My request please reply
??????????????
Yummy grandpa
May he live to see a hundred years
You are god grandpa for children's
God please give him a life of 1000 years
No need for the gloves.. we like it traditional village food
looks yummy,,can anyone tells me details about chanel n these ppl, who are thy n what thy do?plz plz plz i wanna support them
I love you grandpa from philippines always watching your videos
You should use jeera rice instead of basmati here
There’s this video going around about grandpa and his team and how they’re scammers because they use less money for the food and they keep the rest of the money for themselves. Y’all ever seen it? I support grandpa and I just want everyone to be aware of this.
May this guy live a 1000 years.
5 ads in a 10 minute unsubbed
Love you grandpa..????????
It must be spicy as hell, isn't it?
He is literally the definition of generosity. I like what you doing Keep going very awesome grandpa ???? All Respect From Saudi Arabia??
Grandpa that looked delicious
??????
soon your grandpa will die and your already dying channel will die also , so sad to see you use poor children to gain views and earn money through monitisation , enjoy your declining views and less money.
Chinese food is nasty, poor dogs and cats ??
where do you live grandpa??????????????
End part is so satisfying..
???????????????????? HOW MANY PEOPLE LOVE GRANDPA ??
hi... Dear grandpaa and his grandson.... Lots of blesses for you. Take care and great work from Bangladesh.
Yes your everyone’s grandpa :))
U r a great person I wish I could do more though
So much sodium
MAKE DONUT GLAZE PLS
Very nice grandpa
get some spoons and forks plz
Deus der muitos anos de vida e saúde a esse senhor pra que ele possa continuar ajudando muita gente . ??
Diganme por que no les gusta los videos de gandpa kitchen o por que no le dan like el , pobre hase mucha comida y les da a los de mas
Com chiên duong châu ????
Xq x alla no comen tortillas ??
:v teclado no funciona bien
Te quiero mucho :grandpa personals como tu son heroes pocas personals ayudan a dad UN Plato casa dia
The besttttt!!!!
How could anybody thumbs down this video? I mean c’mon! This older gentleman goes out of his way to create delicious and nutritious meals for orphans! And this food is top quality food too! He uses top quality, name brand, and well known ingredients. The food looks delicious and I’d pay money for it even!
Ummm???? so tasty i'm hungry now wkwkk????
Where does he get all his recipes ?
admirable lo que hacen .????
Love you grandpa .
How long does it take to prepare all the veg in a veg intensive meal? 2 hours?
????????! ???????
Superb.??
Absolute amazing ?? god bless you all ??
????
Very chilli???
Poderia, arrumar uma colher de pau grande pra ele trabalhar melhor, e traduzir em português ????amo esses vídeos.bjs
The best???
Y’all saw that first girls face ...it went from??to??
Amo estos vídeos.
Wow, excellent
Muito lindo esse trabalho que Deus abençoe grandemente vcs nova inscrita ????
Grandpa are you sure the children can handle the hot sauce?
that must be spicy as hell!! but looks delicious and it's vegetarian so i would definitely try it :) greetings from Uruguay ?
For some reason, the veggies that Grandpa use always look so fresh and beautiful!
Looks so yummy! Mouthwatering??
make a vid with fried rice and fried chicken
As coisas que esse homem faz deve fica uma delicia
Super grandpa!!!!!!!!!
You are a very caring person god bless. Your heart
Bloopers and behind the scene please... More talk grandpa and the crew
So much chilli bruh
Love, caring, sharing, but still to spicey for me. Sad, sad.
Desde México con mucho respeto
English is really improving at an exponential rate! Amazing grandpa. ;3
Nice Camera
?????
Good food grandpa,loving care
Like
Don’t you hate it when people say like if you agree like if you agree
I love this channel??
Not authentic with too many bottled sauces and rice cooked on the day. Too much rice in.proportion to veg.
Grandpa,you are just precious! The meals you prepare look delicious and you put so much time,effort and love in them.Watching you taking the time to share your blessings and feed the less fortunate gives me faith in humanity. The world needs more people like you! May God continue blessing you! All my love from Sherman,Texas USA
i wish grandpa would sing again
Love your kindness and cooking skills Grandpa! LOVE watching your videos! God Bless..
grandpa is a chef before he retired?
??????????
Good video grandpa loving caring charing
Grandpa with gloves but grandson with no gloves :D
God bless you grandpa!!!
Jazakallah Khair
We should have tours Visiting grandpa . My mom says if you like him and his food so much Why dont you visit India ?
Why add oil to the rice cooking water?
I love grandpa just like he loves chilli
salam kenal opa dari jogjakarta indonesia ?? semangat dalam berkarya untuk sesama ??
Grandpa you can cook anything ??????
Gracias abuelo
??? ???? ????? ???? ?????? ?????? ??? ????
The world only needs people like you
Looks delicious!
I never get hungry when i watch grandpa vids but this one looked soooo good omg.
What beautiful kids!!!!! God bless Grampa!!!
No need for gloves. Hands just mean more love
Delicious food as always... Hello there michael crecch
Can't believe people like you still exist... wish there are many more like you Grandpa .. thank you ?? The world needs you.
Those people who dislike grandpa videos i request them that if you can't hit like button so please do not watch his videos
Alguma Br?
Grandpa you make me hungry...Yum! yum! yum! yum!
Puts in way too many ads now
I send love, so much love, from Brazil!!!! ????
I loved! Thank you dear Grandpa! ??
Likeeeeeeee!!! ???????
This is the most wholesome channel on youtube... i just looked at the comments section and i saw not a single negative comment which is surprising for the internet these days. These videos and this channel makes me happy ? thank you baba ji
yaay! I LOVE YOU GRANDPA
Bravo
Love from all over the world.... This is our grandpa from China
Increíble. Se ve muy apetitoso.
He’s is a great man for doing this
Omg!!hot food for children ??????
Love u all ??
Love from Romania!! ??
Tetis
Fresh food, good cooking skills and beautiful hearts make delicious meal and provide happy to us. Thanks ^^
Grandmaster Grandpa!
does anyone else hate the music?
Next weeks episode fried peacock
You guys need an Instagram! Great content needs to be spread outside of YT too. ????
why do not you use spoons ?
Das sieht mal wieder sehr lecker aus!!
Nothing is better than your Grandparents cooking
SAUCE
Melhor canal do youtube! O que melhor usa seus fins lucrativos ??
those kids are lovely. God bless grandpa and his family
I don't understand how young palates can tolerate such (to me) ferociously spicy food - the usual appreciative smiles seemed noticeably absent this time. That said, I have taken much inspiration from Grandpa to try new food and ask more questions at the local Indian food outlet. Purpose served.
??? ????? ??????
Job
Good
red chilis, green chili sauce, red chili sauce and Szechwan sauce. Don’t you think it’s too much spicy for these kids?
Siapa Dari INDONESIA !!!
piles mubarak
I really appreciate and respect what this grandpa is doing but the only problem is that you put a lot of spicy and chili ingredients into your food which is bad for the children's health that you are feeding.
I like it when he says ‘oil’ as ‘I’ll’
E Ardida tamvêm kkkkk
Ai que comida bunita devi estar muito gostisa kkkkkk
Yuum yummy ??????
Give the Grandfather a Sharp Knife and Glasses. I ASK YOU TO
Amazing
You did it again Grandpa. Looks delicious! You and your crew do a super job.
it uses too much bitter sauce and spices, how is it being renewed.
Can't describe how much I'm loving this grandpa and all the efforts he made for the orphans ?? Love from Belgium ??
Rice KO wosh Nahi Karna padta
I love you so much grandpa ??
Grandpa are you single ready to mingle?
Look good grandpa?
Queria ter a honra de participar desse banquete ou ao menos de ajudar em algo... quanta admiração desse senhor esse anjo enviado por Deus para alimentar crianças carentes ???
I love it??????
Love his videos and appreciate the cause ! Although was he a professional chef ? Cause he makes all the dishes and with ease. Just curious to know the story behind grandpa's kitchen ( curiousity level ??)
Sende yaslandin be Dayi ...
Just once I would love to eat some of his marvelous cooking.
You see how Grandpa eat that chili pepper. Just bit into it.
His English in this video is great. Love it.
Cockadoodledoo??????
Que delícia de comida me deu vontade de comer ????
I love em too. But I know everyone be wondering where he get that big ass pot from
Can children really eat this spicy food, goddamn!
Hello From North Korea
GO GRANDPA!!!!!! Love from Canada
Haii grandpa I'm from Indonesia
Now im hungry
Looks good ..so peace full their ..
That looks delicious
wish I had a Grandpa like Grandpa..
That was easy n quick ??
Very good brother God bless you
Y Por que mi abuelo solo me gritaba y me queria pegar?
Gand Pa ji language Hindi honi chahiye Baki ki samajh nahi aati Baki thank you all food
?????? ????
Quanto amor ??????????????????.... Trabalho lindo parabéns .... A melhor parte e ver as crianças comendo ???????????????? sou do Brasil ?
Grandpa, your very kind.
?????? ?? ??? ? ?????...?? ?? ??????? ????? ?? ?????????? ?????????????
Very nice From Brazil ?????????????
I became fan of grandpa
From brasil
WHEN we GIVE cheerfully AND accept GRATEFULLY, everyone IS Blessed............
Greetings from Russia, grandpa - you are awesome!
Grandpa is truly blessed. Loving, caring, sharing. Hes is everyone's family
If he was my grandpa then this is what it would be like Me: can I have a snack Grampa: sure Me:I said a snack not a whole dinner
Um, I'm sure it tasted fine, but why use basmati rice for Chinese fried rice instead of jasmine rice?
???? ???? ??? ???? ??? ????? ?????
Do not show this boring add
You do a lot with little..great Grandpa.
love you grandpa
Go Grandpa!! ???????
Vegetables cutting and meat cutting is not good take care grandpa
C'EST TRES BON GRANDPA
He continued to feed the orphans I beg you I'm subscribed to your channel Just because you feed the orphans ??????????????????????????????continue
?? ?? ?????????
????????????????????????
Thanks for sharing your love to those around you!
You are a sheikh and an ignoramus Because you help the orphans You are a compassionate man ??????????Thank you
O mundo precisa de mais pessoas assim como o senhor
Im so hungry right now , you are the best ??????????????????????
I really think grandpa's helper is cute ?????? I love watching your videos it feels good to help others keep it up love you grandpa ????????
Fucking scam for money!!
You did a good job????????
Grandpa is AWESOME!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Hola.
Love you grandpa
I had no idea green beans were so popular in India.
Russia plow=chinese rice. Folower from russia??
Plz live for a hundred years grandpa
Love u GRANDPA.. good continuation.. GOD BLESS U ??
Loving, caring, this is my Grandpa!!! ???
Bravo its perfect ????????????????????????????
Szechuan
Great work grandpa...??....may God give wonderful life to those children (I pray and hope)
Amazing grandpa. I love u lot??
2.4 million subscribers congrats grandpa. Keep preparing amazing recipes for the kids .????
I luv grandpa's family..????
Big respect ??
Yall i found his instagram its @ grandpa_kitchen
Lets not forget his assistants that helps Grandpa make things workout. Thank you Grandpa and all his assistants, camera man, logistics etc. Much love.
I loved The way he start the video and introduce the channel .
This video needs more views ??
???????, ?????? ?????. ????? ???! ??????????! ?????? ??? ?? ?????? ? ???????)
????? ??
I love Grandpa ??????????
??????????
I love it God bless you
How hot are those chili peppers?
Grandpa used to be a chief in the restaurant
No meat ?
great????
i?? grandpa kitchen ?? very much he is very kind generous humble person god bless grandpa and lovely childrens ??
Really appreciate it very much.... I wish I could also join here...
How’s ur summer grandpa!??????????
Buenos Dias ??"Abuelito" ?? Good Morning Grandpa
que lindo o trabalho de voces ???????????
The schezwan sauce that was from '87 mulan disney show premiere and rick is really lookin for this delicious sauce.
?????? ??? ??? ??? ????
Im hungry now feed me!!
this is not a real sechun fried rice
Pequenos gestos que mudam a vida de muita gente, inclusive de quem assiste. Parabéns pelo que faz pelo próximo. ??
Amazing all respes grandpa????????
Faz Feijoada - Recipe Brazilian
You always know how to touch my heart Grandpa by your great skills at cooking and those children i love you and them so much ????
Bless you grandpa ??
we want a Q&A
We’re gonna get that sauce, Morty
This is so ugly and bad desgusting
Wow excellent ??????
salute to ur work
Nice
Childrens are very cute??
?saludos desde mexico ????????????????????????????????????
Hey guys! Grandpa should make veggie burger next! Who agrees me! Please like so that Grandpa will make it!????
???? ?????? ???? ??? ???? ????? ?????? ???? ?????
????? ?????? ???????? ????? ??? ????? ?? ??? ?????? ?????????????????
Rico Grandpa.
Sempre que vejo os vídeos dele me renova a esperança na humanidade.
Cara os videos desse veio mi emociona???
Nice????where are the ingredients of recipe
Great job grandpa
That's my kind of grandpa
amazing video
Sou a única brasileira que ama esse vovó ??? BRASIL ALGUÉM ?
how i donate grandpaa
Felicidades "ABUELO" una gran labor !!!!
Grandpa I love what you're doing, but do these kids like sick spicey foods? My nephew can't stand paprika? He's also American lol. Still love.
Go Grandpa!!!!! Love from INDONESIA
So much chilli ??
How can i donate
Love you grandpa and your kindness????????
<3 Love Grandpa~
Super
Vrey nice grandpa
GOD BLESS YOU IMMENSELY
I want to help grandpa to chop the vegetables??????
if i had a grandpa, i’d want him to be like this dude.
Like like??
I want to eat this????????????????
How many people love GRANDPA ME AND YOU??
Nice mujhe grandpa ka video ka wait rhta h
Love you Grandpa?
Watching this at 1 in the morning God so hungry
????????????
cooking some lovely Baby back ribs right now ????
Cabbage cutting sound...dope
???? ??? ???? ????? ????? ???? ?????? ??? ???? ??????? ????
Loving Caring Sharing This is my family ?????????? Love from Pakistan
???? ???????
How Old you are Grand Pa?
Grandpa I like Your Living Place Please Tell Me your place
Grandpa's been watching too much Rick and Morty
I LOVE YOU ????????
M-MORRY SZECHUAN SAUCE MORTY I NEED
It's Szechuan
Amazing recipe grandpa mouth watering ????????
Grandpha ???????????? Brasil!!!
Nice
Grandpha ???????????? Brasil!!!
Those kids eat a lot healthier than Americans; lots of vegetables and a lot of healthy spices. We don't see any overweight kids here!! Thank you Grandpa!! for cooking yummy and healthy food for those beautiful children; God Bless You!! ???
Great think by grand pa
why these many supports to this grandpa ? im new to this channel!
Only Grandpa can do this ...??
Great grandpa
You guys are doing great job... God bless you
I want my Schezwan sauce!!!! REEE
I don't know what this taste like, but it looks so good .. I wish I had a bowl full right now ????
acha rice bane hai pa bht acha amzingggggggg??super ila
Yummy Rice,Thanks you Grandpa for all Efforts to please these children's,and like to see peacock walking around your cooking place???????
grnd pa rice ko wash nhi kiya kya apne..
Whery good ???????????
Amazing love you guys??
????
Why kids kinda not have tool for food
Grandpa for president of the world!
A man in a million with Gentle hands. All made with LOVE . Gentlemen are very far and few between . True Gentleman
Abraço Brasil rio de janeiro...
Love you grandpa ..god bless you ?
???????? ????? ???? ??? ??? ?????
grandpa needs a bigger knife
wowwww
I adore this man and his family! Bless all of them with a long, happy life!!
Wow those kids can handle spice...
Man you guys are amazing, keep it up!
My grandpa ??
Love this food wow
Grandpa is great ????????
Yummy??
they should do a q&a!!
Loving - Caring - Sharing This is my family aaa hahahahahahah
??
Plz share the recipe of chicken tandoori
How Many Love Grandpa Kitchen??
I love how he keep it simple as well as healthy at the same time.........No use of MSG(Ajinomoto) that's what I'm talking about????????
Soya sauce right grandpa
grandpa plz make fried rice once
fried rice,more like Spanish rice,yuck,no thanks
Gimme that Schezwan!!!
Wow excilant Grandpa supper
Is there no such things as spoons or forks ?
Looks yummy
love you grandfa
Bay Grandpa.
Que rico cocinas me gustaria probar tus comidas ya me dio apetito .saludos ..granpa.
????????????????????????????
Granpa
Yummy ???????????? keep it up Grandpa
Keep it up grandpa love your goodness ??
GRANDPA IS AMAZING ??????????????????
Love u grandpa ??
Wow! mere mooh me to pani AA gya
i love ya grandpa!!! :)
Try adding Chicken to it next time :D
I am sure gonna cook this yayyyy ????
go
buy big chef knife for grAndpa ...it will b more comfortable for him
This looks bomb
espetacular parabéns para o senhor!!!
I'm so curious about that bashmati rice.
????? ?? ????? ?? grandpa ?? video ??? ??
???? ????
You're one of the best! Grandpa. ??????
Big Greeting from Iraq to Grandpa..GOD plessing you..your movies motivate us to do the best for our friends and community...you are right when you say " caring. loving. sharing ...this is my family" we see that through your vedios with orphants and poor people...thank you very much
And no meat in the food Damn it
??? ?? ???? ??????? ?????? ??? ????? ? ??? ?????? ?? ??? ????? ??????? ????
Que o senhor nosso DEUS te abençoe,e que vc tenha muitos anos de vida,que o senhor nosso DEUS abençoe voce e essas crianças ????
Idk what he said
That rice looks yummy!! ??
We love your cooking from France ..blessing you for helping the children..
???? ???? ????????????????????????????
????????
Se me antojo
??? ??? ?? ?? ??? ???
???? ????? ???? ???? ????
I love ur accent in english ??????
Spoons?
grandpa! ??????
Wishing best of luck to this channel! <3 Total inspiration!
I love indian food thank u granpa????
Grandpa always rocks ??????
I want to eat grandpa
Im gonna cry watching
Super Anna
why indians are ao ugly
??? ??????, ?? ????? ?????????
Grandpa u should make lasagna for the kids ;)
you are the best Grandpa
Grandpa o Brasil ama você.
Want to see Grandpa in moden clothes anyone else?
Too many ads.....please
It’s Szechuan not Schezwan
looks so yummy??
I don't know why I feel so good so peace inside watching your videos grandpa.. lots of love ??????
??????????????????
Mast video
Wish you always healthy
My mouth is watering. ......??
u guys didnt washed the rice directly added it its not good firstly cleaning of all ingredients is necessary
pirincin cinsi iyimis
Hi????
Grandpa’s chopping skills are enviable. Everything is so beautifully chopped! By the way, I want a plate of that , please.??
Delicious mouth watering fried rice....gbu grandpa....
The most rice and meat consuming country in Asia..In Europe and America they consume pizza pastries and vegetables Which causes disease and obesity
waww excellent... :* :*
MashaAllah fresh vegetables
Grandpa need to bought some new knife , the one he use too small and dull
Hello from Indonesia ????
Grandpa ur truly amazing Loving Caring Sharing I do all this ??????
?????? ??????????????? ????? ???????? ?? ??????? ?????? ??? ???? ?????? ???? ??? ?????? ???? ??? ???? ???? ????
Nice
Tasty and healthy and delicious schezwan fried rice lots of love from Mumbai my grandpa's kitchen
Continue
Allah bless you????
You are great, Grandpa. May God always gives you a good health, so you can share your recipes and kindness to everyone. Love you from Indonesia. ??????
Eres genial abuelo <3
Grandpa , officially you are a legend on YouTube.
Goku!
Ur 'Indo' Word In The Opening Tho.. 'Actually I Am So OverProud ????'
Super yummy...???????? great job Grandpa......
Wow Exellent?
??????
Que bueno es grandpa????????????????????????????????
??????
?? ?? ???? ???? ??????? ???? ?????? ??? ????? ?? ?????
thanks granpa im always watching your channel...
lol, im from Schezwan.
??? ????? ???? ???? ??? ???? ??? ???? ??? ?????
Grandpa deserve the nobel price
Love you grandpa????????
??? ?????
Thank you grandpa ???
Children are innocent. Thanks grandpa to give them food
I am grandpa’s #1 fan!!!!
Salute ??????grandpa for his hard work
???? ??????? ???????????????????????????
Always nice # Grandpa
I Salute U Grandpa
Nice
Am i only saw he house
MAY GOD BLESS GRANDPA
We love you here in Tennessee Grandpa. Such a blessing
I hope my Subscribe will help you Grandpa! Always waiting your next upload! Lots of love from the Phillipines!
Hi grandpa I keep watching all ur recipes very nice. But 1 request from my side is tat try giving the children healthy food instead of all this foreign foods to them. India has traditional healthy foods. plz try making it for the children. ur doing great.
Lots of love from Hyderabad.... ?? once I get a job...I want to meet grandpa.....it is dream of my life....probably next year... Love u grandpa... U r great... ??
??????
Salute u our grandpa.
Happy Friday grandpa ,for you and all the children and your family .. nice recipe,like always ..god bless you and your nice heart
Why make everything spicy Smh cant u people just eat normal you’re fucking up those children stomachs No need to put 10kg of chili’s and chili sauce in there ffs
I love grandpa ??
Beautiful
Too much contrast
I'm from VietNam, and You??
Thats very hot! I hope the kids will like it... they will need a lot of water to chill they mouth down after all that chilli
Uwaqlari sevindirirsiz üreyiniz böyükdü?
great work Gandpa
From Indonesia ???
Amazing recipe paa
Magnífica labor. Sigue así ??
????? ???? ???? ??? ??? ??? ???????
Legend. He knows how to cook everything lol
Grandpa saved the day again ??????
I love your English Grandpa. ????
Es fantástico como la cocina del abuelo puede relajarme. Gracias por su acto de amor y siga adelante con su familia. PD: esos que le dan dislike coman ají ??
??????
Nyc work grandpa
Nice. ????????????????????????
?? ???? ???? ??? ????????
Koi grandpaa ki location batao Kuch din grandpa ke hatho ka non veg yummy......
Been looking for good Asian recipes for rice! As always keep up the good work.
Brasil? ????
i love grandpa????????????
greeting from Iraq ????India ?? ????? ???? ??
?? ??? ???? ????? ??????
I feel good when I see the people are Happy
My grandpa and sons ??????
GREETING FROM INDONESIAN
mmm????????
god bless all of you who are feeding the kids ??????????
love grandpha and love chanel
love grapha love chanel ????
greeting from Iraq ????India ?? ????? ???? ???
??????????
Dik lhaar kamal yakloh dik drarri ahyanariiiii tkayass a grandpa
????? ???? ?????? , ???? ??? ??????? ??? ??? (^_^)
Where is Michael Creech-Grandpa's #1 fan?????????
Yo are great Grandpa!!
Always yummy grandpaa..
Grandpa you are my heart !
U r soo nice Grandpa ??????
Love from indonesia
Soy EPA
Brazil?
ALGUÉM BR? ??
Grandpa I m big fan for you from Pakistan ??????????????????????????
u r great grandpa
Keep grow
?? hum bhi bhout Bhukhe hain..... Hum ko bhi khila do kuch??
Grandpa I love your all videod very much??????????????????
???????
loving..caring..sharing..this is my family
Grandpas a cutie
?? ?? ??? ???
What a beautiful peacock ??????
Yummy Grandpa
This grandpa gives me hope that there is still good in this world.
????????????????????????
granda pa LIVE ON FOREVER!!!!!!!!
Love you grandpa
GOD BLESS YOU IMMENSELY...
Great job ????????????
Yeahhhhhh...! I am very happy when i hear you said: i am your Grandpa....?????????? ????????????????Lallalllalalllalllla
Good bless you !
??????
Amazing
wow. yummy. super.
Does it really matter if they use gloves if they're outside and there are flies around though?
LOVING-CARING-SHARING THIS IS MY FAMILY!????????????????????????
??????????????
Q vovô mais abençoado por Deus?Brasil alguém
Jisne dislike kiya hain share madarchod hain
????
I'm from ARGENTINA ...AMAZING GRANDPA?????????
So delicious yummy!
Muy buena capirotada
Olá Grandpa!
Very professional looking rice grampa! ????
Very spicy ??
Chef grandpa
How many people love and appreciate GRANDPA?
Grandpa Rice super
You guys are an Angel for these kids.... May Lord bless u always grandpa
???????
song name at the start? :c
God bless you grandpa! ??????????????????
So so delicious!!!
May Allah bless you you are an extraordinary person
????good luck always
Somebody buy him a good knife please
That looks so good!!!!!!!!! I can almost smell it!!!!
Grandpa ??????
??????
WE LOVE YOU GRANDPA!! Love from Philippines!!
You the best loving caring sharing Best grandpa
Different ques today Which one do you support in finals of 2018 of football? Croatia France
Hi grandpa ur the best
Hi Grandpa you have the biggest heart??
Loving, caring, sharing...this is my family
which oil do u use for fried rice.. ?
grandpa fans hit like
Go grandpaaaa Support for you from indonesia
Nice
super grandpa your cooking skills are awesome
Make raj kachori boondi ladoo dahi wada dhokla mawa gujiya bhel aloo chat dahi puri papdi chat dahi vada rice kheer sambhar vada
Make raj kachori boondi ladoo dahi wada dhokla mawa gujiya bhel aloo chat dahi puri papdi chat dahi vada rice kheer sambhar vada
Love you
Grandpa ??????????????????????????????????????????????????????????
??? ????? ???? Im arbic from Iraq ILove ?India
Such a sweet and caring man ??
Good wrok ????????????
Nice
Mouthwatering. Keep up the good work :)
I congratulate you for that great job. Greetings from Colombia
Yene cox dadli gorunur??????
Grandpa is so nice
Dude i feel the hot chill in my eyes
Plzz make pani puri golgapap
Any American?
Thank god no chicken today thankx ??
Vovô, nós aqui do BR ???? , admiramos tudo o que faz, por que é feito com o ?? , parabéns vovô. Por um mundo melhor!
grandpa is just amazing
Who's from.America?
Thank you grandpa... idk how much humanity owes you..!!!
grangpa always crushing it. xoxo;
Whats'up grandpa????
Sei grande!!
Bunu yiyen alev siçar
Whats'up grandpa????
Which Beautiful Country you watching this amazing video from !?
Who many people love Grandpa
This must taste yummy ??
FICA COM DEUS EM NOME DE JESUS CRISTO SOU BRASILEIRO
Vi?t nam có ? dây ko :))
Alguém do Brasil?
I??you..Grandpa ????????????????????????????????
So fresh and tasty
????? ????? ??? ???? ????
Grandpa, soon your grandsons will have to create an app for your recipes. Looks Delicious as always. Blessings and Prosperity to you all.????
Who the hell ... Disliked grandpa... Just go to hell .... Love u grandpa
Grandpa fans hits like...!!! Love from canada??????
Schezwan Rice.. OMG! I M CUMMING.... ??
i like it when you cut the ingredients there is a peaceful view...
Good
He did it only for yt
Super Grandpa ?????????? ??
Love Your Videossssss!!!!!!, Grandpa@??????????
Grandpa I meet you just tell me address
I love this guy, BUT: Hes getting millions of views on every single video and sometimes one of his videos have multiple ads... so where is this money going? Into carrots? Cause its hundreds of thousands of dollars.
Guys please don’t show hate to him
Loving caring and sharing thank you Grandpa thanks for making veg ,as I request to you hit the like if you are Grandpa chilldern
I am watching grandpa cooking sitting beside my grandpa.
nice video bosdina
The Great Grandpa....
Give a like for grandpa ????????????
Wow!!??????
Oh my grand father love from north pole
Always love you grandpa?
Hello grandpa ,keep up the good works.
nicebro
Grandpa for world president ! May God bless you...?
Hi Grandpa. I'm from Brazil ??
nice one GRANDPA RICK, Szechuan Sauce is the BEST!
GO GRANDPA!!!!!! Love from Australia
??
I love all these videos I wish I could visit there and just feast
???? ????????????
Blessings to you and your family Grandpa ?? ???? ???? ???? ???? ???? ???? ???? ???? ??????????????????
GooD
Pin This
God Bless your heart
You are so kind
Q buen gesto del abuelo por la comunidad en especial los niños q son el futuro
????? ??
To sempre com fome nesses videos
Hello
Good ?? ??.. Liked very much
you guys are really too good....keep it up ????????
Nice
Good luck
????? ??
1st like
First
Grandpa cooking japonese food! Good video
Love you grandpa you are amazing
Support President Trump
Grandpa ??????????
Brasil alguém ???
334
Very yummy!
Very nice video grandpa.keep it up.
First 10
iam 1st comment
Nice
Amazing as always grandpa!!!!!
Booo????????????????????????????????????
Hi
3rd
Love you guys you are dkinga great job
????????
nice
??? ????
Are wah????
Firstt
First ! Love you Grandpa !
U r not Grandpa, u r YOUNGPA !? Our inspiration ??
First comment
1ST Y'ALL
Love u grandpa ??
Hi
Hi Grandpa
So good
Harley is a damn national treasure!!
Big doinks KIDDDD
Maybe the pain was so overwhelming that someone was rushed to a hospital so maybe they didn't think of money and recording their shame
You should have topped the burger with Carolina reaper cheddar.
You guys are nuts
Sorce
That slap ya moma the best seasoning out I swear I could put that in anything
Bro that bleach quote !!! Doppeee
But. Does ramsay approve??
Anyone else notice they used American instead of PEPPER jack cheese
Next time, we eat napalm and a match made out of bacon!
I can handle so much spice with my mouth but my butt hole, oh hell no
"I came from the dark realm to hadle the spice" little further we seen all of them fucked up. Nice training! Id get back to the one who trained you
That bird at the till didnt give 2 shits about what you was doing lmao
Make it as hot as you want and I’m fine... but please stop using extract... it has no taste, no flavor (other than just metallic tasting), and adds nothing but heat. Rather than doing that, why not just add more jalapeño, more Habanero Peppers, more Ghost Chili, more Carolina Reaper, more Pepper X, and more of any kind to increase the heat AND keep the flavor. You can make it unbearably spicy while actually tasting good and not metallic-like, it is possible. And if you’re lazy, just go to a specialty shop with hot sauce and get some pre-made purées, sauces, marinades, etc. Just make sure the ingredients list things like “Carolina reapers” and NOT “extract of some chemical” Why would anyone want to take the flavor out of the heat source? The idea is for it to be spicy enough that you might not want to take another bite, but tastes so great that you can’t help but go in for more even though your tongue is burning ????
There toilet is gonna be on fire
guy in camo i so want your pink sperm lol god i love him he's my spirit animal
Despite the heat the burger looks so delicious
Drooooooooooooooooooooool!!! ????
You show the head captain’s bankai,because of that i subscribe to you
3:48 don't scare us like that
Wait he watches/watched Bleach?
Lmfao instead of putting sesame seeds like a BITCH I'm dead
Was your culinary qwetht worth it 7 million thscoville
My memes are more spicy
Smokin big doinks out here
They've switched to a new unit of measurement.
I like how we made a Zelda reference that's funny because that game is such a piece of f**** s*** that it's funny
are you from greec?
Carolina reaper + Dragon's breath
that bleach reference tho, subed right away.
Bleach reference? Spicy food? Subbed.
Muscles glasses
I subscribed because of the bleach reference ??
Brahhhhh, this looks soo good i fucking love spice and this makes my mouth hole water ??
Yama is 15mil
Should have used hot pepper/ ghost pepper cheese
That’s the principal out of video game high school
Boy ive been training for this SH(quack) my whole life! That had me dying!
The spiciest ekstrack is 13 m schovil
This channel is dead
Lmfao that Bleach reference
plain greek yoghurt is best for the burn and safe to shove into any and all orifices if needed lol
U guyZ R an Sum Feggits
Stay with the duck-quack guys! Works better than the real thing! :O)
Just fuckin eat it and shut up
Hes gonna regret being born cause of this xD
You wear the gloves yet you shove it in your furry hole face
Watching someone eat spicy food is kinda pointless without an aftermath video.
Ain't no Big Mac if it ain't from McD... Jus' sayin'.
bleach... goddamn normies. make a burger hotter then Seikon no qwaser. ( ?° ?? ?°)
It’ll take your fuckin life!
That shit looks dryer than Oprah Whinfrey.
toilets were hurt in the making of this video
DUDE!!! YOU GUYS COULD DIE!!!!
?????????? You absolutely nailed that Legend of Zelda reference!! The Hero of Time doesn't have enough Heart(s) to slay one of these Big Macs! ??
Should've used this cheese with it: http://www.vepocheese.com/en/products/cheese/cheese-with-sambal/11
B*tch boys ... wtf? How was it ?.... I jus saw that dude talking shit and running to the ice cream ... b*tch move dude ... show us when you guys cry ...
OMG Bleach reference foryou normies!!! wowowowowowow thats awesome well done
Iets 300000 scoville because iets mixed without tuingereedschap
Awsome video guys
But didnt use spicy cheese
Welp,Good luck for the toilet
Kiss me on the lips. Alrighty
Good effort ???? but the nuff would have finished that burger and had a 5min after burn with no relief ????
Make the cheese spicy.
That bleach reference hit my harder then chris brown hit rhianna I was so shook
Oh the dragon shits that come after burns just as badly coming out haha
Spicy cheese?
Big OL DOINKS
When I want a hot burger I just mix my ghost pepper powder and my scorpion pepper powder into the meat. It looks normal but is anything but normal. I have had friends raid my fridge not knowing what I had done. They instantly regretted not asking permission. Lol.
Spiceaayyy
Yessssssss!!! When you make the spicy stuff, I'll give it a try. Scotch Bonnet is usually as hot as I go but I'm in for anything. Spicy Mac N Cheese on a Quarter Pounder followed by airsoft is my diet.
2 month late happy birthday Harley
Why do you guys not use pepper jack cheese instead of that crappy craft which isn't spicy at all
What about the cheese does that have pepper in it
Love all the anime and video game references Harley makes. That's why I stay, not for the food but for the people.
I love it how he took a bit out of the pepper and the other guy like nope put it back lol
Yamamoto would eat that without sweat. But still feel sorry for you guys in the next John meeting. ??
how on earth do so many people subscribe to this chanel?
The fact that you watch Bleach is awesome
Thats' the first time I've seen them make regular sized meals.
“Fuck your self, eh? I’m soary.” We love Canadians.
I understand the point of this, but really couldn’t you have just done up the patty itself and still had the same effect on your mouth without making every inch of the thing insanely spicy?
wtf is this weak ass crew he is with now??
Cheese was normal. You could have used pepperjack. lol hats off to you for still being alive after that.
lololol
Cheese wasn’t spicy tho
man up dont cry like a bitchez
love that reference from bleach though it's genryusai shigekuni yamamoto.
That guy has lost quite a bit of weight and his English is sharper. Very nice.
7m scoville ain't shit! A ghost carries 850,000 scoville points over 1 mill ( Shu ) MAKE SOMETHING ACTUALLY HOT YOU PUSSY'S!
its Satans vomit kid you not bro
where the hell is Sean Evans in this production? lol
Another hot sauce video great, now we have 2000&1 to choose from and the climax a burning mouth
Really sucks this channel is pretty much dead??
Hey this is my first time seeing ur video wht is y'all thinking that is a lots of spicy good luck y'all insides r going to be on ??. Mo power to u.
Proud of my boi harley pulling that bleach refrence
Should a used habenaro jack cheese
Kiss me on the lips... alrighty lmao!!
I really wish I knew what that piano instrumental was at 1:50
Should've gotten pepper jack cheese
these burgers do not look good
Going to drop a like for that bleach reference.
The cheese wasn't spicy... guess you're gonna have to redo it.
What an analogy. Zelda - A Link to the Past. I just fell in love.
2:36 You guys uploaded this the day after my birthday!
Hope to see you hot gamer coz i wanna extract native smalliest chilli's in the world whos the wanna eat eat them first 90 native wanted to serve and we eat both
Lmao wash your mouth with dish washing detergent
God damn Harley you are the s**my ninja brought up leader of the 13 Court guards happy birthday bro you're the s**
A yo shout out to Dat project Prometheus!!!??....F%@$ dat nigga Krammer
Did he squirt dishwashing soap into his mouth?
Need the old crew back
Looks chunky dude...could have added balonyvin there
What happened to the bearded idiot?
Eating too much GAY BACON! MAKING YOU GIRLS KISS NOW!! Go back to manly food bros!
was the cheese spicy?
Epic Waste of my time.
No pepper jack cheese, I’m disappointed
Wow that is going to be one hot ** after that
What happened to the women, the pizzazz, the excitement?
RIP OLD YAMA
No peperjack cheese
Bearded twats
Harley caught me off guard with the Bleach reference
Aizen & Ywach disliked
Fake
This channel is dead face it.
Holy shit a Bleach reference. Sick!
Why ain't y'all use Pepper Jack Cheese instead of wEAk cheddAR???
To mix the death liquid better, make the mayo from scratch. Put eggs in a blender [you have to make it proportional, so it depends on how much you want]. Put a tiny drop of liquid death in there, per egg. Then close, open that little hole most blenders have at the top, and run the blender while /slowly/ adding oil. I recommend a flavorless oil. Add salt and pepper when it's done. If you're not sure, check out Gordon Ramsay's video on mayo. It's about as perfect as it gets. Best part of doing it this way is that the result should be more stable. Also, for big mac sauce, you shouldn't just make spicy mayo. Mix 3 parts mayo to 2 parts ketchup [make one of these a spicy variant for your goal], and also add onions, relish, white vinegar. Blend all that. That's the closest I imagine you'll get. Mac sauce is basically adulterated fry sauce. To replace the lettuce, maybe consider spicy kimchi. You can make that yourself, replacing the pepper ingredient with something like a ghost pepper flake. I bet you can get spicy pickles, too.
Knock off harley. Lame as shit
I liked this for the Bleach reference alone ??
More pepper doesn't make ensure more heat..the body goes in shock...cannot register. It's no good...it is just pain
Y you no use pepperjack? Amateur hour over here
Left a like just for the bleach reference ??????????
These hot sauce vids are really great
A drippin that devil saaaauuuuuceee
These dudes suck. I miss the old epic meal time
Yo.... He just used like..Almost a "1/4" of that Source extract...
You didn't even show the real result, real spice doesn't kick in until about 5 - 10 minutes after.
7:00 video actually happens ;)
Looks uglier with less hair
Where's muscles glasses ?
Dude.. 6:12.. How can you NOT put Monterey Jack Cheese with Ghost Peppers and Habaneros?
Yall trippin
how much food did you make and how much food did you eat? you guys suck, nothing personal. all you do is clickbait, clickbait clickbait. waste food waste food and puss out every show? Finish a challenge, any challenge. Stop being clickbait big mouth no show.
How's your asshole buddy
... The cheese wasn't spicy ...
why no spicy cheese?
Love your Prometheus shirt! Entertaining video also!
That bleach reference made me nostalgic :')
Gay alert
That is not 7.1m scoville 0.0, look at the concentration of the sauce vs the patty, it might be 5 m maybe..., but definitely not 7.1m. OR maybe you can actually do 7.1m scoville ;D by just tasting the sauce.
unbearable and fake ass bitches lmao
Bleach Reference is amazing
a Burger to vaporize even Ryujin Jakka itself
you guys are insane
Sean Evans doesn't listen, but maybe you will. Do. not. throw. up. after eating spicy food...unless you like the feeling of being pepper-sprayed from behind your eyes, and there's no mitigation for that. You guys appear to believe that tired old myth about your butts burning after eating spicy food then defecating. If that was reality, it means that your entire gastrointestinal system has failed. The heat in your stomach is perception, not reality, as your stomach actually has no sensory receptors. Apparently something sweet will mitigate the heat.(Ha. See what I did there. Still, it's true.) Finally, the perceived heat does not compound. No matter how much of the 7.1 million Scoville sauce you add, it stays at 7.1 million.
Cooking on a propane grill....? Fail.
Who else could smell the spice through the screen?
Only liked the vid for the bleach reference Wish they showed a lot more! Bring back the old crew
BANKAI!!!
I'm VERY disappointed you used pussy cheese instead of pepperjack
Man I miss the bacon N beer battered entree’s EMT !!!
Uh does dexter Morgan your double
HAVE THE LA BEAST ON YOUR SHOW AND GIVE HIM SPICEY SHIT!!
Bitch is sexist, you should use the gender neutral term Th-itch :P
You guys really need to extend these episodes. Especially your pot brownie one. The BEST part is watching you all after the fact.
Hahaha bleach
Anyone need me
Haven’t watched this but liking anyways this looks good
you know you're canadian when mans goes to sobeys (you know when youre from toronto when you say mans)
wtf that video ended abruptly. EMT isn't the same these days
this is bankai big mac
HOW ARE YOU NOT GOING TO USE PEPPER JACK CHEESE
Brilliant idea to replace the sesame seeds with jally seeds!
That bankai reference you sir are a legend
Had to like once you mentioned Captian Yamamoto
The cheese wasn't spicy.
Was it testrd by the science people to be proven 7m?
Ahhh... the bleach reference
You guys rock!
why aren't the aftermath reactions longer?
That shit was spicy as fuck ??????
They should've used pepper jack cheese... lol
And then they croaked, end of story
You used regular cheese instead of pepper jack? What happened to replacing every ingredient to make it spicy?
Maybe your quest shouldn't involve cashing in on the spicy food trend. How fucked is it that Harley appears on Hot Ones and now you guys are making spicy food videos with clickbait scoville titles. You guys know the scoville scale is bullshit right? Your channel has completely disintegrated, what a shame.
The cheese wasn't spicy
PepperjackMAC
Damn hotter than a bankai that burns his enemies and can bring them back to life as zombies? Damn that’s hot
"Someone's going to the hospital today." Likes video.
"It's hot eh" "I'm sorry man" True Canadian speech right there.
Why is this 99% build up?? PEOPLE WANNA SEE THE HURT
Boo ducks go sharks
y'all forgot the pepper Jack cheese??
RIP
So this is why i stopped watching this channel...
Bleach and Yu Gi Oh reference they already in 2020
the yamamoto captain of the 13 gote got me undescribable... and the shadow realm?
disappointing overhyped misleading waste of time.
Looks good
How is this Epic Meal Time? The video quality is shit and they went straight extract. "Look at me! I'm going to make something spicy by adding pure spicy to a crappy recipe" What happened? Where did the love go?
Must be in Canada, u can tell that cause there ain't no WHITE People.. ultimate fail Canada...
Yea for sure show the aftermath!!! Wtf no one wants to see a 9 min clip of making a fucking burger
agree with @ LoL Coffeemelt , I watch alot of pepperhead videos and really the most important parts of the actual eating the heat, describing the taste, experiencing the heat, possibly giving into the milk or champing it out with some sharp rapid breathing, theres none of that here in this video. So essentially people are just skipping every 30 seconds just to get to 15 seconds of actual entertainment only to be cut off from the substance of all your hard work gentlemen.
whats to say they didnt make a burger without all that spice and just ate that one on camera i highly doubt they ate the actual burger they made in the video
he should replace the cheddar cheese with spicy montary jack
Did you just Yamamoto?!
You lost me at the weeaboo stuff
You’re ass’s ain’t ever forgiving you guys
pepper jack cheese cmon
Where's muscles?
Yo these jokes are shit.
Next time buy milk lolly's first lol and make the buns thinner so can eat faster????????
Pffff ha ha watched bleach all eps. 2 times,. So Freaking Awesome,. Just like Epic????
He hears better now lol
R.I.P Butthole
What a bunch of losers!!!
Harley is a fucken beast DID YOU SEE THE EPIC BITES COMPARED TO EVERYONE ELSE ??
It's not that hot
The whole purpose of a video about eating spicy foods is to show the aftermath ??
Don't fuck with the source. Procedes to fuck with the source.
Epic!
Really surprised this has 7mil subs most of which must have come from the original crew. This sucks balls.
Its not a big mac unless you get it from fucking mcdonalds.WTF
Bleach reference ftw
Did you really kiss? Grizzly much?
Make 7 mil Scoville lube
sick bleach reference
next try caroline ripper
I mean hell, I'd eat it... Sounds pretty good actually.
I want to kill myself LOL
He forgot the pepper jack cheese
You do cut up stuff micky d’s just a few things
OR A-HOLES!!!1
BEARDS HAVE MORE E-COLI FROM EATING YOUR PUSSIES!
BEARDS DON'T MAKE YOU TUFF YOU PUSSIES!
SO GAY!
Dead channel
I want to eat it so bad
Give the rest of the food to the poor pls
Didn't even have spicy cheese, smh gtfo epic meal, fake spicers
Can't believe this shitty diaper still exist
The Sauce Boss can spit Bleach, but can he drink it?
im sad you didnt use spicy cheese. pepper jack at least
I didn't get any references because my laptop is broken has no sound and I haven't seen bleach yet
I’m trying to watch this lame fucking video but I can’t lmao
Lol thought these guys were a thing of the past
bites pepper is it hot enough? No put it back. ??????
Those buns look awful
Korea difficult
"let's take one of the best burgers ever and ruin it!" Good job guys!
Why do you guys end the videos 30 seconds after you eat the spicy food???? We're here for the aftermath, not to watch you guys chop up peppers!!!!!!
SG YAMAMOTO FOREVER!!!!!! RYUJINJAKA
Harley is on a Coke ????
I want this burger
Wait till you get use to the heat and really enjoy the taste
Everyone mentioning bleach reference, what about young king dave smoking some big doinks in amish heaven?
That actually looked good
lol it doesn't get hotter than 7.1 mil
Horrible Lisps
Pink sparm thats not normal
big doinks all day out in amish
Dont play with peppers then pick your nose
No chilli cheese? Let down
These guys are fuggin corny
Could have done some ghost pepper cheese or something
I’m disappointed they didn’t use pepper jack cheese
RIP Yamamoto :(
Hahaha pink sperm! You guys are awesome! ,????????????????????
Just over reacting
Nice job , now you know the feeling of a volcano when shot out of under the earth ??
Does making everything hot give you more views? Do some neeewwww stuffff already
Cameraman is getting all old and shaky or is it someone's girlfriend or mom
That bleach reference only the real recognize
Welcome to the Shadow Realm.
I love how this channel has stuck to its roots after all these years, but has upgraded its culinary game to people who can appreciate how to cook. Not suggesting you actually make these items, but is is great seeing as in relative to their early videos, these are close in proximity to actual proportions. It gives creative cooks a fun way to try cooking, but at a more normal level. People who love to cook, I'm sure you know what I'm trying to say here. Love your never more "sophisticated" menus lol. ?? BUT,we needed way more after shots in this video after all that buildup. Other that, great video.
.........The Cheese Wasn't Spicy
Videos that end too soon ?
That other dude with a bear Is a wannabe Harvey
This channel is still going?!
Pussy where is the pepper jack cheese
Looks like over cooked shit to me. Fuck me ... You can't even cook a burger?
Dyed beards looks so fucking weird
Why is the camera all overt the place? Jiggle, wiggle...christ. Horrible to watch. Watch your content back guys!
This whole spicy shit content is boring AF already. Just let the cow die.....
No pepper jack cheese/habanero jack........
just put a blow torch in your mouth and press the switch
for a Mexican this is nothing b*itch ??
THE AFTERMATH FOOLS.......
Beardo is homo 100
No bacon
Welcomee backkk
im so glad yall threw a bleach reference in here
Not a big mac... Wake up light up bang love Sosa go back to the astral realm
McWarning
You guys even infused the buns themselves with that stuff, way to take it to the extreme. From someone who loves spicy food, you guys are awesome.
So yall gonna act like bro eye dont look like he got hit with a sack of nickles.
Who r these guys what happened to epic meal time people
The cheese should have been a cheddar with habanero!
Cringe intro....
Thats not roosh v is it?
Extracts are CGI where real are Real. Gone With the Wind or Avatar. Both have merits, but real Spicelords know what is best.
...can you even consider this to be a big mac when you change everything? Like the bun is a good idea, the meat is fine as well, spicy cheese? Yes sir. Spicy mac sauce? If you want this editable probably not but for the video, sure. But thats it, keep the lettuce. Onions, and pickles. Maybe infuse spice into them but you gotta keep them in
Show finish burger or it did'nt happen!
I'm pretty sure there all stoners ..... dab it
I like that Bleach reference??????
Is it spicy enough No put it back
You know the worst part is that Americans use wipes to clean their butthole I once ate the spiciest pepper soup, and spent literally the whole day sitting on the water fountain splash thing that cleans the butthole whatever its name is
spot the hijab man canada is pathetic
My sperm was pink for 2 days LUL xD
Forgot to use habanero cheese
Well did he fucking die
that hot sauce is $150 wtf
you have not made the cheese hot. fail.
That bleach name drop though
I've had the source. It's hard to describe how hot it is in words. It made my whole face numb for hours.
Yo, we need more Bleach man
Use cooking oil to wash your hands of the pepper oil then wash the cooking oil/pepper oil off your hands with dawn
Why does dude have black eye? Lol
stop calling burgers you make yourself "big macs" you're not fucking mcds.
dude I fucking hate how hard that piece of shit w the lisp tries to be funny! bro not only are you not fucking funny but your voice is fucking annoying!, I was so glad to see u w a black eye TBFH
????????????????
Forgot these guys were still going
Spiciest Big Mac ????
I just noticed they didn't use peper jack cheese, but they have that pussy cheese
Tell spicy so much
The reaction needs to be longer
Oh EMT how how I miss you these new vids are just.....a lot blander then the OG ones. The passion isn't the same...hard to watch. get these bland ass millennials off and bring back the crew!!
The whole video is them prepping to eat the burgers. As soon as they take a bite the video ends? What gives?
What you used cheddar cheese i thought everything was spicy you should have used a good pepper jack.
I love your new videos more I just miss muscles glasses
They gonna have jet pack asses
Had to pause the video at the Bleach shout out I never expected from you guys. God damn. Could you get any better? (Also happy birthday. Hope you had fun on the toilet.)
Why does everyone in this video have a major lisp?
Krammer is a racist
that bleach reference tho
My mouth and throat hurts just by watching this video; that Big Mac is 7 times spicier than a ghost pepper!
what big mac. has cheese. i dont think ive ever had cheese on one
LA beast would just eat this like it's nothing
how many times are you going to make the same video? once something gets that hot, the reaction is always the same, and you've done what, like 50 of these now? Jesus H Christ, move on guys.
can someone tell me whats up with amirs eye?
All I have to say is WHY ??
???????????????
Thumbs down.. I can see that none of the burgers were completed.
So how's genryusai doin?? You meet him right??
nah this is nothing for mexican
overfed mofo ??
Who is this knockoff Harley?
These Guys shldve dental dams b4 eating this
7:41 how come the buns went from looking homemade to perfectly round. im guess they didnt show a reaction because it was faked
I'm with LoL coffeemate. Where's the aftermath takes man!!
Fake and gay
where the fucking pepper jack cheese?
Is that makeup in Ameers beard? ( ?° ?? ?°)
Just a drop will do.
AMIR IS FARLESS SERIOUS SINCE HE MET HIS WOMAN...COOL AMIR!!!
NO HE DID NOT SENRYUS BONKIA AS A REFFERANCE!!!
You guys don't over do it. You fucking MUTUALLY ASSURED DESTRUCTION DO IT!
I wonder how many ulcers you guys got
Anime reference tho
The worst part is when you have to take a shit the next day ??????
You didnt execute the mustard and ketchup cool down method properly. Call Jim Carrey and Jeff Daniels for details
how did you not use pepper jack?
Plutonium number 9 Burger. Do it like a man
Captain of squad 1 but ok
Best reference @ 2:50 ?? #BleachLove
Why not habanero pepper jack cheese?
What camera do you guys use?
Shout outs to the Gotei 13!! Love it!
That Bearded man snapping?????
didn't make the cheese pepperjack. you missed a spice opportunity
You sexy beasts...Keep burnin"
Is nobody picking up the fact that 7 million scoville units is a lie? It's fake hot sauce, google it. Click bait cunts.
You messed up, you supposed to put Jack Pepper Cheese
I miss the old crew. ??
I came across the source around 7 years ago. Bought a bottle of it and still have some left
Harley hates his stomach.
Holy shit that random ass bleach reference lmao. Right back to 2008
make a video with mike tyson ahaha
Hot water works the BEST
Harley is still hilarious...even with zero views. Maybe the lack of views is due to ligma??
275k views in 3 days with over 7 million subs.....Holy shit, what happened???
Dia org ni nak mati ke?
try to hard to be funny
Wait Harley watches bleach?!?! Is it possible to subscribe 5 more times?
you could've atleast melted the cheese
N e x t l e v e l W E E B s h i t
It's a burger. Not a big Mac
The aftermath is that they shit demons
Skip The Bullshit 7:00
Is this the guy from VGHS? Lol
Ohhhh boy “kiss me on the lips” aaaaaaalrighty
where's the real epic mealtime guy?
So you guys decided on the crackhead cameraman look to the video at the start? get a fucking stabilizer idiots
Anyone notice the guys black eye
Can someone fucking please help bring me back
Tell the guy with the lisp you don't need to be fucking talking I cannot watch all the videos anymore because of that guy he's like 30 get fucking speech therapy. Thpithy big Mac millionth sthcovillthhhhhhhhsssshhhsss.
bullshit...fake on montage...damn..u're a damn
i wnt to eat that XD
WHERE IS THE BACON?
Jesus wept this channel has gone to shit. Not a single atom of comedic value.
This guy be talking to some much lol
harley should be an amazing commentator for esports or regular sports :D
I miss muscles glasses
pongan subtitulos en español
Overreacting??
Video starts at 0:00
Video starts at 0:00
"Every component of the burger is spicy " except for the bitch cheese you used...even pepper jack would have entered the slightest realm of spicy.
Liked for the bleach reference XD
I swear they did this before
Best Epic Meal Time Ever
Yamamoto Genryuusai will be proud of your big mac...
Amir got punched in the face? hahaha
Ok, so who forgot to wash their hands before going to the bathroom?
Remember when epic meal time was good?
Jesus....
Any new comers to this channel have noooo clue how good it used to be. Pounding beverages w muscle glasses and making family get together sized food. Miss the old school material. They’ve done very well though. Not knocking Harley. I’d be stupid not to trade my job for his.
The real question is, do you build up a tolerance when eating normal, spicy food, due to all the extremely spicy things you crazy MFs have consumed over the years?
U pussies didn't finish them
LIKED FOR BLEACH REFERENCE!
Good luck when it comes out
Brian ambs challenge
Happy birthday Harley!
What you know about bleach doe
the best beverage to control spiceness is Ades light Apple flavor
Fuckin casuals
I thought the meat would explode in the barbecue cause of the spices??????????
3:53 WTF where are the real men these days! We all know Harvey sold out and now likes it in the ass! I always knew Harvey was a faggot!
The intro was cringy as fuck, but the rest was alright.
Muscles Glasses must return
There still making money from these rehashed vids... clever basterds
I want that Kramer/eraserhead shirt
Who the hell are these guys? What happened to the original guys?
FAKE
Ass more wrecked than a gay porn star in a prison shower
BLEACH GANG WHOLE LOTTA BANKAI SHIT????????
more of eating it you bitches
I didn’t see spicy cheese!!
At this level of heat, I don't know if it's make a difference, but when you have something spicy and you're mouth's burning, it feels a lot better if you breathe in through your mouth and breathe out through your nose. Rather than just breathing through your mouth.
The bleach reference though
F**k i Miss sobeys !
The bleach REF was sick. Nice
Who’s the noob
Hey where can i get a superman batman mario shirt?
They missed the perfect opportunity to use pepper jack cheese
Knowing that Harley watches Bleach makes me happy.
You should to sign some documents , before to eating this BURGER LOL !
should have used spicy cheese too ;)
Those buns looked undercooked
BLEACH!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
This channel isn’t funny anymore without Harley it’s just really awkward to watch with a guy who probably isn’t allowed around kids .
Should've used paper jack cheese
Bleach reference my day is made thank you for the first squad OG captian reference ????????????????
WTFFF making a Bleach reference?! God damn it I’m subscribing.
Get Mad Dog 357 Plutonium or pure capsaicin IMO. The Source is hot but it's not on the level, also shout out to Smokin' Ed Curry! Find yourself some fresh Reaper Peppers for onions... scotch bonnets are soft. That being said I do enjoy your spicy vids! *like
But you didn't finish it what a waste
Wow..... he is really phoning it in nowadays. Cant even be arsed to go shopping
Now you have to redo the whole video because you didn’t use pepper jack cheese
BAN KAAAAAAAAAAAIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIII
harvey, you should be the next actor in cinema from 2020 to 2030, replacing dwayne johnson
The genryu comment made me more of a fan forever. Y'all aren't just jocks. You are my brothers.
cuts hot pepper for hottest burger but takes out the seeds, which is the heat...
B I G D O I N K S I N A M I S H
The cheese was changed also? Jajajajajajajajajajajaja
Lemon juice stops the burn of chilli
What??? Wait no no no no no... EVERYTHING IS WRONG THIS VIDEO IS WRONG! Where the bacon strips at?
Does amire(misspelled) have a black eye?
For the love of god guys please use gloves when you’re handling this kind of heat ????
It's all about those "pain points."
Wow) The murderous burger)
It was funny few years ago. Now its just patethic.
happy bday
Y’all running out of ideas
Shoutout to Harvey for the bleach reference
You could of used kimchi for a lettuce substitute
the guy with the lisp is so annoying and not funny. he thinks hes funny but he made this show boring . no wonder u guys are losing viewers and subscribers . boot the lisp boy
This account is dead months ago... for a account that has 7m subscriber, hundred thousand views indicates that this account is dead.
Yall werent supposed to put lines of it in though. You did it for the meat mix and the sauce. Probably used a quarter bottle and now its rest in peace to your rectum.
My anus hurts just by watching you eating these monsters big mac
See why didnt u get any Mexicans or indians to tell you this was a bad idea
This spartan vlog really suprise me . . Nc internet
It's EXTREMELY weird to see Harley now that I have fully watched Video Game High School. Calhoun rules!
Bleach reference lol, i love that show
Matt Stonie fucked yall hahahahaha I mean hahhahahaha
The bleach reference made my fucking night
I paused the video when bleach was mentioned just so I called comment bleach is AWESOME
guys what the background music at 1:42
what is the backround music at the ending?
honestly he should set something up with vice
Happy birthday Harley.
Im sorry bros, but you must need a mexican guy to try to test spicy food, werever you cook
You guys should get the cast of Letterkenny on the show now that it’s getting more popular.
"spicy big mac" gets more clicks than "spicy hamburger". u not fooling anyone lol
Guys it's time to just die with honor. It's hard seeing you guys scrape by with roughly only half a million views in average now. Just do the right thing and nobably retire.
Bleach
Love the bleach reference
Those aren’t Big Macs. You used real meat!
I hate the new guys, bring back muscles. This feels so fake.
Show used to be much better.
Matt stonie try talk shit, and he failed. What a gimp
Forget about what that does to your mouth then asshole. What the fuck does that do to your internals. And blowing loads?! Talk about hot burning love.
such a waste of food for literally nothing
Yo y the fuxk u didn't show the burn action that's the best park where they are in pain and suffering??????
Why isn't the cheese spicy? Could've gotten habanero pepper cheddar
this shit is not epic anymore
Gay
Scoville levels don't add you idiots!
I noticed some sauce got into the beards. That's gonna be interesting.
Since the video first began, I couldn't stop laughing
who the fuck are these dudes?
This channel is f***ing dead
Should have used pepper jack cheese...
WTF it's not even the real guys, wtf is this hustle s*it?
"(7 million scoville)" you used like such a little dip of it for all 4 big burgers and act like its super crazy. PUSSYS
fuckin rights
Prince Atari with a beard for the win!
No spicy cheese tho
The grocery store they went to looks like Sobeys @ Main/Danforth in Toronto
What the hell? You guys are still making shitty videos? I thought you all died after ur heads got huge and exploded because of that terrible TV show that only ur moms watched. I’m going to watch til the end and I won’t be surprised if it sucks
a little bit triggered that they say that the actual burger is over 7 million scoville, cause scoville unites represent the concetration of capsaicin in somthing, meaning that if you mix it with somthing else, it drops. so the burger itself is probably much lower than 7 mill
Fuck yeah bro Love the Bleach reference!!!
I JUST TOOK A TINIEST BITCH BITE IT FUCKKKKKKKKKK FUCKING FUCKS UR TONGUE LIKE A LITTLE MANS MAN BITCHES. (Spits it at camera) U HAVE NO CHANCEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE. Jokes.
Weres the last dab ??
I LOVE THE BLEACH REFERENCE
you forgot the pepperjack cheese
Even the cheese was spicy?
Lol
you should add pepper jack cheese
I’m surprised you never used Mexicana Cheese Slices instead of regular cheese.
big mac and dropping bleach knowledge holy moly love these guys
yakno this channels only alive for fun but ill watch any1 eat a 7 mil scoville big mac.
Y'all used to be funny now you fags are eating nothing but hot food and acting like canadian internet douchebags your not epic meal time anymore
Why does those pattys look like jerky? ?? forgot them on the grill?
Shoulda used pepperjack cheese
My asshole hurt just watching this!
hey guys please less talk more video
When he drank the soap i fucking died.
More reaction please.
HOLY SHIT REBORN EPICMEAL TIME FAN I JUST WAS REBIRTHED WHEN HARLEY MADE A Yamamoto reference, fucccckkkinnn Love you guys.
pretty sure they were on victoria park and danforth lol i recognize that neighborhood
RESPECT FOR SHOUTING OUT THE GREAT OLD MAN YAMAMOTO
I think this is your best video so far. A little note. Why you dont show the reaction after eat that spicy mcdy
Is that a black eye ? ??
Ameer got hotter but this show got less 'epic'....but cool in a different way, good job guys! Happy to see you guys srill having fun!
Lol they went through all the trouble to make a spicy burger but didn't use pepperjack cheese oh well good vid
3:51 Battered Wife Syndrome.
4:43 --- "Here Lloyd, this helps"
I love how I had a Wendys commercial on this video.
So I made a big mac sundae, I got ice cream and put big mac sauce on it. I changed a few things, but its pretty much still a big mac. Video coming soon.
Who´s the new guy? Thoose burgers looked delicious my man!
Great. Another spicy video.
R.I.P KING DAVE!!!
Cheese UNDER the burger?! What the fuck is going on I'm loosing my God damn mind
Grease sucks and so does John revolting ????
No pepper jack cheese?
THAT BLEACH REFRENCE LMAO
Itsh looksh sho shpicey!
It's an explosion of spicy and Epic Meal Time oh yes give me more give me more give me more I wouldn't eat it because I be on the toilet for a week and my butthole will be on fire I love you Epic Meal Time
Man this show has gone to hell.
Who are these guys? What - it's like a low quality Harvey wanna be copy
RIP glasses
Worst part is the hot bread, I'd hate that shit in the most intense manner possible
Damn, guy at the end there without gloves too
Did anybody else realize there was no bacon?
02:50 actually im very impressed
It's fucking hilarious that I know EXACTLY where they filmed this (Danforth Village represent!!) Hell I can see my apartment building in the background at: 2:46
That is how big a Mac Big should be.
I feelbad for their toilet
Man...one dance with death was enough for me. Worst toilet experience ever.
I own the Prue Evil 13 , Prue Evil 9.6, Mad Dog 357 Plutonium, and The Source.
https://www.amazon.com/Pure-Evil-13-Capsaicin-Drops/dp/B01K3FEF02/ref=pd_lpo_vtph_325_tr_t_2?_encoding=UTF8&psc=1&refRID=22Q37E699NPR2QNM25W8
https://www.amazon.com/Mad-Dog-357-Plutonium-Scoville/dp/B00IIUEOEW
“We’re changing every SINGLE ingredient” as the put on the unchanged cheese. Lol love you guys
Kramer is a racist and the video was shit, you showed barely anything
He uses gloves to put the hot sauce into the patty/mix of spices but he doesnt use gloves to put the meat onto the grill. Big mistake? lmao
Lol I fux with this??
This is like, dumb smart. Idk how that works but I love this shit.
Just put hot water and it gose away!! Stupid white people
This has more bird noises than a hunting channel ??
Legit forgot about these guys. Can't believe they're still trying to milk the channel
Brah make a video of you guzzling your ass shake after you drip and explode into a bag with your stomach coming outtah your assshole
Quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack
You guys get a like from me for that bleach reference also that burger like good as fuck
Did anyone else get the hungry jacks ad before the video started
7million scoville bigmac, 7 million subscribers
I lost it when he started pouring dish soap in his mouth. That dude is like muscles glasses. But dumber, weaker, and completely opposite of muscles glasses. I love him.
Ploox make better bread already lol
got a boner from the Bleach reference xD
That Bleach reference though ahaha!
I was about to go to sleep but....fuck it...
I want to know who introduced y'all to slap ya mama seasoning lol
When can we get your beef jerky up here in canada
got daym.love yall.madd props 2yall.yall need 2patien that b4 mickey d wants the rights.
trash cooks
The Vasto Lorde of the Big Mac.
Harley is good at one thing and that's slurpin' on big ol' ding dongs
RIP- Insides(stomach&anus)
That bleach reference made me laugh so hard I almost dropped my grinder
I haven't seen you guys in a Loooooooooooong Time...
#deadchannel
Harley must’ve been a few shots of JD in because he went in on that Big Mac
Happy B day big hoss
where's the jack dagnels?
The Bleach and Yugioh shout outs lol
why is there never any BACON on epic meal time anymore I'm so sad
Muscles glasses only complaint would have been that it wasn't hot enough.
YouTube has made ya'll soft! Still funny.....kinda!!
Yo Calhoun have you kept in touch with Bryan, ted, Jenna, and ki
Dumb and Dumber tribute @4:43! You want some Ketchup and Mustard? That helped us.....LMAO!!!
My man mentioned the all time greatest leader of the Seretei, Genryusai Yamamoto!! Holy shit my life is complete. Spice on Bacon Lords!! Your bankai is bacon!
Monoray jack?
IS THAT LEMME KNOS SON??
You guys should have used pepper jack cheese
???Bleach Shout out! Harvey you the fucking man!????????
Bruhhhhhhhh we got a new captain commander don and he’s loves the bitches
OMG 2:25 YOU DONT LITE ALL THE BURNERS AT THE SAME TIME THE IS SOOOO BASIC
You guys need new content, you cant do the same stuff for 8 years.
I had to like thisnsuper hard for the bleach name drop
What won’t you do for views? Damn
Fam how y'all not go show the after mathstho lol
Happy bladdah to sauce Bruce and props for the bleach reference even tho I know u no rook in the game..MYNINJA!!!
5:02 .....oh yeah, BECAUSE DISH SOAP MAKES IT BETTER! WHY!? I know it works for hands, but, not the mouth D: edit: also, late happy bday harley.
Epic as fuck for that legend of Zelda reference ????
Lmao wasnt ready for the Bleach reference ??????
Yo!!!! I love these fuckin guys!!!! This nigga said “I just came back from the shadow realm.” Lmfao!!!!!!!! ??????????????????
7 million subs, barely 100k. Please just stop, you haven't been relevant in years. Just end on a low note.
kiss me on the lips. (without hesitation) alrighty.
majestic, beautiful, now im hungry
Happy birthday Harley
Again I dont get it, why no mad dog 357 plutonium? ...
Why take the seeds out
You guys are desperate eh
How far from the light you have strayed.
They've hijacked your show, Harley. You've failed us... all is doom.
Am I the only one that can't deal with buddys lisp? Ive watched so many of their videos and I still cant get over it
You could of used jalepinio pepper jack cheese
No me and him got the same brithday
So how long did u spend in the washroom
He pulled that bleach reference out his ass lol
You want the source to mix well... mix it with your wet ingredients before adding it to the dry for the bun...
Hello
Is the man with the black beared Muslim or from a eastern area cause his name is islamic
the bleach reference :level 1000 dope
"Kiss me on the lips." "Alrighty." Lmao
How'd you guys manage to make the mac sauce? I'm never able to quite nail it
Lol
Fuck that my nig. That's retarded hot. I took a bite of a cayenne pepper today and got the hiccups for 2 minutes
Does Amir have a black eye? Lefty? What happened yo?
You forgot the cheese
Ratings, ratings for the Bleach reference.
BANKAI!
I was first to put the comment about the source quite some time ago when they went onto the spice YouTube channel where and tried several hot sauces upto 1 million scolvilles now I will the first to suggest the spicer hot sauce of plutonium made by mad dog which is 9 million Scoville
I was so proud of my self when I beat link to the past ?? I was like 10 or so
This shit is scary
Those views are low asf.. Dead Channel much ?
Y'all didn't use pepper jack cheese...just sayin'
why didnt you show the kiss tho bro?
Kiss me on the lips
The bleach ref blew my mind.
Fire in the hole! ??
I used to watch this channel everyday but now it's shit the channel was good when josh was around but now that josh is gone this channel has went from really good to dog shit. I'm unsubscribing this channel is about to die. And Matt stonie just beat you at the KFC whole menu he just put the last screw on the coffin
R.I.P Genryusai Yamamoto
someone in canada didn't get the momo about Kramer
I like how all the peppers are pointless when you break out "The Source".
MY ONLY QUESTION IS WHERE THE FUCK IS MUSCLES AND GLASSES????
This episode is brought to you by "Cashmere" Toilet Paper
Well that was anticlimactic
Skinny stauches!!! Should be the new name , in ode to muscles glasses! You’re welcome.
Alrighty lmaooooo
I actually want to try this
I would eat all the big mac and all the guys in few bites ???????????????????
I fuckin shop at that grocery store! Shout out Main and Danforth.
What happened to Muscles Glasses. Who are these clowns?
Bankai! Love the bleach reference <3
What’s up with the shaky camera hands
hold up...the Yu-Gi-Oh reference too... ??dude you the goat
This channel has gone so crap now I miss the old squad when they had muscle glasses and Dave
#ilovegrease
I love this because you guys show me what I shouldnt ever do lol great video!
I used to love these videos, now they're so cringe I can't finish one
harley are you okay are you okay are you okay harley
How ya ganna put the dude with the hardest lisp ever in front of the camera... ITS SPITHY
gay
Y’all need to fire Amir
I LOVE GREASE
Can you learn to the the letter "s" correctly? Your shitty half fucked retard "s" makes me a little angry that you take yourself seriously. It's pronounced "eh-s" not "ethhhhh"
Where’s muscle glasses
Happy Birthday!
DAMN HARLEY DROPPING BLEACH KNOWLEDGE
where was the pepper jack cheese ?
Someone got their hands on a transition pack ??????
This channel needs more Harley....not the try hard gang.
That looks delicious ?? but, I wouldn't dare.
I need a montage of Ymir acknowledging the camera with arab music in the background
harley's burning ring of fire, it went down down down and the flames went higher, the ring of fire, the ring of fire.
Usually Gavin McInnis is focused on political stuff. Good to see him eating burgers.
Harley once again going "Jack Bauer" on his prostate.
Bacon????????????!!!!
Shouldve went with pepper jack cheese
Happy Birthday yesterday Harley!!!!!!!!!!!!! :D
Your videos just keep getting more boring and staged with over acting like in this vid when he tasted the mac sauce. I have watched you guys from the beginning and it just went to shit when MG's left. You PUSSIES need to watch this video (especially the flamer who tasted the mac sauce) and get back to your roots, rather having 5 min of shit on an 7 min video. Only Haley got through just half of his burger and others barely touched. ALL you should have sat down like men and finished everything there. Time to un-sub after all these years. Bye EMT https://youtu.be/q0i9pZnq29Y
Where you been drunk man,m haha you have been MIA in KOTD..
Rip doinks, yungkingdave is dead
Didn’t use pepper jack cheese? Maybe because it’s not the Big Mac cheese but STILL
Do a Bacon King like this!
And happy birthday harley, hope youre not too hungover on that Jack mc_Dagnals
where is the kramer shirt from? my girlfriend needs the eraserhead/seinfeld mashup
@4:44 The beginning of HARLey losing his sauce boss name......
Scotch bonnets are not that hot
Big Mac Sauce = Mayo, Mustard, Relish, Vinegar, Garlic Powder, Onion Powder and Paprika. Try it. Fuck French Dressing.
Gross guy is groooosssss
R.I.P. YKD
some old school epic meal time hellll yeahhhh
Reduce all creation to ash, Ryujin Jakka
Those spicy Big Macs Look like they would make your body hurt for a very long time insane heat wow what a spicy YouTube video nice very nice guys
Gotta get some aftermath in there man we need to see more of you guys!!
Happy birthday Harley hope your ass is fine I’m sorry bro
A bleach reference???? Hell freaking yeah.
Your knowledge of Bleach is respectable.???
Damn I love spicy foods and would love to try this
Y'all it's 2018, get some reusable grocery bags pls
7:37 you are welcome
Spicy KFC
I want more bleach episodes.
Says changing every part of it to make it more spicy...puts regular American cheese on...smh
Id call it the BBC cuz ur inside r gonna get rekt
If this show has taught me one thing it's you don't hitler in an airport.
Shout out to 'KRAMER a character by Larry David' t-shirt!
No spicy cheese? smh....lol
'Spicy'
Some bleach love again? I always knew that EMT still had it!
I honestly forgot this channel was a thing
why didnt you use pepper jack cheese?
Petition to get Dan and Adam to act out their favorite scene from Grease.
Kiss me on the lips
This is not cool. Food should be yummy, not painful.
after enough of these spicy videos.. you would think they would learn that there is NO heat in seeds.. SMH one of the stupidest myths out there
2:11 are you saying that every time you touch it... you get... this feeling?
So the best is yet to come and right then you end the episode. It's like showing an intro and the intro is the end - fucking smart!
im casual shit
Did ya die thoe
RIP old man Yama.
weebs
Squad 1 gang weebs unite
emt is dead
Big Like! for the Bleach references.
I need to try this at home fr fr
So this is what a dead channel looks like
Shaguk!
why is the cheese not spicy?
Missed you boys!!!
that Bleach reference <3
that Bleach reference though ????
Happy birthday Harley!!
B I G D O I N K
EMT never disappoints with the CONTENT!!
66k in 12 hours. You guys fell off. Should’ve saved some of your YouTube money instead of spending it all on food that you don’t finish.
Damn, you guys hate your toilets!
Well it looks like you might want to go home early today hahahaha amir is effin funny
Omfg so sand don't get a reward for that acting at the store line??? I died laughing
Why tf did they leave the chesse uncooked
I cant think of something more dumb than making a huge deal about how spicey something is then showing how spicy u made it then not showing the results
omg the bleach reference was amazing <3 love seeing you guys eat spicy food haha
You should collab with Shaun Evans again and cook with the Pepper X that would be amazing :)
Uuuuu loved the bleach reference
"Alrighty....."
That bleach reference tho ????
Breathe! Lol
i luv ur food challange bRRRRROOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZ
since i rewatched some old episodes from back in the day the new ones seem so fucking lame, just like the sauseboss, that turned into a cunt
This video would be okay if you guys didn’t act like such a bitch, seriously? I’ve ate elderly women’s pussy more spicy than that smh. Pussy ass bitches !
show the poop
You guys are nuts! You couldn't pay me enough money to even eat that spicy Burger there's no way!
I love the Bleach reference.
Happy Birthday to the Boss!!! Love those gamer/lore moments Harley lays down.
#RIPYOURBUTTHOLE
Now I am hungry for McDonalds. Thanks guys!
Why not pepper jack cheese?
RIP your everything as it comes out.
Love it when he dropped the Bleach reference
2:54 lol pure awesomeness. ??Bleach
I see their moving off of bacon and onto hot shot... Very original.
EPIC SAUCE BOSS! WHAT DO YOU COMAND!
Let's see some Pure Evil capsaicin drops at 13 million SHU on the next vid. It's the next logical(?) step.
So that's why I keep finding peppers with bites in them!
A Bleach reference, huh? Your waifu must be Orihime, seeing as she does the same things with food you do :3
Happy birthday!!
BINGO....EPIC MEAL TIME SHOPPING BAGS, faces and all, couple versions, cheers!
These channel still exists???
HEY, drop the plastic bags, WTF?
Shitting fire bois
Best belated birthday beard bro. Brutal beasts break bitches, boiii.
Why didn't you use chilli cheese?
WHERE THE FUCK IS THE BACON!!?????
WHERE THE FUCK IS THE BACON!!?????
Bleach reference game level on 100
link to the past and bleach references, that's tight
love you boiz, BONKAI
We wanna see the milk chugging or death
' i just split lip and it went into my lip ' wow ameer holdin up if thats true i woulda expect a little run around the house shit must b painfulll!!
Im curious: in so many “spicy challenges” about the only ingredient they never pour on is the “pure spice extract”, is it eating The Source in large amounts will legit send you to the morgue?
Shout out to Bleach!
The Bleach reference made this video for me
Old epic meal time was better where they made crazy stuff.
The only og that is left is ameer. I won’t be surprised if he was next the leave.
Change the epic to spicy in your channel name. The meals are no longer epic
Yamamoto <3
???????. ????
"Gimmie a kiss on the lips, alrighty" lmfao gold!
that's what i'm fuckin talkin about !!!
Shoutout to bankai.
Harley like spicy.
I loved the Kevin Connolly cameo
Wait, no spicy cheese? Not even pepper jack?
Always makes my morning, another great episode guys!
Why does this video start in the vegetation section? Epic Meal Time has hit a new low.
So fucking upset no peper jack cheese? You boys to pussy?
Why was the lettuce not replaced with Kimchi...
bacon kings.... sauce boss... and now turning into the spice your ass needs ice
Bleach reference!!!
U try too hard to be funny but u aren’t
Is it too spicy for your dad !?!?
why does every youtuber have to be so fucking cringe
Didnt use peperjack. Im offended
was the lil guy your son harley?
Where's the ads on this video? You guys deserve it!
We're both handsome guys.... Kiss me on the lips.
talk about an early death jeez louse, taking on 7ml scoville unit for us much respect guys :)
Great reference to Shigenuki!!!. I personally prefer Yosube Ichibei
Really really really thpicy bigmac. The thpithiest
I was here years ago. So was MusclesGlasses. Now I'm back, and I miss MusclesGlasses.
i dont want , i prefer to beat my dick lol
This shit looks so good
Is that a Kramer as Eraserhead shirt?
Happy Birthday, Harley
I’m so glad you guys didn’t let this channel die when it started losing heat. Not as much heat as in that Big Mac though!
Good episode...but gotta call'em out on more or less recycling an old episode (Feb 12 2018 - World's Spiciest Burger (Valentine's Day Episode) - Epic Meal Time). Only real difference it's a big mac build.
Harley you made a bleach reference so now you are in my book of youtubers who will be godsend to meet along with markiplier, jackseptieye, and the game grumps bottom of the top 5 or 6 is Freddie wong for creating vghs which you were in like a boss
Hot ones ain’t got shit on the boys??????
Thanks for another great vid
Dead channel tbh
7m subs -7m scoville
Looks dry as fuck!??
Acually lime and dishsoap help with the pain
That bankai tho ??????
What the fuck, where is Harley. Why was he not buying the ingredients, this is bs... Youtube died when epicmealtime lost its fuego flava
Spicy everything and then regular cheese... HOW DARE YOU!
that's my Sobeys!
Shoutout to Harley for the Bleach reference! This is the Zanka No Tachi Big Mac!
ur gonna fuckin die
So good to see you guys coming back with new ideas
He need some milk ????
Happy birthday Harley! (A bit late, but still)
Am I the only person who salivated exceptionally more whilst watching this
did you have to look up his name for this?
thumbs down just because of that peice of shit. i dont know his name but hes so annoying... when hes not in the video ill give you thumbs up. but when hes in the video you will get thumbs down. im talking about the dude with the fro
Is Harley gay
Great job boys!
#supportbleach
It's all fun and games till your f*#%ing a gallon of milk... Never risk ya special place wear gloves...
Bro that bleach knowledge tho...you a real one.
If you guys eat crackers or bread really helps get the spice out your mouth. I know this because coworkers and i tried mark of the beast.
Happy birthday
The meat is heeling his eye fast (as it's so compact with nutrients)
So strange to see Harley not drunk xd
ily
You should make another extremely hot burger and have L.A. Beast eat it for a crossover video.
Happy birthday Harley !!! <3
The spicy shit is over done! Go back to your roots of giant obsurd food!!!!! Oh, I almost forgot, Amir loves B====D
I love the Bleach reference.. Gotta say.. I'm a Kisuke guy myself
Says every ingredient is replaced with spicy, puts regular cheddar cheese on burger.
It's not that bad... French kisses ice cream for relief.
Where's Santos?
You'd be shittin blood after eating the whole burger ??
Your shits must be the worst after something like that
Lmao shout-out CPT.Yamamoto. A Legend???
Goddamn I want that
The references on this episode are on point
But no pepper jack cheese?
DAT SHYT CRAY
I see a Bleach reference, I put a like. SIMPLE.
Y'all fuckin crazy. But that is y I keep watching.
So many anime references....i absolutely love it
I am a simple weeb, I see animu I leave like.
Hello
Sauce boss saved the video
"kiss me on the lips." "alrighty" lol *sadly cries inside." the most beautiful bromance I've ever seen
Yo that Bleach Reference caught me so off guard !! Amazing video as usual boys <3
My mouth hurts just by watching
Did you sign a waiver before you ate it?
Did realize y'all were bleach fans, did y'all see the live action film yet?
- Kiss me on the lips. - Alrighty. Straight up killed me.
I also like bleach
Why don’t y’all use the hot ones pepper x hot sauce
Bro them dark circles under your eyes.
Booogie Woogie !
its time for a new outtro my dude
I am 80% sire i an down that burger in under 1 minute
For that bleach reference you earned that like boy
I would love for Harley to squat over me and explode the aftermath from his charred hairy bunghole all over my face.
Yoooo, that Bleach shout out!!
Damn this channel used to be the shit back in the day
Why would you mess with this??? It would be so miserable eating this
I promise to watch every episode for the rest of my life if u shout out my left boob
Hot Ones is quaking.
anyone else notice the marvel and dc figures in the cupboards in the background such as spiderman one over from the oven. Cool :)
Is Harleys birthday really 7-30? Don't fuck around with birthday buddy's. 7-30-93.
A Link To The Past, best Zelda game ever! FIGHT ME!!!
Noice! Harvey's back.. enjoyed this one! Good stuff! ????
2:50 A few moments later i simply had to like this video
Oh my fucking god . The bleach reference. Did not expect that shit hahahahahah
That Bleach reference was dope af
Shouldn't they have replaced the cheese with Pepper Jack?
How long did it take gross guy to recover????????
Do you feel the PainTrain?
Happy birthday Harley .. smoking one for you souse bouse
I loved the ending with the heavy panting
I live in California so I haven't seen plastic bags like that in a while, now i gotta pay 10 cents if i want a bag, and the worst part is I remember voting for this to happen. Wtf was I thinking?!?!?
Yo cashmere toilet paper lol
Homemade edible pepper spray. That'll be awesome.
I saw boring cheese..
Dying channel BTW.
When adding scovilles, dont you find a mean, not just adding them together?
I want one
could have used jalapeno cheddar tho
With no hesitation Amer says Alllrighty. Hilarious!
Oh shit they shop at my sobeys. Im schleeeeeeep boi.
Do you still have a stomach after eating so much spicy food? I'm concerned about your health.
How can I do this
Juste pour la référence à bleach j'adore !!
You guys alive?
3 men were sent to the ICU for extreme burns to bring us this episode
Those buns are ass
Harley gives Prince Walla an apology kiss for giving him a blackeye
Hey Harley and the rest Of The crew could you do an Irish themed pizza on Tuesday 14 of August to celebrate my little brothers sweet 16th birthday. It would be awsome
No Pepper Jack Cheese?
Dude, Harley with the random Bleach AND Legend of Zelda knowledge. Heyo! I see you! I hope the Dark World Big Mac didn't kill anyone.
they must take hour long shits that go from trying to do something important to instantly almost shitting themselves
EMT is riding product placement pretty hard and long and fast all night
UR ass.. going to be.. on ??
Yung King Dave
No bacon?
And not one of the bitches ate even half a burger
Theven million thcoville uniths
But Yamamoto is kill...
May I ask why you guys needed batteries for a spicy big Mac?
“Sorey”
It s my birthday to I turn 11 on July 30 2018 ?????????? ???????? .
Alrighty
1:57-2:04 That’s what she said!
True Heroes, :) /best regards from Scandinavia :)
Lovin it
Hello!!! hot ones rip off!!! ?????????
You fucking animals! I love you guys, don't die please
RIP all of the Epic Tongues
My anus began itching looking at those patties.
Try this after getting oc sprayed
GIVE ME SOME GNGEEEEESCH!
Wait...couldn't do pepper jack cheese at least?!
Why does it have regular ass cheese though pussies.
ITS REVOLUTIONARY GAME CHANGING DAY FOR PREMO CANADIAN GANJA HARLEY..LETS DO IT UP!!!! EPICMEALTIME LIVE STYLE BRO....HOW COULD U DENY A GOOD CANADIAN BOY FROM BRITISH COLUMBIA THE CHANCE TO WELCOME IN FREEDOM!!!! BLLLLLLLLAAAAAAAAZZZZZZEEEEEEE UUUUUUPPPPPP
This video instantly got a like for the bleach reference I love bleach sooooooo much. By far my favorite anime of all time.
This channel is not dead until Harley says it's dead ! It is immortal !
ever heard of video stabilisation
HARLEY..420 EPICMEALTIME LIVE SHOW ON ..OCTOBER 17TH..1ST DAY OF LEGALIZATION...CO HOSTED BY 2 JOINTS???
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7e1hnzNf4zk
3:54
at least sand didn't almost die,,,,like the hottest taco show,,poor fooker got smoked out by grilln the hot stuff
TP?! Step yalls fuckin game up and get wet wipes. Trust me, your assholes will thank you for it.
Happy birthday Harley
happy birthday sauce bosssss!
It’s so damn cute when grossguy fucks himself up
The ALTTP reference was amazing
The bankai burger or the soul society.
thats nice and hot
should've named Big Bang Big Mac
There is mad dog 357 plutonium which is 9 million Scoville Here’s the amazon link: https://www.amazon.ca/Plutonium-Million-Scoville-Extract-Ounce/dp/B00IIUEOEW/ref=sr_1_2?ie=UTF8&qid=1533014689&sr=8-2&keywords=mad+dog+357+plutonium
'Changing up every single ingredient'..... except the cheese. Haha
When you think” Why didn’t EMT use Pepperjack Cheese?”
Shoulda put pepper jack cheese
Happy birthday, Harley.
no pepperjack cheese?
Burgers look like birdshit mashed together into a patty
We got some HEAT!lol love you guyz??
I would eat that, it looks delicious
Yo dog were the fuck is the sauce boss .... Oh shit nvm??
The cheese wasn’t spicy
I inhaled piece of chocolate and died for 3 minutes when Harley said shikuhhhh
It’s my birthday to but happy birthday Harley
I feel bad for your asshole
Tf yall know abt Captain Commander Genryusai!
Harley is going to war for the fam!!!!??
Aw man happy belated Harley
Why the buns look so dry lol
You done f**ked up. You used regular cheese instead of pepper jack cheese.
Love the video like always but... What happened to amir's eye though???
When your channel is dead you gotta eat food that could physically hurt you or worse. But now you said bankai and brought up the bleach reference you deserve your millions of views you guys use to get.
Only
Whatever happened to Lemme Kno?
Holy fuck out of all the characters atari you and Harley Morenstein r the ones lol ok well hair net beard was whatever any ways but where is muscles glasses I hope his wife and children are as beautiful as u all r God bless
Happy birthday Harley
I was afraid to touch my own face watching this. Great episode.
im amazed they never used bacon
you just went bankai
harming yourself for views, a major way to suceed on YouTube
you make this shit look so bad and sure it is but i watch people do this and they handle it a hell of a lot better than your pussy asses. you guys are weak making your 5-10 minute fucking videos... grow some fucking balls and eat something like this on camera with out edits you fucking pussy bitches.
Wallek went straight in for that kiss. No fucks given!
RIP Young King Dave #BigDoinks
I love your chance but non of u r sweeting in last scene rly hope it’s not fake no hate guys love every fkin bacon vid just that many scovles in the last min or so and not beeding sweat is kinda off love u no hate keep up bacon vids!!!!!
Thank you for making old man Yama proud.
Where is the Slash's lost brother from the spicy tacos vid?
Lovin the spicy vids
All these cry babies in the comments reminiscing the past ??
Subscribed just for the love shown for my mans Yamamoto
But the cheese wasnt spicy......
Absolutley amazing. I've been loving the videos lately
#RIPSauceBossButthole
Holy shit a bleach reference
??????? ??? ?????????? ????? ? ???? ????????
Love it!
Stupid connected Earlobes
harley on that bleach level...squad zero anyone :D
These are some good samaritan boys at the grocery store! Also happy birthday Harley!
“...it turned my sperm pink for two days.” lol....next time you should find a vineyard that grows cubed grapes like those inedible watermelons, except edible and pointy delicious. Do a show on it. I’ll help, I got a grape tree. And little glass boxes, lots of them. Bring on the pane meats bring on the the plain. The rain in plain falls mainly on the grape, meter fuckers!
Nice bleach reference boi
Was he the principal on vghs
Happy belated Harvey! Mine past a week ago today coincidentally
first....wait
That was entertaining. Thanks for punishing yourselves. And ditch the Kramer shirt guy.
Weird, I was just thinking about that old dude from bleach
Harley has officially been bitten by the spice she is a cruel mistress
EMT is GOAT status
WHITE PEOPLE ARE CRAZY
Liked just for the Captain Commander reference.
Rip Yamamoto
So much fuzz about eating the spicy hamburger and you show only like one minute you're eating. Skip the video I would say!
6:09 'We are changing up every ingredient in here!' That looks like normal cheese sir. I feel lied to.
Wtf nobody Evan ate any?
Oh shit it's my birthday today too
I HATE, HAAAATE how you guys don't show the aftermath of these 'heat' related videos. You would get so many more views! C'mon EMT!
Where's muscles glasses
happy crow sound birthday Harley
i shidded and farded and camed my pants
You know everyone loves watching that spicy shit, keep it up haha
https://open.spotify.com/user/gzkaatt/playlist/0ntMnoZfmmRhEm2jLDhjyk?si=Hx8nVtVySU6WgnGfQL7g8g
That bleach reference though!!
I'm disappointed...They didn't make the slice of cheese spicy
Where's muscle glasses????
I call BS! that cheese slice looked like regular american! :P
Pouring The Source!?! Man you are crazy!!
Yeah I burned myself twice with stupid jalapeños!!! Even after washing my hands 3 times I wear gloves too now haha my dick was on fire
vous êtes des grands malades ! you are so crazy !! omg !!!
I just looked it up and I had no idea The Source costs a fucking hundred dollars. I expected it to be kinda pricey, but Jesus. Also I want that god damn burger.
this was at main and danforth
You boys are so well behaved in the grocery store Cheers to you!
I see you with that Bleach reference
getting sick of the clown, wheres the red head? or dont you boys like girls?
Can you do spiciest chocolate roulette?
Ive eaten Mad Dog 357 Plutonium # 9 and I felt there pain instantly... PS. Don’t do it EVER..... EVER!
MEAT !
Happy Birthday you piece of shit motherfucker! I fucking love you man!
that has to fucking hurt!!!!
holy shit i paused and liked the video when harvey referenced gen ryusai+bleach SO HARD
Looks like the sauce boss got beat by the sauce
The Spice aint Nice.
Bleach Greatness!
Fuck yeah
Your ulcers will have ulcers that develop ulcers.
Love this shit. Miss muscles glasses, but this crew is good.
I guess they won't be eating anything next time
Seriously these always come out at midnight when I'm getting stoned and drunk
I said God damn
Great video! Would you eat a porg with szechuan sauce? ??
Bleach reference i love it
Should have used jalapeno flavored cheese
Need bonus footage!!!!
Eating it isn't even the hard part.
Omg you guys are still around.. MUSCLE GLASSES!!
7:55 who the fuckin FUCK is this wanker?!? Gross guys new boyfriend?!?
Holy fuck id never expect them to reference bleach
I'd eat that. But I have pure extract crystals so the source ain't shit.
Looked fucking delicious but also very gay.
Why Sauceboss... why...? Oh yeah, cause it's EPIC!
Gonna like just for old man yama
1:35 bacon grease? ??
Everything spicy except for the cheese! Time to redo this episode!
Happy birthday Harley, late of course, but I hope you had a great birthday
Yo the love for Bleach
Kiss me on the lips ????
"My sperm was pink for 2 days" -EMT 2018
B A C O N S T R I P S
A Big Mac that burns any of the calories it originally had.. brilliant!
Harley panting like a dog at the end haha Happy birthday Jewish warrior
Wow. This tops the spicy taco video with the scolville scale. Will they respect the hot sauces this time?
A Big Mac that burns any of the calories it originally had.. Brilliant!
should have got the stuff from blairs sauce they have a thing that is 16 million scoville
Ily
You guys are a little crazy
HARLEY YOU ARE A LEGEND.
Yeeaa gross guy baaaby
Happy burfday Harley ?????? you are the man!
bring the old crew back
If you think it’s bad now wait till you have to use the Bathroom ?? LOL ??
Wouldnt even do this for Donald Trumps whole bank account
Cacaw motherfucker early gang
Never get too lost in the sauce
I truly feel bad for you guys. You along with other OG youtubers have followed into the new 2018 trash content trends and now you're struggling to get out (or you're not even trying?). OG's can't just copy what's "HOT", you need to be original AND new again. Even though it works for these newer youtubers that gain millions a month.. that content is still trash. But it's the only thing kids nowadays will find on their feeds. Older people, your OG subscribers, just move on... how many years can they repeat watching the same thing? People have reason to complain. It means they want change. I respect that you still make videos but what's the point if you're just doing it for the money and not the entertainment of your subscribers?
Your pain and suffering on camera bring me great joy.
BANKAI
Uh? Anime reference in this channel? That was unexpected.
Nice video
This channel went to shit when muscles glasses left. These dudes aren’t good actors.
Feel the burn
Mamma Mia that's a spicy burger
HEY EPIC MEAL BOYSSSSSSS
Nice
Much love for old man Yama!
Sponsored by mcdonalds
8th!
what do you do when the big mac attacks you?
About to be so many comments no one will notice that I like traps
So spicy it might blind you
Epic Meal Time needs more epic videos like this. Not 100lb burgers
The bleach reference had my sides in orbit.
30 views and the 13th comment Julian was here !!
Shaboop!!!
I love spicy food??????
Dang
Yeet o my bonito
Big Mac is my go to burger. Why am I still awake it's 5am ??
First
Gang Gang
THATS HOT ASF
Epic
Hot... Literally
Nut
4th
first!
ligma Edit: I was first lick my taint
Steph it’s okay (I’m gonna get attacked for this) I’ve never even seen lalaland
Woot congrats on the 500k getting up there.... ??
On the 14 can you say happy birthday Emma because that is when my birthday is ??
Kid mukbangs are kinda weird
I think it's because she changed the future.
Wow. Typical. She goes for big white dicks instead of small Asian dicks.
Yummy share some
The only people I think of when she talks about small kids doing Mukbangs is the little girl from “The candoo’s” or maybe even Aubrey London
Steph taking forever to get to the story reminds me of jknews trailing off and Tiffany introduces the story hella late into the video then the video ends.. anyway I LOVE YOU STEPH HOPE TO SEE YOU MORE ON JKNEWS
please do more with asmr
“wait there’s cheese inside” “um it is a mozzarella stick” DEADDDD????
I miss blockbuster!!!!
i hate lalaland too lmao
She has pregnancy brain Yall ??????
I agree with the kid mukbang think
You should watch The Candoos, they put two year old Beatrix in front of the camera.
what’s the movie name bih
Stephanie you need to watch Game of Thrones! You will be shook.
I feel so happy whenever I watch Steph eat and her energetic personality it makes me feel good????
This reminds me of the Truman Show. Maybe she was recorded since she was born and it could be possible that people watch her tapes/life like how people watched the Truman Show on TV. Since she disrupted that, she ends up going crazy and in jail?
Omg you are wearing Zara kids top bitchhh
or maybe you’re just asian ..??
stephanie soo is cancelled
BISSSSSS I COMMENTED HOW TO DO IT LAST TIME AND NOW STEPHIANCÈ TOLD YOU ***** TYPE SOMETHING ***** BOLD
Where is the story from
Kids ASMR are not good to watch... sorry is it only me?
Omg which place did u get this from? It looks so good!!!!
whats the name of the movie can anybody find ittt
I deadass think this is the best channel:)I love you and your stories.
You are theeeee best story teller! ???? I love it!
STEPHANIEE WHAT IS THE MOVIE
What's the movie? I'm dieing
You need some chopstick holding lessons from your boyfriend
yeets
“i’ll have him practice the downward dog.......” it’s also a sex position ??
I hate Lala land too ??
Stephanie, your not the only one who didn't like la la land, but for different reasons
PERIODT
the ending to this video is so cute hahah
Did anyone hear her friend say oh my god on the low as she Yelled?
Wow your Korean pronounciation is perfect
Please start listing where you get your food.
*I freaking love your videos
illuminati confirmed hahaha
PLEASE! I WANNA KNOW THE NAME OF THE MOVIE
You should do more mukbangs without your fiance. Seems like your fiance is there to help you with the food. You don't eat much.
Hell yeah I remember Blockbuster bisss!
Kid mukbangs are so cuteee but u do u boo
Me too, i hate LA-LA LAND !! ?
Movie title pls! ??
what restaurant did she buy this from? i want to try this when i’m back in ktown ??
Somebody tell me the movies name
Until then
I would rather when how I die...so I can live positively and happily
I think it's because she altered her destiny, that's why she got that ending. That's the reason why human can't and shouldn't know their future ahead of time, I think. And yes, I will return the dvd right away. I won't fight destiny lol.
Where did you get this food?! Craving it soo bad I live in LA ??????????
I didn’t like La La Land either ??
We all really want to know the name of the movie it would be great if you could tell us all lol
What’s the movie called ?!?
biss what’s the movie’s name D:
What I learn from all these stephi’s mukbang vids is that stephiance is able to counteract stephi’s craziness so well and that’s why I ship them so hard ?????? LOVE U GUYS!
Which place in ktown?
What movie is that
this story is so good than lalaland LOL jk
Where is it from?
So Loki?...hehe
OH YEAH AND what’s the title of the that story called??????
You’re a good story teller that I was getting so paranoid that someone was watching me that I had to turn my back to the wall of my bedroom????????????
I love her personality
Xx
I really wanna know the story behind your husband always hiding his face ... ps in New here in case you have already explained it lol
Omg, my favourite lines. “She’s got bags under her eyes and their not designer.” “Oooo you theifing ass b****” And “all I got from this was...don’t skip episodes!” ??????????????
whats the place called?
JSJJDNDEJDJDBDBDBDN WHAT'S THIS MOVIE CALLED PLEASE I NEED TO KNOW??WHAT IT AHHHHH WE'VE GOT ANOTHER FAN GIRL/BOY but really I need this movie
why has all the mukbang have the coldest water bottle
This story felt like a black mirror episode ??
I really want her to make got7 marks recipe it always looks so good
I'm with you bisss and your unpopular opinion on movies, I getchuuu
The ramen packs are 2 servings. The cup is 1 serving. i was confused too until i looked haha.
Lmao, Captain America is actually going to die.... ??????????
hi (edit: thx to stephanie’s fiancé for teaching me how to comment in bold!!)
Omg!!! It looks DELICIOUS GIRLFRIEND!!! You should definitely invite me over ??????????
OMG THAT STORY BLEW MY MIND.....you tell it soooooo good. I think if I had the choice i would watch the first couple tapes and maybe just maybe watch the first future tape. but after that i won?t because then it would change my view on life and the experiences with it so yah. lol GREAT VIDEO BTW IM SOOO SUBSCRIBING !!!
Blockbuster was the shit, I miss is :(
The guy in your yoga class may have been practicing lions breath
I remember always trynna sneak into the 18+ area in Blockbuster because a friend told me there was games and candy inside
THIS IS PERTINENT TO THE STORY
Cancelled
going into blockbuster was paradise ?? having an endless selection or movies and games
Conspiracy theory idea, Dude who survived Las Vegas shooting died in the California bar shooting. Fate?
yess bisss blockbuster was my hobby. hahah I used to spent hours there but it was funn I guess now you spent hours in your bed waiting to see which Netflix series or movie you'll watch. But that's boring. hahaha I didn't like Lalaland either I have tried watching it several times and I have fallen sleep.
I freaking love banana milk. Being on JK must be fueling distractions from the main topic lol. You belong there
You’re such a good storyteller. I’ll be getting ready for work listening to your channel lol I love it!
also, i hated la la land. it was the worst.
Subscribe and watch my recent and I’ll do the exact same to you!! ??
CAN YOU PLEASE TEACH THIS WHITE GIRL HOW TO USE FUCKING CHOPSTICKS?!?!?!? :'( :'( (lol)
PPUUURRRRRFECT~~~~~~~
what is the name of the movie?
you need more subscribers people should know about Stephanie Soo
Yaaasss BISSHHH
Stephanie you're a great actor love my comment please ??
But what about Mama Mia??
N.E LETS EAT
Lala land was soooo boring
?????? ??????? yes I know blockbuster ??
I don't like la la land either. The visuals are great but I don't like musicals either. Like I love frozen and animated things like that but I agree that it's so cringe when they just go back to talking after they just burst out singing.
I would stop from dvd nr1 cuz I would be so creeped out!! Am too careful
FUCK
THE
i agree with you lalaland rant ?? love the soundtrack but not the movie
Omg i also hate Lala land I hated the ending ugh
who else find her annoying ??
I can't take it anymore!! Every comercial that plays on your videos is a tai lopez 17minute one!!! I dont know if I love you enough to watch and not skip them biss :D
Ya I think blockbuster and redbox are the same thing it always in front of like Walgreens also love u steph
So is blockbuster like Redbox
Bissssss What’s the name of the movie?? Somebody help!!
The tempura ring box ??????????
its oke i dont like la la land either
love this biss
i just tried the bold thing for the first time too sis lmao
Where’s the Stefiancé marriage proposal storytime at though?
I hav Cancer.......
Damn that's like a goosebumps story this was such a good video lmao
If you want to see what he looks like go to her other channel miss mangbutt
What the name of the movie you were talking about were all looking for it
Don't EVER skip episodes!
#Stephanie soo where did you buy your water bottle??
please omg can someone tell me the name of the movie she was talkin abt
what’s the movie called tho?
I hate lala land too
This is more of a talkshow than a mukhang. Shes done more talk than eat.
This is a test for commenting in bold Edit 1: This doesn't work Edit 2: Oh nevermind I just came back from a YouTube tutorial on this
OMG I THOUGHT IM THE ONLY ONE THAT HATES LA LA LAND
DONT MISS ANY EPISODES
Good story.xx :-)
Nothing good ever comes with messing with that bc then you want things to happen that way so bad or you work towards it not happening so bad it happens bc you already know it’s gonna happen it’s messing with bad karma that’s why you live every second as it comes
1000000000% agree about kid mukbangs
yess I finally learned how to comment in bold HAHAHA thank you!!
My dream is to eat with you tbh
wow
Only true fans use the word biss, lol myself included
I enjoy the videos but I really can’t take your chopstick skills lol ?? it bothers me so much. Idk why
I would've never even watched those movies ??
lala land sucks
The company releasing those tapes would be for profit prisons ??
Lmfao the perfect rectangle
Is this video making you Hungry? 0.0
have you guys ever wanted to right a comment but didn't know what to say so you just didn't say anything
Was this a real story?
I do like cup ramen lmao!
Can you mention where exactly you get these dishes so a sis can go and buy some for herself??
I love the little noise Stephanie makes when she stuffs her face, and it’s really good ????
WHAT IS THE NAME OF THE MOVIEEEEE
Blockbuster??
What is the movie called?? I'm going crazy looking for it :(
i think the lady died because she got too curious and obsessed about watching the tapes, because she was so obsessed about watching #9, THAT led her to her doom. If she just let it go and shrug not being able to watching #9 she would've been fine and wouldn't end up going to jail. Like they always say; "curiosity killed the cat".
the fire breathing dragon guy from yoga bit made me nearly spit out my milk tea all over my keyboard
What movie is this I’m so interested !!! Love your videos steph !!!
Tanggang!!??????
35:55 VW anyone? No? Haha sorry
I think number 9 was the current time for the women and that she was living through number 9, so mabye it was rented because she's in it
I ended up making dukbokki and pork belly for dinner just because I watched your video from yesterday and this one. Satisfied! :)
?? hi
Honestly, you’re the only mukbang channel I watch ??
I HAVENT EVEN SEEN LA LA LAND BISSH ??
Love how your fiancee is so open to eating with you with anything.
Am I the only person going crazy because I can’t find the film she’s talking about???
Bruuhhhh I just realized that you don’t even need music to make your videos exciting because your personality is so entertaining lol
Girl where in k town ?? ????????
Does anyone know what the film is? Thank you’ also love you biss, your stories and mukbangs are my favorite ??
I don’t like cup ramen because of the taste of the cup lol
testing
Can we seeee stephiance when u hit 500k:):):)
seriously spicy rice cakes are my fav and that looks sooooo good!!
Been googling the name of the movie T_T Can't find it. Help!
Where do you get this at!! I live in cali and i really want to try this!
what movie???!!!!
* says that Captain America is gonna survive * Gurllll you about to be shook..
girls singing doesn't happen in real life but when animals sing it's somehow realistic ????????????
just wanted to watch infinity war for the first time after this vid like i love you but pls put a spoil disclaimer before you gonna spoil something bihhhh
“she got bags under her eyes and they are not designer”????DEAD
lol
Lol the beginning tho she is so funnnny i love this challenge
what was the movie called?
*fav
Fan mukbanger
I’m crying... when you rolled your eyes so hard to your fiancé at the end. LITERALLY ME when my boyfriend doesn’t agree with me ...??
She could have just asked them to hold it,
Elon musk stepped down
I tasted it before and It was so spicy lol
But what is the movie tho?
I also wen to Yupdduk LA but girl the mild for me was way too spicy and I actually do spicy.
I really want to try some!!! But I don’t know anywhere near where I live where I can buy some.????
I KNOW WHAT BANANA MILK SONG YOU'RE TALKING ABOUT. and honestly the story kinda spooked me but that's also bc I'm a scaredy cat asdfgh.
i love the lights in the background stephanie! ??
that looks really freaking good. i mostly wanna try the fried veggies ??
I'm not on board with kid Mukbangs because they're so awkward to watch. Also, there are some channels where you can clearly see which child is their parent's favorite. It makes me feel so bad. Especially when they're all together and one kid just sits there silently because the other is the center of attention. ??
Kid asmr is a bit iffy but mukbang is just eating
omg this creeped me tf out
biss the lights are so beautifuuul im tellin you biss you are so good at this
Actually I did not like it too. I could not watch it till the end.
Omg where did you get the poor tuna rice bowl? That’s everything I want now.
You should travel to korea and have a food tour
When I'm reading a book. I always read the last page. I have to know if it ends happy before I actually read it.
please what is the name of this movie???
bold strikethrough underscore
Loving the twinkles in the back ground Biss! Xoxo
No think because she changed her future, destiny self corrected itself and put her in a no future scenario!
Am i the only one thats says the intro with her ?????? i love you bishhh
I'm convinced that mr mango butt is really marshmellow that's why we cant kno him
Queen of slut nation
Omg Steph you're so close to 500k????
Are those raw tuna or like canned tuna?
shrek the musical is an undefeated musical
I hate lalaland too you're not alone
I love this!
i’ve been wanting to try rice cakes but there are no places to get it around where i live :( and i live an hour away from LA so no one will go with me that far lol
I've always wanted to know 2 things from her: 1. Whats her lip product?! The color is so pretty also it stays on the lip forever istg 2. Whats that pink donut thingy at the back seriously tell me?!!!
How is she not at 1 million subscribers yet all you bisses need to subscribe
Funniest yoga story! ?????? I would have died laughing ??????
That was a crazy story omg ??
???? ???? ?? ?? ????
I study in a film academy and trust me la la land is real shit
Without watching the video go to 12:28 ?????????????? I'M GONNA DIE ????
Next March design “THIS IS PERTINENT TO THE STORY” ????
I love that the milk says low fat milk meanwhile this biss is eating pure carbs ??????
ive never watched lalaland ??
This was a creepy story ugh! Glad BlockBuster is closed lol I used luv that place, they had a lot of weird video's.
Stephanie you’re so dramatic when telling a story .. I love it ????????????????
I would not want to know at all when or how I die. Butttttttttt gun to head I'd choose how bc knowing when I die would give me a heart attack bc then it's like I'm just waiting for the day. If i know how then at least I can dodge the paranoia of it. I would be upset if i knew when i was gna die and it was like within a year or something.
LMAO I hated la la Land too. ??
I also hate when they start prancing around singing!????
This looks so good! Which restaurant is this from?
Bisssssss! You gotta film a Persian food mukbang!!
Lol, i never comment but I have to this time. Anybody realize that Stephiance had 1st egg then he asked Steph if she wanted the 2nd egg, Steph said it was still steaming so “can you put it outside” then continue with her story. Stephinace end up picking up the 2-half of the 2nd egg. ?????? i just think that is so cute!!!! :))))))
She always laughs at his broken English lol You're gonna born
Imagine if Stephanie’s fiancée turned out to be dong from keemi
What do you put in your counter to make it sparkle like that?
YES!!!! I love when steph speaks Korean!!! ????
I didn't like La La Land either, it was boring af. Most overrated movie of the past decade tbh
Is it weird that am 17 and I used to go blockbuster like all the time lol??????
By the way Capitan America can die in the next movie, because Chris didnt sign the contract
wait omg i'm the same tho i cannot go watch a movie at the theatre if i hate the ending kjabsdfkjbagkbja
bisss, what is the film?
Takes me almost an entire day to finish your video when you upload ??
Yeah lala land sucked
this was such a good storytime bissss
And im sitting here eating a hit pocket???? it’s still kinda fire tho??
HOW IS SHE SO THIN JAKCKSSK skfkskakak
hi
I think this all happened because she watched the tapes and couldn't let go :-|
??? ?? ??? ??????!!!???
i used to go to blockbuster ALL the time and i’d never actually rent anything i’d just walk around looking at all the DVDs
What’s better,that guy who eats with you or food?
Hi I love your videos! There I comment in bold ;)
I just noticed the pretty lights on your right background I love them ??
BISH OMG!!!! I hate La La Land too!! I love you even more ????
She was gonna end that way or another. She did not altered the future or what, it was her future to skip the episodes. It was her future to do all that so that the video can come true. Love your video, sm.
The whole situation would have been solved if Chloe had told the people working at the Blockbuster to call her when the ninth DVD comes in and put it on hold for her, without ever watching the later DVDs
Gorilla sound and rectangle mouth ?????????? man im crackin up like siiiit
Girl you need to refer to another successful person other than Elon Musk??????
????LMFAOOOOO ”Don’t skip episodes”
Hey Stephanie! I have recently just started watching you and I can’t stop!! Your stories are always so interesting and your food always looks so great!! I’m glad I found your channel!!! Keep up your amazing work!!! Thank you <3
What's this movie?
I think everyone’s destiny is death and I would know rather know when I die that how I die
like disssss
Steph... What date is your birthday date this month?
You are sooo underrated???
PLEASE DO A UNDER COVER FAN PAGE ??
either she would hv to deal with her fiance walking out on her if not a bigger problem came her way....it only got worse
I didn't like LaLa Land either. It was so dang slow haha.
gurl same! i thought la la land was mediocre. i went to see it with a friend whom i thought was enjoying it but as it turned out he hated it more than i did lmao we could’ve just seen another movie then
Peed myself laughing at the yoga story
Your videos always manage to put a smile on my face even when I'm the crankiest. I'm currently busy with my finals... so i may or may not have been watching your videos EVERYDAY now... ??
YES, I WILL MARRY YOU
I'mma trigger some people.... Our BISS is CANCELLED ????
The way you are describing the man's breathing it seems like he was doing "dragon breathing." We teach kids to do it to get out excess energy and to "breathe out bad emotions."
I dislike kid mukbangs/Asmr channels, I hate them so much honestly, they’re too young and it’s dangerous on the internet. I honestly think you shouldn’t be able to post videos if you’re under 15.
I miss blockbuster
I think some kid mukbangs are cute but I kind of feel like a perv watching some little kid that's not mine
please do your fiance's face reveal!
I have a feeling I know who Steph doesn’t Stan. That particular mukbang family ??????
but how come the girls that she overheard in the bus that also watched it didnt die????!!?!! so many questionsssss
Tbh I think more of the people watching kids mukbangs more than the kid doing it.
When she started telling the yoga story about the guy making noises when he breathed out, THIS is all I could thing about ... https://youtu.be/HsvyjePPFRs
Tbh I didn't like La La Land either :/
I hate musicals too. And I hated La La Land. ??
12:53 creepiness
I'm actually not a fan of little children mukbangs... not even because of the parent and business relationship but because adults can consent to eating such large amounts of food and accept the consequences but its so unhealthy for children to do so... In other news... THOSE RICE CAKES LOOK BOMB AF
Can I Call You Stephie
STEPHANIE
steph: I am a full blown korean mukbanger stephiancé: but you are a- korean mukbanger nervous laugh
"Anytime o drink it with white People" bisj you mean Americans. Stop acting like all white people speak only English. I swear, Americans are all about that casual racism...
I HATE kid mukbangs.
I have the same opinion on musicals ??
that don't you leave me moment almost killed me ??????
after hearing stephiance speak chinese im suddenly curious about how stephs intros would sound in chinese xDD
PleaSssseeeeeeeeeeeee keep ur distance drom the camera like this foreve
Oh my god I haven't watched mommytang in a while
"don't skip episodes." I felt that
that banana flavor in the milk comes from isoamyl acetate. i just did the experiment to make that last week lol
im pretty sure i know which one you dont like, it must be Mak, that red head girl, i find her extremely uncomfortable, i feel like alot of her subscribers are pedos and it creeps me out
i believe in destiny so yaaa all ways takes you to that last point or if your destiny is to be in that place you will be either youre a murderer or a police officer for example?
A mukbang video with David So and just speaking Korean to each other would be awesome ??
IM SO PISSED IM NOT EATING THAT RIGHT NOW
lmao theres so many ppl in the comments asking what the movie is ugh i wanna know too
this is pertinent to the story that should be a T-shirt ????
I think it’s because she altered it
did she just spoiler me black panthers death
"Gorilla Noises" ????
when she said the milk reminds her of a song, I thought she would sing Power Up by RedVelvet.........
LOVE YOU
i remember blockbuster... my mom used to work there and once brought me home a hello kitty vhs movie, and i loved that movie so much i hid that shit in my bed LOL
I fucking hated Lala land it was SO BORING! I usually stick a film out to the end, but I had to turn it off lol.
BISHH WE NEED MORE RICECAKE MUKBANG
I thought I was the only one who didn't like La La Land!
Right after infinity wars ended, I checked IMDb to see who was listed in the cast for the next movie. Everyone is back. Worst. Kept. Secret. Ever ??
Bisss I was born in 2002 and I remember those vhs players
I absolutely agree with you about kids mukbangs, those videos really piss me off. They simply are not capable to give an informed consent because they don't know what it really means to them and the possible outcomes. They are not doing it for money, I highly doubt that they do it for pleasure, they're just doing what their parents ask them to do. Those parents really need to think twice before putting their young kids on social media, especially mukbangs, it's feeding into pedophile culture.
i missed stephiance!!
"Don't skip the episode" omg so true Stephiance. once i skip even only one episode of every dramas i watched, im just gonna stop. i don't even finish them until i get to watch the episode im supposed to watch ??
I love you queeeeen ??
Gosh the cheese looks so good!
Is that a movie she talked about? And if yes does someone know it’s name ?
Lala land sucks honestly
I dont know have you seen yummybitesTV, not just having they kids (teen) to do mukbang regularly, but it really bother me when I saw they try to get their 7yr artistic kid to do mukbang... not cool
what is the movies name?
sameeee...i'm not a fan of Lalaland!!!
The whole time I was just staring at Stephanie's big ass chopsticks. ????
For my sanity can someone give me the name of the movie she was describing??
WHERE DO YOU FIND SUCH GOOD STORIES STEPH?!?!
I’ve noticed that Stephanie doesn’t know how to hold chopsticks properly
how is stephanie talking with all of that yummy food in front of her.... is she crazy? my mouth is watering.
I love your videos Steph! but the crime and horror stories are almost in every video, maybe sharing some different stories? ??
Great start, sis??????????
I Hate lalaland xDxDxD
I need those lights on your counter , it’s so mesmerizing
Omggg what’s the movies name? I want to watch it
I like the lights on the counter
Kids mukbangs is good for kids... Cause a lot of kids don't like to eat or don't want to because a lot of reasons... Not good ones. And i think when kids see other kids eat it makes them wanna eat
Cancelled
too much talking tsssss
500k all the way soon???
i don’t like it when humans are singing HAHAHAHAHAHAHA
I haven't watch the greatest showman
Don't worry I don't like la la land and high school musical
Im 15 btw love your video's though you always have me dying in laughter
Steph should do a mukbang entirely in Korean and add subtitles for us bisses who don't understand. Just a kdrama and kpoplover speaking ??
what.. Chloe in Japan? I'm scared :(
Did anyone realise she changed the thumbnail
Can anyone link the story to me about the woman
I agree with your hubby if she would have waited for nine and not skipped then she would have been okay but since she skipped it she fucked her life up.
*what I commented this hearing stephiance said on how to type in bold and it does not work. I am too dumb for internet
Is this from YuppDuk ? I think that’s what it’s called
I so agry with you on lala land... I couldn't go through the half of it... I even thought about giving it a second chance but I just don't like "musical" (unless it's a thriller)... Maybe it's one of those movies where you either love it or hate it
Thought she was going to sing 'Power Up' by Red Velvet
bitch are you those kind of people who watch the endings first and skip all the plots and suspense? CANCELLED UNSTAN ssksjdksjds
lol that movie you were talking about reminds me of the Truman show
The tapes altered her future. The missing episode was on purpose and thus her end was inevitable. That's my thought. Honestly though, I thought she was in jail cuz she killed the boyfriend or something.
I hate Lalaland too, it's so boring. But I love High School Musical still.
I hate Harry Potter
Love yah steph!!
I didn't like la la land either... dont understand the hype
I’m dying to try this dish !! ?? but I live in South Africa and can’t seem to find anything similar. I even tried to make my own from one of your videos but don’t think i got it right because of the ingredients ?? But a bisss makes me hungry x
hey, I recently saw a spicy challenge called the Culley's hottest ramen challenge, it is supposed to be the spiciest in the world. they said it was hotter than the 2x. maybe check out the videos to see if that is something that you would try???
Hi Stephanie, I've never really commented before, but just wanted to say thank you for everything you post on both of your channels. Your videos are the best part of my day, I turn them on when I need to smile or just to feel less alone. You're always there. Keep making great videos, and making people smile. Love ya bisss ??
oh mai watching ur vids everyday has actually made me a happier person!!!
Soooo trueee about the musicals!! hahaha
Your intro lol ??????
I think the number nine DVD with her waiting outside the store for the DVD to come to the store but since she never saw it she didn’t understand in the moment that she was living out DVD number nine
LMAOOOOOOO THE GUY BREATHING OUT LIKE THAT HAS ME DEAD
I THOUGHT I was the only one who hated lalaland holy shit , and the thing is I LOVE musicals but Lalaland was the most boring musical/movie I’ve EVER SEEN I NOW FEEL MORE CONNECTED TO U BISSSS
She said ..umm I'm busy right now and looked like..ummm TF!! ????
Bis you need to cook more then mukbang I miss those
I also didn't like la la land!! Definitely unpopular opinion
lmaoo am i the only one that notices steph switching her chopsticks
like if you want me to email her a story of my mother's plus my 2 brothers and i life, she had passed when I was 16 tho so this is just memories of what ive been told plus grandmas memorization 0n it but it's how me and my 3 brothers all have weird father stories oldest who father had died and been adopted never met, one who had died and who got murdered while my brother was their and finally one who was a physco abusive stalking kidnapping father.
You're so pretty and funny ? new subscriber here!
The story is from japanese ???????? xD
Since you like xiaolongbao so much. Here is how to make a giant dumpling! https://youtu.be/dA2MzbrXcAQ
Him: Does your mom tell you not to play with your food? LMFAOO I ALMOST DIED AT THAT QUESTION LOL ??
I have so much love for you guys. Wish I could fly my ass over there and eat with you. Completely agree with you about kids doing mukbang. Lost my mind laughing about the yoga guy! ??????
"The bigs black blox." ~quote by Stephanie Soo, describing a vhs player (2k18) @ 13:59 like what is english ??????
What's the movie though?
Stephanie Soo is that BISS ???? for the best mukbangs with BOMB ASS storytimes
Steph's goal in life is to get the perfect cheese-pull! LOL
<3
You're right about the ramen. Cup ramen is only 1 serving. The packages are usually 2 servings worth.
You should try Turkisch food! Its SO GOODD!!??
Was it just me that was staring at that one mozzarella stick that looked like a pimple?
Where can I buy myself this dish?!?
Omg mommy tang I miss her. I never knew what happened to her.
You made me laugh with the yoga story
@40:38 Stephanie - "Well you know me, I gotta make this boy's dreams come through" LMAOOO????
Stephanie is my favourite mukbanger of all time ?
This story was so interesting ??????
I dnt like it either!!!
I dnt like it either!!!
I heard u said potato milk I think????
id just watch the last DVD episode to know the ending then leave the rest of the episodes out and just watch how my life progresses to get to that final episode
Yoga in America is incredibly Americanized lol Most classes make people think yoga is an exercise, but its not. Flexibility and strength is just a benefit of doing yoga, its meant for you to access a deeper part of the self.
PLS STOP SAYING BANANA SO MANY TIMES HAHAHAHAHAH, I cannot help it but think about Power Up, Red velvet's song and sing it myself... It's 6:35 in the morning, my mom is going to kill me HAHAHAHAHAH
Omgosh bisss this looks damn yummy!! Great video!! Much love ?????
She shouldn't have followed that lady clearly that will land you in jail. He's right don't watch the ending without seeing everything else.
TESTING
I don't like lala land too....
I know which kid mukbanger you hate lol bc I’ve seen her and i think exactly the same thing
Stephanie is me while trying to tell a story ?? I tell like 6 unrelated stories before I actually tell the one that I'm suppose to tell ???????
IVE NEVER SEEN STEPHANIE SO CLOSE TO THE CAMERA WITH HER FOOD LOL BISSSS YASSSSS FLAWLESSS!! <333
???????? Stephanie's reaction to the man who was breathing like a gorilla in yoga had me weak ??
I don’t like la la land either!
Breathe in through the nose, breathe out through the mouth Stephanie: AHHHRRRRRR
*just trying to type in bold
whats the name of the show/movie
What movie is that?
The yoga guy sounds like a vaccum cleaner ????
YAAAAS BIIIIIIISSSSSSSS this was the video I needed. I am taking those lil rice cakes outta my freezer as soon as I get home from this trip and spicing them right up!
Love u????????
Banana milk sounds so bomb and I love your videos ??
Does anyone know the name of this movie?
yo i feel the same about the kid mukbangs, it makes me feel weird
She was living episode 9
you should totally do a mukbang in korean!
the zoom-ins BISS IM DEAD ??
I agree.did not lke lala land i miss blockbuster and rogers videos love all ur videos and stories
WOAHHHHHH BISSSSSHHHH! New lights in the back?! Didn’t even notice it til 20 mins in, but hella cute??
What movie is dis?????
I would’ve watched the next tape before confronting the boyfriend to see if it gets better first before changing everything tbh
Bissss!!! can you please start listing in the description what restaurant(s) you get that good good from? bc I live in LA and I want some too ?????
I feel the same about children mukbangs and never watch them. I don't feel comfortable with children overeating especially :S
Today I saw Stephiance in my dream but now I can’t recall his face ??
The little kid mukbangs are cringey AF. I’m a mother of two little girls who are 4 and almost 3 and I would NEVER exploit them like that. Don’t get me wrong some kids just have IT* That star factor; born to entertain or whatever but idk. I just feel like it’s more the parent forcing them, taking advantage of the child’s innocence and liking of YouTube.
Steph where is this from in ktown??????
ripped the front of the container off to get the shot _
I hate kids doing mukbangs or asmr. I think it's too weird specially since the internet is a weird place and everyone who thinks it's okay is just blind. Like have you seen the cop asmr lifewithmak made? That shit is so wrong, I would never allow that sort of stuff with my kids in it be out there if I were a parent
Anyone knw the movie title
“Captain America is gonna live” Ugh probably not and it’s fucking depressing T^T
YAAASSSS BISS. Currently eating samyang carbo fire noodles, rice cakes, w/cheese watching this video.
She should have rewatched tape 8
that "oi" when she dropped the ddeok in the beginning LOL
Omfg I went to a hot yoga session one time and there was a guy who literally did the same exact thing as your yoga guy LOL I’m still shook afff
Please do the Chiong Sisters and Paco Larranaga story in the Philippines
Omg when you mentioned Mommy Tang I got so sad since she hasn't posted a video in like 2 years
Bisss you look on fleek
Giiirrrlll! I love musicals/Broadway and I hated La La Land hahaha it was too hyped tbh so you good we all can be cancelled! Lol jk
Stephanie you should do a video topic on the comfort women back in World War 2!
I usually dislike coming of age movies too, except for John Hughes movies
I DIDN'T KNOW BLACK PANTHER DIED
The kid channels are for kids to watch lol my niece is not allowed to watch adults because you never know what an adult is gonna say
pertinent.. drink upppp :D
Blockbuster was amazing! Do you remember Hollywood Studios? Same concept if you have never heard of it. They're all closed down; it made me so sad! :(
Could u start putting where u get the food lol?
I feel a Kpop Superstar coming from you, the Mukbang/ Story telling/ drama/ superstar.... THAT IS SO UNIQUE, JUST LIKE YOU....
Stephiance's voice at the end is ??
HEYY BISSSS ?? you should do a cook with Stephanie
Idk if any one else does this but my family slices bananas and put them literally in milk and sugar. That's how I imagine that taste like. Sounds delicious!!!!
I love the ending you guys are so cute
Am I the only one who wonders of her fiance gets turned on realizing how much food she can fit in jer mouth!!???
Guys it is not a good idea to watch when ur fussing starving????????
I think it was fate all along. because why would she just one-day stubble upon her own life story. Obviously, she was meant to find it and watch. Why else would the 9th video be missing? It was not was supposed to be found if jail was her fate. ??
“Cheese mozzarella sticks” bis really lol
I like the way she say banana ??
you're my nightly get in bed and watch you ritual.. that sounds creepy but i like it like dat.. hahahaha <3 bissssss i love ya.. you gotta say banana milk like a korean "panana..." lol
Don't worry, i couldnt even finish lala land and fell asleep throughout the movie. I don't get the hype with that movie and i heard the most popular song from the movie and it sucked..haha
I miss blockbusters! Ahhhhh...miss those days lol <3
haha I didn’t know to comment in bold either
The food looks so good ?? Also I agree with the kid mukbang thing ?? Love you Steph! ?? ??
Stephanie, you're so good at story telling
I love how Stephiance said “You’re cancelled” ????
Where do you get banana milk?!????!
I'm so jealous of all of the delicious food you get to eat!!!
Where did you get this??!! I need to know?!?
What does your fiancé mean with “vhs is before my time”? Dude I’m almost 20 and I still have my favorite cartoons in vhs tapes...
I hate la la land too
no veggie no rolled LOL
Love your videos hugs
Cow would only be holy if jesus was a cow????
Stephhhhh pleaseeeee, I really am going to ask again. If you can please list the restaurant where you get thee dishes from. Pleeaasseeeee lmao ??
Y'all got me laughing throughout this whole mukbang the ending tho "Can I live my daydream life?"??
How old is Mrmangobutt??????
I always feel a little weirded out whenever I see little kids doing mukbang lol
so stephiance lasted doing the whole dun dun mukbang wooh intro for like, 1 episode :(
Ive been craving spicy rice cakes ??
Am I the only one who used to slipping the movies in those metal slots? When I was a little kid I would love doing that for my mom. Another fun fact I was scared of those Joker posters, and I remember my brother used to tease me about it.. XD
You look like a zombie eating intestines bis
this is fr my new favorite video from stephanie “aAHhHhHh” ??????????? LOL had me dying not even half way into the video
So what's the movie called?
TRUE LOVE IS WHEN HE GIVES YOU THE EGG ???
Omg you're so cute! I love youuu also hahahah ur obsession with cheese is life
Love ya bissss????
The intro steph ?? ?? ?? Luv u ?? ?
I bet my story of my life would be a time lapse of me sitting in front of my computer ??
Dat some crazy story yo. You know what I talking
*Hi *i *love *you *videos
???????
Stephanie make a podcastttttttttttttttt
i kinda really like how you start off with a story time that you were involved in then a conspiracy
2:00-2:06 I can't stop replaying??
Lol anybody else felt like she was dissing Veronia Wang when she said wannabe Korean mukbangers or just me?
Yes!! I love this!! Looks so good!! Your a queen!!
Did
What the fffffff
I love your videos! You're just so chill and outgoing, but were exactly do you get your stories from? They're so interesting always leave me thinking.... Please let me know thanks in advance ????
If i live in Houston, where can i get Korean food??? Watching you makes me want to try spicy rice cakes sooo bad
Been watching you for a few weeks now and love your videos. Love the stories and I literally look forward to watching your videos at the end of the day. You make me crave korean food so bad. I don’t get to eat it as much since I don’t live near my mom anymore ??
is the story true story?
She’s asian but she can’t use her chopsticks right????
Maybe thats how yoga is.... AHHHHH
WAIT WHAT!!!
What brand of banana milk are you drinking?
????????????????????????
I love you Stephanie, but there is 2.5 servings in a ramen package and the cup noodles are supposed to be one serving. ;)
I understand what you are saying about the kids mukbangs. I just think it’s weird to put kids to eat on camera? Like you said they don’t know what’s going on. But if some parents get profit out of it they don’t mind exploiting they’re children to creeps on the internet. Anyways I love you bisssss
I love how you act like you're not a real Korean mukbanger?? you are though
who else wants to know what movie this is ??
anyone know the name of the movie she's talking about?
What movie is this ?
Omg she is iPhone she skips number 9 lol
whats the title of the jap movie pls
I don’t like Aubrey the little girl when she mukbang I feel like she is being forced sorta
WHEEEERE in ktown can i GET THIS ??
food looks so good
LALA LAND IS NOT THAT GREAT
WHERE IN KTOWN IS THE TTEOK FROM ??
Biss
what is the title of the story
She was so going to end up in jail, she probably would have killed her fiancé and his baby mamma
PLEASE what movie is the story about
Kid
I don’t like them but I thought you were a ??
choosing stephanie over my homework ??
Can you do a Japanese food mukbang? ??
WHAT MOVIE
I’m hungry after eating so much I should not be watching this
The lights in the back look so cute!!!?
testing out bold print Edit: It works! ??
Hey bis ! You should do chinese food sometime
Lmfao I don’t think I could ever get my hubby to do yoga with me
Hey Stephanie are you going to do a part to the story you told a few days ago about the girl who ran away from home
This story was soooo good! ! ! ! ! ! !
What restaurant is the tteobokki from??
*bold lol
Hey bis ! You should do chinese food sometime
Does anyone know what movie she is talking about???
Omgggggg am I so old that I didn't need an explanation of what blockbuster was???? And it was during my time! Lol
only asians would know the struggle of trying to pick up a rice cake with chopsticks
Where in LA did you get the food at?
Steph you are a Korean mukbanger you’re the best bb ??
FINALLY!!!! LALALAND SUCKS SO HARD!!!!
I knoww you talkin bout the candoosLOL
WHAT STORY IS THAT HUHUHU I NEED TO READ IT TOO
The twinkle lights in the background are super adorable
oohhh bisss thanks stephfiance for telling me how to bold wordsss
when he says "banana milk?" she just said "yea" and just continued on XD dead
Why am I late? Sleep ??
What's the name of the movie?
I've never had rice cakes before. looks so good!
Omg young kids doing mukbangs are weird! I think I know which girl your talking about! It totally creeped me out when I saw her eating those rice cakes! Like come on! Gross and totally exploitative!!!
BA BANANA BA BA BA NA NA NA BA BANANA BA BA BA NA NA NA
*bisss
Im looking for the story everywhere! Stephanie please tell me what its called !!!
Stephiance! You do you boo! Do your “dun dunnn “ “ woo!” HEHE dont change for anyone else ! ???? i love you both , always??
I loved thiiiissss ??
I used to love going to Blockbuster! ???
Isn't it cause that worker guy's action told her it was the 9th dvd? Or it was the 9th episode to whatever that murdered lady got and She just wasn't specific in when she asked if that lady just rented it out? But I mean if she was waiting there for days after returning hers, wouldn't the employees know what she wanted and be able to give a clear answer if that was the DVD she was waiting for? That part threw me off!
omg im hungry, those rice cakes look amazing! ??????
I dare you to love this comment
Finally someone who dislikes la la land
Bisss i don't wanna know how i die or when i die????
Mommytang is Coming Backkkkk! ??
Lala land SUCKED. I really didn’t enjoy it either.
AAHH I NEED TO KNOW WHAT MOVIE THIS IS
I wanna watch that movie so bad now wtf
Like I love NE Let's Eat and her kids cause they seem to actually enjoy eating and talking in front of a camera. While like channels that have toddlers or babies eat normal adult food, it concerns me since I'm a nutrition major and like the little toddlers or kids should not be eating spicy ramen and high carb foods that have such strong flavors, since they're growing they should be introduced to neutral healthy foods. Since they're so young and it can develop into bad eating habits for when they become older. Like at times you can tell the parents are kinda forcing them to try trendy foods, but it's really harmful to the kid's diet
Biss please
ooohhh a bis got faNCY LIGHTS
YOU SHULD DO A MEGA MUKBAG 2x THE AMOUNT YOU NORMALLY EAT
Block buster and family video we’re my life as a child
YESSS IVE BEEN WAITING FOR THIS MUKBANG I LOVE YOUUUUU??
I definitely think she altered her future when she broke up with her boyfriend.
Why didn’t she just rent all of them at the same time like boom ya gotta catch em all
I got these weird sweet potato infused rice cakes with mozzarella cheese inside...I feel like i should make them now...
I don't like kid asmr is just weird even at 13
Come for the Mukbang, stay for the Conspiracy
* Your videos are literally in my night time routine????
I wish I could do a mukbang with her and remember when your scared ?? just breathe like a gorilla
Omg I hate musicals so much! Everyone always gives me crap about hating musicals but I find them so boring.
wait why didnt she rewatch dvd 8 since she altered her future that tape would have been different
Nice!! I never knew how to do this!! ??
Where can I watch the movie you are talking about? I am so interested to watch the movie:D
I just want to know, WAS SHE WATCHING THIS SERIES WHEN BLOCKBUSTERS ALLOWED YOU TO HOLD DVD'S!!?! CAUSE THEN BISS WHY DIDN'T SHE JUST HOLD IT THEN WAIT TO GET THE PHONE CALL THAT ITS BACK IN!!?!
That’s why there’s no more blockbuster. The doctor shut them down before madness descended upon us all.
I mean... how can you say it’s the best spicy rice cakes and not share where you got it from! haha I’m drooling
I always love your intros becuz my parents always look at me like I’m crazy when they hear your intros
I was thinking the same about the films than stephfiance!
Lol I hope that we both hate the same girl mukbanger ??????
Ugh I'm salivating ??????
I have made it my goal in life to try cheesy rice cakes.
If it were possible to know the future, I wouldn't want to know
As soon as she said “she’s too young to consent” I already knew who she was talking about
I don’t like la la land either.... I also don’t like the greatest showmen??
Where did you get all of this? Like what store bc this looks hella bombbbb
I had such a bad day at school with a teacher today but seeing ur upload makes me happy
yaaassss LUV U STEPHANIEEEEE!!
you're cancelled jkk i love you steph <3
Why... am I ALWAYS LATEEEEE
Yummy!!!!!!
Where did you get those bomb looking tteokbokki? My ass is about to drive to K-town and devour them!!!
i guess her ending is in the jail.if she not change her future she might kill her fiance or that pregnant women. thats my opinion. lol. btw love your videos stephanie. i wantch it every time i want to eat.????????
okay i didn't like La La Land either BUT i FREAKING LOVED The Greatest Showman!
I love your story time steph
I hate kid mukbangers, specially when they're too young to know what they're doing because there are some weird people out there...
I live in La too, I WANNA MEET YOUU
You know jeffree star omgggg
def not into kid mukbangs
You are so funny I love you ??????????
Lol I absolutely loved this
Muita fome !
I want to try that place!????
canceled
I love your vids but is it just me or does she always has a story from japan china or a place like that?
I don't care for Lala Land either, but love the actors and actresses
I literally watch you everyday! You get me thru the week ??
omg rice cakes it’s been so long
did she get this from yupdduk?
i’m here!!!! miss me cause i missed your dun dun mukbang ????
Did she already decorate for Christmas cause I Stan
Omg yasssss i love spicy rice cake !! Love your daily uploads !
Oh my gawd!! My brother invited me to yoga and that was my first and last class! He was a mouth breather and I COULD NOT TAKE IT lol
she’s so pretty ????
I love your channel it's the best thing I discovered in a while! ????
All he got out of it is don't skip episodes. Lol!!!
hah
omg you watch mommytang too?!
I wish we were irl friends, we would have soooooo many food dates!!! ??
i hate kids mukbang and asmr omg...
This is pertinent to the story!!!
Kinda reminds me of Soumatou Kabushiki Gaisha
Stick too this shistar steph you tell good scary stories
Haha I know why she went to jail !!
ME TOO SIS * Gets Cancelled*
“Don’t you ever leave me”??????
Where’d you buy this? I’ve been looking for a place in la to buy it!
Where did you buy that tteokbokki???
Would you consider having Mango and Tiger do a mukbang? I like dogs mukbang. Only if they agree obviously.
K, Stephiance has ASMR worthy voice, it's like deep and sounds manly. I also really love his Chinese. :)
What movie is this
I really wanna be friends with stephanie so i can get good food :p
Who else thought steph was gonna sing ba banana ba ba banananana from red velvet power up?
i love you sooooo much
I feel so close
I think she changed her fate when she broke up with him.
damn that ICONIC performance in the beginning of the video.. grammy worthy
How does Stephanie eat the messiest food ever and not get her makeup dirty or her clothes. But I’m over here eating a damn chicken nugget and after one bite I have grease all over my face and my shirt ??
bisssss, u always eating good. aspiring to be like u.
A bisss be so classy
Omggggg! I love Emma Stone and Ryan Gosling so much, but I didn’t like La La Land at all! I found it so boring and I still don’t understand the hype behind it.
?
I hate lala land and musicals too! My best friend made me watch lala land and during it she was like "it's sooo good, right?!" I was like..."NO ??" lolol.
hey
I am new subscriber, and love how often you post. ????????????
I can never find good Korean food bc I live in a fricking VILLAGE in OHIO, I need to move
aw i never got the notif for this??
Good morning from the PH!!!
I hate lalaland SO MUCH
My sister and I say “biss” all the time cus of you lol and Stephiance did the “dun dun...woo” lol we were spoiled yesterday with him saying the whole thing
Oh my... I heard yupdduk is 5000 calories...
Unless you’re also a kid watching a kid do a mukbang I don’t really see why you’d want to watch a kid doing a mukbang in the first place.
Omg yammmmm ??????
Girl u need to give me the address where u get ur food cuz I love me some rice cake and I’m coming to LA soon so please tell me where u getting these food! Love u!
Please tell me where did u get the lights on your counter. I've been looking for light like these
I swear my day got better omg i loveee youuuuuui want to eat theis food too
I actually LOVE your Korean, you sound so pretty. Haha, love you bisss.
is this from Yup Duk? Looks delicious~~
I want stephiance in my tteokbokki Ahahaha (fully clothed for a handshake)
Biiiiiiiissss yeeeeess omg!!??
Steph always makes me sooo hungry omg
One day I will get to try this!!
I was just thinking about fried veggies
9:49 - 9:54 BISSS ????
I want to eat that. Also, LMFAOOO YOU'RE SO FUNNY STEPH. :'))
U know the food is good when stefiance can’t stop his chopsticks from getting the food every 3 seconds
BANANA MILK MY LOVE AHHH
I heard “??” from my favorite mukbanger’s channel ,so nice??
Bissssss I really want to try this ????????
YOUR CANCELED But yet again I never saw La La Land so...??????
Chloe was definitely going to jail one way or the other. If her man ran off with his side hoe. Maybe she would’ve went to jail doing something to them instead. I don’t want to know how I die or when. But I’d rather know when I’ll die. But what if you live your life knowing you’ll die on this day and you die doing something you would never do but did because you knew you were going to die that day? Like knowing all this is what got you killed? You feel me? Lol
I rather know when I die
You should do Jamaican foods ??
It happened because she changed the future ??
I’m hungry tbh .... I want pineapple BUT I LOVE UR STORY TIMES!!!!!!
I feel like some people enjoy mukbang in a sexual kind of way and a child mukbang makes me worried for the child’s life. I’m a parent and I wouldn’t allow it
I’m late ... but I made it haha
Notif on! ??
I just moved from Korean town to the valley and I miss hMart so much ??
Stephiance' is right. Never ever skip an episode.
HAHAHA BISSS WHEN YOU TALKED ABOUT RECTANGLE MOUTH YOGA GUY I DIED OMG HAHAHAHA
i it sooo rare for me to notice stephanie starts a sentence and not finish it.. “ that sound is tiger ?? itching himself and hitting the...” i don’t know why but i dying for some strange out of this world crazy ??
Ahh I missed you ty for posting????
Don't worry steph I also hate Lalaland... a couple minutes in I got bored already. I love the actors I just dont like the storyline. It was a DRAG.
That moment “dum dum” and you hear the fiancé’s voice and you know it will be a great video ????
Hii I'm a big fan
Is it just me or do they say so good SO MUCH still ly
I love Stephanie Soo BISSSSS?? love from N.C.
I literally want to sit and eat with you every day! I always watch your videos when I’m eating! ??????
I hate lalala land
Ooo I’m craving Korean rice cakes!!!??
This biss is slowly losing her mind. I love her.
Does anyone know what the story/movie about the girl who rents the DVD’s about her life is called?? Really interested in seeing/reading it
Oh shitttttttt yaaaaaaaaz
Yes queen
Youtube needs to step up their game because I never get any notifications anymore??
I love you biss
Same a few of these kiddie mukbangers set me off. ???
cutting the container... smart. <3 mukbang hacks
Hey biss my notifications have been off and I’m not living for it??
I think I saw the yoga man in your Instagram stories! I remember one in the back while you were drinking ??
????????
IM HERE BEFORE 1 HOUR AYUOIDFEAGHUOADHFUIHADF
Plot Twist : the DVDs were a social experiment ??
also the countertop behind is sparkling
sssss
I neeed to mf try spicy rice cakes smh
Ramen always tastes better in a cup #fact ??
Yas bish
My favorite people ??????
OMFG YES!!! BA NANANA BA NANANA WOOYOUUU!!! I KNOW WHAT YOU ARE TALKING ABOUT!!!!!
Can you do a story time about bad breakups ????
Hi
This is going to be good!!!
I also hate lalaland, I fell asleep watching it. It was so cringy and boring
Even when I have a horrible cold, you still make me laugh my badonkadonk off
OMFG YAS
i think im earlyyy yes
????
why does her food always look so good!!! Makes my cereal look like...well cereal XD (When you're a struggling college student)
OH MY FREAKING GOSH!!!! WE LOVE YOUR VIDEOS!!!! We get so into your stories we start talking about how we feel about them in our own mukbangs! Such a great YouTuber!!!
Im 38mins late huhu
Bissss your chopstick about to poke me thru the screen ????
That movie you talked about kind of gives me black mirror vibes
I freaaaaking love this bisssssss, she’s the reason why i try new foods! ??????
WHERE DID U GET THE BANANAS MILK
yessssssssssssssssssss RICEEE CAKESSSSSSSSSSS
34:18 you can hear someone stomach
Just got out of college and I see this, I’m happy
Kid mukbangs are cringey
i freakin love your videos now
The chipmunks voice suits her so much! And her adorable face ????????
I have a question WHY CANT I FIND ANOTHER MUKBANGER JUST AS EPIC AS YOU?!? Like your seriously the best mukbanger ever??
*het
The home of procrastination itself biss
Just wanted to take a second to recommend a case to look into... it’s the case of Lisanne Froon and Kris Kremers. It's such a bizarre and interesting unsolved case! ?? I very rarely comment on videos but I'm so intrigued by this case and just really curious on what you think about ??
Your my favorite mukbang biss
???? sound goes to a 100 from 10 then its 20 then a 80 then a 20 then a 120... My ears ???? #earphone user??. ????????I'm still here ily!
your bis is upgrading with the twinkle lights!! iloveit.
Hi love where did you get the food in Ktown? Would be nice if you could include the location of where you get your food in the description like Thien. Thanks again !
I love you Stephanie?????? also I was watching one of your mukbangs in class AND I WAS SO SCARED SOMEONE WAS GONNA SEE MY PHONE SCREEN OF YOU JUST SLURPING ON SOME NOODLES ??
blockbusterrrrrrrr...i loved that place. now its a gym :/
I like how Stephiance did all 3 (dun dun Mukbang woo) last time but he's back to two again (dun dun ... WOO) XD
Love your Mukbangsss
I LOVE YOUR VIDEOS??
I love you guys so much yo guys make me so happy ????????
I'm not a lalaland fan either
????????
LOVE YOU BISHHHHH
Me too i agree too young for doing youtube i dont like it..
Hey stephanie
wAtSoN sCoTt TeSt
I remember Blockbuster and Hollywood videos and I was old enough to rent one so that kind of tells my age.
wAtSoN sCoTt TeSt
Love watching you every morning ??
Today was a bad day but at least I could watch you????
Bisssss I love YOUUU!!!????
Biissshhh next time squeeze a little bit of lemon juice to the tuna rice and oh my worddd it’s truly life changing!!
I hate lalaland 2
honestly. like i said before, i wish other mukbangers would eat as quiet as you. MUCH LOVE ????
no homework and a new mukbang from Stephanie , can this day get any better ???? ?
one week ago i put on braces and since then i’ve been missing real food and the taste of it since i consume only mashed stuff and purée :(
Bisssssssssss I’m loving this dayummm video ??????
Bissssss giving me food and VISUALS!!!!!!
WE LOVE U
"Oh my god you lil robbing ass biss" ??
Where did she get all of that food from ???? I really want some. Someone tell me please. Lol
Stephanie wat happened to the Halloween mukbang????
ahhh OMg craving rice cakes now!!
Yoo I have been commenting on every video and I never get likes?? Bish can you please like my comment it would make my day??
Hello Stephanie, I watch your channel all the time and I never comment. But today I have to... First of all I love your channel and I enjoy your story time. Now there's one thing that you talked about that I totally totally agree with and I've been waiting for someone to say something about it. The Young mukbangers...I have seen kids under the age of 8 and I'm like really...to me it's sad and bad parenting! Especially once they start getting up in subscribers and the checks start rolling in I don't think that it is no longer what the kid wants to do is just oh we can make a living off this let's go. And I agree with you if they're 13 or 14 and under ish I just don't watch it I don't think that they fully understand what they're doing.
Yesss you’re the best! I always watch your videos while eating lunch, I love what you do! ??????
Did you make it because it looks like it
I think kid mukbangs are inappropriate
I love how you literally ripped off some of the container so we can see ??????
can I have some of that? im salivating T^T
??!!!! ?????? been craaaaaving!! omg I'm good with spicy but even the mildest spicy level had me dyiiiing. Still so good tho ??????
You two have that ACCENT so cute??????
Today is the day that marks my birthday
Yesss!!??
Ooo this biss here is close to half a million
OMG I DID NOT KNOW YOU CAN WRITE IN BOLD WOWWWWWW
YESS love you stepphh????
STEPHIANCÉ HAS TO SHOW HIS FACE FOR 500K SUBS BISS!
How do u do the bold letters????????im dumb srry
Eating with the candoos are a mukbang channel that i personally think they put their kids in infront of the camera for the $$$$$
Can u do a prank on ur fiancé I can’t be with u anymore prank????
pineapple is finally gone lol
I feel like it would be so fun if you did a mukbang in Korean!
SO CLOSE UP TODAY
I love the pretty, blinking lights on the counter in the background!!!
Trying to bold rn
Uhhh I die for ur story’s????
HELL YES ID MARRY YOU
Watching this on Break and my Boss goes: "In China." Lol. Boss is a biss for knowing the Queen Biss.
I don’t like little kid mukbang either. EXPLOITATION
I love you and Im 13 and i personally dont like kid mukbangs either srry????????
Steph is the best and the food look so good
A biss is early todaaaay ???????????? love you Steph!!!
Rice cakes are sooooo goood
Did you get original or mild spicy level from yupdduck
MY FAVV
??Love you!!! continue!!??
I didn't get la la land
Your mukbang is giving me life today , literally almost choked laughing so hard when you told the story about the guy who was in your yoga class
Woah..just realised I’m older than both you and stephiance when he said that vhs was before his time. I remember watching vhs tapes together with the big laserdiscs during my childhood
You should use vegan cheese instead
I swear if stephiance doesn't look like what I imagined him to be, I would feel lost.
Look forward to this everyday
Im soooooo happy I've been wanting u to do this since forever!!!!
So you’re telling me that people are literally watching the video only to not like Steph?? Why watch if you don’t like her? So salty ?? love you guys ??
Dun dun _ woo! Betting its gonna be _ Mukbang woo! next vid
13:38 I'm a little to young I think-
I’m Mexican and tried this for the first time in the Bay Area last week - bomb!! Thanks for making me a little more diverse lol love your videos!
I have recently become OBSESSED with your videos ?? the stories are SOOO goooooood??????
Biiisss*
I’m here early for the first time
omggg that looks like ?????!! I can never get anything spicier than their mild option LOL
Bissss, that looks so good!!!! Xoxoxo
Bisss will you marry meeee please
RV Power up?! ????????????
I know blockbuster??????????
So delicious
yay bissssssss ya girl form london again
LOL: But you are a korean mukbanger. 0:34
Wonder what she does after she hearts our comments ?? it's just 7am in the PH, woke up early for ths ??
BISSS. You got me saying biss a lot now ??
IM HERE
I love youu?? notif squaadd????
LOOKS SO GOOD!!!! Luv ya steph!
I have a research paper due in 5 hours and I took a break just to watch this ??
Love the video your the best
When LalaLand came out, I think it was Samuel L Jackson. He walked out at the beginning of it and said he didn’t like it and apparently it was only the start where they’re singing out in the road. I never watched it because of him ?????????? I trust him lmao Ps. You’re not cancelled ??
This is legit the most Korean mukbanger that it could get ????
Gotta get a daily dose of Stephane bish, Korean mukbanger who?
Love your ramen or korean mukbangs so much!
yaaass bisss! Do a greek mukbang pleaaase ????
You sing tooo?! Is there anything you can’t do bisss ????Stephiancé is one lucky man
Your food always looks so good. Nothing i eat can compare
Looks soooo soooo delicious ??????
Thought I was early turns out there’s 300+ comments BISSSSSSS
yessss
I want to try so much of the food you eat but I’m hella scared of spicy food ???? I want to try kimchi (is that how it’s spelt ?) the most ??
Yassss bissss bissss I love both of u ?????????? and when Steph said will u marry me I dropped my phone ????????????????
I dont really care for kid mukbang. My daughter wants a YouTube channel so bad. She is only 6. I have to keep telling her no.
ooh biss your food noises be soundin THICC!!!! loves it
??
????????
Bis few more korean fried chicken and youll hit 500k!!!
Notification squad BISSSS
yay you uploaded just in time for me to fold laundry
14 mins and 300 odd comments, damn.
bitch the phanie pack is almost at half a mil woooooooooooo dun dun we poppin
Everything looks so good!!! Still trying to find a place that has this in Houston!
Wow biss could be in showtunes and shit ?? ily but I’m so distracted by those lights ??
Bissss hey!
The only Mukbanger I watch is you soo...
And like always : i never get the notification on time!!!! Uuuyghhh
I got 3 cute guys snapchats and my favorite power couple uploaded a mukbang today's a great day ?
My favvvve couple ???? love you guys
Stephanie i am addicted?
How do you handle so much spicy food? I’m African and I can’t handle some of the food ???? love you ????
I hate that I have to prepare for work right now ugh bis ca sick where lol
yoga guy was straight up nutting
Looks good
a biss is looking good
Who else likes their own comment because no-one else does.......?????????????????????
oh my, i would have fucking dieddd with laughter if i heard someone make those noises in yoga class ??????
i’m waiting to go out to dinner rn and i’m watching this and i’m SO HUNGRY!
Omg you should do a whole mukbang in Korean it would be so cool to watch ??????????
Off topic, but waiting for Tiff from JKF to be in your Mukbang and @leendadproductions as well I think her personality will fit with you Stephanie. Make it happen!
OMG BISS YOUR A QUEEN ????????
10:06 i thought you said diaper ??????
Banana ...milk ?? I've never really thought of those two together oh god I don't like bananas but I'd like to try what it taste like. Great work on your videos! ??
Early after long long time ??????????
Love you
Lol I'm actually early ps. Also love that you post alot??????
It's never boring with you ???
oof i’ve never been THIS early ??
my idol
??????
Your openings alone have always drawn me in. You're fecking hilarious biss!! ??????
I LOVE YOUR MUKBANGS STEPHANIE!!! ??????
Where u get those fairy lights in the bg from??????
Ily
Bisss
Your intros just keep getting better and better bisss I’m living through you right now ????????????
LOVE YOU STEPH! FROM AUUUS
You always make my day Stephanie!
Drip drip drippin yassss ?
i get excited every time your fiancé is in your videos!
YAAAAASSS BISS SPICY RICE CAKES AFTER SO LONG! and im finally here on time after 5 days coz i'm done with my finals woop woop!!
Stephanie..r u doing a lot of sport..? ..cause ur so thin..even if u eat a lot of mukbang...
Another Korean spread w/The Biss & Mister Mangobutt!?? Can’t get enough of you two??
One hater :O get outa here ?? Love you Girlllll ????????
A bisss is now a professional Korean mukbanger
I have the same exact too as you are wearing ??
HEH making my korean bb oppa q t watch every single mukbang you have with me
Yessss i got my cold homemade spagetti at work and I’m ready to tune in!
Today the video is so zoomed in I'm so use to this
It's like 12am in Germany and tomorrow is school but whatever. I need to watch this.
I wanna try this! & love love cup ramen but totally agree that you get wayyyyyy less !
My favvv
Mariah Carey who? I only know Stephanie biss! ????
#NotificationSquad Bissss?????
You truly are a legend <3
Hey bis
Lmao bissssss i loveeeee this and i havent even finished watching yetttt
This looks so good!??
Iloveyou and your mukbangs!! Can’t stop watching ?? love from PH??
Ehhmygerdddd you’re the best hooman ever bis. Thank you??????
You always make me sooooo hungry!!!
My life goal is to eat this , i know i will never eat it though ??
I feel like everyone needs a friend like Stephanie ????
The cup ramen is better then the regular one
I've been wanting to get tteokbokki for so long but I don't wanna drive to K town through LA traffic to get some I'm super conflicted
I love your videos! ????
Iloveyou and your mukbangs!! Can’t stop watching ?? love from PH??
The intro??????
So close to 500k !! Love u ??
Sooo close to 500k
It there anyone else who thought this girl talk to much then started watching more of her videos then began to like her
I love your videos!!! I hsve wachted all of them! You are so fun! And i love your conspiracy stories ????
Early
I love you Stephanie ??????????????
LOVE UR VID
As much as I would love to see how Stephiance looks like, I’m so used to seeing him as a floating hand in front of the camera so if one day I were to see him in his human form sitting beside Steph, Idk how to feel tbh. ?? #justarandomthought
Omg I’m early
why did I just get the notification now
Stephanieeeeeeeeeee! Hey bissss what's good!? Love yall!!!! ????????
girl it’s been 5 minutes what hating ass bish already disliked ??
Naww missed u bishh
241st!
????
I'm here bissssssssss ????
HI BIIIIS! here's a kiss from Portugal ????
Anybody else really want to meet her ?? Like if you do ????
LOVE YOU STEPH YOUR SO FUNNY YOU LIFT MY SPIRITS AND I WATCH YA EVERYDAY ????
??????????
Yasssss bish I've been so busy lately but just waned to say I love you! ??
Yasssssssss XD love from Mexico Steph
Excited for another dun dun mukbang
Ahhhhh!!! I' ve been waiting for this??
Love the lights in the background
Biss Mariah Carey who?
hahaha also i was waitin to hear about yoga w stephiance i am readyyy
OH BISS wow this looks sooo good we love a bouncy rice cake
Love your videos ????
"Oh My God You Little Robin Ass Biss! "????????????
YAY HI
That container thingy kinda looks like a paper sauce thingy you get at McDonald’s ??
?highlight of my day?
Love your Mukbangs!!! keep going
SOO CLOSE TO 500K!!!! KEEP IT UP STEPH!!
DONT YOU EVER LEAVE ME
I really want to try rice cakes properly ? I’ve tried Chinese ones before with nuclear hot sauce and it was so gooodddd ??
Looks yummy
Early! Hii bisses! Sorry lol excuse me ?? love you biss ????
Ughhhh my stupid WiFi ??
What a filling way to celebrate your anniversary! That cheese pull thoooo ??????
can i have some
Yasss queeen????????????
Bish your crazy af
Love that biss love that
I loveee rice cakes omg
BISS i love you !!!!! ?? and i want spicy rice cakes now omg
?????? I also got bored watching Lalaland, I think I didn't finish it
Yass Biss ??
Korean mukbangers work hard but stephanie work harder
UGH MY FAVE FOOD ?????? YAS BIS
yasss
I'm here for this content biss!! <3
SINGGGG
Love you Stephanie! ??
I wish I could meet you ????
Omg you robbing ass biss ?????
Tteokbokki yessss! Btw you are literally the only YouTuber that I have notification turned on for. ;)
One thing I noticed is that every time she takes a bite she says MMMM then looks at him and he either says is it good? Or it’s sooo good!
Korea Day ??????????
??
steph has officially passed the korean mukbang-er ritual by eating tteokbokki out of a white tub HAHA
Heyyy bishhhhh ??????
Hii Steph ???? I wish i was eating tteokbokki with you ??
Omg that looks so good I want that!!!
Howdy
AMEN
Daily dose of stephaaaanniiieeee
Ilysm bisss
love u bissss???????
Hey steph, love every video you post ?? have an amazing day ??
DUN DUUUNNN MUKBANG ??
OMG IM SO EARLY ILY BISS UR LITERALLY GOALS
Bishhh ????????
HIII I LOVE YOUU ??????????
Bissssss yesss. Ily????Once again liked before watched. Can please please please get a shoutout in the next video ????????.
guess who’s currently not asleep bc of their fucking period cramp, yup love you tho lmao, oh & you should check out “the runaway/missing princess of dubai” aightt gonna go watch the vid
:( school and work have literally been kicking my ass so i’m glad to be back for now! it’s time to binge watch until it’s time to get back to reality. love you steph ??
I’m so obsessed with you and your videos biss. I find myself talking about you and your stories to my friends all the time. I need them bissss’s to watch you toooo. They’re missing out and I’m annoyed I can’t talk to them about how mf awesome you are! We all need a biss like you to watch everyday ??????
It’s 12:00 in Germany who cares if I’m tired tomorrow school who ?
stephfiance sounds like the guy kpop junkee, he does kpop music video theories
Literally committed to watching this without earphones & OMFG my mom jus asked me from the kitchen if i was watching a Stephanie mukbang instead of studying...I said yes like a proud biss!
My notification was late...again
I'm Always, always notified late! But anyhoo, another daily dose of Stephanie Soo, YAAAAS!
I literally just posted on my foodstagram about wanting to have tteokbokki ??
i thought the mozarella sticks were hot dog sausages lol
The QUEEN HAS PISTED ONCE AGAIN
Babe will you marry me? What stephfinace says Honeyyyyy ??
Clicked so fast!!! Love you Stephanie!! I would say Stephiance too but he’s already loved by you! ???? Saranghe!!!
i need to pack for a trip but yknow it can wait
EARLY ??
Your videos are the best. Keep it up Stephanie we love you ???
?????
YESSSSS IM SO HUNGRY OMG
Main biss is about to hit 500K ????
yesssss ugh i am ready i jus wanna eat some yummy tteokbeokki w uuuu <3
Haha I love your signing in the intro!
Can you do an H Mart mukbang ...but yess bisss??????
Steph with the bangers ??????
every mukbang gets better and better
bis notified me but it wasn’t there like tf but here i am boo ily??
SO GLAD I STAYED AWAKE FOR THIS ????
Stephanie: this is the time where I'm gonna b a Korean mukbanger! Stephiance: u r a Korean mukbanger...
That looks so good ????
My fav food and Stephanie! Best combo!! ??????
NOTIFICATIONS ON!! ILYSMM
Am I late?! Nooooo??????????????
I also love the fairy lights in the background ??
Hi hi
i clicked so fast lmaoo?? but girlllll i want you to pleaseee watch “forgotten” it’s a korean psychologically movie that will leave you shook! please watch it and give your opinion cos i know your creepy ass will love it ????
Hey BISH
I love you
Yesssss finally bisss, my day doesnt start happening until i watch your video
We love a true mukbang sis???????
Omg you little Ramen ass BISS
Stopped one of your year old videos to watch
I'm here I love your videos
not first.
Wassup bis????I’m feeling special today??
Banana milk??
YASS TTEOKBOKKI ?????? LOVE YA STEPHANIE
Early Squad????
The moment you think you're first to comment but then notice the other comments ??
Love you Stephanie you are soo funny and beautiful ??????
WE LOVE YOU BOTH
Love you ??
Steph has to have the best intro's am I right lol ?? Love you Biss ???????
Imma wait till i’m eating before i watch your video hehehe
So happy to get this notif at 12 am when I have to wake up at 3 to study for my exam... (I live in the Netherlands) Still gonna watch it though ????
Yassssss bisssssssss
Hiiii
we love a talented queen ??
When I saw your video pop-up I clicked on it immediately I love you so much????
i never clicked a video so fast in my life than i do with steph's videos
?notification squad biss?
yayy am earlly love youuuu??????
Her food looking good as always????
Love it good job
I love when you rice cake!!!!!????
I’m loving all the korean food steph
Havent been here in a while.
for real I’m craving ttaekbokki sooo bad because of you!
Hey bisssssss ??
YASSS FINALLY IM EARLY FOR THE FIRST TIME!!!
stephanie soo video to cure a shitty day thank the LORD
Today we are back ????????
Just finished your video with Geo. Love binging your videos ??
I was literally was looking for a mukbang and then this came up in my notifications btw i love your vids
??????
omg is that banana milk??
My favorite mukbanger???? Love ya bisss??
love you biss
Wooo!! Notification Squaa
Oh my god I feeel like I saw this every episode because I always mean it but like omg I can’t wait for this one I always wanna see people eat this????
dun dun!!! just in time for lunch
DONT YOU EVER LEAVE MEEEEE ????
Yesssss we got a singing bisssss ????
Im early siss??
Steeeeeph! The best yey
Hi
Yesssssssssss, luks alwaz yummy ?? ?? ??
I just got out of dance class I’m hUngry and ready for this mukbang
I don’t know who is hotter, Stephanie or that tteokbokki
?? Been waiting for you to upload today
Stephanie getting distracted for 12 minutes before actually starting her story is me when I try to do my homework
Bisss I’m on break right now at work NOTIFICATION SQUAD ????
I needed this so badly
Hi love u so much
Early squad whip whip
Yay biss
YASSSSSSS so happy right now i love u stephanie ?????? DUN DUNNNNN
Ily bishhh my fave mukbanger love u so much bishhhhhh
Stephanie should win a Grammy for her singing!! ??????
UHH BISH U R NOT GOING TO SHARE UR FOOD WITH MEE haha ????
THE INTRO GETS ME EXCITED, THE FOOD LOOKS AMAZING AS ALWAYS! ????
This time I wasn't in the middle of a family dinner ?? bc I just finished
YES BISS
yyaasss!!!! queen, ive been waiting
tan tan..mukbang^^
I HAVE NEVER BEEN THIS EARLY!!! ???? . That looks sooooo niceee
first ??
Yasssssss my bis STEPHANIE UPLOADED AND Riverdale is coming on later tonight?! Life is good...!??
NOT ONE DAY CAN I BE FIRST ??
Finally early ????????
Yasss queen ??
YESSSSSSS ANOTHER UPLOAD! ONE OF MY FAVORITE YOUTUBER?????????????????????????? Love you steph ????????
My fave posted! ??
Bissssssss I’m first , da da mukbang WOoOoo0
dont you ever leAVE MEEEEEE
Lov ya bissss ??
Low key was just watching your latest video
Heeyyy biss. I'm early asfff??????
Back with the rice cakesssssss bissss
i see rice cakes i click like
The best!!!!
Just in time!??
That intro!!!! Yaaaas hahaha
Early bissss!!!????
Love u so much ????
I was just waiting
Omg I love you haha
Yay! These videos are crazy! So spicy! ???? love you! OMG YOU LITTLE RAMEN ASS BISS ?? Lost it!
ILY BIS??
Yayyyyyy??????
Hey BISSSSHHHHH....ilysm
Love you so muchh
LOVE YA BISSSSS??????????
Oo biss perfect timing
early today bizzz ????????????
My biss is back.. ????
Stephanie in almost every video: mmmm mhmmm
Early love you biss????
Ditching homework i found the answers online anyway
I love you
#First
Soooo mucho
love this intro ????
ayee
Love your videos
OMG PERFECT TIMING TY BIG BIY ;)))))
????????????
?? queen
Hi girl ??
Who ready for this biiiissssss
Okay I’m hungry now ????
LOVE YA BISSS YOOYOYOYOYOOYOYOYOT
I CLICKED THIS VID SO FAST OMG ?????? I doubt that anyone will actually take the time to read this.....but started Youtube not long ago and my goal is to reach 10K before my Birthday , just liking this comment so more people can notice me would help...god bless?????
HEY BISSSSS
LOVE U STEPH
Theirs is soooo funny??????
When you click so fast and it’s still private ????
My crush replied to my email!!!
I love you
Love your videos
Ily :)
Earrrlyyyyyy
Love you
HI ILY STEPH <3
FIRST ????????
First
YAY ILYSM
Hiiiiiii
I was so early the video was private????????
Early??
Love you
Hey gurl
Hi
!!!!!!!!! I just ate tteokbokki
HEY BOO
Love you smmm??
Hi steohanie
ILYYY BIIIISH
HI BISS LIKE IF YOU HAVE THE NOTIFICATION BELL ON!!!!!!
L??VE Y??U BISS
I love mild spicy
These dun look spicy enough
U should tell us the ingridients that every food needs
3:10 what's that appliance called? I don't remember and i'm about to go buy one.
yummy food I really love spicy food
I love that ‘oh yes’ at the end
Spicy foods are the best!!!
I'M a huge fan of spicy food I can't think my life without my spicy food ??????????
Growing up near Nashville I get lots of hot chicken :)
You call this spicy?! C'mon Buzzfeed, step your game up son!
don't be spicy pls
my mouth can't stop watering i love spicy chicken
#copymycomment
Sounds like me
Please make anything without chicken or eggs.
I'm drooling.
brah he goddes dude ohoh my case oh wohoho no no no hah he spicy hahaha??????
Its not spicy at all.cuz u have used sugar in it ??
THE CHICC KEIIIIIN ??
Would ya look at that? They used more than one table spoon of a spice for a recipe lmao
Recipe number 1 is the only recipe that you can call spicy. Rest they will add a bit of spices and a ton of honey and sugar ??
Come to Asia. We will show you their father..
I love spicy food. But I don't like non-veg so please can you update the veg spicy foods
ez
I can handle spicy things in my mouth but my body doesn’t and I always have to go to the bathroom and explode it but it’s worth it
Nothing spicy about these recipes
Need more details for ingredients
I got scared of the "okay" lol
That's not hot n spicy for Indian like me
Best part ... mixing every thing
Hit like if you love spicy and hot food ??
??????
Interesting, delicious and of course, HOT HOT HOT!!!! ??????????
Me:I shall just keep adding everything till it looks bloody red
1. Takies
Less spicy than regular Indian food lol
Why do you have 70's porno music for every vid?
HOT!!
As much as i like spicy food we can hardly make food like this anymore, peppers are worth $18.48 per kilo now adays ??????
00:4 ?? Whaaaat ?
So sad bcoz I love spicy food but peppers in the philippines coss P1k or $20
Motherfucking vedio
I think this background music gives RHCP vibe???? which is just perfect for the hot spicy food I guess??
Why did we need a bread in the 1st recipe
I love spicy food so much, my mom banned my from eating it for 2 weeks. :(
Very HOT
This is how TASTY attracts Indian viewers..????
The first one was awsome
I cried cause I hadn’t eaten anything spicy for a month
Hottest video ever
What is hot for you white people is chamoy to my fellow Mexicans.??
??????????
Rie hands for sure.!
Vegan deserves no spice
I ?? love this song
Its porn
i love spaicy
Title: How to lure Asians. ????
Juat add a california reaper and its done
I dont think this is spicy food it needs more chile
I wish I can enjoy spice :(
U guys should include spicy dish from indonesia ,malaysia and thailand...indonesian n malaysian especially ,the sambal dish will make ur ear smoking with fire..forgive my english..but just want to stated the facts..
had de
I wonder if anyone has ever cook any dish by these channel recipes
I ?? spicy food
I love not spicy but H O T F O O D S !
I swear this is my fav channel
Baby ribs!
Haha a classic known as the mask??????
I love spicy food! It just hates me, is all
CAN'T YOU MAKE VEG FOOD??????????
One thing is missing more spice
2:04 i thought she picked the ginger instead lol
I’m gonna make that spicy fried chicken
I'm an Indian and for my spicy means you should feel it on the ass the time you take shit after eating it. And to be honest the first recipe was spicy and the rest I have tried even though I added more of the spicy stuff seemed sweet and sometimes sour.
"THE SZECHUAN SAUCE MORTY." 1.42
Do a hot and spicy with no sweet stuff pls
I can't have much spicy food but still watching this...????????????????????
Why can't spicy food be made without chicken
omygawddd sthaaaaapp
At 1:45 this recipe will be extremely spicy
The spiciest one probably was the chinese dish. Damn those szechuan peppercorns are spicy af
start recycling plastic instead of vids
At 4:45 the cook's face reflects on the spoon and then he quickly removes it lol ??
Sri Lankan Tamil dudeeee- can handle all of this and moreeeeee
????????
Too poor to buy the ingredients. But i enjoy watching these????
0:13 i died
Oh yeah. Sooo hot( I like it)
MMMMMM..Spicy MAMAMIYA love see spicy food very much????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????
I love spicy food, but my anus looking at me like, bruh .
I can imagine when the wings are done.. " Do i really have to eat it??"
Mango and garlic together
2:03 Where the Szechuan Sauce?
I WANT IT NOW
Come on...this should hve been more spicy...????
Hey guys I know putting on FF your videos is your thing but...seriously. I broke my keyboard hitting on "space" to pause your videos. We need to read the instructions for more than a fraction of a second. There's something wrong with the speed. The human brains cannot take that fast. Probably I have to give up on this channel...
It's not too spicy . I really love spicy.????
Esto no Enchila WEE!!!!
I want second part of it. sooo addicted!
Cook on high for 4 hours is going to take all the butane at home
Hmm...good use wah pedal there.
the first one you should of bought fried chicken from public and put hot sauce on it -_-
I love spicy food
Paprika teri sari dishes bhosrika
Is it a spicy video ? I don’t think so bcoz there’s sugar or honey in all the recipes
adnan sami bheegi bheegi remix.
by watching this i wanna try worlds hottest and spiciest #spicelover curry sauce any thing with meat etc.......................................................................
This video is very hot !!
they did it they used no cheese its a miracle
I mean do they taste good
Are this dishes good
If I had to eat one food for the rest of my life it would be spicy ????
I'm eating something sweet while watching this
Am hungry
sup with the old porn music?
Neele Neele aambar par And Police Show Kalaakaar Sridevi acoustic Cover The Humma Song OK Jaanu Acoustic Cover & Bheegi Bheegi Acoustic Cover GANGSTER.
i really like spicy food, and seeing all these recipes makes me want to make them myself
i looooove spicy food!
The first recipe of chicken is better with honey instead of oil for the out sauce. I know its supposed to be Nashville Chicken but what can I say I like my honey and I like my sweet and spicy.
Those ribs was weak
Me and my friends eat hot sauce without anything at launch when there is hot sauce
Ooh i lobe the mask
What was that movie called
why just chicken??
How to get that seasoning she puts at the last of the Nashville chicken recipe
Mmm some amy, SPICYY
American spicy food is not that spicy..????
Re sirif chicken hi banane aata haj kya Veg nahi bana sakte tum
That to spicy ?? ?? ?? ??
I can smell the chicken but why?
0:16 I would dip meh fires in dat
why they didnt season the meat first on the bbq?!
This isnt what i call spicy food these are just normal food i eat everyday tbh
peanuts?
too bad i'm really not good with hot and spicy food
0:05
I'm hungry
How about you just pour Siracha into Pho?
tasty has mad szechuan chicken so many times now it’s expected
How come I’m not in this video and how come spicy gang isn’t Jk
Why is everybody replying to comments with I wanna suck you off? Tf
you literally fried some meat, then added chillies to it. Wow! I'm Indian and I know there is way more to chilli to that...
I'm watching this while eating????
hii
Looks like not one single white person in the comment section, they can’t even handle salt & pepper
This fishes are hot but definitely not spicy... I use more spices in my dosa than these...
Mango and beef and honey ew!
That first one ??????
Fire!
Stomach: Get your ass to the bathroom!
THAT THUMBNAIL MAKES ME HUNGRY!
Hi welcome to Chili's
Nice
Hot ??
I spat my food out due to laughter at 'Smokin'
Lit up??
SUNT ROMÂNCA TRAIASCA SARMAUA??
Amazing food
What was the weight of the chicken used for Nashville style chicken?
it's so spicy and fiery ??????????
Spice!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! !!!!!
hmmmmmhhhhhh oh yeah!!! ¡!!!!!¡!
I love spice ??????
Lord ????I can already feel the heat
Okeyyyyyyyy ;)
Even though I love spicy food I can't eat it or I will have a stomach ache But that doesn't mean I can't look at people make spicy food
???????!
4:51 daddy
4:09 why can’t y’all season the meat properly
Bruh the only thing that even seemed remotely spicy was that Nashville hot chicken
I wonder how eggs, breadcrumbs and flour make chicken so crispy SOMEONE PLEASE EXPLAIN!!
WOW!!!very nice!
Tasty, I'm trying to take you seriously, but all this sugar you're adding...
Hot and Spicy?
My mouth is getting so wet right now.
l love spicy food !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
for the first one use spicy Doritos instead of flour
Ya know for a second there I thought that Some of these wouldn’t have animal body parts
0:05 wtf are you trying to scare me?that was just creepy!oh this green face,but it’s ok because those great recipes
I hated it!!
Spices ????????????????????????
Hey the flour and buttermilk barely stayed attached to my chicken(1st recipe). Have any tips for me to avoid this next time. Ps. Still tasted good
hot annrrr' spisy meat, hehhheeaa bwoaiy
How much chicken is that in the first recipe?
This is LIT ??????
The bread is so unnecessary!?!
Kudos!
I have a chilli addiction! Chilli flakes are like crack to me ????????!
Mask reference ??
gr8 video
??
these recipes are so yummy they make me hungry
#fuckyes
I'm a little disappointed that with 6 recipes they couldn't make just one vegetarian. I understand most of their audience eats meat but when it's a compilation video like this one it's a little disheartening to see that they couldn't bother to do one recipe without meat.
First recipe is the most disappointing thing I've EVER cooked, only the chicken was flavoured the rest was bland and weird tasting because of the plain flour coating. Horrible. That's not Nashville Hot Chicken.
wowwwwwwwwwwww soo yummy ????????
"6 hot and spicy recipes for non-vegetarians" should've been the title.
That s ass blastin'hot
ooooooh spicy food my favourite!
spicyhttps://youtu.be/w15QdTUjMdc my recepi
alright but is this hot cheetos spicy or actually spicy bc my mom eats habaneros as a snack
Habanero lime wings is where it’s at tbh.
For me this is just regular food?????? still looks good though
It seems to be very tasty I wanna try
NEVER EVER heat Honey. As per Ayurveda - the ancient science of medicine and aprescribed way of life in India, as soon as you heat Honey, it turns to POISON. Ayurveda says it should not be added to even warm water like many people do in the mornings. Honey should be eaten only raw.
Can't you just make a video on some eaay recipes. what is the benefit of wasting times watching these videos when I can't cook none of them.If you can't do that,then just shut the f**k up!!!
I think it was a bad idea to watch this when on a diet
I am gonna add more spices.
I am salivating rn
I've been to Nashville twice and I've never got to try the hot chicken. Next time I will try it.
Damn
watching all of this videos while my parents are on vacation in Mexico isn't a good idea ???? bitch i'm so hungry
Wow, this looks so delicious!
Diarhea
Why dont put some more pepper on the flour instead
Good ideas. However the last recipe was so undercooked. You need the onions to brown further and also ensure that the gravy is acc gravy not water! Let it thicken!
????
SZECHUAN SAUSE!!!! WUBBA LUBBA DUB DUB
There's nothing vegetarian on this??
I wish I had a chef from tasty channel ????????
Oh yeah!!! Spicy food !!!!
Once you go spice your never go nice (with seasoning that is)
All these recipes are just mild. I eat the fire noodles as a snack ??
Just because it’s red doesn’t mean it’s spicy .
So all of them are chicken??? Really
Lol a lot of white people gonna die from eatin this food and then tasty is gonna get like 1000 lawsuits against em lol
"Hot" n' "Spicay"
the oh yes makes me feel awkward
None of these are spicy, you didn’t add the KFC 11 herbs and spices or the special spice.
Do Sweet and Spicy next!
I live in Nashville but never tried the hot chicken??
these 4 recepies are spicy eh?!....do not americanise the context of a dish being spicy too
R.I.P Ass
EARN MONEY ONLINE (part-time/fulltime). CLICK HERE http://bestcashjob.com/?refer=106427
The 3rd recipes sauce looks like something you would mix at a sleep over and dare your friends to drink
You call that La Zi Ji? Needs more Chili's than chicken and you know it
ey guys remember, just cause your mouth can handle spicy food, doesn't mean your stomach can
white people are crying just watching this
?????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????? soooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo spicy hummmmm
How to attract Indian viewers: this video title ??????
At 2:55... either their hands are really big or that bowl is just really small
Oken!
wings don't need that long in an oven... you fucking doughnut. also it irks me that they didn't dice up the finger
0:05 wtf
This made me salivate
Thank you Mexico for the chillies ????
what even is this? there's more to the hot and spicy life than marinating chicken... and other meats... Where's the Indian curries at? where's the stuffed jalapeños at? where's the chilli paneer at? there's loads of vegetarian things that you could've included as well...
Don't get me wrong, i love chicken as much as the next guy, but why does everyone single one of these have to be chicken...?
Ohhhh.....yesssssss.....????
my fav tasty video, no cheese overload and rlly nice background music
your every dish includes non-veg ??
'6 hot & spicy recipes' adds sugar
The second dish is called ???? or la zi ji ding and it is one of my favorite dishes in the world ( ´?`)
that feeling when u outspiced all your friends is a bless
i like spicy food
This is great and everything, looks too delicious! However, I could NOT stop thinking about whoever is making these recipes and hoping they don’t wear contacts. Because after all of those spices and hot sauces they’ll have to THROUGHLY wash their hands, MULTIPLE times so they don’t burn their eyeballs! ?? WHY IN THE WORLD AM I THINKING ABOUT THIS?!?! ????????????????????
Tasty dishes ate very tasty
Oh yes
I love chicken too, but is there anything veggie? Meat and poultry isn't exactly cheap these days
If you put one of these hot recipes in the fridge..will it be hot or cold?
all i eat is meat and spicy stuff perfect
The starting tho....????
Make a sweet and sour
1:43 SZECHUAN
This video is sexist and racist. At the end, you use a WHITE MAN to say "oh yes". Why not a black woman? FUCK TASTY
cant you do some vegetarian recipie
does anyone find it annoying that the title comes after the food is made? i wanna know what they are making before the recipe starts
The music sounds like a mix of Voodoo child and Cant stop. Still good for me
Yum
Not satisfied with the recipes this time surprisingly
I guess only meat can be spicy ??
Hi, hope you have a great day ahead! I am just a regular teenager who has recently started a cooking channel. Tasty's really great but I hope you give my channel a chance. Thank you!
I'm sweting already by watching this video. Must try this!
All the recipes aren't even spicy
What slow cooker do they use in their videos? Where can I buy this one?
This is too damn 0:04 And I LOVE THIS!!!
Can you make something in veg
This video was really lacking in spice except maybe the chicken
White bread??? Oh come on... just... no... forget about the slice there...
??????
This!!!!!!
I like your recipe but I don't like your music
Indian food is so much spicy than international recipes ........... The food we eat every day is more spicy than these recipes ..... Who agrees ?????
Tasty saw all the comments about not putting any seasoning and gave us this video LOL
I love mango-habanero combination
When you're the only one who realizes that none of these food in the video are spicy :D
Danky
Vegan recipes please...!??
Any spicy food lover here??!
Chicken tacos we call that tinga
big thanks from india
I love spicy food????
That bread looks gud
Written recipes?
Why do I have a feeling that someone deep in the comments are screaming about Szecuhuan sauce???
Dai ..... Indian paneer butter masala
Looks good but I don’t like spicy food but it looks good
Does anyone else watch tasty just because you’re hungry and the food looks sooooooooooooooooooo good
This is literally my most favourite video of Tasty ... I love spicy you see!
4:08 so for 3 pounds of chicken you put a sprinkle of salt and a speck of pepper? That’s tough
Beautiful chicken
When I see one of they're videos I try so hard not to break my diet
Wow I got $2351on my paypal from this tool without paying anything: freepplmon.club/?Rn1SMq
I always eat with something that's hot that I could find in my fridge!
.... y'all gone stop disrespecting Nashville with that fake ass Nashville hot shit ?????????
The fried chicken and spicy tomato coconut milk chicken looks amazing
Way too much chicken, try using shrimp or fish filets
AWSOME
all these look hella good but i know my white ass cant handle shit ??
Spicy food is good for tummy
That is not Nashville hot chicken.
J
Can’t wait to make one or more of these
why am i watching this i hate spicy food
Vegan hot and spicy next
The video is in fire??
Do more Asian food videos!
Nice
some of this stuff would not even be spicy at all
Garlic powder and onion powder? Americans will go to great lengths to avoid using fresh Ingredients
they put the chicken on an a rack to let the oil drip off then put it on bread to soak up the oil that's non existent.
I fucking hate pickles. Like someone actually invented that shit cuz he couldn't taste anything else.
Spicy food is the best thing to ever exist
? j'adore ??
Hijosu madre!!!! Another great bunch of recipes.
They look so tasty but if I try to make them, they will end up looking like something a cat threw up (-_-;)
Thats nice but were are the hot recipes?
Dude I live in Dubai and it's legit 3:48am and I am still awake to watch your vid man keep up the good job and that chicken is looking as fire
120th comment
Yummy ??
really want to try those spicy mango wings, i know if i tried to make it it would be a disaster.
spicy food is delicious! i've been having hot sauce since i was 4 :')
????? ???? ?????? ????? ??? ?? ??????!
The first one tho ??????????
So what in this video was supposed to be "hot and spicy", I missed it. Cayenne pepper is not hot, just bitter, try cooking something with Habanero peppers in it.
I don't watch this show anymore, but this reminds me of Sanjay and Craig ??
The music could easily be a Red Hot Chili Peppers song
Me fasima todo sus platos
This video is hot
????????
Tongue rape!
Is Nashville hot chicken usually served on white bread??
I love tasty
this would make my asshole cry........with joy <3
I love spicy
That music is giving me life
I love spicy food... but I am still waiting on the tasty video that makes me say, "I'm gonna cook that!"
I love spicy ??
for many asians out there, this is kind of spicy and sweet because of mangoes,brown sugar, sugar and honey
The peanuts ruined it.
Hot chicken is the thing that I definitely would pick :))
Yum ?? Thank you for the spicy recipes.
0:05 huh?
When you’re Indian ?? ...But a vegetarian ??
Look it up
Dish number one looks like it is from hot chicken takeover
Wow.. that spicy chicken recipe reminds me of this hot and spicy girl I used to date :)
Perfect! Been wanting spicy food all day.
As soon as I saw "Hot & Spicy", I immediately clicked on in ???? But not as soon as the notification notified me... ????
Delicious
Tasty
My spicy ass is so needy right now just ??????????
Mamma mia... povero fegato??
Hot and spicy like Spring Break
Is it me or everytime i try one of these recipes either the measurements are way off or the cooking times are way off?
SO TASTY. If tasty was a person, and if I could marry him....
Yummy food
This video is lit ?? ?? ??????
Not tasty
smokin'
????????
*see's spicy food*•?< *click
44 and 74 likes youtube have a problem I say is crazy I don't speack english
Why the pickle?
4 hours? I'am hungry what ??
Thank you for posting hot and spicy food recipes. I love this kinda cooking. Hope, to see more of these. ??
So delicious! or should I say, tasty?
Spicy food is life! Once you go spicy food you can't never go back to "regular" food
44 views and 114 likes ??
This was made for me????
Yummmm
MILK
I'm a simple man I see a tasty video, I click.
Love this channel
Youre gonna get a rally spicy attitude
44th
Now this...This is good food.
I love Jim Carrey The Mask oh my God love that one
Hot and spicy..
Love this I Hope Tasty Pins This FoodWriting ?? ??
Mexicans like this
I love all the recipes you guys make ?? there my favorite time watch too lol
Make cookie dough vanilla and chocolate cake
i was the 27th person to watch
Awsome recipes tasty
Totally using this recipe for my hot chilli wings for lunch tomorrow ??
Ohohooo YES!!
5th
Can you do something Just add magic?
??????
6
hi
1st comment
5th
IT BURNS
45 view
3rd
First
2nd to like... ??