I'll never tire of watching Vegas get stomped üòÇ Vegas you suck. Lol
ace
I can't forget this moment, it was a great day. Thanks Capitals
I take back everything I've said about Braden Holtby after this Cup win. I said hes a Regular Season goalie and he couldn't make the saves when it counts. Now after this I realize I was wrong.
Getting drunk in public since their win, but since they're not a mostly black NBA or NFL team, no public outcry. I do, however, respect that they didn't go to.play kissy-face with Trump's dumb ass.
Brooks Orpik keeping the puck in at the line and then blasting that sick nasty pass through two pairs of Vegas players to get it up to DSP for the game tying goal of 3-3.... gorgeous. complete veteran awareness on that, the younger guys wouldnt have the poise to make that play.
I'm just here revisiting the moment that the Golden Knights' magic finally ran out. I really thought they were going to go all the way.
The music has got to go lmao
Is it me or did Hughson sound tired in this game?
5:18 When you finally beat that boss level...
luck and a hot goalie formula finally failed. Vegas gotta wait and suffer like every other team
If this ever gets old...bury me!
"What the hell is it
Boooooooooooring sport"
The tears (and booze) flowed liberally in Washington, D.C. that night. It was...beautiful.
My caps yes
THE WASHINGTON CAPITALS ARE THE 2018 #STANLEYCUP CHAMPIONS! #ALLCAPS
What a snipe by Smith
never gets old ovi lifting the cup.
its been a month, Im still crying every time I watch this.
Ovechkin is friggin huge, man. No wonder he is hardly knocked off the puck.
Listen to the crowd when the Caps score. There were so many fans in red
Sheer will and talent defeat rigged outcome from Bettman and cronies. One of sports greatest moments.
I feel Vegas will win....
I'm happy for Ovechkin, Backstrom,  and Holtby because they definitely deserve this. Also Trotz did an amazing coaching job. Still though, I would just like to point out that the officiating was incredibly inconsistent at best, and I still have no idea how the ref's missed the two incredibly obvious trips that happened in the final 30 seconds, that should have given Vegas at least one power play.
Eller for the Win
ovi yeti?
Will Vegas maintain this level or play or will they crash hard next year...
This was our year but whatever ovi won a cup
Made this tribute for Ovi! peep it https://youtu.be/25Y15II9isg
"One could say the Caps... had this season on Lock.. 

HEH"
Alexander Ovechkin without Olympic gold, but with Stanley Cup, God does not give all at once.
Pekka Rinne is too good right now
"I'm going to wait until next year's pre-season games before offering any congrats.
It's the Caps.  They might still choke..."
They deserved it, good year for Knights tho
GLAD THE CAPS WON BUT OVECHKIN IS GOING TO BE GETTING ALOT OF ASS ACTIVITY SOON BECAUSE TRUMPFUCK IS GOING TO BE KISSING HIS PUTIN LOVING ASS!!!
"The Knights did great in their First Year
\[T]/
#PraisetheSun"
Congrats to the Capitals! üëçüèª ü•Öüèí.
NR. 8¬† Capitals and Stanley Cup (deserved)
Wow Fleury was awesome playing this night, even if my Caps won!!! But have to give credit to the resilient Golden Knights who never quitted. ALL CAPS!!!!!!!
Smith-Pelly's goal was one of the all-time greatest goals ever
1:50 they're not going to show the other angle of one of the most beautiful saucer passes I've ever seen?
the memes are dead, people
I really wanted Vegas to win but congrats to the capitals. I understand it is a big thing for Ovechkin to raise the cup, he finally got it.
My reaction to watching this https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=62f4GcpYMIw
The golden knights had a great preshow for a loss.
Whoop Whoop
I could tell that they stood out from the pile since November and I don't even follow NHL regularly, well done Caps!
to everyone that said the caps would blow a 3-1 lead, how do you like the 4-1 outcome to win the cup and beat the media hyped bandwagon favorited unbeatable Vegas team
Thank you Caps. Thank you a thousand times! Been waiting a lifetime for this!!!! DSP, Holts, Kuzy, TJ, Nicky, Ovi, Lars, Beags, all of you, true heroes!!!!!
I think Sbisa is literally the worst hockey player in history
As a canucks fan let me tell you Washington fans be grateful ovi got to lift the cup it's a shame the sedins couldn't get it done in Vancouver
Ok, you got your cup, now go back to the exciting all scoring machine you started off as.
Thank you Sbisa, job well done . I'm so glad Vegas pick you up.....Bhahahaha
Flames fan! But have been rooting for Ovi for years! Great captain, loves his team, holtby too many great saves! They deserve it!
The fakest number 1 seed of the nhl is the Los Vegas Golden Knights lmfao üòÇ üòÇ üòÇ üòÇ
Happy for Ovechkin, he was always so close. Now this won't torment him
Rock the Red
I'm happy for Trots
The way Smith-pelly stopped the puck with his skate is sick thats the reason he scored
Like him or not Ovie deserves to win. No one in the NHL deserved it more than the guy who dominated in goal scoring since entering the league.
Vegas has never won a Stanley Cup. Was rooting for them to end that curse. Oh well.
NHL world most boring sport
Good for him.  Finally a cup
The hometown (Washington) Capitals (2018 Stanley Cup winners) will be going to the WH only if star (Conn Smythe winner) Ovechkin goes. Ovechkin happens to be RUSSIAN too- which is a plus as far as Trump is concerned.  Maybe a back channel to Russian "heavyweights" can be set up lol  Never miss an opportunity to network and get some kickbacks.  Trump is starting to become somewhat of a "pinko" despite being orange with white half-moons under his eyes.
Turn of the lights maybe next year
I have no animosity towards Washington sports and for some unknown reason I've always wanted every Washington team in ever major sport to lose.. But Ovechkin deserved this. Props to him
Caps just showed the Jets how to pump TWENTY goals¬†by Fleury in FIVE games! Hockey nerd Scheiffle will have been taking notes. Jets should have beat Vegas, but Caps would have been tough to handle in the final.
Way to go caps I live in Arlington Virginia watched the whole series  go caps go what a win
Ugh, Eller, Smith-Pelly, Jerabek, two of them figured largely in the caps success in the playoffs, one of them a cup winning goal.  Oh, boy does that ever look bad on Bergevin.  It looks really bad.
What a beauty of an equalizer by Smith-Pelly!!
People give ovechkin lot of credit but don't forget Kuznetsov, backstrom, tom Wilson , eller, Smith - Kelly , Holtby, all had an impact .
All thought they lost Vegas is still the best expansion team of all time. There fans should be proud they made it here. Good job caps
Will we ever get this close for an entry team to win the first season ever again, no.
It is sad to watch amazing players play their whole nhl career and never get to hold the cup. Ovechkin finally got to hold the cup over his head. I can only imagine how good it feels.
Okay game 6 is an absolute must win for the Knights.
Great 8!!!!
Luca Sbisa should get his name on the cup. Maybe not engraved like the rest. What's the opposite, embossed?
"Jets fan since '82. Obviously I wanted the Jets to take the cup, however I could not be happier that Ovi and the Capitals got it. I've been cheering for the Caps for years now (When the Jets were not even a team or when they were not making the playoffs) and I almost welled up seeing Ovi hold the cup. 

Never has an NHL player deserved a cup more than him."
"Well done, CAPS!

FREE artist:  foreal pat"
"–ê–ª–µ–∫—Å–∞–Ω–¥—Ä –ø–æ–∑–¥—Ä–∞–≤–ª—è—é! –ó–∞—Å–ª—É–∂–∏–ª –±—Ä–∞—Ç–∞–Ω.
–ü–æ—Ä–∞ –î–∏–Ω–∞–º–æ –ø–æ–¥–Ω–∏–º–∞—Ç—å –∏ –û–ª–∏–º–ø–∏–∞–¥—É –±—Ä–∞—Ç—å."
Oilers fan here.So Happy for the Caps and OV. Been a fan since his first season in the NHL. Congrats on taking that monkey off their backs. They were due.
Looked like a great game.
Can't wait to read the article about how Ovi didn't backcheck enough. #oldboysclub
Los Vagas should have won because Washington sucks
"Sickest shirt ever man
https://teespring.com/capswin#pid=2&cid=568&sid=front"
Well, despite the loss, for an expansion team the Golden Nights had one HELL of a first season.
VeGaS iN fOuR
Cup in Washington. Better than Vegas but still a disgrace to Lord Stanley's name
im kinda sad that the knights didint get the cup, but the caps deserve the cup more than we, they gone 45 years with no cup, while the knights are there for 1 season, the caps deserve it more than we, go knights go
Ovie finally, congrats..
Probably the best playoffs ever in sports.
Still sinking in -- surreal that the Caps won the cup.  So awesome.  The DSP game tying goal was amazing.
One of the worst scf, refs rigged for caps, the only good thing is that ovi got a cup
ON TRENDING!
Ovi finally won it. Here I was thinking he had to be traded to win the cup and proved me wrong. Congrats Ovi and congrats to the Capitals and their fans.
VEGAS IN 4
All the bets that people lost lol
Good job Caps from a Knights fan
Where's the chick with her tits out lmaoo
Congratulations Caps. Bad luck Golden Knights. #VegasStrong
Penguin fans saying caps fans are dicks for saying ‚Äúthey will never get to the Stanley cup‚Äù....you guys said that to caps fans and karma stinks.
Boo
"Reaves: ""What are you gonna do??? üòÜ""

Well for starters, win the Stanley Cup while you sing Minnie the Moocher on the bench"
Always wanted Ovi to get one
–ù–∞ —Å–∞–º–æ–º –∏–Ω—Ç–µ—Ä–µ—Å–Ω–æ–º –≤–∏–¥–µ–æ –∑–∞–∫–æ–Ω—á–∏–ª–æ—Å—å...
Dammit!
Nice to see Danish Lars Eller score the deciding 4-3 goal to win the Stanley Cup!
They deserve it they wanted it more than anyone and they were prepared
Some Capitals fans have literally been waiting for this moment since the team was created. What has it been, 44, 45 years? That's half a life time. There are 40 or 50 year old men and women who've been watching the team since they were kids who've never seen them succeed. I just can't help but imagine what this means to the Capitals fans. It's not quite the Cubs, but it's been a long time coming and all the memes, curses, all the stipulations are dead. They deserved this one.
–ü–æ–∑–¥—Ä–∞–≤–ª—è—é, –í–∞—à–∏–Ω–≥—Ç–æ–Ω!
Diehard Penguins fan here - FULL marks to this team. They've been through so many playoff disappointments, and this year they earned the Stanley Cup. Congratulations, Capitals & fans.
That elation shown from Ovechkin and the Capitals and Niskanen and all those guys who seemed cursed. Backstrom, Holtby, Carlson. My god that was amazing to watch the joy. You finally did it, Washington. You guy's finally broke the curse and I'm so god damn happy for you. I have some sadness for seeing Fleury come up just short of 3 cups in a row and seeing a story book end to Vegas' ride but Washington deserved it and they played like the team who earned it. So awesome, congratulations Washington fans.
Capitals freakin suck, they just got lucky. Pens are best
Alexander Ovechkin is finally LEGIT!!!!!!! I'm so happy for him!!!
"Russian hockey player Ovechkin frontman of the Hyper-Patriotic movement ""Putin team"" won for ""Washington"" the first Stanley Cup and is happy about this fact together with the whole America...
And the patriots of ""Putin team"" are also happy with America???"
Yes they won
Probably one of the best playoff game I have ever seen.
Congrats to the caps! Ovi deserves it!
Fleury is too hot right now. LMAO
Smith-Pelly, Eller Why Bergevin why?üòî
Knights keep your heads up high boys you guys had a great 1st year in the NHL season you boys will be  world champions soon im so proud to be a Knights fan ‚ù§
The cup is always won o  the road these days
Ovechkin is "Daaaaaaaaa!!!!" üòÄ
Not a Cpas fan but its great seeing Ovi win the cup
Clock stops working last minute of play, a chick flashing tits during the cup ceremony on live TV... what an awesome day!!!
They will probably choke in the second round again next I really wanted Vegas to win they ran out of gas when they played Washington I feel sorry for vegas
161 fans of Cirque du Soleil
Finally ovi you got it. You and caps deserved to win!
Ovi is a big supporter of dictator Putin by the way.. just want you to know about that fact
"THANK YOU CAPS....SO SICK AND TIRED OF THESE ANNOYING ELVIS ES IN THE BUILDING PRETENDING THEY CARE ABOUT HOCKEY...SO SICK AND TIRED OF THE VEGAS PRE GAME  BS CRAP..

GOLDEN SHOWERS SUCK"
–ü—ã—Ç–∞–µ—à—å—Å—è –Ω–∞–π—Ç–∏ —Ä—É—Å—Å–∫–∏–µ –∫–æ–º–º–µ–Ω—Ç—ã? –î–∞ –ª–∞–¥–Ω–æ)))) –ü—Ä–∏–∑–Ω–∞–π - –û–≤–µ—á–∫–∏–Ω –º–æ–ª–æ–¥–µ—Ü
Congratulations Capitals on winning the Cup.¬† Congratulations Golden Knights for an outstanding season.
awesome for Ovi to finally win, but he's got Holtby and the rest of the team to thank for that. About time Caps.
I followed the whole season for the first time in my life and it was awesome! Next year I hope the Kings take it!
Welcome to being real nhl fans now Vegas. Maybe you'll get to another cup final in the next 20 years like the rest of us.
‚ò∫–≤ —Å–ª–µ–¥—É—é—â–µ–º —Å–µ–∑–æ–Ω–µ –∫–æ–º–∞–Ω–¥–∞ –±—É–¥–µ—Ç –Ω–∞–∑—ã–≤–∞—Ç—å—Å—è - "–ù–∞—à–∏–Ω–≥—Ç–æ–Ω" —Ç.–∫. –±—É–¥–µ—Ç –µ—â—ë –∏ –†—É—Å—Å–∫–∏–π –≤—Ä–∞—Ç–∞—Ä—å‚ò∫
Wanted Vegas to win in 7 but congrats to the Capitals well deserved
they'd never would have beat the jets
Good for them! Well deserved. And kudos to the Golden Knights too. Two great teams. Happy for Ovie.
You showed everything except that chick flashing the Caps at the end.  Kind of disappointed in you.
First y'all told me the Pens were gonna beat them, then y'all said the lightning were gonna KILL the caps in 4 or 5 lol, and lastly the Knights were too fast and strong and would smack em around in 6.
Well deserved congratulations Ov and the Caps
This isn't the first time Vegas got shot up.
congrats to ovi but the Knights are the first NHL team to win a stanley cup final in their inaugural season
Congrazte Capitals :D
#ALLCAPS -Stanley Cup Champs nuff said :-)
He finally won Alex O finally did it
Ovie look like an Babarian, what a beast
1:20 djoos was definitely interfered with. How did refs miss that, puck squirts out of Fleury's pads and djoos gets tackled
Ovechkin deserves Stanley Cup like Ray Bouruqe did
Pens fan.  I wanted so much for Caps to lose but Ovi deserves every award he has.  I'm now glad for him.  The caps had the fire the pens had 2 years ago.  I didn't think the Pens would get past the caps in 2nd round.  Congrats Washington.  Enjoy.
Fleury did enough on this night, Neal and many of his team mates had carte blanche with the zebras down 3 games to one, Rocket Richard entered the body of Smith-Pelly and in 1972 we became aware that Russians could play hockey...in a Big way.
Finally <3
Ove broke the curse.
Fleury is just to good right now
üîÜüá®üá≠üá¶üá≤üáµüáÆüá¥üá≥üá∏üîÜ
Ovie deserved one, the Knights fans deserve to suffer like the rest of us. Welcome to the NHL, Vegas
Ovechkin is the best hockey player in the world ...
Vegas SILVER Knights
They will say Russians hacked NHL
Now the Blues need to win the cup next.
DAMMIT
Congrats Caps that was some great hockey to watch.  What a team, their individual puck-handling ability and passing plays were so crisp throughout the series, completely handcuffed Vegas.
Man show a little bit of the skate around with the cup!! Wtf
So sad
Some bad calls in this game.
Won't be any footage of them doing the cup parade because of the lady in the white dress was tits out as they went by...vegas
You gotta respect Lars Eller he was really good in the playoffs. When Backstrom was injured he we're an amazing backup. And he got the season winning goal for Washington!
2018 is tough. First the eagles, now the capitals took away championshipless memes.
Let's be honest, after all this time Ovi deserved a cup
So pumped, long time fan, 44 years is long enough! Glad it happened in the ovi era!
–ë—Ä–∞–≤–æ —à—É—Ä–∏–∫
"I think if Vegas had some more over-the-top theatrical performances before the game and maybe another Lil John performance complete with Travis Barker beating his little drum, then maybe Vegas could have won more than 1 game in the finals. 

C-A-P-S CAPS! CAPS! CAPS!"
–ú–µ—á—Ç—ã —Å–±—ã–≤–∞—é—Ç—Å—è –Ω–µ —Ç–æ–ª—å–∫–æ –≤ –ì–∞—Å–ø—Ä–æ–º–µ!!!!!!!!!!!
–ü–æ–∑–¥—Ä–∞–≤–ª–µ–Ω–∏—è —Å—Ç–æ–ª–∏—á–Ω—ã–º –∏ –ù–ê–®–ò–ú –ü–ê–†–ù–Ø–ú!!!!
"Smith-Pelly's goal üò≤
That guy sure gave it his all during the playoffs."
The referees lost againt washington
Knights in 9... wait a minute... All jokes aside tho congrats to Ovi and the caps on their first cup! They deserved it!üèÜüèÜ
Caps flopping around like LeBron last night.
just to easy to blame Sbisa for all, the capitals were just the better team.
They really earned this Cup with how they played through each round. And I say this as a Rangers fan.
Man, Ovi lifting up that cup seemed like a movie
Was Fleury not at least given an award? He played really well, while the finals wasn't the best for him he still made many great saves and games before that he barley let any in most of the time lol
"Washingtons first Stanely cup? wow...I thought they had one way back in time lol.

turned out I was terribly wrong there"
Alex ovechkin, Washington capitals, Stanley Cup champion, never thought I'd see the day when those words come together, I'm far from a caps fan and I never will be, never been a fan of ovi either but it just looked like every fibre in his being took a massive sigh of relief, congrats ovi! You finally did it! üëçüëçüëç
Notice how the Vegas fans didn't even stay to congratulate the team that ‚Äúdid so much‚Äù for the city. It emptied out right after the clock ran out. That's real hockey support right there
2:23 bullshit goal
russian hacking
I doesnt follow NHL but I reallu hopea that vegas had won couse first season in NHL AMD stanley cup but atleas ovi got his first stanley cup
Sens fan but I always had a deep respect for Ovechkin. I was very happy for him because he deserved one.
Capitals deserved that piece of honor known as the Stanley Cup, they also needed it.
About time guys, this squad was too good to not get at least one.
Congratulations Caps goosebumps
This gives me chills
Pittsburgh remembers when Fleury had Swiss cheese gloves
For the first time in for ever
I'd like to personally extend my congratulations to the Golden Knights for winning the "we-didn't-care-about-winning-because-no-one-even-expected-us-to-be-here" award. We've heard it all year from you guys and now we'll enjoy it too because no one remembers the losers.
"Vegas lost üòÇüòÇ ah hahahaha
What just happened didn't stay in Vegas"
My opinion is that ovechkin didn't deserve the Stanley cup.... his shot is the only thing that keeps him in NHL
"That's cool!!!
Heartfelt happig Washington From Germany! 
Ohne and Co deserve that! üçæüçæüçæüçæüçæüéÜüéÜüéÜüéÜüéÜüèíüèíüèíüèíüèíüèÜüèÜüèÜüèÜüèÜüíïüíïüíïüíïüíï"
ovi deserves to win the cup...what a great thing Vegas lost...
–°–∞–Ω—ë–∫ –Ω–∞–∫–æ–Ω–µ—Ü-—Ç–∞–∫–∏ –≤–∑—è–ª —Å–≤–æ–π –∑–∞–≤–µ—Ç–Ω—ã–π –∫—É–±–æ–∫ !
Putin and Ovi are best friends. Tough russian guy
üò¢
Let's goo dc
Congrats Ovi and the Caps from a Flyers fan I am so glad u guys finally exorcised all ur demons lucky 13 for u Ovi I know exactly how u guys and ur fans feel as I felt the exact same way when my Eagles finally won back in February
Ovi is going to take the cup to Russia and we'll never see it again
Three teams have won their first championship between 2017 and now: Houston Astros win 1st World Series, Philadelphia Eagles win 1st Super Bowl, and now Washington Caps win 1st Stanley Cup.
So HONESTLY, where does Ovechkin rank in regards to greatest all-time, or top whatever?
You suck  capitals
I love Ovi, I'm so thrilled he got the cup
Ovi deserved itüëè
I hope Ovi realizes he's not in Russia and can get that tooth fixed
I just think Marc-Andre Fleury is too good right now
Hey Karl Alzner... must suck for you! Ohhh wait.. If you were still playing for the caps.. They probably would've lost the series. Congrats caps.. well deserved!
Sbisa! Ahhahahaa!
Finally!  This means so much to the long-suffering fans of DC teams!
Well deserved. Congrats 2 Ovi and WSH!
In a caps fan myself. And im.so happy they finally won! But people seem to forget about backstrom. Without him this wouldve never happened.
WOO NO MORE ANNOYING PENS OR FLYERS FANS SAYING WE DON'T HAVE A CUP
Watching the final minute and they keep panning to Ovi. You can see how much he needs it. Any when he finally lifts the Cup, you can see the years of heartbreak and disappointment fall off of him and he's in a state of pure joy, elation.
Congrats to Ovi and Caps from Habs fan.
I sleeped first 9minutes of match lol
Let's Go Caps!
im a vegas fan, but im still happy for OVI
FINALLY Alex wins one!! Congratulations Washington! !
Sasha and Zhenya,deserve this cup
I was on knights side but seeing ovi with the cup changed my mind. GG
Honestly I can't be happier for Ovi. Well deserved and long overdue
Wow fleury you did so good all season then showed us why Pittsburgh didn't protect you
I've been following the CAPITALS üòâ since I was a little girl back in Maryland at Landover Stadium when it still stood (I'm 46 btw). All I have to say is, CONGRATULATIONS!!!!  IT'S ABOUT DANG TIME!!!! GO CAPS!!!! üòÇüëçüëè
Ovechkin for president :)
The crowd is not moving.... lmao
Grats Ovechkin....  all time great who deserves a Cup...  now everyone see,,again ,, that winning a Cup is not easy... Capitals won many Presidents Cups without a championship... again...congrats CAPITALS... Vegas run ou of gas from playing hard since game 1 of the NHL season. Period.
So happy for them they finally did it and the best part ks almost no one on that rosterever had a cup
Not gonna lie I cracked up when ovi lifted the cup
suck on that vegas.  Glad u lost
Congrats Ovi!!
YESSSSS
"–°–∞—à–∫–∞ - –≥–æ—Ä–¥–æ—Å—Ç—å!)
Russia is so proud of Alex, he's the treasure"
WHAT IN THE PETER BONDRA DID I JUST WITNESS???
Congrats to the caps.  They deserved it. Outplayed the knights on every level. What an awesome ride it was with the knights though. I'm a bit of ashamed of our ‚Äúfans‚Äù though. Obviously thousands resold their tickets.
Congrats to Oshie, Ovechkin, and the Capitals!  Holtby stood on his head, great goaltending. Vegas, you boys have nothing to hang your heads about, what an amazing season you guys had, many many great years ahead
As a neutral viewer It would have been too hype to see vegas win but I guess the Caps deserve it
–ò –≥—É–ª—è–ª–∏ –æ–Ω–∏ —Ç—Ä–∏ –¥–Ω—è –∏ —Ç—Ä–∏ –Ω–æ—á–∏!!! –ù—É –∞ –≤–æ–æ–±—â–µ –ê–ª–µ–∫—Å –∫—Ä–∞—Å–∞–≤–∞, –∫—Ä–∞—Å–∞–≤–∞ –ö—É–∑—è, –û—Ä–ª–æ–≤ –º–æ–ª–æ–¥–µ—Ü –∏ –≤—Å—è –∫–æ–º–∞–Ω–¥–∞!!!–ò –µ—Å–ª–∏ –æ–Ω–∏ –∏ –≤ —Å–ª–µ–¥—É—é—â–µ–º —Å–µ–∑–æ–Ω–µ –≤–æ–∑—å–º—É—Ç –∫—É–±–æ–∫, —Ç–æ –º–æ–∂–µ—Ç –¥—É–±–ª–∏–∫–∞—Ç –∫—É–±–∫–∞ –°—Ç—ç–Ω–ª–∏ –æ—Å—Ç–∞–≤—è—Ç –≤ –†–æ—Å—Å–∏–∏ –∫–∞–∫ —Ç—Ä–æ—Ñ–µ–π, –≤ –∑–Ω–∞–∫ –±–ª–∞–≥–æ–¥–∞—Ä–Ω–æ—Å—Ç–∏ –≤—Å–µ–º—É –†–æ—Å—Å–∏–π—Å–∫–æ–º—É –∏ –°–æ–≤–µ—Ç—Å–∫–æ–º—É —Ö–æ–∫–∫–µ—é –∑–∞ –æ–≥—Ä–æ–º–Ω—ã–π –≤–∫–ª–∞–¥ —Ä–æ—Å—Å–∏–π—Å–∫–∏—Ö —Ö–æ–∫–∫–µ–∏—Å—Ç–æ–≤ –≤ –ù–•–õ. –î—É–º–∞—é —Ç–∞–∫ –ø—Ä–∞–≤–∏–ª—å–Ω–æ –∏ —Å–ø—Ä–∞–≤–µ–¥–ª–∏–≤–æ –±—ã–ª–æ. –î–∞ –∏ –ø–æ–ª–∏—Ç–∏–∫–µ —Å–±–ª–∏–∂–µ–Ω–∏—è –Ω–∞—Ä–æ–¥–æ–≤ –±–æ–ª—å—à–æ–π –ø–ª—é—Å! –í—Å–µ–º —Å–∞–ª–∞–º!
#3PEAT #3ELIEVE where my penguins fans at lmao.
From one of the seventeen Canes fans, congrats to Washington for keeping the Cup in the East AND beating an expansion team with the dumbest name and logo in recent years. Thank you, Caps... Thank you.
Doesn't really count as a true Cup win.  Vegas was a scrub team with a superb goalie that carried them all year.  Vegas basically was only there because they got a 3 time Cup winning goalie on loan from Pittsburgh üòÇüòÇüòÇüòÇüòÇüòÇ
I am a penguins fan
Vegas or Pittsburgh should have won
Love seeing the emotion from ovi, once he's being presented the cup looks like he's about to burst out tears of joy and I couldn't be happier for him
Congrats Caps curse broken. Congrats –û–≤–µ—á–∫–∏–Ω—É –∏ –ö—É–∑–Ω–µ—Ü–æ–≤—É
"lol those rewtard cut off the most important part wich is the great ovechkin's celabratin at the end who is priceless
f0cking m0r9ns lol"
#VegasWeak
Y es
Vegas was a fluke all year! F em!
Ovi and Backs you deserve it !!! Thank you for your faithfulness !!! Only capitals, only - victory !!!
I knew once the CAPS scored Vegas would go back to their normal "hack & whack" style of hockey. The better team won the CUP. Congrats to the CAPS!!!!
Congratz OVI OVI OVI Graz!!!!
The strippers are going to kill it tonight!!!! Stanley's getting a lapper with Ovi
Finallyy washington won!!! Amazing now they go to president white house!!! Trump will see u now!!
Thank you Russia, not for helping Trump but for Ovi
5:01 best moment
"–ê–ª–µ–∫—Å–∞–Ω–¥—Ä –í–µ–ª–∏–∫–∏–π.
–¢–µ–ø–µ—Ä—å —è –≤—Å–µ–≥–¥–∞ –±—É–¥—É –Ω–∞–∑—ã–≤–∞—Ç—å –µ–≥–æ —Ç–æ–ª—å–∫–æ —Ç–∞–∫, –Ω–∏–∫–∞–∫ –∏–Ω–∞—á–µ."
The bubble finally burst for the Knights. They won't be back for awhile...maybe 20 yrs like the Caps. See ya in 2038.
—É—Ä–∞!! —Å –ø–æ–±–µ–¥–æ–π —Å–∞–Ω—è!!!
one thing off Ovi's list. keep it going!!
–í–µ–≥–∞—Å –º–æ–ª–æ–¥—Ü—ã))) –£–¥–∞—á–∏ –≤ —Å–ª–µ–¥—É—é—â–µ–º —Å–µ–∑–æ–Ω–µ
Great to see Ovechkin finally get one!
Ovi,congratulations! –£—Ä–∞! –û—á–µ–Ω—å –∑–∞ —Ç–µ–±—è —Ä–∞–¥!
yeahhhhh!!!! üá∑üá∫
Lol refs tried everything to help Vegas to win lol Ovi Ovi Ovi
–°–∞–Ω—è –ª—É—á—à–∏–π!!!
Ovi LEGEND
Congrats for them for making it to the Holy Grail
Man I'm so happy for Ovi and Backstrom.. to see them lift the cup together after all these years was pretty damn awesome.
Where are all the bandwagon knights fan now that they lost no one is commenting about them.
I'm so happy for the Caps. Congrats guys
Omg.. im in tears... finally ovi won
That Vegas penalty kill was painful to watch all series. Why they didn't make any changes blows my mind... So many goals given up shorthanded
Dude when ov held that cup i actually cried
"They're gonna get kicked out by the bolts anyway they said" "oh there gonna lose to vegas they said"
Noooooo why Vegas whyyyyy
I don't like the caps but seeing how much it meant to ovi you can tell how hard they worked for it congrats caps fans you definitely deserve this
Congrats to Trotz. One of the league's most dedicated coaches. Glad to see him finally get the greatest trophy in all of sports.
–í—ñ—Ç–∞–Ω–Ω—è –∑ –£–∫—Ä–∞—ó–Ω–∏ –¥–ª—è –û–≤—ñ & –°–æ!!! –õ–µ–≥–µ–Ω–¥–∏!!!
Trade sbiza plz
Washington Capitals rule the world.Great Win.Enjoy the Stanley Cup.
It was not easy -- in this city even the clock is loaded.
so deserved :-)
Ovi great now officially.
Vegas nu cto vi takie Luzeri....(
–û–≤–∏–∏–∏–∏–∏!!!
CAPS!!!!!
"–¢–†–ò –†–£–°–°–ö–ò–• –ú–£–®–ö–ï–¢–ï–†–ê –í–ï–°–¨ –°–ï–ó–û–ù –¢–ê–©–ò–õ–ò –í–ê–®–ò–ì!!!
–ë–†–ê–í–û!!!!... –û–ù–ò –≠–¢–û –°–î–ï–õ–ê–õ–ò!!!!"
Well deserved
In D.C. for every game. Too litttttt!!!
Upload at 60fos you losers
Finally
As a vegas fan ithe still give credit to both capitals and knights. But I feel like the knights will try again next season and could have a rematch with the caps
–ú–æ–ª–æ–¥—Ü—ã!!))
Serves Vegas right for their shooting hoax.
What about Kuznetsov? The best play-off score as you can see.
ty sbisa for letting the caps get the final 2 goals. Bum.
—Ä–∞–¥ –∑–∞ –æ–≤—Ü—É –Ω–æ –Ω–µ —Ä–∞—Å—Å—Ç—Ä–æ–µ–Ω –∑–∞ –≤–µ–≥–∞—Å, —ç—Ç–æ –∂–µ –∫–∞–∫ –ª–µ—Å—Ç–µ—Ä –ø–æ—á—Ç–∏
Fleury sucks ass.
I've been a Washington fan all my life. At 18 years old currently. Going through  the early 2000s redskins being a laughing stock of the nfl. Wizards getting beaten down in the playoffs. Nationals not being able to compete post season. The capitals finally powered through a rough playoff stand these past few years. I'm still in tears üò≠. LETS GOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
Finally Mr. Infinity's name (Ovi) is etched for all eternity.
Gz to Washington. Rip Vegas . Gr8 first season! :-(
finally my '98 capslogo will now never go in vain üòÄ
Thanks a lot Washington Capitals if Vegas golden knights who won the Stanley Cup who knows maybe the Vegas golden knights will get the cup next year
As a wings fan happy for Ovechkin finally getting his cup well done üëçüèª
Knights! üíõüíõüíõ
–î–∞–∞–∞–∞! –ö–∞–∫ –º—ã –±–æ–ª–µ–ª–∏ –∑–∞ –í–∞—à–∏–∫–æ–≤!
Glad they won, that Perron goal was bs
Jesus the Knights choke every year smh
–ó–∞ —Å–µ–±—è –∏ –∑–∞ –°–∞—à–∫—É!
ThE REfS WoN tHe GaME
Skip the celly wow
Booooo
Congrats Alex! Go Capitals!!!
Man I'm so disappointed in the knights,they're better then this,but man to many mistakes on defense, congrats capitals.
Not sure how the refs just let anything go such as crosschecks and trips, but I do agree with the other comments that the caps outplayed the knights. I mean its very easy to outplay a team when you're slashing and tripping and crosschecking players and getting away with it...but as a pens fan im glad to see Ovi and Kuzy get a cup, they are the only ones who deserved it. Everyone else on the caps is dirty and cheapshot any chance they get...
whasington winsüôåüôå
Congrats to the Caps...from a fan of neither side....  Clearly the better team.
I took a pill 'cause Sbisa üé∂  - Vegas fans
"Holtby pulled a 2017 fleury and carried tf outta his team.

Everyone happy for ovi, but holtby deserves it more.
He was like a brick wall.

Congrats, I'm still slightly salty about r2, but Crosby and guentzel can't carry forever, so kinda deserved that loss tbh"
Devante Malik Smith-Pelly Amazing GOAL!!!
VGK goal #2 NO GOAL!! Quit Cheating for Vegas NHL and Refs!
"Shoutout to my mans Kuzy and Oshie, two fvcking ballers. Oshie a real one for taking the metro, and knocking that dudes tooth out game 4!üëåüòçüèÜ




Let's go Caps!üèÜ"
"Congrats to both the Capitals and the Knights! Both teams fought like hell and both will be remembered as legends for this. 

Caps and Ovi for winning their first cup.

Knights for dominating the season and making it to the finals in their inaugural season and becoming true underdogs. 

What amazing achievements for both teams"
–°–ª–∞–≤–∞ –ú–∞–ª–∞–º—É–¥ –Ω–∞–¥–µ—é—Å—å —Ç–µ–ø–µ—Ä—å –ø–æ–≤–µ—Å–∏—Ç—Å—è?
Yeesss!! Finally, Ovechkin has the Cup!!! Congratulations, Alexander!! All the best and more victories.
–ì–£–õ–Ø–Æ–¢ –í–°–ï! –° –ü–û–ë–ï–î–û–ô –ë–†–ê–¢–¨–Ø –î–†–£–ó–¨–Ø WASHINGTON CHAMPIONS 2017-2018
–ö—Ä–∞—Å–∞–≤—Ü—ã! –°–∞—à–∞ –æ—Ç –¥—É—à–∏ –ø–æ–∑–¥—Ä–∞–≤–ª—è—é, —Ç—ã –¥–æ–ª–≥–æ –∫ —ç—Ç–æ–º—É —à–µ–ª –±—Ä–∞—Ç!
Congrats Caps. You guys earned it  :D
Ovi deserve that so much!
The Redskins better learn from this and win a super bowl now.  GO CAPS!!!!!!!!
Luca Sbisa the GOAT
NHL MOST PRESTIGE TROPHY HAS FINALLY COME DOWN TO OVI. ON A SIDE NOTE, KIM HUGHSON STILL HAS THE BEAUTIFUL VOICEüëç
Neal looks like woody from toy story tried molly for the first time and got a hold of the red hair dye at the grocery store and perron looks like if billy zane gave himself plastic surgery but is covering it up with guyliner.
–ö–∞–∫ –Ø –∂–¥–∞–ª —ç—Ç–æ–≥–æ –º–æ–º–µ–Ω—Ç–∞, —ç—Ç—É –ü–æ–±–µ–¥—É! –û—á–µ–Ω—å —Ä–∞–¥ –∑–∞ –í–∞—à–∏–Ω–≥—Ç–æ–Ω, –æ—á–µ–Ω—å —Ä–∞–¥ –∑–∞ –û–≤–∏, –∑–∞ –ö—É–∑—è –∏ –∑–∞ –∫–æ–º–∞–Ω–¥—É!!!
"Haters will be haters 

LETS GO CAPS"
Marchand should get a 2 game suspension for this..
"Hey everyone please watch my video
üî• ‚ÄúGOD‚Äù üî•with your support you'll help my music reach the world. Thanks GOD bless."
Sbisa is so trash üòÇüòÇüòÇ
SO HAPPY FOR OVI- THE GREATEST!!!!
These commentators are so trash. How can anyone listen to these guys? So boring to listen to
Congrats
big congratulations to Ovechkin & co.  from the Czech rep. (Rangers fan)
–° –ø–æ–±–µ–¥–æ–π —Å—Ç–æ–ª–∏—á–Ω—ã–µ,–≤—ã —ç—Ç–æ–≥–æ –∑–∞—Å–ª—É–∂–∏–ª–∏.–Ω–∞—à–∏ –ø–∞—Ä–Ω–∏ –ª—É—á—à–µ –≤—Å–µ—Ö
seeing ovi lift up that cup, priceless. hoping that I'd see that with the canucks in my life time
–°–∞—à–∫–∞ –ø–æ—Ç—Ä–µ–ø–∞–ª —Ç—ã –º–Ω–µ –Ω–µ—Ä–≤—ã —Å —É—Ç—Ä–∞.–Ø –æ—á–µ–Ω—å —Ä–∞–¥ —Ç—ã –º—É–∂–∏–∫!
ALL CAPS!!!! WE ARE THE CHAMPPION MY FRIEND.... CAPITALS IS BEST HOCKEY TEAM EVER!!!
smith pelly had a lot of clutch goals
Russian interference!!
Caps fan here, great series but I wonder where the other Caps 'fans' are that kept saying "NHL is rigged" when the Caps lost game 1.
–ù—É,–Ω–∞–∫–æ–Ω–µ—Ü-—Ç–æ, —Ä–∞–¥ –∑–∞ –Ω–∞—à–∏—Ö
Was routing for vegas but ove did deserve a cup. Im happy either way
–ù—É –Ω–∞–∫–æ–Ω–µ—Ü-—Ç–æ –ø–æ–∑–¥—Ä–∞–≤–ª—è–µ–º –ê–ª–µ–∫—Å–∞–Ω–¥—Ä–∞ –í–µ–ª–∏–∫–æ–≥–æ!!!))) –í–æ—Ç –∫–æ–≥–¥–∞ –Ω–∞–¥–æ –ø–æ –≤—Å–µ–π –†–æ—Å—Å–∏–∏ –≤—ã—Ö–æ–¥–Ω—ã–µ –∏ –ø—Ä–∞–∑–¥–Ω–∏–∫ –û–±—ä—è–≤–ª—è—Ç—å –≤—Å–µ –Ω–∞—Ä–æ–¥–Ω—ã–π!!!!!!!))) –ï—Å–ª–∏ –±—ã –í–∞—à–∏–Ω–≥—Ç–æ–Ω –æ—Ç–ª–æ–∂–∏–ª –ø–æ–±–µ–¥—É –Ω–∞ –¥–æ–º–∞—à–Ω–∏–π –º–∞—Ç—á —Ç–æ –∫–∞–∫ —Ä–∞–∑ –ø—Ä–∏—à–ª–æ—Å—å –±—ã –∫–æ –¥–Ω—é –†–æ—Å—Å–∏–∏ –∏ –º–æ–∂–Ω–æ –±—ã–ª–æ –±—ã –ø–µ—Ä–µ–∏–º–µ–Ω–æ–≤–∞—Ç—å —ç—Ç–æ—Ç –ø—Ä–∞–∑–¥–Ω–∏–∫ –≤ –¥–µ–Ω—å –∫—É–±–∫–∞ –û–≤–µ—á–∫–∏–Ω–∞!!!‚ÇΩ‚ÇΩ‚ÇΩ)))))))))
Would've been cool to see the knights pull it off, but im happy for #8
Let's go cap's
–°–∞–Ω—è –¥–æ–ª–≥–æ –∫ —ç—Ç–æ–º—É —à—ë–ª, –∑–∞—Å–ª—É–∂–∏–ª, –≤–æ–ø—Ä–æ—Å–æ–≤ –Ω–µ—Ç.
DC went nuts!  I went to the viewing party outside Capital One arena and it's an experience I'll never forget. Insane.
–ê—Å–µ–π –∫–æ–º–∞–Ω–¥–µ –ø–∞–º—è—Ç–Ω–∏–∫ –ø—Ä–∏ –∂–∏–∑–Ω–∏ –≤ —Ü–µ–Ω—Ç—Ä–µ –≤–∞—à–∏–Ω–≥—Ç–æ–Ω–∞üëçüëçüëçüëçüëçüëçüëçüëçüëçüëçüëçüëçüëç
I bet there are some Pens fans saying OVI got CROSBY'S Sloppy Seconds
all the caps and Ovi haters can suck it and hopefully they respect us now ! I love this team and these players and ova will go down as one of the greatest players of all time
It was final time for Ovie to win it, well done Caps
PETER BONDRA>ALEXANDER OVECHKIN. LETS NOT FORGET WHAT NUMBER 12 IN D.C BEFORE OVIE
"Funny. 2 habs rejects tie and win the game and a team wearing blue, red, and white lift the cup this century... but it isn't the habs. 

Congrats ovi and your team, best cup hoist since chara!"
it's about time. caps should have won 3 or 4 already.
USA USA USA!!!!!!
Quick Washington better sign OV to an 8 year extension,he's still got hockey in him.
CAPS! OVI!!!! Champions!!!! :D
"Congratz Caps! Finally the curse have been lifted!



And congratz for Vegas making it to the finals! Nobody believed that would happen before it did."
The Vegas player partial block on the gwg is what made fluery not make the save
From an #Avs fan, congrats to the Caps for finally getting the Cup! Happy that Ovi got the monkeys off his back!
I'm just happy that penguins didn't won
–ï–¥–∏–Ω—Å—Ç–≤–µ–Ω–Ω–æ–µ  —á—Ç–æ –º–µ–Ω—è  —Ä–∞—Å—Å—Ç—Ä–æ–∏–ª–æ -,, –¥–∞,,  –æ–Ω —Å–∫–∞–∑–∞–ª –ø–æ-–∞–Ω–≥–ª–∏–π—Å–∫–∏(. –ê –≤ —Ü–µ–ª–æ–º –ú–æ–ª–æ–¥–µ—Ü –û–≤–µ—á–∫–∏–Ω-—Å–º–æ—Ç—Ä–µ–ª –º–∞—Ç—á –æ–Ω–ª–∞–π–Ω-–±–ª—è—Ç—å, –∫–∞–∫ –∑–∞ —Å–±–æ—Ä–Ω—É—é  –±–æ–ª–µ–ª. - –æ–Ω —Ä–µ–∞–ª—å–Ω–æ –ö–∞–ø–∏—Ç–∞–Ω.
What was song when ovi lifted the Stanley cup
Good. We don't need some damn expansion team taking home the cup on their first season.
–û–≤–µ—á–∫–∏–Ω –∫—Ä—É—Ç. –ü–æ–∑–¥—Ä–∞–≤–ª—è—é!!! –ù–∞–∫–æ–Ω–µ—Ü —Ç–æ –∫—É–±–æ–∫!!!
–õ–ï–¢'–° –ì–û –ö–≠–ü–°!
Sbisa is ass
Rename the golden knights to the silver knights Bc they got 2nd in the playoffs lol. They can rename themselves back to golden when they win a cup
–†–∞–¥ –∑–∞ –û–≤–∏
Somebody was seriously messing with clock for Vegas to get the tying goal! It was obvious!
This day will be remembered as one of the greatest days in dc history
Gongrcastioltions
Sbisa still got the Canucks spirit within him.
Ovi The Great
Great Capitals,Great OVI.
HOCKEY IN LAS VEGAS; LOL, LOL, üèíü•Öü§ßüò©üò´üò©üò©üò∞üò∞üò•ü§≠
Congratulations to the #Capitals and #Ovi! More highlights here...https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VLfxUGyfVm0
Im so happy sbisa left at the expansion draft now
It would been a better  final with Nashville  sanjose or Winnipeg  but bettman golden nights ruined it
–ì–µ—Ä–æ–∏, –°–æ—Ç–≤–æ—Ä–∏–ª–∏ –∏—Å—Ç–æ—Ä–∏—é —á–µ—Ä–µ–∑ –∫—Ä–æ–≤—å –∏ –ø–æ—Ç!!!! –ñ–¥–µ–º —Ç—É—Ä –ö—É–±–∫–∞ –°—Ç—ç–Ω–ª–∏ –ø–æ –≤—Å–µ–π –†–æ—Å—Å–∏–∏!!!!!!!!!!!!!!)
I'm a Chicago fan, but the Caps sure did deserve it, congrats!!!
We're getting a parade!
Spoilers in the description... some like to watch the HLs without knowing the result
"Stick a fork in Vegas they're DONE!!!!
LOL, Now, what happened to the game clock in the final seconds? 
I had to LMAO ON THAT ONE. 
I warned you not to go with the rough stuff.  
GREAT JOB CAPITALS, VERY WELL DONE!!!
You looked like SUPER CHAMPIONS."
–°–∞–Ω—è –∫—Ä–∞—Å–∞–≤—á–∏–∫ —Å–ø–∞—Å–∏–±–æ —á—Ç–æ –ø–æ–±–µ–¥–∏–ª üí™
Who here is excited for Urinating tree to have to do a video on this team winning?
"The Caps finally won the Cup?
I blame Leo DiCaprio finally winning an Oscar. Ever since that happened the universe has been out of whack :^)"
Great job caps! Russians never quit congratulations to Ovi and Kuzy top two scorers in the play offs!
"üëäüèºüëäüèºüíô‚ù§Ô∏è 
dang
i screamed when vrana scored"
WE ARE THE CHAMPIONS MY FRIENDS!!!!!
WE FINALLY DID IT!! #ALLCAPS #STANLEYCUPCHAMPS
–î–∞–≤–Ω–æ –æ–Ω –º–µ—á—Ç–∞–ª —ç—Ç–æ –≤—ã–∏–≥—Ä–∞—Ç—å...
I was on the Knights side but seeing Ovi hoist the cup made we kinda smile idk GG caps GG
Great game. Congrats Caps fans! So happy for you guys.
urinating tree? Where You at?
Even the goaltender interference goal and shutting off the game clock during the last minute of the game couldn't save the Vegas Golden Bettmans.
Congrats Ovi. Long awaited and well deserved. :)
–£—Ö, –±–ª—è, –¥–æ –º—É—Ä–∞—à–µ–∫. –û–í–ò –≤–µ–ª–∏–∫–∏–π, —Ç–µ–ø–µ—Ä—å –æ—Ñ–∏—Ü–∏–∞–ª—å–Ω–æ
–û–±–æ–ª–¥–µ—Ç—å  —Ñ–∏–Ω–∞–ªüëçüëçüëçüëçüëçüëçüëçüëçüëçüëç
"Caps Cup Run:
Round 1: Barry Trotz elects to start Grubauer over Holtby to start playoffs, go down 2-0, some pundits didn't give the Caps a chance. Holtby starts Game 3, delivers and Caps go on to win 4 straight.
Round 2: Playing against Pittsburgh, they won't make it out of the second round again, beat Penguins in 6 games.
Round 3: Playing Tampa, go down 3-2 after being up 2-0 and losing both games at home and heading home for Game 6. Holtby and the Caps deliver in Game 6 and 7 and move on.
Round 4: Vegas, lost close Game 1, ends up winning the next 4 games. Ovechkin FINALLY gets to the top of the mountain.
Congrats Caps from Saskatoon.
The turning point of the Caps Cup run: Trotz's decision to start Braden Holtby in Game 3."
Congrats to Ovi and the Caps on a great series and well deserved victory. So great to finally see the great 8 with the Cup.
Yes we did it after years of surfing go Washington capitals
You deserve that one ovy
The raw emotion of sheer passion from Ovechkin when he lifted the cup is priceless. Congrats Caps fans, you guys deserve it.
NBA sucks
Love Washington
What is it with teams winning the Cup on the road in the last couple if years?
Hats off to the Capitals. They had a hell of a game. As a Knights fan, it is pretty sad to see your team lose in the final but we should be proud of our season. Congratulations Ovi it was many years of frustration but you finally did it.
Being a Canuck fan I was able to see a lot of the early Barry Trotz teams when we played Nashville, he is one heck of a coach and i'm glad he got a cup. Ovechkin's hard work finally payed off after all the early playoff exits.. Congrats Capitals' fans.
Unfair game..vegas shouldve won
Year ago people were asking to sell OVi.  Contrats to CAPS and Great Job Barry Trotz
"I cried

what a season!!!!  and congrats to #ALLCAPS and OVI!!"
Jets fan here, so happy to see Ovechkin lift his first cup!
YASSSSSSSSSSSS
The Caps last 2 goals are exactly why the Canucks got rid of Luca Sbisa.
Congrats to the caps from a CBJ fan
The clock stops working all of a sudden with a minute left, Hmmmm ü§îü§îü§î.  BETTMAN!!! Anyways GG.
Vegas in 4
Where are all those vegas fan? And where are all those media that they said vegas will win in 6 games.. i bet millions of people lose the bet.. great job Caps.. lol
CAN COCKY VEGAS BANDWAGONERS SHUT UP NOW?
Comeback sweep!
5:17 Me when I win a solo squad in Fortnite
A hodgepodge, scraggly group of misfits make it to the final in the Stanley Cup playoffs .... in their first year. Perfect fodder for Hollywood. Look for them at a theatre near you!
We finally did it!  4 straight to win the Cup!  They deserve it more than any other team in hockey!  If this is a dream I hope I don't wake up.
"Capitals cogratulations with a victory in the Stanley Cup üèÜ
Ovi Great deserved üèÜ üëè üëè"
The ‚ÄúCapitals can't win a championship‚Äù memes have plummeted in value. Cut your losses and reinvest elsewhere. Marchand kissing players is still a hot market.
Leafs would have won this game
wish cris cuthbert was calling the game. hughston is horrible. monotone robot.
Finally, CAPS! ‚ù§
I'm so happy for OVI and I'm a ranger fan...so much respect for OVI I love him good job
Ovi hoisting the cup very emotional :(
Knights in 4.
"Capitals cogratulations with a victory in the Stanley Cup üèÜ
Ovi Great üëè üëè"
I'm crying now
WASHINGTON CHAMPION ! ! !
Congrats GR8!
They will probably choke next round anyways, who cares
Stanley Cup Finals > NBA Finals
Well I'll be Damned They Fcking Did it Washington Capitals are your 2017 18 Stanley Cup Champions
the memes are dead
this video makes me cry
Wow
Bring back the nordiques
Let's Go Blues!
The original six right there
My boya the bruins are the 4th team ever jeez
VGK baby.   go knights go.
No Vancouver millionaires
They'll have to update this in 2020 for Seattle
This is perfect
RIP Whalers
Bring NHL to Seattle
Hey didn't Seattle win in 1917
Did I miss the buff a slug!? Noooooo!
I don't know why, but I always thought that Anaheim was up north for some reason.
OMG I didn't Know that St. Louis use to be the eagles!
Hartford has the most creative logo and best jerseys of all time dont @ me
There's pretty much only one more spot, so that there's 32 teams. Comment where that franchise should settle.
Hopefully the Golden knights stick around, I like them
HAPPY 100TH ANNIVERSARY!!! WE LOVE AND SUPPORT YOU!!!!!
So nice !
imagine newfoundland getting a team that would be SICK
Mexican team?
There needs To be 4 more teams, The Houston Voyagers (I know that name came from madden),  Quebec Nordiques (Again), the Mexico City Aztecs, and  Seattle Monarchs
tampa bay lightning had 3 logos not 2
Vote in reply... would you rather have Seattle team houston team or Quebec City team?
"New team in Seattle
Coyotes,panthers,hurricanes move to Milwaukee, Canadian City,Houston or any other city that can support a team"
Sucks cause I wish Georgia kept a hockey team
1993 = Peak
I wonder when the NHL will expand into Wisconsin? Make for an interesting centeral division
How many teams did Toronto need in 1917.  37 for good measure?
Seattle 2020
Too bad the modern NHL Is soft, unwatchable
Seattle Mets?
Who's dumb idea was to move Hartford Quebec City and Minnesota
I love the music
the red wings have used their logo for 70 years jesus
Hartfold wants their team back
This made me cry
Their fan base is HORRRIBLE the strongest fan base is probably Vegas or Tampa
Columbus dosent need a team
"ARIZONA PARTY COYOTES LOGO
HATE THE TEAM
MISS THE LOGO"
I'm not American, never lived there, not even that(although I'm now getting interested) fond with Ice Hockey but I had a jacket with a logo I recognized in this video, it's the Philadelphia Flyers! It's from my childhood when even though I probably didn't know about NHL at the time, I find this interesting. PS. I live in Dubai, always have.
What's music?
Whats this editor?
"It might be out there, but what about a 36 team league with new teams in;
Seattle,
Cleveland,
Quebec City,
Hartford,
And Hamilton."
Seeing the Whalers move to Carolina made me really sad.
Im just here waiting for Quebec Nordiques so I can have a team to support. I had Nordiques jersey when I was a kid in Finland.
"1917: The National Hockey League is founded, and only four teams exist: The Toronto Arenas, Ottawa Senators, Montreal Wanderers, and the Montreal Canadiens.
1918: The Montreal Wanderers become defunct, leaving only 3 teams.
1919: The Quebec Bulldogs joins the NHL. The Toronto Arenas are rebranded as the Toronto St.Pats.
1920: The Quebec Bulldogs relocate to Hamilton, and become the Hamilton Tigers.
1924: The Montreal Maroons and the Boston Bruins join the NHL.
1925: The Pittsburgh Pirates and the New York Americans join the NHL (with players bought from the Hamilton Tigers, which became defunct in the same year).
1926: The Chicago Black Hawks, Detroit Cougars, and New York Rangers join the NHL.
1927: The Toronto St.Pats renames their team the Toronto Maple Leafs.
1930: The Pittsburgh Pirates relocate to Philadelphia and become the Philadelphia Quakers. Detroit renames their team the Detroit Falcons.
1931: The Philadelphia Quakers become defunct.
1932: The Detroit Falcons are rebranded as the Detroit Red Wings.
1934: The Ottawa Senators relocate to St. Louis, and become the St.Louis Eagles.
1935: The St. Louis Eagles become defunct.
1938: The Montreal Maroons become defunct.
1941: The New York Americans are renamed the Brooklyn Americans.
1942: The Brooklyn Americans become defunct.
1967: Six new expansion teams are added to the NHL: the Philadelphia Flyers, Pittsburgh Penguins, Minnesota North Stars, St. Louis Blues, Los Angeles Kings, and the Oakland/California Seals.
1970: The Vancouver Canucks, and the Buffalo Sabres join the NHL. The Oakland Seals become the California Golden Seals.
1972: The Atlanta Flames and the New York Islanders join the NHL.
1974: The Kansas City Scouts, and the Washington Capitals are added into the NHL.
1976: The California Golden Seals move to Cleveland, and become the Cleveland Barons. Kansas City's hockey team leaves to Colorado to become the Colorado Rockies.
1978: The Cleveland Barons merge with the Minnesota North Stars.
1979: Four teams from the former hockey league, WHA join the NHL; they include the Edmonton Oilers, Winnipeg Jets, Quebec Nordiques, and the Hartford Whalers.
1980: The Atlanta Flames move to Calgary and become the Calgary Flames.
1982: The Colorado Rockies leave Colorado to become the New Jersey Devils. The Chicago Black Hawks make a minor change to their name and rename it to the Chicago Blackhawks.
1991: The San Jose Sharks join the NHL.
1992: The Ottawa Senators, and the Tampa Bay Lightning are added to the NHL.
1993: The Minnesota North Stars moving to Dallas to become the Dallas Stars. The Mighty Ducks of Anaheim, and the Florida Panthers are added to NHL.
1995: The Quebec Nordiques leave to Colorado and become the Colorado Avalanche.
1996: The Winnipeg Jets fly (no pun intended) to Phoenix, and become the Phoenix Coyotes.
1997: The Hartford Whalers leave to Carolina to become the Carolina Hurricanes.
1998: The Nashville Predators join the NHL.
1999: Atlanta is awarded a new NHL hockey team: the Atlanta Thrashers.
2000: The Minnesota Wild, and the Columbus Blue Jackets become the two latest additions to the NHL.
2006(not pictured): When Disney sells their team, the Mighty Ducks of Anaheim simply become the Anaheim Ducks.
2011: The Atlanta Thrashers move to Winnipeg, becoming a new reincarnation of the Winnipeg Jets.
2014(not pictured): The Phoenix Coyotes are renamed the Arizona Coyotes.
2017: Vegas gains their own NHL team: The Vegas Golden Knights. Currently, there are 31 teams in the NHL."
I want Houston a hockey team
I want Houston a hockey
"Places that need teams
10. Georgia
9. Atlanta
8. Tennessee 
7. Iowa
6. Illinois
5. Arkansas
4. Hartford
3. Saskatoon
2. San Francisco
1. Seattle"
this is something
Forgot a team the Seattle metropolis
"I wasn't even born when the Nordiques relocated and even I want them back
Edit: Same with the Whalers"
I think if there would be another expansion team, it should be one of the teams that closed around the Great Depression
2:09 that Gorton's Fisherman logo, though xD
What's that black thing to the left of the screen in some clips??
Heard Bettman want's a franchise on the Moon next.
When i first watch this video i figured this video is about the 100th anniversary of the NHL and go Sharks
great video moving way to fast for me tho
Thank you
Need more Canadian teams
What was the music used?
This video is AMAZING!
OMG I CAN'T BELIEVE THAT YOU FORGOT THE QUEBEC NORDICS
Houston needs a NHL Team . Team named Houston Aeros
awesome!
"Urgh! I'm so mad! Bettman is the worse! Move the ________(choose one: Florida Panthers, Carolina Hurricanes, Arizona Coyotes) to ________(choose one: Qu√©bec city, Hartford Connecticut, Oklahoma City)




I'M TRIGGERED!"
I think they made a mistake with the Ducks logo, they changed their logo in 2006 and 2013, not 2011.
Did this get updated? Last time I watched this video the golden knights weren't created yet.
I miss the slug
No real growth after WWII (as there was post WWI), but then in 1967 hockey seems to explode.  What are the conditions that made that happen?
Hi
Whose idea was it to put an ice hockey team in Las Vegas, in the state of Nevada where there is miles of desert?
Coming soon in 2020, Quebec Nordiques replace the Colorado Avalanche. Or, Seattle replace Carolina Hurricanes. Those 2 teams, NEED TO BE GONE.
Rip Whalers
Got chills when I saw Vegas
Great job!
Excellent.
Vegas #1
Is it wrong to like to hockey teams? Figure this is the best place to ask
Go Avalanche!!!!!
Will you guys make another once it's been confirmed that Seattle gets a team and settled logo?
seattle and portland > others
You forgot the Kenora Thistles. They won the Stanley Cup in 1907
Go golden knights
Golden nights  are gonna win the Stanley cup
That was some sweet graphic work!!! Props to the NHL team....
Here come Seattle
How the franchises can move to another state or country ? don't they belong to the city where they are? Actually i find it shame sorry.
42-67 - 25 years of amazing rivalries.
Seattle would be lit for a new team.
Kudos to the NHL for making this cool video. Many fans are still bitter over some of the team moves (Nordiques, Whalers, Jets, North Stars) and some pro leagues would just whitewash this part of their past. It may be too honest about NHL history. I think every hockey fan would like to pretend the Buffaslug never happened.
Who disliked this video
Screw Norm Greene for ripping our team away from us! Bring back our North Stars!! It's ridiculous how you someone can have the guts to rip a team away from such an amazing state! #Stateofhockey #Wearethetruenorth
Hockey actually started at 1894... Great eh?!
Good video!
Thank You Fans for all of the years of NHL
Any ducks fans watching?
I miss the Kansas City Scouts.
Montreal Canadiensüòç
I didn't know that the devil's used to be in Colorado
#BringBackNordiques
What happen to the original 6?
LETS GO PENS FOR 2018-2019
Do AHL and Echl expansion
U may have to update on 2019 if the Seattle rumors r true
Capitals logo I think went back to the one today a bit earlier
what a great story.. Canadian and American working together, Seattle is about to join the club =D
wonder some move around like phoenix
Ive been a lifelong maroons fan, we're dying for out team back !
I cry every time
Beautiful ending... Go Knights Go
hey man
That fan centennial was in Pittsburgh when I went to flyers vs pens stadium series in 2017!
Ridiculous Wisconsin has no team
unreal
The habs stayed all the time
This is still cool to watch!
Bring Atlanta a team again PLEASE!
Minnesota Wild's logo never changed lol
i hate predators its scary
the old logos
bringing back...
why not you commment on me
00:12 losed out
:)
red wings :)
rip trashers 1999 2011
nope quebec nordiques is in bhl
This is. Extremely COOOL
GO CAPS
I love this music! What is it? I couldn't find it anywhere in the description or comments.
e x p a n d  l e a g u e
If you pause the video at 2:02 and look closely, you can actually see my 13 year-old heart breaking.
Great video..I really enjoyed thisü§òü§ò
great video
2020 Seattle! Let's go!
It is beatiful to see how NHL was born
Stupid
Love how Philly kept their logo pretty much the same
Did you notice that on 0:25 of the video , look in PA.The Pirates are a MLB team since 1887
I love hockey and I love this video THX for making this!!!
Best team ever the one in the windy city.  Go Hawks
What did you make this with
Proof the "Original Six" is a myth.
3:10 who had the guts to make such a big logo change
As an NHL fan from Europe I never understood how you Canadian and American fans put up with teams being moved all over the country. If my local team which I supported for many many years suddenly moved to the other side of the country and took on a new name I'd be majorly pissed off...
As a devils fan I think they should move the flames out of Calgary and move them to Atlanta
What about the Seattle team that won the cup in 1917? Or don't you count them?
Well this season there probably happy that happened their old franchise which is now the Arizona Coyotes stunk this season the new team that they moved from Atlanta to Winnipeg has a shot at the Stanley Cup still. Wound up being a blessing in disguise.
Couldn't they redo this video but with the WHA teams included?
So dope
Rip thrashers
In a Nutshell music XD
Nice great work thanks very informative
Huge empty space North west , hoping for Seattle team soon
Come back WHALERS !!!!
Am I the only one who wished they stuck with the 1992's penguins logo?
What's the music?
Toronto since day 1
That's a lot of changes there, eh
Someone needs to make one of these for the NFL!
Great video
Nice
Great just Great
Where the hell is New Brunswick,  Prince Edward Island and Nova Scotia on that map?
Didnt know that the Red Wings wernt always valled Red Wings nice
Let's get a team in utah or oregon
Where's the Seattle metropolitans
Come to Indianapolis, we'd love an NHL team!
So the 'Original Six' is really the 'Original One'?
Flyers was the only logo that never changed
This is an interesting video. Hard to follow because of all that damn franchise relocation but I love it none the less.
I know this is old, but I just wanted to point out that the Anaheim Ducks changed their logo in 2007, not 2011 like the video shows
So I guess Vancouver is due for a new logo soon.
Seattle before Quebec City....the love of money over hockey...I get the business aspect but in the same time it is ludacris behavior from NHL management to keep sinking teams in struggling markets over a devoted fan base.
AWESOME. üòã
I love this video. Born in Austin TX, but strangely I liked the Minnesota North Stars even before they moved to Dallas TX.
God I love this sport
"I was born in 1996 in August. We moved from Canada in 2011 to Michigan. The Jets always start to lose when I walk in the room. I think I am a curse. I feel like I need to banish myself and go live in the dessert of arizona. 
Despite all that I feel extremely lucky. I got chills when it showed the thrashers move to Winnipeg because I could finally be alive simultaneously with the jets. Not to mention the moose are back too, and I have always cheered for them. We are doing amazing this year in both leagues and we have done amazing this year, not to mention that I live in grand rapids where the Moose have a playoff series against the Griffins! This is an awesome time to be alive for me. It does make me sad to see how much money in the American market influences where teams go but at least Winnipeg got lucky enough to get nhl again. We have awesome fans and I'm glad we are willing to drop cash seconds after ticket sales are available and sell out instantly. We love our team and will continue to show support for the nhl with our wallets, because that is what it takes to keep a team in the end."
}3 bring back the whalers!
The music made me cry lol
The original Winnipeg Jets '79. Classic.
Cool video
Song name?
Alright sooo.... whos idea was it to relocate the Minnesota North Stars to Dallas because it is dosent fit in Dallas
Rip minnesota north stars
Bring back Hamilton
This video needs more views
I miss my North Stars :(
Detroit‚ù§Ô∏è‚ù§Ô∏è
Leafs!!!!
"love it
#NHLhistory"
Bruins and Canadiens stayed true from the beginning
I can't wait for the nhl to finally expand to Toronto.
That's cool
"1917: purely located in the south-east of canada

2018: most of the teams are american and no canadian team has won the cup for nearly 25 years (even teams located in california and florida won a few)"
Thumbs up if the best part was the mighty ducks becoming the ducks
Nice vidjayo, I'd love to see who won the cups during all those years
low key fav part of video is music
Song?
I got an idea team name: Seattle Grizzlies
Poor Atlanta
"I'm so mad about them moving the Minnesota North Stars to Dallas.











Also the music tho...
So GOOD!"
For some reason I always get chills when I watch this video
can we please put a team back in Atlanta and leave it there
Wisconsin needs a team
HAMILTON USED TO HAVE A TEAM?????
I've watched this 20 times trying to get all this info in my brain hole, (I love hockey,üòÅ)
the importance of transportation
"Wich team do you want back? Quebec for me.
Quebec Nordiques
California Golden Seals
Artford Whalers
Atlanta Trashers
Minesota North Stars"
Anyone notice how Alberta is upside down?
Knights has 1 history
If you hate the NHL then that's person is stupid
Call me an idiot but I only just realized that the Minnesota Wild logo is in the shape of a wolf. Whoa..
I hope the nordiques return
THe Vegas Golden Knights is my new favorite hockey team to watch now, good luck in the playoffs
Never forgive the North Stars
Only thing missing is marking the nhl champion each year, that would have been awesome
Cooooooooool
2:10 DID U SEE THAT UGLY LOGO
i love this video
#100nhl
When does Hamilton get their team back?
that black and white black hawks though. omg im hard af
that whalers move still pisses me off to no end even after 20 years
They mist Saskatoon blues
Please give atlanta another team. So it can be moved again to quebec lol
Damn if Saskatchewan somehow got a team that'd be insane
Surprised Seattle never had a team..
Uh, where were the Vancouver millionaires?
"NHL Logic: Lets Whalers move from Hartford to the South.

Same NHL:  Trips over themselves, foaming at the mouth to keep Coyotes in Arizona."
I want the 1920 Hamilton tigers logo on a hoodie or something. One of my favorite logos of all time.
This USA stupid video
Im pretty sure michigan is the only state where its sports teams have never left the state, and are all downtown now
"This expansion business isn't right. California? Florida? Carolina? Cmon. I want everybody to make their bucks and I know this is a business but it feels like pure commercial exploitation.

If you want more teams fine, I like that more kids can get a shot at the big leagues, but you can't put it in places where there's no hockey culture. This isn't a McDonald's franchise."
wow it only took colorado 6 years to win a stanley cup
2:16 bastards....
What is that little black area near all of the Californian teams? Also I think Seattle should get the next team
Wow
The oilers were not created in1970
"now the the million dollar question is
who's next to join the NHL"
Quite unfortunate! that hockey today has been completely spoiled by the NHL monopoly money and markets. They should have keep the WHA organization.Too many teams today, they could create two leagues of around 17 teams instead of almost 34 teams.It would be really interesting to see at  the end of a season a real battle between the NFL-WHA two associations.  I hope this idea will come back again and that teams in cities like  Kansas City, Quebec, Fort Lauderdale Panthers, Phoenix, Las Vegas, Ottawa, Islanders, Hamilton, Columbus, Seattle, Anaheim, Winnipeg, Minnesota, Buffalo, Washington, Calgary, Nashville would leave the NHL for this new hockey association. And also bring a complete review of salary mass and drafts methodology.
2:58 rip my childhood
Any VGK fans?
See there is no original six lol
I love this video smüíôüíôüíô#goleafsgoüíôüíôüíôüíôüíôüíô
lol this vid is great but it will be outdated in 2-4 years when nil expands to Seattle/Quebec
Go maroons lol
Where are the capitals
Beautiful video history. Thanks NHL!
The New Jersey Devils :)
Who's stupid idea was it to move one of the ONLY Connecticut sport teams to CAROLINA!!!
So it took until the 70s for Ohio to have a team only to have it stripped from them, and then it took until 2000 for a permanent team to be in Ohio, and then they choke every chance they get.
Houston will be next.
Its so cool to see how the nhl has evolved over the years. LETS GO RANGERS
If none of the teams moved or left. We would have 53 total teams..
Houston Aeros will be next
I feel like an episode of Game of Thrones is about to start when I'm watching this
That was awesome
They should do that for the NBA, NFL, MLB, and MLS
In 1917 the most NHL teams  were mostly Toronto
Uhhh you forgot the Seattle Metropolitans
So beautiful üò¢üòç Question though -- why is it that when I try to share this on FB it comes up as "incomplete"?
Stop üëèüèª putting üëèüèª hockey üëèüèª teamsüëèüèª in üëèüèª placesüëèüèª where üëèüèª nobody üëèüèª likes üëèüèª hockey üëèüèª
Never seizes to amaze me that Americans put ICE hockey teams in the deserts.
All of the 90s Logos were the best... Sabres, Mighty Ducks, Penguins, Yotes.
What a cool video!!
Song
Can I just mention that in 1993 I believe. Disney bought a expansion team just to have a hockey team named after a hockey movie they made two years earlier. @anahiemducks.
You guys forgot the #halifaxhighlanders
90's pens logo was the best
RIP St.Louis red eagles only 1 year in history
I had the playback speed at .25 and it was much better. Thank you for this video, what history!
#Seattleexpansion
I wish NHL in Atlanta was still a thing. Boo
Happy 100th Anniversary, NHL.
YAH NASHVILLE PREDATORS
i wish all of the teams back then stayed and are still here today
Vegas?
came back to watch this awesome video. anyone know what that music is? sounds like it'd be great to work out to.
161 people live in Quebec City or Seattle
2:03 My least favorite part I don't like the Dallas Stars, but I did like the mn north stars, but man I do like 2:49
oilers never changedüòÇ
This was extremely sick
Wait, Ducks and others changed their logo twice in the same year, and Detroit never since 20s
Seattle soon?
Awesome
Where's the flyers?
So stupid how a team can move location completely or change heir whole identity. Gets rid of the heritage.
Jackson
I would be more into hockey if Milwaukee actually had a team.
To be honest the NHL should bring a lot more Canadian teams and get some American teams away like (Arizona, New York Islanders etc..) but they should put in some cities like (OrangvilleüòÇüòÇif possible, Quebec , Halifax, Manitoba..)
So much i didint know.Now imma just wait for new teams
1:59 Bettman starts
Caps should change their logo
It was so chilling to see the Thrashers logo move from slow to fast up to Winnipeg with that music in the background... probably because it was my first relocation when I was a fan of Hockey and actually born lol
Were the shraks good back then
R.I.P OAKLAND SEALS 1976-1979
st. Louis eagles!
i cant believe that the ATL thrashers were still around in 2011
When the Montreal Canadiens have outlasted the Soviet union
"For those of you who have not heard. The Islanders are staying in the NYC metro area and moving back to Long Island at the landmark Belmont Park racetrack by around thr 2021-'22 season. Here link to prove it.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-dLiQZK8ItM&lc=z225utjqpmaldd33qacdp4352btqnsnzbvzund1gnixw03c010c.1515273474372288


Thus sorry for places like Hartford, Quebec City, Kansas City, Houston and the Pacific Northwest (Seattle or Portland.)Thus only chance in near future i.e next 5-10 years is to get the next expansion or a struggling team i.e Carolina or the South Fla. Panthers."
Feels like a strategy game. The ancient civilization of the St-Lawrence river conquering the then known world.
Awesome video!  I love the history in the sport of hockey.  Seeing all the logo changes through the years is neat too! Well done!!
Right now, if I was the GM, I would move The Coyotes to Seattle. Move the Hurricanes to either Quebec City or back to Hartford. Then expand to Kansas City and bring back the Scouts!
I don't know if it's just me but I don't think the Washington Capitals are in there
San Jos√© sharks cade os br porra
Why is the first 6 B, n, m, t, c, d,  when Ottawa had a team before them
2:35 wow the nhl acknowledged the existence of the thrashers. This should go up in the rafters along with "2007 division champions" and "Not being last in attendance in 2004"
Les nordiques de Quebec :(
Amazing video
This is actually kind of sad
Loved it great more can you guys do more?
Very cool
Mighty Ducks>>>>>>>>>Ducks. Facts only. Also, relocate the Coyotes to Halifax, the Hurricanes to Quebec City and the Panthers to Regina.
Wher's the rest of the world
Very nice video
"Possible places for NHL teams (my opinion):
-Seattle
-Hartford
-Quebec
-"
BRING BACK THE QUEBEC NORDIQUES
Detroit had the same logo since 1967
Where's my fellow hubs fans eh? #canadian
#GoKnightsGo !
epic video like
My good ol' bruins staying the same throughout the years! Amazing!
YEAH! VEGAS HAS THE LOUDEST ARENA, AND FOR OUR FIRST YEAR, WE WERE TOUGH!
My friends grandpa is the buffalo sabres announcer
"thanks for making this. please make more like it. üëèüëèüëèüëç
#historyofNHL #NHLhistory"
Who got dumped in exchange for vegas
Whats gotta happen in nhl un 2018?
Well done
2025 please welcome the Seattle unkown to the NHL
Man, vancouver got hosed on traveling til like the 80's lol
......Seattle Metropolitans.......first Stanley cup winners
Bettman more like Buttman get it...
"Carolina to Quebec 
Florida to Connecticut 
Arizona to Seattle 
Maybe I'll start watching this shitshow of league again"
Very cool video. Spotted a mistake though. The ducks changed name in 2006, not 2011. Other than that, it's cool to see all the changes including logo changes. A few Montreal logo changes were missed, but mostly spot on.
1 more team to go and then 32. I think it will be in Seattle, but I think it should be in Canada. They need more teams over there.
I miss my Whalers
The admirals?
What's the song?
Way too many teams. Most rinks half empty, TV ratings low, so many marginal players, so little scoring now. 16 teams would be plenty.
lol who i nthe world would move the jets to hot dry land arizona?!
Give then a nhl team for seattle
Notice the expansion in the 60's to the west coast , probably only made possible because of the fact of affordable air travel , so the Aviation industry definitely had a major factor in any expansion of any sport at that time.  what an amazing time to be a witness too. wish I was there...
Anyone watching in fall 2017
Colorado Avalanche best logo in hockey!
Let's put a team in Houston they are all set and ready to go all they need is the unis a name and a fanbase let's go Houston
Very nicely done ..and great music to go with it.
Dope Video
NHL I've got an 2019 expansion team name it's called The Houston Eagles (I hope you read this comment)
bring back the hamilton tigers to the nhl
Why did the First Jets move to Arizona... but then the Jets come back different!? Retired Numbers ever have a thought?! Gary Bettman... the man of this... why... "MONEY!! Hockey? Dunno what that is." NO OFFENSE NHL! :)
Incredible video
y'all gonna have to make another one for Houston smh
The Dallas sta s didn't change their logo until 2013 not 2014
Still hard to believe that Atlanta moved to Winnipeg in 2011 I feel like that's not that long ago
I mean, that's not where the panthers are, but still a really good video. Impressive work.
"1996 üôÅ
2011 üòÉ"
Best part 1:58
I'm a Bruins fan, but I think Seattle's team should be the Sea Lions (if they have one)!
This was so hard to follow I had to keep pausing and rewinding to c all of the teams but it was still pretty cool seeing all the old teams
Houston is going to be added on to this soon
Video was sick
if anything . by 2020 or 2025. it should be . Carolina Hurricanes move to Houstan to became the Houston Hurricanes . LOL or Houstan Aeros.  then move Florida panthers to Quebec City to become the Quebec city nordiques . next .  add the Hartford Whalers back as a expansion .  which will balance the divisions. Then later on. Move Arizona to Seattle to become the Seattle Emeralds.. keep it balanced. then if any expansion teams came into the fold. Milwaukee if anything so they can become rivals with Minnesota .  Portland , Oregon.. or San Francisco to become rivals with San Jose. like ducks and kings.  Kansas City / Hamilton Ontario or Salt Lake City or Providence though they will need a better arena in providence.
Quite the video
Gotta love living in Wisconsin being a die hard hockey fan
Do you think if universal basic income becomes a thing, we will someday see a World Hockey League (WHL) and the NHL will be a farm league?
Where's Washington at?
lets go lightning 2017-2018
2017 Vegas Golden knights
Why is the music so dramatic? what is this inception?
Need a Team in Saskatchewanüåæüöúüö®üèí
You forgot the Victoria Cougars
Who misses the thrashers?
Carolina Hurricanes <3
original 6 baby
Next few years it's Quebec or Seattle but should Quebec deserves one especially when we need another Canadian team to contend.
Who else noticed the fact that they skipped on of tampas logos?
Vegas Golden Knights is a surprising team in long winning streak before Dansk got injured.
Thrashers :(
The music is very Gravity Falls like. Go Blues!
Next expansions: Omaha, New Mexico, Hawaii, Cairo.
actually the Colorado Avalanche were founded in 1972 and joined the franchise is 1979 and were originally the Quebec Nordiques
Hawks were original 6
Funny how a lot of these teams became other sports teams like the Rockies and the tigers in the mlb and CFL
I love Canada my country everyone here has to love hockey it's so fun
The music fits along with the video. And when they finally put the golden knights there, I went "ahh"
Rangers Is best
1991, my team is born :D #sharksforlife
I Liked The Old Thrashers Logo
bring back Quebec Nordiques, Whalers and the old Anaheim Ducks logo
2:09 sad moment ;(
Wow what a great league and needs more attention than basketball and football
Change the name of the colorado avalanche to the Colorado ROCKIES!!!
Now there should be Golden knights
But this video is incredible.
Would've been cool of you moved the islanders from long island to Brooklyn.
It was not even the origanal 6 at the beginning
Oakland Seals!  Hey NHL!  I know you want another western team and the Oracle Arena is perfect.  It's pretty modern and NHL has grown quite well over the last few decades in the Bay Area.  Good rivalry for San Jose Sharks too!  I know there are plenty of options for team #32, but please consider bringing back the Oakland Seals (perhaps Golden State Seals?) while you evaluate. :D
cool
anyone watching this after the las vegas golden knights?
GO BOLTS
For anyone that thought it went too fast, it was great at 1/4 speed using YouTube settings...  Some of the logo changes didn't actually LOOK much like changes but some were very cool to see.
The Milwaukee Admirals would be a cool team to add.  They would give the Blackhawks and Wild a nearby rival.
love those 70's logos
Predators the one logo that never changed
I MISS FLUERY
So awesome! Just wish it was a little slower
bring back the thrashers
NHL I have  a question how did I'm a leafs fan how did they make the original 6
0:46 good lord... 30 years with 6 teams?! That's cool but it must have been boring
I wanna die every time 2:10
RIP Atlanta Thrashers
Philadelphia Quakers?  Really?  That is the least intimidating name for a hockey team.
Arizona team? Might as well add a team in the Northwest Territories or Yukon while your at it
that was cool
#teamsforalaska
I think they missed the 2017-18 Quebec Nordiques expansion team
I would to see Seattle as of 32nd team in the NHL team. Maybe they are discussing of adding two more teams to 34 teams in the NHL. Hartford Whalers and Quebec Nordiques back in the NHL teams as of 33rd and 34th teams. Move the Detroit Red Wings from the Atlantic Division of the Eastern Conference to the Central Division of the Western Conference. This will balance of 17 teams in each Conferences. Connecticut has 1,000 people per square mile.
Why only add one more team?
GO SHARKS EST 1991 BOI
üôècaps just one cup. I wanna die happy
I can't believe the Ottawa Senators were actually one of the four original teams! Sad that they had to leave :(
Why is this so emotional
cool
I hear only this out of adding or relocating teams: BLAH BLAH NO DESERT BLAH QUEBEC hARTFORD BlAHAbFJAefbJf
I know a lot of history even before the NHL but to put into one video is amazing.
I love this song can anyone link me to the actual song on YouTube or something.
And Milwaukee Still doesn't have a teamüò≠
HARTFORD WHALERS like it you agree
Rest in peace Quebec Nordiques, Hartford Whalers and Atlanta Thrashers
Amazing video. Absolutely loved how they showed the logo changes, and I like how some teams logos either barley changed or not at all (Detroit, Montreal, Sharks). Very enjoyable video. Can't wait to see what the Knights will do this year. Go Habs Go!
Ramener le Nordiques ! / Bring back the Nordiques !
I typed a 80 page paper on every hockey team from 1887-Future.
"Just a few things I'd like to note

While they got the end of Cleveland correct, they merged into the North Stars, wasn't the founding of San Jose a split from Minnesota

Also, the rebranding of Mighty Ducks of Anaheim happened way before 2011, they became the Anaheim Ducks in 2007, as they won the Stanley Cup while being just the ""Ducks"""
2:16 I cried
if the nhl can do it the other luages can do it
This is one of the coolest videos I've ever seen
#Bringbackthewhalers There was a big rivalry between the Whalers and Bruins that always sold tickets in Hartford along with the Rangers. There's close to 200,000 avid NHL fans in the Hartford-New Haven area, similar to markets like Columbus, Raleigh, Nashville, Miami, and Vegas. Hartford-New Haven is the largest market without a big four franchise (nearly had one but the Pats scammed us). The close proximity to both New York and Boston means those rivalries have a chance to be rekindled. There's talks about the Islanders leaving New York. They have to compete with the Rangers, Devils, Nets, Knicks, Giants, Jets, Yankees, and Mets for airtime in New York. But in Hartford they only have to compete with the Bruins, Yankees, Mets, and Red Sox plus any football game on national television (as someone who lives in New England near New York, I can tell you that it costs money to get MSG network). Believe me when I say this, there is still a MASSIVE group who wants to bring back the Whalers.
this was awesome
üèíü•Öüö®
This is the most erotic video I've ever witnessed in my life
huh
"Suggestions: Move Knights to Seattle. Move Coyotes to Oregon. Move Hurricanes to Hartford. Move Lightning to Quebec. Move Panthers to Wisconsin. 
Oh and STOP EXPANDING TO PLACES WHERE THERE'S NO ICE OR ARE SHITTY PLACES FOR SPORTS TEAMS!!!"
the chill
The original Jets' logo is still one of, if not, the greatest in the NHL.
1:59 Gary Bettman destroys the NHL
Nice vid, but I like baseball better lol but still love Blackhawks
Let's be honest it's going to be 32 teams by the end of 2017-2018 season.
crazy to believe that the nhl was a tiny league with only 4 teams
Canada' needs more teams!:D
Mighty ducks or old school  coyotes? Who's jersey would you buy
#bringnhltoseattle
This must be one of the visually most confusing representations i have seen. A very bad job, hire some professionals next time.
Man bring back the Thrashers, but keep the Jets this time. I live in Cali and my team are the Sharks but man where the Thrashers where a great team to watch was quite the surprise when the moved back to Winnipeg
I was Awed with the first couple of decades then when 1967 Hit I was like WHOA!!! O_O
WE NEED MORE CANADIAN TEAMS!!!!
Whalers. Come back.
This was so cool If you agree like this comment
Bring Back Norduqies & Whalers.
Cool but too fast
Song pls
2:01 is the best moment, as that logo moves down from Minnesota to Texas!
The Caps changed to their now current logo in 2007, not 2011
Beautiful to see the camera freeze for an extra second on the original 6 at the beginning
This was really well done.
Nice vid
NHL Can you bring a team to Delaware,Bethlehem and BRING BACK THE THRASHERS PLEASEEEEEEE!
Nice!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Since 1917 montreal canadiens
Imagine if the golden knights won it all the first year
"Coyotes to Seattle
Panthers to Quebec city
Hurricanes back to Hartford
(MAYBE)Stars to either Milwaukie or Kansas city
(MAYBE)Golden Knights to Hamilton
(MAYBE)Islanders to Halifax"
How the hell does Wisconsin still not have a team?
Fun video
The Hartford whalers ;(
Columbus needs to become Hamilton tigers and one of the Florida teams needs to become Quebec nordiques and vegas needs to dissolve.
Only constant thing in the NHL from the start is the Montreal Canadiens!
Hartford Whalers, one of the best looking hockey jerseys
Give Cleveland a team!!!
R.I.P. Nordics,I hope they come back
I wish we had a team in Oregon, but we only have an NBA team üò£
This is amazing and very interesting to watch thank you for putting this together
Great video
Still waiting for the Canucks to win a Stanley cup
I love the NHL & I believe it's the 2nd best managed sports league in North America. But I absolutely HATE how they have teams in the south & in the desert, doesn't make sense to me.
What about the Vancouver Millionaires???
One of the coolest videos on YouTube. Well done.
Quebec City should have a NHL team! It's bizarre that they do not have one. Also, the Hartford Whalers logo is the most interesting NHL logo. At first glance, it looks like a "W" with a whale fluke on top, but if you look closer, there's a "H" for Hartford there. A lot of folks notice the "W" and the fluke but not the "H"
Cmon bring basketball and hockey to Seattle üò°
0:59
"so...
 Anaheim is below San Jose thanks."
#BringBackTheWhalers
seattle >
still no team in washington?
notice how there is a lack of teams on the north-west side. There needs to be teams in portland, seattle, kansas and maybe even regina
I was kind of sad when the Whalers, North Stars and Nordiques folded. Those were great hockey club names, and the names that were coming in like Mighty Ducks (after a Disney movie), Coyotes, and Panthers just never sat well with me as far as a¬†Hockey club name.¬† This was such a fun video. Thank you for the effort!
2:50 my local team is created
You forgot the 2018 Quebec Nordiques ;P
Why would we put hockey in vegas but not Seattle Cleveland or Wisconsin
You didnt need to expand to Vegas. You already have enough teams struggling with attendence and then you put a team in a city with no link to hockey and nearly no link to professional sports.
please move vegas or carolina to Quebec
Hey I play for the Cleveland Barons!!! Lol select hockey
–≤–æ–ª—à–µ–±–Ω–æ–µ –≤–∏–¥–µ–æ!
bring back Quebec
I cried when the whalers moved #bringbackthewhalers
very cool and i am not even a hockey fan
This is mesmerizing.  Still not sure why the Atlantic Provinces aren't part of the video though. :P
gotta love the black and red of the 90s- slug was good to- florida to hartford - coyotes to Seattle- expand to quebec
Weren't the Oakland Seals originally called the California Seals (not "California Golden Seals" - that name was after Oakland, when Charles O. Finley bought the team)?
Saskatchewan needs an NHL team. Saskatoon could easily have an NHL team based in it. The Saskatchewan Rush (National Lacrosse League) and The Saskatchewan Riders (based in Regina, CFL) games are always nearly sold out, or sold out. Saskatchewan is full of people that love sports, and people that could easily support an NHL team.
Why does the new Florida panthers logo look like a soccer logo
best video ever!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
You put Ottawa on the edge of USA not in canada
Sub to me and I'll sub back!
Kewl.. so the jets relocated then came back
A little more change is needed. Arizona becomes Nordiques and Florida becomes Whalers. Then everything is complete.
2:11 that moment when all quebec people cry
Just perfect, love the music too!
This is one of my favorite vids ever and I'm an NFL fan
I hope the NFL, MLB, and NBA also do this.
Bring back the Nordiques
who's excited for the Vegas Golden Nights? :)
Bring back the Quebec Nordics by moving Phoenix or Tampa
Love these types of videos.
Love it
They forgot the 2nd gen Lightning logo smh
2018 la knights
Bring back Hartford Whalers and Quebec Nordiques ;-;
"Aftermath:

2020: Quebec Nordiques, Hamilton Huskies, Seattle Sealions, Portland Snowhawks, Saskatchewan Whitetails and Halifax Schooners join

2026: Hartford Whalers, Houston Galaxy, Kansas City Scouts, Cleveland Crusaders, Baltimore Bandits, Cincinnati Tigers, Indianapolis Racers, Milwaukee Grizzlies and New Orleans Rattlers join

2035: San Diego Mariners, Salt Lake City Pioneers and Oklahoma City Cowboys join

2038: Ontario Beavers and Regina Icehawks join

2040: Atlanta Thrashers, California Golden Seals and Birmingham Bulls join"
started in Canada!
How to kill a winter sport in the span of 50 years
Can't Wait To Go See My Sin City's New NHL Team Las Vegas GOLDENKNIGHTS Been Waiting For a team for Vegas since I moved here 16 years ago from L.A
The saddest part by far is when the thrashers moved
Bring back the Thrashers
Great video, but a nice finish would be to showcase the las vegas team
nhl needs more canadian teams!
What a great vid. Awesome seeing teams move rather than just close shop.
Love the music
Wow that was really cool, brought back old memories of the north stars :( wish they would have stayed...
Bruins original logo was so 1940s yellow
Way too fast! I'm dizzy.
Ottawa  Senators is the best
3:24
üòìüòìüò¢üò¢
oilers 1974 not 1979
great video
I hate how Nashville is brand new and they can make it to a Stanley cup and how the caps are like 40 years old and made it to one Stanley cup and got swept
what about the Oklahoma City Barons ( I know that they are disbanded now but they should have been at least on the map when they did play )
From the formation of the NHL to now has been 100 years, and those were some amazing 100 years. Some might say that those 100 years were the best 100 years, that's because hockey is the greatest game known to man.
Bring Qubec or Hartford. Just no more south west or south east teams
Bring Qubec or Hartford. Just no more south west or south east teams
Bring back Qubec
How do you slow it down
Bring back the thrashers!
One of the coolest sports history videos I've seen...EVER!  Spectacular job, especially with the evolving logos!
that was actually very well done. the north stars never should of never left minnesota, whalers should still be there, and Quebec should have thier team back. Come on NHL get it done in Quebec at least I did in my nhl 17 game I moved the hurricanes to Quebec. sell out every game so far haha
Go Kings Go!
Dear NHL, Puck Las Vegas, Bring back the Kansas City Scouts!
I feel like every major league should have a video like this. Great job guys üëç the NHL has come a long way in 100 years, hopefully you return to Kansas City someday, we miss our Scouts.
now let's get the Seattle Thunderbirds into the league to balance it at 32!
"Original Six
Montreal Canadians New York Rangers Boston Bruins Melpel LefsChicago BlackhawksDetroit RedwingsExpandtion SixMinnesota North Stars Los Angles Kings Oakland Seals Pittsburgh Penguins Philadelphia Flyers St. Louis Blues Expandtion IIVancouver CanucksAntlata FlamesWHA Expandtion Winnipeg Jets Quebec NordicsEdmonton Oilers Hartford Whalers Expandtion IV and Moves Kansas City Scorts Calgary Flames Expandtion V and MovesNew Jersey DevilsNew York Islanders Expandtion VI and Moves Mighty Ducks of Anaheim Dallas Stars Expandtion VIISan Jose Sharks And more"
Wow I always assumed that the original 6 were the first teams.
How to succeed with the golden nights: move them to Quebec
was i the only one that completely forgot about the atlanta thrashers
RIP Seattle Metropolitans
Sad Atlanta has no hockey club
AWESOME it's sad I still have nhl 16 I want nhl 17 so bad
Reason why all these teams moved is due to the arena conditions. I know many of you want to see cities like Hartford and Seattle get franchises, and perhaps the market is there. But you need an arena! That's what the owners care about. Fan experience. So they keep buying tickets. Places like Kansas City, Houston, and Milwaukee have good arenas and will create natural rivalries with the Blues, Stars, and Blackhawks respectively.
RIP Thrashers :(
what's the music
Awesome
kings need to go back to purple and gold
"cool stuff!
anaheim became ducks in 2006"
F I R E  B E T T M A N
Why am I watching this? If I don't know anything bout hockey.
they should have a seatte NHL team beside las vegas
we need more canadian teams, but we have bary gettman in office.
Great job by whomever made this awesome video. I would love to see one made for each of the other major sport leagues (NBA, MLB, NFL, MLS). Fingers Crossed
The Golden Knights begs an important question: Why dies the NHL expanded into markets that don't want hockey, and keep teams in markets that don't care for hockey (Coyotes, Hurricanes, Panthers to name a few), when places like Quebec City, Saskatoon, and Victoria in Canada would all support a franchise well and better?
I wish Atlanta still had a team :( .....
What? There was a Pittsburgh hockey team before the Pens?
3 cities that should have a team. Salt Lake city, Seattle, and Quebec move failing franchises there if expansion isnt a good idea
I still can't believe there is going to be a team in Vegas next year. Would have been nice to bring back the Nordiques or the Whalers. From what I read they had big fan bases, heck even today when I'm out somewhere I occasionally spot a Nordqiues or Whalers hat. Both cities have arenas that are probably capable of holding an NHL franchise. Oh well.
Forgot the NYR Statue of Liberty logo that was my favorite üòì
PENGUINS!!!!!!!!
LET'S GO HARTFORD WHALERS!!!
Great video. Should have been 10 minutes, and explained each move, or expansion.
Ok, the rest of you leagues have some work to do...
didnt know people actually cared about hockey
Made me a bit nauseous but besides that it was gr8
Long live Canada. We need more Canadian teams and one Canadian team need another Stanley Cup. Last time in 1993? It's been too long. And that was us.
all spots leaves need to do these
it would be cool if the seals came back
Props to the Red Wings and Blackhawks logos being virtually unchanged for so long. Talk about commitment! (yes, I know there's others, but none more prominent than those two)
The animation for the whalers logo was sick. Who doesn't want the whalers back?
I almost feel sorry for Atlanta even as a Calgary fan myself they have lost teams twice
Great video
NHL needs a team in Washington state
Don't understand why teams would move. But that's just me, I come from a city that have teams with deep roots.
Wouldn't it be nice if their was promotion / relegation system or not
Do this for the nba
Dump Arizona, bring back nordiques am I right!
One of the worst logo changes in history: Ducks 2011
Feel bad for Atlanta
can't wait until the Vegas knights get sold away after 1 or 2 seasons. bettman, I know all you care about is money but please make decisions that make sense for the sport of hockey. do you wanna be where the nfl is right now? don't think so.
They missed the Vancouver millionaires
that was a very good video
Make Minnesota great again. Bring back the North Stars
I wonder if the 32nd NHL team would be like soon?
I thought Atalanta had a couple teams? hahahahahaha
I wish there was a NHL team in Albuquerque
Search it up on wikipedia
Where's the Houston jets
85 soccer fans disliked
NO HOCKEY TEAM IN MEXICO! THATS RACIST!!!!!!! üò°üò°üò°üò°üò°üò°üò°üò°üò°üò°üò°üò°
This is so cool
BUFFALO SABRES SABER TOOTH LOGO HELLO NHL
now just the ahl, lol
Bring the scouts back to KC. Thanks
Instead of the golden nights we should have got the whalers or the thrashers back
2:33
There should be a baseball one.
Why did I watch this I don't watch Hockey
Gary Bettman: I have a great idea! Lets expand to places where theirs no snow...
sexy
I need a houston team
I wish the Hurricanes stayed in CT. We got no professional sports teams. Our most relevant team is the Hartford Yard Goats
my how you've grown... And yet the black hawks still take home the Stanley cup.
Since the NHL has an uneven number of teams, I think they should move the Red Wings back to the Central (because they're nowhere near the Atlantic) and revive either the Nordiques or the Whalers.
How does Wisconsin still not have a team?
I thought I knew hockey until this video...seeing the teams that I never knew existed. truly a mind blowing video. good job
This is really cool! It's interesting to see how big this once tiny league has become and where many teams originated before they went where they are now.
Where are the Atlanta thrashers tho
One like= one respect for the Oakland Seals
And the Vegas Knights to continue the story...
Vancouver Millionaires?
bring back quebec city
a Hamilton Toronto rivalry would of been so goood
Great video! GO CAPS!!
cool
Bring NHL to PDX!
I wish the MLB, NFL, and NBA did a video just like this, this was cool.
It's sad how many cities lost their teams.
Oakland Seals!!!
Vegas knights?
Seattle, Quebec City, New Orlands, Atlanta, and Houston should have expansion teams. Toronto should have another team too.
um, someone tell me about the golden knights...
This is just sad..
Ugh, I want the whalers back in Hartford soooooo bad
Quick shoutout to SCREW WINNIPEG
So when are the Whalers coming back?
Great video
It still makes me sad seeing the Whalers gone. They were my team growing up and I cried when they moved to Carolina and it makes me feel even worse seeing how poorly their fan base is doing. I don't really have a favorite current hockey team anymore and I just cheer for the Rangers now because they were the next closest team to where I lived
Pittsburgh pirates NHL?
My team didn't come in till 1992 lol
The San Hose sharks were originally in worcestor
Beautifully done!! I cheered when I saw 1995 Nords change to Avs. Burgundy blood for life! Go Avs!
That, that was beautiful.....üò∞üò∞
Seattle should get a team before Vegas...
That was awesome
LOL. Phoenix is all the way down south? I didn't know that. Need to study North America. Always thought it was mid-US. Anyway, great video. Learned a lot.
Holy i learned alot
Houston, Hamilton, Brooklyn, Oakland, Atlanta, Cleavland, Quebec City, Phoenix, San Francisco, and Baltimore would all be good relocating sites
Can we all agree that the old coyotes logo was sick
I love how the flyers logo has never changed
Houston is the fourth largest market in the U.S. and has had success with hockey for decades. Why not give them an NHL franchise? Multiple cups won in different leagues. Some of the greatest of all time played there. Fan base already established. They supported the Aeros for many, many years. Give them back their Aeros. Houston makes more sense than Las Vegas, Quebec, or Seattle. If Florida and California can work, sure as water is wet Houston will work. Huge population, amazing sports city, years of support for hockey with the Aeros, a natural/intense rivalry with Dallas; you will have success there. The Aeros won more championships than any of the other pro sports teams there.
Quebec needs a new team, because I swear that they complain about not having one at least 100 random times a year on the news... So please... End their sufferings and just give them one...
you forgot the Houston Aeroes!
yeah go kings go
I really wish Seattle and Kansas City had a team. Blows my mind they chose Las Vegas. Not saying it won't work out but I see it as a non existing fan base and rather people only going as something to do while they're in Vegas.
This was alarmingly entertaining to watch. Wish every league did this. Hmu if they do
Sounds like the song had a turn signal in the background lol.
Stop putting teams in places where no one likes hockey
What the heck is that black splotch on the map? Am I the first to notice?
NEW TEAM THE GOLDEN KNIGHTS AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH
Good job NHL now add some more teams in thoses empty spaces on the map
I'm still pissed we are the golden knights instead of a creative name. But idc Kings for life!
Made a mistake with Anaheim I'm pretty sure they changed their logo and name in 2006 not 2011
I absolutely love this video
Who are the Vegas golden knights ???
Golden knights?
fucken awesome video
This is awesome. I lovedit
Except for that they were the Alberta Oilers before the Flames moved to Calgary
"The sound in this video is amazing.

Andrea Carri ‚Äì Ritratti"
As much as I want to see the nordiques get a team again it's not happening Bettman ain't interested. Yah sure the canes,panthers and Arizona have low attendance but sorry to say Houston(Large T.V. Market) is way more likely to get an Nhl team then Quebec.
"Seattle, Portland, Houston, Kansas City, Atlanta or Another Florida Team (Jacksonville followed by Orlando) would be good places for another NHL team

Edit: Forgot about Quebec and Regina"
I loved how you went all the way to 2017
The old sens logo was BADASS
Best sport today
Who else remembers the Thrashers?
Bring back the nordiques
I love this video. It's cool to see all the logo changes and teams moving cities
boooooo the golden knights.
Wow
Poor Canada, we need more teams
I cringed at 2:03
made a few mistakes, like having the penguins and sabres appear before the blackhawkd but it was still good
bring back the Atlanta thrashers
Only missing one : The Quebec Nordiques ;)
I love the animations and that the Golden Knights were included.
"The  best logo in sports turned into a red blob 
#bringbackthewhale"
The Detroit Cougars use to be the Victoria Cougars.
Only good sport in America, from a fellow Swede :D
dallas and tampa should be the only southern teams, yes i know the canes won a cup and the preds most likely will too but let's be real here
Seattle and Quebec has to get their own teams
this is a realy good video
i hope preds will smash ducks
Go thrashers!
Time for Wisconsins huge hockey fan base to get the NHL team it deserves
They just fix these to promote vegas....
Music?
That's sooo cool
Wish Hamilton still had a team
Sick vid
You guys ruined my life by the whalers moving
- Awesome!! I've seen a lot of clips detailing the growth of the NHL through the years, but this one is the best one yet! :)
Bring back Hartford and Quebec!
You mean the Boston Bruins were originally BROWN & yellow?  (Maybe B's fans should just STFU about the Pengins then).  LOL
how does arizona and las vegas have hockey teams and maine doesnt?
I don't know if there is copyright/trademark issues with this, but it would sound much cooler if it was just the Vegas Knights. Has a good ring to it.
"Awesome!!! 

I'd like to watch this same thing but with the MLB, NFL and NBA."
I was not aware that the the Rockies became the Devils!
In the words of John Oliver "Cool."
What about the Victoria cougars? They were a team...
Anaheim changed their name in 2007 not 2011
This was very cool
Place a team in Helena, Montana.  1) That state needs a professional sports team.  2) It would bring the Western Division up to 16 teams.  3) It gets cold there.  4) The people there need something to do.  5) It would give some people a reason to visit Montana.  But what would their team name be?  Any suggestions?
What happens when world war 3 starts.will the nhl shut down the season?what will happen when the rapture happens? Will you still run the nhl after world choas?
Seattle could probably be a good hockey town
When the nordiques got traded...oh boy
Dat vegas golden nights was so unexpected gave me chills. Can't wait to see them play:)
Worst league in the world.
amazing 11/10
Wow this video is really satisfying
What was in Utah?
Imagine hockey in northern Canada
"This was a really good video. There can still be a good amount of future places for NHL teams.

Future Places For NHL Teams:

Kansas City
Salt Lake City
Atlanta
Baltimore
Cincinnati 
Cleveland
Milwaukee
Indianapolis
Portland, Oregon
Seattle
Quebec City
San Diego
Houston (most likely won't happen)
New Orleans (not a big hockey city)
San Francisco (it is close to San Jose, but has a chance)

This was a very long list and some cities like Houston and New Orleans will probably never get a NHL team because of it's location in the South. However, places like Seattle, Quebec City, and Milwaukee might get a NHL team in the future."
Ottawa kinda disappeared for like 50 years
awesome vid, but the ducks lost Thier mighty logo in 2006, not 2011
That music omg
Go SENS go
Houston
The golden ice as a name is very bad
it forgot the seattle metropolitans who actually one the stanley cup in 1917
Regardless the rivalries, the bad blood, the countless hours of wanting to kill another teams fans due to our teams being eliminated by theirs we have to agree on one thing, hockey is amazing. There's nothing like it. Go lightning ‚ö°
What is the name of the Background music?
I laughed when the golden knights appeared
Lol bring back hamilton
Song
Hello hockey fans I will be uploading every game of the conference final and Stanley cup final so check me out also if u sub I'll sub right back just let me know
THIS VIDEO IS AMAZING! love seeing how all the teams came through through out all these years!!!
did the vancouver millionaires ever  exist
Montreal Canadiens, the Original
Really cool animation, but they left out the Islanders move from Uniondale to Brooklyn.
Seeing how much land the Western Conference covers is jaw-dropping.  Nice to see the league's expansion history presented in this fashion.
Great job on the video! Fun and informative. loved seeing all the logo changes and early teams.
"we'll see you soon Quebec,
-Every Canadian teams but Montreal"
This feels like the opening to a show.
OLD BLACK AND RED SABRES LOGO > ANYTHING ELSE
This is hands down one of the best NHL video made.   Very well done.  Loved watching teams come in and logos change.  Amazing
Thrashers üò¢ #BelieveInBlueland
very well done. thanks for making this
how the hell can 50 people dislike this video?
Quebec Nordiques COMEBACK PLEASE
So why are they called the original 6 then?
You show the Maple Leafs. Are they still in the NHL?
Does the league really need two teams in the "four corners" states?
Get teams back in Quebec and Hartford!!! Move the Coyotes and Panthers.
garrry betman so what is the nhl not doing next year oh right all star game and olimpycs i hate him
This is dope AF!
Any city could have a team all The would have to do is pay Garry Bettman a couple million under the table Quebec is the one that really deserves another team not vegas
You realize that the montreal Canadians were the team that hasn't changed once from start to finish
Very cool video!!! But damn who chose the background music for this? Sounds like a flip phone ringtone. Should have been more epic.
Beautiful... Nothing more.
1972-1995 Nordique de Qu√©bec ?
This is 1000 percent better if you watch it to the theme song from Game of Thrones.
As a caps fan, good luck to George McPhee in Vegas.
Can we get a team in Portland Oregon? After the Nordiques of course.
"1918 
Vancouver Millionaires 
Missed that."
Canada deserves at least one more team :D
‚ù§
This was a cool video it was a nice touch showing the logo changes over the years.
If anything this proved we didn't need a team in Vegas
I watched this entire video just to see the part where Nashville pops up in 1998
To bad Portland, Oregon does not have an NHL team. There are smaller cities (population wise) that have NHL teams and people love hockey here. All we have is a WHL team and the average game has 15,000 people in attendance. In other words our WHL team sells more tickets than some NHL teams. If we had a pro team it would do even better attendance.
Habs there since the beginning
Phoenix to Seattle and Carolina to Quebec City, and now we're talking.
Vancouver millionaire
most amazing video I have ever seen. this is almost p0rn to me
That's so cool
bettman's logic they need to put a hockey team in india, china and maybe brazil.
Your story is incomplete 100 years-You did not bother to look into the early History.
Tiz made me tear up knowing tiz was going to be epic. ahh man can't believe how much work they put up. but then the last part I felt bummed out hahahaha. I mean they killed the vidieo. hahaha
can some swap the music for the game of thrones theme song please?
hi long island :)
there should be another team in minnesota because it is the state of hockey how crazy would it be if the stars came back up north with the wild üëçüëèüòäüòÉ
Man, that moment of time lapse when your  looking at the Original Six... As a long time Die Hard hockey fan, Its a powerful feeling.  Well done sir! Well done.
–ö—Ä—É—Ç–æ !
Bruins were first team that's still in the nhl so that makes the Bruins the first nhl team
They should make one of these for a real sport
Am I the only one who thinks Seattle should get a hockey team? That city only having 2 of the 4 major American sports seems crazy to me. Huge market potential especially since the city resents the NBA with their team moving to OKC
Who has the best logo???
The Nordique skating towards Colorado was pretty cool. Also the Isles Gorton's logo!
Sad how the money of NHL ruins the european leagues.
interesting
this is pretty cool its just would be so sad to have my team move even tho it never happened
cool video, never seen a few of the teams before
cool video, never seen a few of the teams before
nice
Loved it!
–≤–æ—Ç –±—ã –∑–¥–µ–ª–∞–ª–∏ –≤ –ö–•–õ –∏—Å—Ç–æ—Ä–∏—é –∫–ª—É–±–æ–≤.–ö—Ç–æ –∑–∞  —Å—Ç–∞–≤—å—Ç–µ –ª–∞–π–∫–∏
As soon as the NFL arrives in Las Vegas the Golden Knights will go belly up. Hartford has a better chance at hosting a team than Vegas. Bring back the Whalers!
Cool
so many stupid decisions here
That was a sick video. And I have never used the word sick to describe something awesome, it just was, sick
I think I am the only person that thinks the league has expanded too much too quickly
Great.....now contract the damn thing before the talent gets diluted....
Definitely one of the best videos I've seen any pro-league youtube channel put out
GoodüòÉüòÉüòÉ
Seattle Metropolitans?
Vegas has a team??
So stupid going to Vegas and not real hockey towns in Canada and North US. Keep your teams unprofitable
did anyone felt they got older by watching this
Now I haven't done much research on this subject but maybe I can get some clarification. But I used to always know of the original 6 NHL teams being Hawks, Rangers, Bruins, Wings, Leafs, Canadians and that was in 1926. Well right here in 1926 they have 10 teams. Also the NHL has been celebrating its 100th anniversary. So where am I getting lost here? Is this including the IHL or whatever it was called before it combined with the NHL? The only time I see an "original 6" is around 1944-1967
If Las Vegas gets a hockey team so should Alabama. lol
Russia respect NHL   and  wait  Global tournament
Best sport in the entire world, it's a shame how underrated it is. Also proud to be a lifelong Kings fan, here's to the next 100 years NHL!
I love NHL üíóüíóüíóüèÜüèÜüèÜ.
I never knew about the St. Louis falcons, I thought the blues were the only team we ever had. Very great video
coolz
NHL is rigged.
Weren't the metropolitans a hockey team in Washington state at some point?
NHL JUST REVEALED LAS VEGAS IS GETTING A TEAM
cool vid
this makes me strangely depressed
Awesome video
Well done NHL... well done indeed!!!
lets go Nunavut!!
I don't know why people hated on the Islanders "Fisherman" logo in the mid 90's. That was sick!
vegas knights??
vegas knights??
this is a dope video
Brought a tear to my eye watching how my teams logo has changed throughout the last 20+ years. Brought back a flood of memories and reminded me of how miss old logo's we had. I just wish I can go back.
Go Bolts ‚ö°Ô∏è‚ö°Ô∏è
Go Habs go
AWESOME way to see how much it's grown and teams and logos changeüëçüëçüëç
Vegas golden knights wtfff
His was really cool! #boldingold
would love to see this done for mlb, nba, and nfl. awesome job mr. creamer.
2:24 gave me tears. Bring back the Whalers!
And yet not one team in history went to Wisconsin :/
I still believe that Seattle should be the next stop
This is very well made!
Let's be honest. Amazing display of history.
Good video!
Flyers logo barely even changed Lol
This video gave me goosebumps!! Hopefully Alaska is the next one to get an NHL team!
Seeing Quebec and Winnipeg's logos move down and change made me sick.
welldone. GO SENS GO!
Vegas golden knights tho
Omg
Montr√©al canadien never gone
Buffalo came in the SAME season as Vancouver '70......learn your history!!!!
I screamed in joy when Golden Knights popped up. LETS GO
This'll probably sound biased because I'm an Arizona coyotes fan (I live in Arizona), but they coyotes are on the rise and so is hockey in Arizona. Also, when people complain about hockey in the desert, LA doesn't really get snow, same with San Jose, Anaheim and the Florida teams. With the number of prospects they have and the two first round picks this year, the coyotes look like they may have a good future.
Arizona Coyotes they're thinking about moving to Seattle
laines better
Cool
I like how Red Wings logo is virtually the same since 1932 with only a mere cosmetic change in 1967. What a stability!
all the other major logo changes while the wings logo just gets a little bigger every few years lol it was already perfect :)
I would love to see Seattle get a team.  Hartford and North Dakota also deserve teams.
If there is any justice in the world, Quebec gets either the Coyotes, Hurricanes or Islanders and they become the second incarnation of les nordiques!
"2000-2016
Just 1 Team moved.
Then everything else is just logo upgrading. LOL"
Oh Quebec:)
give north Dakota a team not las Vegas
was it just me or this video was actually kinda inspiring
Quebec City should have gotten the 31st NHL team.
Was it just me or was it hard to follow
Now, I fully know every NHL team name and when  they were a team!
nice bro
What was the music?
Pirates logo was just dope
I want there to be a Wisconsin team so bad
Through the years... The ducks still choke
Why playing in the desert where nobody gives a s#it about it?
i love this so much
Love how you added the vegas
Seattle Hipsters, make it happen 2020
I like the part when they move into Las Vegas for no reason
One question: Why Las Vegas?
every team that moved south made me cry
Where was the million airs
They want to grow the game in the US there going to expand to Seattle or Portland next
This video made me emotional.
Great video
The music makes me want to cry in awe for some reason idk
This video at 0.5 speed was perfect.
That's awesome.
This was an awesome video, well done. Miss my Sens 2d logo so bad!
SECOND TEAM IN TORONTO, ENOUGH SAID!!!
That was extremely well done.
Pretty sure Columbus changed the logo in 2007, not 2011.
Best video on this channel i've seen in a while
"Philadelphia Quakers 

Best name in the history"
Should move hurricanes to Quebec
so sad all the Americans teams and so few Canadian teams
Next hockey expansion city, Milwaukee
This is cool
Need more Canadian teams. Hell, we invented the flipping sport!!!!
wow amazing
inaccurate vancouver early 1910s
Quebec > Las Vegas
a little late changing that ducks logo.
Montreal has always been there even before the nhl
why does the dot where Toronto is look like its in Oshawa
#NunavutEskimos
great video shows the history nicely
R.I.P Atlanta Thrashers
it would have been cool if maybe Alaska actually got a sports team and it would make sense considering that it is a cold state
Song?
It would be cool to see a team count during the timeline to see how many teams there were at each stage. Awesome video!
Love my panthers
Alright... so who's stupid idea was it to move the Winnipeg Jets franchise to the hot deserts of Arizona?
I don't know why this gave me chills. Probably because it was so cool and well made.
This is dope
GO BRUINS
I really hope Seattle gets a team really soon. I also hope the Nordiques come back and maybe in the future Portland and Houston can get teams
Habs Forever, From the begenning to the end
That's cool
Wait 10 years and china will have a team.
HARTFORD WHALERS
Damn, Kings and Canucks are the west coast hockey OG's
Vancouver millionaires? Hello?
move the hurricanes, panthers, and coyotes to quebec, seattle, and hartford
didn't Seattle have a team a very long time ago? i thought i remember reading about a championship between them and toronto being cancelled due to a plague
great video
This is just awesome to see
Relocated the Tampa Bay Lightning to Thunder Bay Ontario.... So that they are the Thunder Bay Lightning. Boom. Mind Blown.
Quebec should be the next teams
Actually...I think Seattle should have a hockey team also...Pretty crazy how much hockey has expanded ... I bet in like 500 years there would be hockey teams in like Europe lol
UP NEXT: MEXICO MAYANS
quebec could use a team COUGH GARY BETTMAN COUGH
Maybe Alaska could have a team to make it even.
Watched it on half speed, perfect to actually see all the changes
We need more Canadian teams
100 years of awesomeness. Next should be the Quebec.......Huskies. Any other suggestions?
Need more Canadian teams...
so this is where the budget for review camera's went. your right the potatoes you use now are great.
I got Vietnam flashbacks when the north stars moved to dallas
Wow
If a team is going to QC(Quebec City), it'd be the panthers. However QC would have the least population of any NHL team, and that's a problem. But the population of QC has tripled in the last 15 years, so a bit of time and QC will be a franchise
sad to see the Thrashers move. Winnipeg deserves a team, but still miss the birds...
Why would people remove teams?
Awesome video!
3 minutes and 29 seconds of proof that the North Americans have no clue how to build genuine sports dynasties or nurture fan culture. The desert and swamplands could use a couple more DOA franchises.
Love how the NHL moves teams from places where they have many fans out to places where hockey is not popular at all.
The Ducks should go back to the  Anaheim mighty ducks , buy it back from Disney
The NHL should expand to Seattle and relocate the Coyotes and Canes to Quebec City and Hartford first and foremost. I'd also like to see the NHL go to Milwaukee, Saskatoon, Mexico City, and Baltimore sometime in the future.
Where are the Capitals?
Canadien are the Classic one, GO HABS GO!!!!!!
Some of these team names became another sports team's name in that area
This is so cool!
I feel Seattle should come next. It has promises, if it can build a arena.
Very very cool...
So cool!
Z
Amazing video! Can't wait to see what's next!
Why in the hell would a hockey team ever move from MINNESOTA to DALLAS ?
If any city got a new team out west, am I the only one who thinks Portland would be a good pick? Their fan bases there are great
A tout les Qu√©b√©cois qui veulent que les Nordiques reviennent
Vegas will no doubt have a minimal amount of fans as well. These decisions are straight up retarded...
This is actually pretty fantastic
Yes, Ottawa did have a team. Stop saying they didn't
great video, since there has to be an even number of teams next year they should add a Seattle team
really well done video
who ever the genius was that thought of expanding the market to the South East, especially the pointless state of Florida should be stoned to death. There is, and will never be any sort of sustained hockey culture down there.
Even the vagas team! Can't wait to see that co e into play
As a big caps fan i like the way the logo was the Eagle for like ten years them back to normal xD
does anyone not realize why they left Quebec in the first place? the market there was dead as the Habs were dominant, if any Canadian city it should be Halifax, Regina or London
BRING BACK THE WHALERS!
All hail the Buffalo Slug
Cancun and Punta Cana should be the next ones to get a team.
"PLEASE ADD A TEAM IN QEUBECE TO REUNITE THE RIVALRY OR IN SASKATCHEWAN!!!!!


More teams in canada!"
Seattle needs team.
Probably the best NHL video i have seen on youtube! Liked the way they not only showed how team got moved around but also when they changed their logos....pretty nice concise time lapsed themed video
Coool!
This is the reason why Montreal Canadians deserve all the respect in the league because we're the oldest team in the NHL we own the NHL with 24 stanly cups  go habs go !!
The Quebec City Frenchies has a nice ring to it
the canes should move to Quebec soon
so instead of bringing back the Hartford Whalers or Quebec Nordiques. they give us the Las Vegas Golden Knights.
I love how the blues logo has remained the same basically throughout the 50 years. Not to mention Chicago, Detroit, New York (Rangers), Montreal, and Toronto.
Jets became a team again in 2011? Damn time flies
loved the first 3 minutes and 19 seconds
I learned more about the expansion than all my history classes
it's gonna be weird having 31 teams
I'm an Ottawa fan and I kinda think that they should of kept the plain o till 2000 and then switched it to the modern logo I didn't like the last logo the almost modern logo but less bright colours and a different style tell me if you agree
Wow! Awesome video!
song?
It's crazy to think where Jagr slotted in all of this.
well done.
toronto needs another team, biggest hockey market that way canada can have 2 teams
All I got out of this is that the last time a new team logo looked good was the 70s.
Did anyone else see OMG with Ottawa and the Montreal teams at the beginning?
Vegas Team confirmed
Sick
I think Seattle would for sure be able to have a stable team.
I'm surprised on how many southern states have hockey teams and how many northern states don't.
Screw the haters: The NHL is still the Coolest Game on Earth.
wtf is up with the shitty camera moves of the map
Nunavut needs a team
Daly City Sharks
Fire Bettman
This video is so cool
1967 seals the deal for the teams with the best fanbases. If you came after '67 your teams fanbase is 'so-so'
What about the future team : LA Nights
The Oilers are still going to lose.
Great video
Nordiques, Whalers, and Jets should have never relocated. All 3 concessions where they have relocated are currently struggling. An NHL franchise in the desert is the biggest joke.
I miss the old stars logo
Why isn't Ottawa in the original six?
GREAT video!
Didn't know how young these teams where
They forgot to add Tampa's logo before the new one
Seattle Whalers. Should be the next expansion team
Wish there was some sort of breaks showing the division and conference changes over the years too. I liked the old Campbell/Wales Conference era.
can not wait to see that new Vegas team! 2017-18 season will be memorable for sure
bring back nhl to Quebec
LV shouldn't get a team. I think Quebec should get the nordiques back. They would do much better out there
That was sick
Neat video!
I caught nothing from the begining Because of how much there was to process...I'm going to have to watch it in slow motion but it is a very cool video
Mighty ducks logo is much better than the ducks, late 90s early 2000s sabres logo was awesome (I'm sorry but to me it was) late 90s coyotes logo and jerseys were awesome. And Winnipeg should create a hybrid jersey/logo of original and current(much like they did for the game they played against Edmonton earlier this year). I think you should pay homage to the original in your logo also because he current one is probably my least favorite in the league. And the original Columbus logo was awesome. The current stars and hurricanes jerseys are pretty generic and boring, the Carolina alternates are sick and they could make those their regular jerseys with a white version and the stars should go back to the black, dark green and gold.
Woo-hoo! The Canes! Oh, sorry Hartford.
Cant top the Red Wings and Flyers logo's. Classics.
Arizona coyoties to seatle Marlins
Quebec and Atlanta need a team. They're fans have proven to be loyal.
nice video üëè
As a Carolina Hurricanes fan, why do we have to share our legacy with the Whalers who never won anything that mattered
this is a cool video
Bring back the Whalers
coming soon  carolina  hurricanes moving to quebec city
Saskatchewan needs a team next
hockey forever
Great video I wonder if another team will rise in the future
IMHO, time to return NHL in ATALANTA
i hope this helps canadian fans realize that their team has accomplished almost nothing when it comes to mondern day hockey. 24 cups when nobody else existed lol
should've been the aces...
NHL should give teams to Seattle, Quebec City, and a 2nd team for Toronto.
my thrashers :(
The late-90s Sabres' logo was badass.
Didn't know Kansas City had a team in the 70s
That's an awesome video. As someone who loves reading/learning on the history of hockey I hope the NHL does more of these historical videos for the centennial
I want the Nordiques back in the worst way.
that music was pretty neat
Needs one more Team in the Western conference and they're even. Hope Bettman chooses correctly.
this was a very nice video. thank you!
Cool vid. Years on the logos were not accurate but otherwise awesome job.
Very Cool
Let's welcome the Golden Knights to the NHL, everybody!!
Blue Jackets <3
Love the original 6 that kept their logo through the years
The Quebec nordiques :)
Rip Cleveland Barons
Qubec should be the next city to get an NHL team...
That's so cool
this video was beautiful, as a hockey fan who finally has a job that allows for him to watch hockey, seeing histroy unfold is eye opening; extravagant, and exciting to see the OG teams.
It made my nipples erect when they started showing how team logo's have changed throughout the years.
0.75 speed makes the music more epic
dope af
Beautiful
Ducks should of kept their original logo and colors. So much cooler than what they have now.
LGR!!!!
I guess now we have proof that Corwin actually goes out into the sun sometimes
no colored laces? ok then
Part 2 pls??
Need some more "yah you knows" in the post game interview
Where are the colored laces and mismatched socks
That visor is actually sick
Should have used Batman tape
This is like the buzzfeed of sports im loving these series
That was actually amazing. I'm dying. xD
This video is gold
-5 HAHAHAHHAHA
69 nice
this is it chief
"Were gonna dress up like a tool" Proceeds to use all of Jesse's equipment.
‚Äúyou look like a fucking create-a-player!‚Äù
boys we need more of this holy god
The outer shell on those helmets so thin u can crack it with a punch, thought i was sick wearing the same matte black one cracked in the first fucking week of owning the shit they call easton lol
‚ÄúWhere you play? Junior D-bag?‚Äù Best line ever
All these hockey players fucking suck, terrible
This video is probably the greatest one yet. Keep em coming!! Hockey chirps are iconic and we want more
He can't even do an interview... where's the sniffling and not enough uhh's smh
What the hell u wearing bird cages for
What the hell u wearing bird cages for
He didn't tuck the jersey in on all the sides :(
ü§£ü§£ü§£ loved it
Do the same, but with a goalie. Ya need the old school brown pads and a Hasek mas to start
The more you try to make someone look like a hockey douche bag, the more they look like Ovechkin.
I've scene all of the bardown vids now and I love it. Keep em coming guys
I dont know if it was on purpose but when someone chirps saying "whaaa?" A few times seems to piss them off
This is quality YouTube content right here. The amount of effort is astounding! You earned a sub my friend
Episode 2?
The fact that you Americans talk like this on the ice is fucking hilarious
Keep these videos coming üòÇ
I love the helmet so much. I actually have a helmet that's bright orange.
First video I've seen but I like it. Liked and subbed
Omg I just had a hockey tournament at Canlan ice rink
Luca was looking at Auston Matthews on his computer. Lol
The supreme sticker is a tremendous addition
you should've taped his stick with clear tape
This was beautiful. Thanks TSN
Dude, keep this series, i telling you, this was funny as shit
The hoodie Erin is wearing from my high school hockey team I didn't now he when to my school
Corwin looks like jacksepticeye
6:04 #8 was so mad lol
BarDown... more of this. This is far better than those awful skits.
Everything on BarDown would be good if they had people who were actually funny.  None of these guys are funny.
this is so funny
I died when they got out the supreme sticker
God damn hockey players are arseholes you'd never see that sort of talk in a rugby match
Where are the leather gloves and pink tape
Supreme sticker lol.
Plot twist: It's the only gear he owns
Hahaha " he knew what he did. Check the tape".
This was amazing üòÇ
Nice
Wood stick lol
Where is the wooden stick?
Please make more of these, you guys are the only reason I subscribe to this channel
Omg YES!!! more Corwin plz
This is an awesome series, seriously excited to see so much more of this!!!
God I love the Bardown team
Those chirps sounded staged
FISHBOWL?
they look like the Dallas cowboys if they were a hockey team.
This is what people will watch for their history of the internet class in 3018
Even the refs are chirping
Does this mean you guys will finally get your own YouTube channel?
"ASHL dads are chirping?

They wear stickers on their helmets for participation trophys."
Aluminum stick
You NEED your own channel
‚ÄùI borrowed his shot too‚Äù
"stay still I'm trying to check my hair" üòÇ
The tinted visor in the thumbnail is sexy! Imagine a fully tinted fishbowl oh myyyy
I kinda like the blades lol
6:08
i wanna see jess wear all that stuff that would be so funny because he would have the best responses to the chirps
The white skates are pretty brutal, but finding white skates with T Blades couldn't have worked out better for making him look like a tool.
I like the gloves. I actually wear all white Warrior ax1 gloves myself.
fantastic
Wait, the chain wasn't part of the tool getup?
Buncha benders....this aint pranking
0:51 same, Grady. Same
Next time, get the oldest gear you can find, get someone to wear that
This pales in comparison to what the usual roller hockey player wears lol
Id volunteer to wear that religiously
Do a goalie version where he wears one of those marvel mask, black pads and a colored cage
"Buddy you play way too much CHEL" I'm dead.
This is Canadian as fuck.
the refs are chirping him üòÇ
Canlan York is a garbage rink
Have him play a full game opposite handed
This is content
Just missing the yellow laces
NOW THE INSTAGRAM VIDEO MAKES SENSE
Right on boys, quality content
The mighty dicks
My names grady
Should have went Red Helmet with the Visor
"actually it was my second" lmao I LIVE for you guys
I can't wait!
When making eric look like a tool is just giving him all of Jesse's stuff
I lost it when they interviewed him.
I don't see a problem!!! When I skate out(growing up I was keeping net!) I wear Mike bossy's jofa w 1/2 shield!!!(I love it cause I get chirped for having Gretzky gear!!!) And when I suit up tender I have a blue "IRBE" lid and since I'm decent in goal guy's aren't old enough to remember the " Irbe, Healy, Rhudey,  and let's not forget Sauve!" so I get alot of "Hasek" chirps!!! I'm an eBay gear nerd(to an extent, I see guys actually using 70's masks with the small eyeholes rather than the cage?!? I mean talk about sacrificing functionality for fashion at practice for 20-30 minutes, but Pretty selfish if you're costing your team cause you think something looks cool!?!) Really, I've seen this!!!
Luca looking at Auston's photoshoot at the beginning lol
So glad I subbed!!! The past 2 vids have been phenom!!!! #phenom!!!!
Turns out Jesse already dressed as a tool naturally
Do a TSN Chell tournament
0:31
My team got slapped on this rink
Chief, this is it
Try and find the skates with the heated blades
this is awesome, let me design you guys some jerseys. Im a free lance graphic designer. my insta is @ApolloHockeyApparel
The chirps were worth it alone
Definitely more of this kind of video
Wear gear from the 70s and grow a matching tache.
Man how can I apply for your guys job.  Looks like you guys just get to have fun while talking about hockey
I've been waiting for this since seeing the IG posts. Haha He looks like robocop with that visor
You did this man fuckin dirty ! I love it! Good job boys
I wonder what gritty would do if he saw him wearing that stuff
This video was amazing! It's awesome to see the personality of TSN!
I would love more videos with these guys
It's been a fat minute since I've laughed this hard. Thank you, Bar Down. Please keep it up
Hilarious, best interview at the end to top it off.
I want to buy that bucket
love TSN and this crew, thank you guys for the laughs and great videos
I love vancouver
"Was it your first goal?" "No it was my second, first was when I scored with your mother."
Low key looks like callaros
Next make Jesse wear the oldest equipment you can find #gojetsgo #tsn
Love it. More of this please
Never forget that Jesse wore a Solar Bears uniform...
link to the ref video? I forget what it's called
Lmao did they tell the refs and other team to chirp him
This is fantastic
chief this is it.
This is it chief
I wanna see more of Jesse corwin and Luca playing
NO WAYYY!! I just played a high school tournament at Canlan today!!
Gotta get the JOFA lid next time
So long story short... Jessie is the dutiest hockey player ever?....
Hilarious chirps, can't wait to see more!
F copy rights. Bring back grease'd Laine # leaf fan. No big deal
I just witnessed Eric getting bullied for half a video üòÇ
oh my god this is FANTASTIC
The fact that the other team got pissed off angered me.
FISHBOWL!?!?! FISHBOWL!?!?!?! YOU GOTTA CHIRP THE DUSTY THING FOR WHAT IT IS!- instant classic.
Can we talk about how Corwin looks exactly like Josh Morrisey from the winnipeg jets
As an American I was super confused and entertained by this
if you need an extra defenseman 6'5" 215 hits like a motherfucker and quick with an awesome wrist shot and good slapshot with decent vision when I'm not having a seizure hmu
"just get ccm 552 tacks
or old ccm gloves"
Great video! You guys should make a seperate channel, I love this content and the quizzes but don't want to get spammed with all the other tsn videos in my feed
Was missing the yellow laces my dood lol
"Meeered visor"
I called Chief. He said this is it.
Sports goggles and 2 piece stick next
Everything about this is hilarious. The create a player chirp is gold
Was prayin to see some cooperalls
This channel is fucking amazing.
Lke button SMASHED
do more.  honestly so happy this is a thing
Honestly this was hilarious till I heard Vic Mensa üòÇ
Chief just called. He said this was it
Yes we need more
This right here.  There is no better quality content on the web! Keep it up boys! LETS GOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO!
need more thanks!
3:07 Jesse made me so uncomfortable
lol you look like a "create a player"
Please do more of this
Can you go pro Jesse
This is the quality content I subscribed for
"This is the other side of tsn...






The good side"
"You look like a fucking create a player" was the best chirp by far.
Do Canadians really hate Ovi that much
I live so close to that CANLAN ice sports arena!!! Invite me!!!
LOVE IT! MOARRRRRRRRR.
"Where'd you play? Junior D Bag?" fucking killed holy shit
üòÇüòÇbravo boys
U guys are brutal for working at TSN in canada...
this was funny, I enjoyed this(:
You should do player profiles for individual players on the team and break down their playing style
Why didn't you just let Jesse wear his equipment
-5 üôåüëèüôåüëè
"Junior D-Bag"
dont gotta dress like a tool that roman numeral tat does it for ya
Why do kids with cages always have to talk the most shit?
Junior D-Bag is a solid burn
Just talked to chief, he said this is it.
Let's GOOOOO
‚ÄúMy first goal was in Peewee‚Äù killed me
Please have Eric participate in the quizzes pppppllleeeeaaassseeeee
Of course Jesse sits with his legs crossed
Man I wish I could play. At least I skate better than Jesse.
AMAZING! I love it
I like how they make Eric look like a tool, but they do it by just giving him all of Jesse's stuff. XD
Beaut of an epi boys, keep em up
Jesse loves everything they tried to punish Erik with lol
Now this is great content
My teacher's brother runs the ASHL
Do this more but make Jesse do it
yes!!
More of this. This is it.
üçûüçûüëÄüëÄ
Sub to me
Big gay
Sounds like Bill Belichick
the nba needs to set a rule on the 4 man screen rung before someone does it to win a game. basically the move is have your 4 players make a ring around a shooter so opponents cant defend them to give your shooter open space to shoot. one day it will happen and its gunna be crazy.
19.2-7 No guns
stop changing the rules and let teams adapt to these hacks. all you are making is a terrible uneventful game.
Roger Neilson is known in Vancouver for being the guy who began towel waving in hockey. Game 2 of the WCF against Chicago, he waved a white towel on a stick, and thus began towels in NHL ice hockey. I own one of those original towels they gave out in game 3 back in Vancouver, my grandmother preserved it and gave it to me. I consider it a great piece of sports history.
5&-'-4&+$:7$: can fix can be CC üè¢üè£üöâüöä
Santi?
Not the hero we wanted but needed
You either die a hero or live long enough to see yourself become a villain
Anybody know where you can see the matches
"My favorite rule verbiage is in the sport of baseball. A player, after reaching first base, tried to steal second to allow his compatriot on third to steal home. The catcher wasn't fooled, kept the ball, and so after the guy got to second, he decided to run back to first and try it again, until the catcher gave in and tried to get him out, allowing the guy on third to score. The next day the baseball commission wrote a new rule worded thus, and it's great:

""Any runner is out when, after he has acquired legal possession of a base, he runs the bases in reverse order for the purpose of confusing the defense or making a travesty of the game.""

And it absolutely fits in with the idea of them appending his name to it, like ""Making a travesty of the game, ROGER."" (Well Germany Schaefer in this case)"
"OMG. That ish is /hilarious/.

""*ROGER*"""
There was this goalie in the Argentine First Division Football/Soccer League called Hugo Gatti during the 60s and 70s. Since goalies, aka gaolkeepers, in soccer/football don't have to follow the same dress code as the rest of the team when it comes to colors of the shirt, he would like to have colorful getups where he would wear bright shirts with bright pants and socks, and play in a very provoctative and taunting way. The AFA (Argentina's Football Association) passed a rule which said that the goalie could use a different color shirt but the pants and socks had to match the rest of the team. So as to basically put an end to his shennanigans.
The rule only says the goalkeeper has to stay in the crease until the player touches the puck. Doesn't mean he can't charge and take the puck away.
The original nhl ombudsman
then he died of cancer
This guy reminds me of bill belichick
i love this weird rules series! will you be doing one on the martin brodeur rule in the nhl?
He also started the weird swirling of towel over your head thing during championship games.
FINE! I'll watch it!
I went to Roger Neilson's Hockey School every summer....    : )
So when they touch the puck for the penalty shot, that includes when they're swiping the puck left to right with their stick right?  So the moment the stick touches the puck by a tiny tap you can charge the person.
There's one for rugby league that's still in operation but you yanks wouldn't have a clue what I was talking about it I were to explain it
"Two more Roger Neilson stories, though not really relating to weird rules:
-In 1978-79 he was fired as head coach by the Toronto Maple Leafs; after outrage across the team and fanbase he was reinstated without missing a game, but the Leafs' cantankerous owner Harold Ballard's original plan was to bring him back as a ""mystery coach"" with a paper bag on his head, that he was supposed to take off to reveal himself at some point in his first game back. Roger refused, came back as normal, but was again fired at the end of the season. 

-In the 1982 playoffs he was coaching the Vancouver Canucks, a job he took over from Harry Neale who was suspended late in the season for attacking a fan in Quebec City, and who were en route to their first of 3 trips to the Stanley Cup Finals. During game 2 of the Campbell (Western) Conference Finals against Chicago, he felt his Canucks were getting the short end of the stick regarding penalties, so he put a white towel on a hockey stick and waved it in mock-surrender. He and three players who copied him were ejected and fined, but at game 3 in Vancouver thousands of fans brought their own towels to wave at the game, and ""Tower Power"" was born. Roger even has a statue outside Rogers Arena depicting him with the skate & towel raised."
Hockey still has b.s. rules.
They should make a movie about him... I'd watch it.
Where are these games, so we can watch the hilarity?
No SnOwMaN
yo i deadass wasnt paying attention because the guys pants on the right are so black that it looks like it isnt there wtf
Lol,i was that kid
they should real the rules for tw seasons to see if any coaches now will do that stuff.
"Because nobody ever studied their opponents... *coughs * Ridiculous 
 - Sun Tzu"
Lol you're always "in the right" if it's a loophole. Dumbfuck.
Preventive measure would be to give referees more power to decide what to do if they think something is unsportsmanlike behaviour. Put minute of extra time on the clock and give penalty shots if they deem it necessary.
These are almost the most boring people to ever be in a video besides anybody who is in a buzzfeed video.
Wtf is this weird format? Why is this a conversation?!
Chaotic good
Go home Roger
I don't want to watch, where does the snowman come into play?
How about one in soccer/football, that says that you can't score a goal direct from a throw-in, at least if the same team doesn't touch it? Despite it being in the rule books, a Premier League game actually had this happen (it happened to Aston Villa in 2002), and the referee counted it. The keeper swears he never touched the ball, and it's inconclusive to this day.
How can you put more men on the ice when you are already down to 3 plus the goaltender! It has a limit and the rule change is unnecessary!
2:37 soooo the goalie can still charge at the penalty shot taker hasek style ?
Do not you dare make a snow man
I don't understand the first one they mention, about the three people. I mean, the coach is able to put more people in the ice than it is allowed? What does it mean to reset the game?
A perfect example of Chaotic good
The first IRL speedrunner.
(2:40) No, the goal keeper does not have to stay put. The rule said that the goal keeper only has to stay put until the puck has been touched, and it was when the puck was touched that the penalty shot begins. I bet that the defencman also stayed put until the puck was first touched.
Whoa.. this channel is amazing. The interview style is sooo great for presenting fun facts. Way better than the animated crap in all those "top 10" videos. Kudos, sub'd.
Roger was the original Analytics Coach in the NHL. Fun fact
why dicaprio
I'm that kid
"5:24

I think they're called ""penetration testers"". I'm not correcting you, I just really like saying the job title ""penetration tester""."
I want to see this in a Drunk History format.
"Roger: did you guys even read the rule book?
Officials: what do you mean roger?
Roger: lol, dont worry about it."
"this guy saved hockey!" No.No he didn't.
Wow...could this look anything more like two forever virgins alone on a Friday night passing the time until they THINK it will get all better in college?
He's a troll lol
Binging this series has reminded me of three curious loopholes in various historical tournament chess rules sets that were all as far as I understand it closed in response to them being abused for chess puzzles, namely promotion to a king, promotion to a piece of your opponent's colour, and vertical castling with a newly promoted rook.
Everyone calls following the rules to the letter a loophole. It's not. Calling it a loophole is just dumb people finding a way to disparage someone vastly smarter than themselves.
I must say that I'd rather have a video just of the guy explaining things instead of this weird conversation
lol.. what he said about all 4th graders traveling..They all travel in the NBA too
were these NHL rule changes?  Neilson was the coach of the Petes when he pulled the "too many men on the ice" trick and the "defenceman in the net for penalty shots" trick, so clearly they would have entered into the OHL rulebook, but did they get kicked up into the NHL?
I was playing a showcase in Michigan once and my coach made me take every face off in the second period with no stick to prove a point to the ref. Hilarious because I would just line up like a center in football and clobber the kid when the puck dropped.
I don't even like sports and this was really interesting
These two guys have no clue about hockey.
That guy on the right is extremely Jewish looking. You just don't get much more Talmudic in appearance than that.
Roger and my grandpa were friends. I used to get sent autographs from players he was coaching. Not DiCaprio like at all. Really great guy.
esports are a thing. Do a few of those. I recommend Magic The Gathering. They've got more weird rules than you'll ever be able to cover. Get one of the experts out there from another channel to come in and try to make it interesting to sports fans. (alternate: Game Balance fix for League of Legends)
Roger is a Hero! :-)
Why isn't there a movie about this guy?!?
"This is why legal contracts are so cryptic and verbose.
They want to get every nook and cranny of said rules to just have something work, otherwise someone thinks they're gonna do something ""allowed"" by using a loophole.
Here's an idea someone would ask: ""Why don't we make loophole attempts illegal? Clearly, just intending to work outside any simple yet fair rules is a terrible thing to do.""
Because that would strip a lot of power from bad lawyers, the kind that abuse the verbosity of legal contracts, so, there are simply just too many that wouldn't let that kind of rule pass."
When I was playing a game of crazy eights I called last card until I had the entire deck in my hand
numales
This is like those TAS exploits except in hockey.
This is a bad setup
A example of a soccer loophole would be in 2002 Sheffield United vs West Brom. United were losing 3-0 had used all their substitutes and were reduced to 8 men due to 3 red cards. With a 3 man deficit for the final 15 minutes a severe beating was highly likely which would adversely affect their goal difference (a tie breaker in English Football). Subsequently 2 players left the field "injured" and with no replacements allowed the referee had no option to abandon the game as the minimum number of players allowed is 7.
LOL
Sean Avery rule
"Roger Nielson seems pretty based forreal.
More rules don't make sports better"
"I'm not sure whether or not Roger created this rule, but I'd be shocked if he didn't exploit it over his career.  If a team used their timeout earlier in the game (they only get one) and he needed one to give his best line a breather, he'd have the goalie come over with an equipment problem - skate lost an edge, strap on his pad came loose, something like that.  Back in the day, they could take their time fixing the problem, so the equipment manager would have trouble finding the skate sharpener, or he'd have to tape the strap on the pad really, really, really securely - like a half-roll of tape.

There also used to be a rule where if you substituted your goalie, he got a couple of minutes to warm up, and teammates were allowed to take shots on him.  Many coaches also used this rule to get an unofficial timeout.  Some would swap out their goalies repeatedly, just to kill the other teams momentum and get a few extra seconds of rest for a tired line they wanted out on the ice.

Other things that they still do today is have players changes sticks, and the equipment manager will bring them two sticks from the bench.  Of course, the player will take his dead time selecting just the right one.  Another tactic they use is to try and have a player either change late, after the ref has signalled for the other team to make their change, or change on an icing call, which you can't do if you're the team that iced the puck.  Somebody will wander off the bench, the ref will catch him and send him back, the player will argue that he was on the ice when the icing call was made, but the ref will send him off anyway."
Former Leafs owner Harold Ballard once wanted Roger Neilson to coach with a paper bag over his head.
I remember in a HS football game we had an awesome kicker.  One play we just got up some-odd 10 points in les than a minute with less than a minute to go.  He did an onside kick, and never lined up.  He put his hand up for the refs but once they whistled him through they just went for it and we won. Beautiful instance
"Heh, it's been something of a truism for a long time that any time you see a particularly odd or extremely prescriptive rule, law, user instruction etc somewhere, the great likelihood is that it's been laid down in response to one particular person doing something crazy but technically allowed / not defended against that then caused a whole mess of trouble, and that prescription had to be put in to guard against even the tiny likelihood that someone else would copy them.

And, well... looks like we found ""that one guy"", at least for the ice hockey rulebook :D"
For that last rule could you maybe do a thing where you take the a stick, put it in front of goal and then just score goals by hitting it over and over again lol
He kind of looked liked a very old Ted Bundy.
sounds like me
Dean smith is the man who forced a shot clock. What a legend
The NHL seems pretty back at patching loopholes. Why would they specify goalkeepers with that third one? It sounds to me like any other substituted player can still leave whatever equipment they want in front of the goal...
I'm so disappointed. I thought NHL was NHS!
After 3v5 they should just let people in on the other team and not stop time for the 6th player to come out.
You either die a villain or live long enough to become the hero.
Can you break off the goal and take it with you?
Can the goal tender throw their stick?
"Deliberate" so as long as they put someone as coach who has low enough intelligence where they are not deliberately doing anything, it's doable.
Should have a movie about Roger Wilson
Troubleshooter!
You can't punish someone for being clever.
Roger Neilson is the kind of guy who'd purposely burn himself just to sue a fast food chain for not putting a "hot content" warning on the cup.
If they were facing the same camera, this would be perfectly normal. But facing each other, this looks like a first date that's going really well. Like, the guy in the red shirt brought a date conversation notebook and he's totally crushing it. Is this what a gay Canadian match date looks like? Expect at Tim Horton's, obviously.
Yikes, and I though the exploits and cheese strats in video games were bad.
I'm not quite clear on the first one. Ok, so he kept stalling by keep putting too many men on the ice. But what does this have to do with "can't have fewer than three men"? Surely he can stall the same way even if he still has four, five or even the full six?
He was also one of the first coaches to use video to teach his players.  His nickname was "captain video".
As my Health and Safety Manager says to me "Every stupid, dumb and pointless rule has a story behind it."
this one was actually pretty good.
Underarm bowling in cricket.
The Rob Ray rule to keep your equipment and jersey on in NHL fights because he just took that off and no one could grab onto him and then he just went to town fighting
What about non-goalie NHL hockey players- are they allowed to leave their stick, snow .... in the way so opponent players who like to attack in one particular way are stifled because there is all this stuff in their way. It shouldn't been necessary to have this rule change- should already been covered.
Bill Belichick
Absolutely NO snowmen.
"Using a player instead of a goalie for a shootout doesn't seem like its a loophole at all, if a team wants to do that they should be able to do it. There are 3 trivial ways of beating something like that as a shooter, the absolute best and cheapest way is probably just flip the puck really high 15 feet over the guys head as he's halfway to you. Doing this is ridiculously easy and aiming at the net should be like a 95%+ easy feet for most from just inside the red line.
You could also just bank it off the boards like a billiards shot, or of course... just shoot the damn thing past the guy normally, it should be much easier than a real goalie."
No one likes traveling guy. Bounce the ball you uncoordinated thing.
More videos like this, short, interesting, made me want more, plus i resonate with rodger. haha funny bit by the way, rodger.
Neat! would have never known about these funny stories and changes to the game
Hockey was broken before they play tested and patched it, too many exploits.
Wait, regarding the third rule. Does that mean you can pile up snow or shaved ice to help block the goal, as long as the goalkeeper remains at the goal?
This guy must play MtG as well.
You would be like so good at DND min-maxing
How does one talk about Roger and not mention THE TRAP !!!!!!    Blasphemy !!!
The Avery rule comes to mind.
The term for the hacker you referred too is a "penetration tester"
The one who exploit the rules win games.
Although in this case it seems different, I can't help think of Phil Mickleson's golf loop hole.......just doesn't seem right
Until player has tuched the puck" technichally the goalie would have to stay put indefinatly because the player never actually touches the puck...
I think people underestimate and underappreciate the role trolls play in society. The founding fathers were OG Trolls, Dr. Martin Luther King was a troll, Barry Goldwater was a troll. Trolls aren't necessarily bad, they are simply annoying to certain groups of people who have power. Because a troll is very different from a bully. A bully attempts to maintain their dominant position in a hierarchy, but a troll isn't at the top of the hierarchy, they are usually the outsider or outcast attacking the dominant. Sure, there are really awful shitlord trolls out there, but even they play a vital part in the marketplace of ideas.
"The guy on the right is an unfunny dumbass. It seems like an interesting format, but both people have to contribute, which isn't happening here.
The commentary generally is also mediocre."
This guy is a hero, but Bill Belichick cheated by calling a receiver ineligible.
It's like when someone hacks into some company and then they hire that person to write their new security software.
Actually....the rule books SHOULD include the first instance that required the rule to be created, along with the rule. Both for interesting history and for the same reason courts cite precedent when making decisions
God I hate people like that that find some stupid loophole and then do the equivalent of going "not touching you, not touching you... " and then think they're so smart. There should be a blanket statement above the rules that says "spirit of the rule, not the letter of the rule, has to be respected" that gives the referees discretionary powers to shut down any loophole if and when they come up even if they are technically legal under the letter of the rule.
Have either of you actual played a sport? At all? Ever?
Sean Avery rule :))
White people
What a stickler for rules
Bilicheck of Hockey?
RIP Roger Neilson
That last one, what is preventing a defender from putting his stick down there while the goalie leaves, and go get a new one from the bench, or change on the fly?
Way to go making an interesting topic into a ridiculously boring video
Man i wish i could erase my memory of this vid just so I could rewatch and feel the same sense of awe
These guys are total soyboys hard to watch
What if you build a snowman in front of the goal, then put a jersey on it and make it the goalkeeper?
"This is how Bill Belichick does so well
He always finds small, small loop holes to get any advantage

Bend but don't break the rules"
Rodger do you want to build a snowman??
Guy on the left looks like dusty from Just Friends!
There is also a story mentioned by Brian Mcfarland in his book about Roger Neilson coaching the Peterborough Petes(Junior A in the OHL team). He thought his team would need a lot of timeouts to keep up with the faster team(I think the London Knights) so he had his farm team for the Petes sit behind the bench and everytime he would tug his ear, the farm team was suppose to throw eggs on the ice, resulting in a "unoffical" timeout giving his team a breather. The only problem is he forgot to let the coach of the farm team know, so when the coach showed up and found his players throwing eggs on the ice he kicked them out and sent them home to think about what they were doing. Roger went to pull his ear, and no eggs came, turned around and the whole team was gone.
0:25 hah gottem
"Me and my friend exploited the game of capture the flag. (The version of capture the flag that we played allowed you to pull someones belt to get them out as long as you are on your side of the center line, so you can get them out by grabbing their belt from your side even though they are on their side) we developed a strategy where you would get out of jail by getting freed by another player on your team and on the way back grab the belt of someone camping by the center line, then with the belt in our hand we would jump onto our side of the line, land, and pull the belt off. 




The teacher banned the tactic ):"
You could do one about the rule implemented due to a goalie flipping over the net durring a 2 on 0 to face a penalty shot instead of 2 people at once.
Avery rule !
Roger, you are a genius
Sean Avery should be in the Hall of Fame for his screen on the Brodeur.
This is so hilarious:D Where I am from, Peterborough Ontario, we have memorial statues and public schools named after him. I've never heard any of these storiesüòÄ Totally have some new respect for this guy!
Hockey sucks..
Not the hero hockey needed , but the one it deserved
actually someone invented the shot clock in basketball to make the game more interesting
I feel like all of these could be avoided if you just had a rule against unsportsmanlike conduct or being disruptive. It's actually a good thing for rules that constrain the real world to contain a little bit of ambiguity like this to leave room for discretion, because no set of rules can anticipate and describe every possible scenario that can take place in the real world.
Leaving a stick in front of the net is still exploitable. If your stick breaks, you have to drop it, or you will get a penalty. If the goalie intentionally breaks his stick in front of the net and drops it, then the ref can't award that automatic goal, because the goalie is still technically playing by the rules.
Hey I know a kid named Seth, i also baby sit this kid that sometimes play imaginary games and he doesn't let me get anywhere
I'm not a hockey fan (I live in Australia) but 2 was genius.
The bill belicheat of hockey
"I didn't know these things about Roger Neilson, even though I was always a big fan of him as a coach. Here's another anecdote about Roger: On 4/29/82, Roger was so fed up with bad calls by the referee going against his team that he held up a hockey stick with a white towel on top as a ""white flag"", to sarcastically indicate that he was surrendering. The move was so popular with the fans, that it became a Vancouver Canucks tradition for fans to wave white rally towels at their games. They call it ""towel power"". 

Search on youtube, ""Roger Neilson Waves the White Flag"""
The RAF's Manual of Air Force Law has ostensive definitions brought about by 'defence' claims that are ruled out of order. So, for example, Rape is defined (along with many other ostensives) as "sexual intercourse on the pretext that it is  a surgical operation to improve the breathing."
YOU LIED
Roger Neilson was a physical education teach at my high school. ;)
3:19 if no one ever did that, they wouldn't need the rule in the first place.
I don't like sports, but things like this make me happy they exist
Lol
I was that kid, and still am just a little older and still just as frustrating.
Weird rules - The Commoner Railgun.
I love to imagine everytime Roger found a loophole I can see an old hockey official yelling "ROGER!" while shaking his hand
Isn't the too-many-men thing the EXACT same thing as basketball players fouling towards the end of a game when they're behind? Fouling to gain an advantage? I'd like to see a video on this before ya'll rip on the NHL.
you NEED to do the air gait.
The Fire Marshal Bill of Hockey
In a ahootout I think I'd rather have a d than a goalie as the shooter
Funny video, but, om, the channel name......sports ball nation?
Roger Neilson. The Thanos of hockey
"126 dislikes? How? Why were you here? 
I have a feeling that Roger is like... 14 of those... just churning out fake accounts to dislike this particular video.

‚ÄúTheres no rule that says I can't‚Äù

Asshole."
The reason these rules didn't exist is because they used to play with honor back then so they weren't needed.
Please tell me they made a movie about these events
I met the man that was the reason for the 5 second holding the basketball rule he held the ball for and entire last quarter he is from Indiana and is in his 90s and still plays pick-up games on the weekend
I miss Johns "Pretty good"
0:05 daequan
Dropkicks in the NFL
So somone invented a game and got upset that a guy that liked playing games showed up to play :)
Omg I would totally watch Leonardo DiCaprio play an aging Roger just going about his hockey shenanigans.
Well the NHL made the Sean Avery rule lol
In lacrosse, before there was a shot clock, there was a play called "the armadillo," and it defeated the national champions by a score of 1-0.
"2:55
What you're describing is still basically legal. You can designate a defenseman as an alternate goalkeeper and have him rush the shooter from the crease as soon as he touches the puck. What's illegal is putting that guy directly next to the puck like it's a face-off so the shooter has to get past him on the first touch of the puck."
Sounds Belichickian.
who watches these videos? 2 cucks talking to each other and giggling
back in school I was that kid who always found really outlandish exploits in the game rules~ but the problem was that, well, the teachers never understood my the exploits when I explained them :/
My dad and I met Roger through Hockey Ministries International. We had been attending their hockey camps in the summer since July of 1998 and had got to know quite a few people in that organization, including Don Liesemer, president of HMI. Flash forward to the dark times after September 11th, 2001, many flights were of course cancelled or delayed. Roger was taking cancer treatments at the time in Philadelphia and couldn't get a flight back to Ottawa at the time. Don called up my dad knowing that he was in the area asking him a favour. Roger needed a way back home and he was wondering if my dad could drive him back to Canada to get his needed rest after his treatment. My dad didn't hesitate and made his 1997 extended cab Ford Aerostar as comfortable as it could be. They didn't talk too much on that 8 hour ride north as Roger was needing rest and slept most of the way. He was very appreciative and kept in touch over the phone and we went to visit him when he came to town for games in the future. He even offered to sponsor half of my tuition to attend a school in Saskatchewan to play hockey! That's how I ended up going to school in Saskatchewan and subsequently meeting my wife in high school, making a life for myself up here. Roger got progressively worse in health and while the sponsorship promise fell through near the end of his life it was understandable. His influence and meeting led to many great things for me and my dad (I made the short list for the final tryouts for the Lindsay Muskies at 15 years old, my dad became an off-ice official for the Philadelphia Phantoms) and we were grateful for his friendship. He was a great person and of course an influential coach in the hockey community. He had some terrific stories to share! I still have my Christian Athlete Hockey jersey that he signed and wanted to give to me from way back when. What a fantastic person!
he died at the age of 69 ayee
If only they had some people who knew about hockey talking about this...
I think you should interview people that actually have knowledge of the sport you are talking about... Just saying.
Lawyerball is what we called it
The Avery rule the Gretzky rule
You should do a Smokey Yunick video. Dude made nascar officials look down right dumb useing "grey area rules".
"Can't believe Barbados vs. Grenada in the 1994 Caribbean cup hasn't been done yet... its my single favourite sporting odyssey of all time!

In short...
- Overtime was sudden death/golden goal for this tourney but special rule was the golden goal counted double
- Barbados needed to beat Grenada by two goals to move on to the next round, otherwise Grenada would
- Barbados was ahead by only one nearing the end of regulation time... meaning they would get knocked out
- Near the end they score on themselves intentionally, to even the game and send it to overtime
- Grenada catches on, they realize that if they score on either goal, they move on! They either win or they lose by one, both acceptable
- So now Barbados has to defend BOTH nets until regulation runs out and Grenada has to play offense both ways... hilarity ensues"
"The Rob Ray rule, named after Buffalo Sabres/Ottawa Senators goon/enforcer Rob Ray:

https://www.sportingcharts.com/dictionary/nhl/rob-ray-rule.aspx"
Oh please, the jew-y twink on the right WAS the kid making up bullshit rules
Can you guys please be more like Vox and just explain your video without the conversation at the desk. It just needlessly draws it out.
You should do the Monster Bat Incident (1771) in cricket
Watching these 2 discuss hockey is pretty funny
The Bill Belichick of hockey.
Is it weird that I really respect this Roger Neilson guy now?
‚ÄúCanadian Content‚Äù rules about player nationality in the CFL
video starts at 0:30
So do they have a rule that you can't use a 1,200 pound guy as your goalie?
I laughed so hard at the 2nd rule
He just called Dean Smith an a**hole for the 4 corners offense. Take it back
PLEASE get some rights to footage. This sucks otherwise, sorry guys
This is just stupid, bad gamesmanship is just being unreasonable. Now the rulesbook is much thicker and it didn't have to be that way.
I want to see a video about the 15 meter underwater rule for swimming!
I've never seen that sort of reaction to someone who figures out a way around the rules. They're smart. Don't you like smart people?
Pretty much when you break the game in Yu-Gi-Oh
I love coaches that get their own rules...
Love the content; hate the format
Basketball is my favorite sport I like the way they dribble up and down the court.
I think that the rule that a goalie cannot cross the red line during play other than to skate to his bench is from Gerry Cheevers skating into the Canadiens end once to shoot the puck as a 3rd blue liner. I saw Cheevers do it with my own eyes.
Lester Patrick would remove a skater and place 2 goalies in the crease. Then they made a rule for that.
i hated kids that travelled , go play soccer scrub
Is there actually a rule that prevents a player leaving their stick across the open goal to block a possible shot? Sure it's a bit risky to dump your stick there and get off the ice, but when your team has control of the puck behind your own net and the opposition is going to defense it would make sense.
THis was hilarious, ROGER!!!!
Also the first to use video as a coaching aid. Hence one of his nicknames, ‚ÄúCaptain Video‚Äù
This guy is the NHL's version of the Joker.
Roger was a great coach. He coached Junior hockey for 15 to 20 years in Peterborough and every year the Petes had a good team. He would be known as a defensive coach. His nickname was Captain Video. He used video to examine how teams worked power plays and how they liked to enter the zone. This was in the 1970's. He became a good NHL coach but never had the amazing success he had as a Junior Hockey coach.
Just once please do a parody where you say " so you wana hear it?" And the person you wana tell the story to is just like" ehh im good" and it ends or you go to another story lol
first ever good episode of this series. congrats Ryan
Roger is a legend
One rule I haven't seen discussed here is when the NHL was discussing the 3 on 3 overtime they brought in Neilson to play devil's advocate.  He said that he would just pull the goalie and try to win since he would be getting a point anyways.  So they put in the rule that if a team pulls the goalie in OT and they get scored on, they would forfeit their OT point.
"check out speed walking not a great sport but look at this snippet from wiki

Men's 20-km walk during the¬†2005 World Championships in Athletics¬†in¬†Helsinki, Finland. The walker at the right appears to be illegal in that both feet are off the ground, but according to the current rules, an infraction is only committed when the loss of contact is visible to the¬†human¬†eye"
I am very aware of Rodger  Nielsen.. He was one of the most successful coach's of my Vancouver canucks.  He is also responsible for the sea of " white towels waving" you can still see in the stands today. It began as a protest to what was a rigged referee system which stole our Stanley cup victory against the new york rangers. It was a wave of a white flag in " I surrender" to the refs in that final. Funny enough a couple years later he went to New York as their head coach...and eventually moved to be GM.
Bill Belichick of the NHL
I would love to see one about the fair catch kick.
3:02 this would be a great idea for a movie. "The hero saves the day by being the villain"
Talk about the Emergency Goalie rule in NHL
I found a loophole for the pulled goalie stick rule. Get one or your players to break his stick, and put it in front of the net. He can get another stick and the goal is blocked!
More Seth videos please!
The Sean Avery rule! Can't wave your stick in front of the goalie to provide a screen...Because Brodeur didn't like it & Avery was a well known ass
The old rules were better
The Canucks put a statue of Roger Neilson outside their arena, and the officials have been taking it out on them since.
"Roger Neilson was an innovator, the 3 rules he was part of was a big part of his legacy but it was deeper than that.  He was known as Captain Video because he began the NHL practice of video recording practices and games and having study sessions with the teams. 

Now in the NHL video is such an integral part of the game that they have iPads on the bench where players will come off the ice and grab the tablet to review their play and the linemates will discuss what happened and what to do next time.  

All thanks to Roger Neilson.  There's also another rule they didn't mention that changed thanks to him.  NHL rules at the time stated that if you swapped your goalie for your backup, you got a few warmup shots for the new goalie.  Rather than use his timeout, Neilson would simply swap his goalie, get a few warmup shots and do it again later in the game.  

NHL got rid of the warmup shots but you can still swap your goalie a lot."
Finding loophole in rule book is basically 80% of what Formula 1 is about (And other motorsport as well)
"How about the NBA backboard rule
Break the backboard and it's a technical"
Marchand lick rule?
I don't even watch sports but I like these videos.  Funny stuff people do to win.
"One rule that keeps popping up now and then to eliminate is kicking the puck in for a goal.  I'm sure it goes WAY back but I'll bet someone got hurt because guys were wildly kicking at the puck around the crease when their sticks were tied up.
There's a good reason not to have guys intentionally kicking at the puck when there's the likelihood of bodies on the ice but some lunkhead always says ""why can't you kick it in?""."
"I know in aviation there's the phrase ""The rules are written in blood"". 

In sports it should be ""The rules are written in bullshit""."
In football (soccer) if the ref doesn't tell you to leave the field you are considered still active even if injured. Man Utd's Daley Blind went behind his goal after a knock and in doing so, ensured that every player was on-side. The opposition scored an easy and weird goal as a result.
Do you wanna build a Snowman???? He can save a puck or two!!
Roger is an unofficial white hat hacker for the NHL, so one day he came to a game without a white hat so they made a rule where an unofficial white hat hacker must where a white hat to games to signal to the referees that he is not an unofficial white hat hacker, not an official one, RODGER!
What a great guy
This is the best one of these yet.
"Speaking of weird rules -- the origin story for the Butterfly swimming events is odd.  going by memory alone...

Originally there were only two competitive swimming strokes: breaststroke and backstroke.  Then the U.S. Native Americans introduced the ""American Crawl"".  Note that this stroke is almost universally and incorrectly called ""freestyle"", because American Crawl is the most efficient stroke, and if you can use any stroke you want (which is what freestyle means) then why use anything else?

The new American Crawl was largely dismissed by the ""European Elite"" as a heathen / savage stroke.  Sure it worked, but gentlemen used the elegant breaststroke.  Someone who wanted to win, however, took a look at how the breaststroke was defined in the rule book of the time and realized that the only requirement was that the arms and legs needed to be symmetrical at all times, and realized that getting the arms out of the water for the return stroke dramatically improved efficiency and that a dolphin kick was much more effective than a frog kick.  He won at least some races before the rules defining the breaststroke were updated, but eventually butterfly got its own set of events.

As a side note: as mentioned, ""anything goes"" is the rule for the freestyle events.  A swimmer will only be disqualified if they pull themselves along the line rope or push off the bottom of the pool.  If, however, someone invented a new stroke that was faster than the American Crawl then an odd situation would arise.  It would be perfectly legal to use this stroke in the freestyle events (and this is almost certainly how it would be introduced), but this would lead to the end of the American Crawl as a competitive swimming stroke.  The logical solution would be to create a new set of events called ""American Crawl"" and let the new stroke take over the ""freestyle"" label, but...  Almost certainly the result would be to create a new set of events for the new stroke and then change the rules of the freestyle events to either prohibit the new stroke ( ""Anything goes *except*...) or simply mandate the use of the American Crawl."
Ironically, he was known for being the first coach to use video to analyze players and game situations.
In football no penelty is a penelty unless the ref sees it so
"""NO SNOWMAN!"" 

Sincerely,
~Roger"
This is by far the worst SB Nation show. Weird Rules is terrible, this guy just can't make it enjoyable. (why doesn't he move his arms?)
this video had the 2 guys talking, waaaay too much, i wanted a video about some guy trolling the nhl... not you 2 yacking away...
I believe Neilson also once only put four guys on in an even strength situation so when his team won the face off the fifth guy just got off the bench, took a pass and scored on the breakaway.
That is not cheating or playing dirty.  He was playing by the rules.  Exploiting a loophole is still playing by the rules. He was apparently the only one smart enough to know the rules.
RIP roger
You should talk about the soccer match between Barbados and Grenada in the 1994 Caribbean Cup (it even has its own Wikipedia page). Because of a weird rule regarding ties (if a macht ended in a tie, they would play an time, and if someone scored a goal it would could twice), and because Barbados needed to win by at least two goals, in the end of the match (losing 1-2) they realised that if they scored an own goal it will give them more time to score the golden goal. They scored an own goal, and then Grenada realised that they needed a goal, *any goal*, so they started to attack both goals, with Barbados defending them.
That kid is me
"Wayne Scanlan wrote a Bio on Roger, Roger's World: The Life and Unusual Times of Roger Neilson.
There is a place in Ottawa called Roger Neilson""s House which helps families that have children with a terminal prognosis. 

The book is a good read for any sports fan."
I think that there was an NFL coach (maybe Buddy Ryan) who put extra defensive players on the field (something like 15 of 16 total) at the end of games because he could burn lots of time off the clock with the extra players and the trade-off was only one accepted too-many-men-on-the-field penalty.
Talk about how Mel Blount single handily changed how pass defense is played forever in the NFL because of the rules they had to put in to stop him
Truly a hero for all times!
You know who it was that required basketball implement the shot clock.... dean Smith and UNC. The "4 corners" offense was ridiculous.   Up by 5 with 7 minutes left,  they would busy stand there holding the ball or passing it back and forth.
Did you guys even know that his nickname was Captain Video?
Roger Neilson is a pimp, we've got streets names after him in Peterborough
Bring the guy back to beef history
Could you still do the end of game thing with continuous equipment violations or something else?
A good NFL one would be the Chip Kelly rule from when he had his entire defense tackle every eligible receiver at the line of scrimmage in the closing seconds of a half
This Roger guy sounds like the Walpole of Hockey
George Mikan is the father of structured basketball. He broke the game. Pls get Jon Bois on this
How about a video on all Patrick Roy's shenanigans? Or goalie fights?
way too much babble
One of the better weird rules videos.
12,307th view 735th like 69th comment
Lawful evil
Absolute madman. He also waved a towel at the end of his stick to surrender to the refs lol
"Two more Roger Neilson stories, though not really relating to weird rules:
-In 1978-79 he was fired as head coach by the Toronto Maple Leafs; after outrage across the team and fanbase he was reinstated without missing a game, but the Leafs' cantankerous owner Harold Ballard's original plan was to bring him back as a ""mystery coach"" with a paper bag on his head, that he was supposed to take off to reveal himself at some point in his first game back. Roger refused, came back as normal, but was again fired at the end of the season. 

-In the 1982 playoffs he was coaching the Vancouver Canucks, a job he took over from Harry Neale who was suspended late in the season for attacking a fan in Quebec City, and who were en route to their first of 3 trips to the Stanley Cup Finals. During game 2 of the Campbell (Western) Conference Finals against Chicago, he felt his Canucks were getting the short end of the stick regarding penalties, so he put a white towel on a hockey stick and waved it in mock-surrender. He and three players who copied him were ejected and fined, but at game 3 in Vancouver thousands of fans brought their own towels to wave at the game, and ""Tower Power"" was born. Roger even has a statue outside Rogers Arena depicting him with the skate & towel raised."
I like learning about these rules 'n all, but please change the approach. Even when I know what's happening, it's so frustratingly awkward to hear a scripted intro "conversation". And if it's not scripted, firstly I apologise and secondly: is your father a plank of wood?
Hmm. Sounds like a certain bearded Rocket...
this coach rules
Super interesting video and presented amazingly well! Def watching more of this :D
Ain't no rule that says a dog can't play hockey
There should be a movie made about this guy
Roger Nielson was an absolute legend.  There's a reason why there is a statue of him in front of my Canucks home of Roger's (lol what a coincidence) Arena.
Whole video on roger Nielsen but no mention of waiving the white towel smh
Brent Bielma did something sort of like this, he would kick the ball out of bounds, which would take a few seconds off the clock. So that would just end the half- without the other team ever getting the ball back.
That is so wired because I was just watching tv and Canada pulled this off
Also, Neilson suggested that his goalie should break his stick and leave it in front of the net, when substituting for 6th skater. That was the rule then, and still is for skaters, that they must drop their broken stick. But for goalies, they are allowed to continue playing with a broken one so they would not break their sticks and leave them in front of the net.
You can talk about Taro Tsujimoto or how the Sabres drafted an imaginary player.
This guy should've been a lawyer.
You should really do a video on probably the most important example of breaking (or circumventing) a rule ever: when English schoolboy William Webb Ellis, during a game of football (this was before soccer or gridiron was a thing) in the mid 1800s, he ran with the ball instead of kicking it, creating the sport of Rugby (and, by association, American Football/Gridiron) in the process.
"So far it sounds like many of these rules episodes were found by searching for ‚Äúbiggest ahole in ____‚Äù, picking a candidate, and looking at the fallout. 

Now I'm no tennis fan (and golf has been covered) but given some of the characters and antics, in a straight forward game, I'm sure there's a goldmine there. I vaguely recall a rule about who you can talk to on court that doesn't initially make sense, and there's probably a better rule waiting with a story."
This format is just so wack and not in a good way. Do we have to have a conversation where one friend is educating another? The fly on the wall thing with randomly breaking the fourth wall just doesn't work. Good idea, bad execution
What a legend
Not all heroes wear capes...
Pure lawful evil
I'd like to think at one point he actually just had a fully built snowman play goalie one game so he could have the whole game 6 on 5.
Go Canucks Go!
Love this hockey content guys!
Always wondered if you dressed one of those guys that weigh 1000 lbs as a goalie and sort of form fitted him into the net. He wouldn't have to move, you could even just leave him there between periods.
my coach
Truly a legend of hockey history. He was also the first to analyze game footage and is credited with introducing the rally towel to the NHL when waved a white towel on a stick to mock surrender because felt the refs were being biased.
Not a weird rule but it should also be noted that Neilson also inadvertently brought the rally towel to the NHL.
I'm gonna go get the papers get the papers
"You should do Pop Warner and the Carlisle Indian Industrial School. Half the classic rules in football were written to stop the Native American team and their clever coach from beating rich white kids at football.

Stuff You Missed in History Class did a great podcast episode on that."
You could talk about the Mankad in cricket, in a game full of weird rules, that one's one of the weirder ones..
NFL weird rule idea: On 11/27/2016, with the Ravens leading by 7 and facing a deep 4th down in the dying seconds against Cincinnati, John Harbaugh told all of his players to hold one of the Bengals defenders. P Sam Koch waited for the time to run out and backed out of the end zone for a safety. Because a game COULD end on an offensive penalty, the game ended and the Ravens won. I believe the rules have been changed since.
Ain't no rule says a dog can't play basketball!
"According to Bob Miller's Autobiography about his time on the Kings, that rule about the goalie stick across the empty net was actually the idea of Roger's wife. 
So a wife of a coach is credited with a rule in the rule book."
67 days since the last Chart Party üò°üò°
neat.
Another idea for a hockey-based video: You could talk about the Brodeur rule, implemented first in the NHL and AHL solely because the greatest goalie of all time was too good at handling the puck.
This has gotta be my favourite video yet!
One of the better episodes of weird rules
Third
First
Senconf
"GOPRO HOCKEY IS BACK! (sorta) 

Hoping to join some more tournaments so I can continue to make gopro ice hockey videos for you guys <3"
2:33 check out that guy on the benches numberüòè
Nasher did you play any college hockey
i'm form sweden and i'm 13 years old and really enjoy your hockey videos! keep going man! <3
Soo, who're the pros?
JC is a great player. Seen him play a couple time when he played against my Orlando Solar Bears
better be careful with that GoPro at the Chillers. They definitely dont like when players use those. Even if its within the helmet. You think those refs would have noticed...
"Check my video out

https://youtu.be/f1Ll1eqJn-4"
Nasher do u have a coach in the bench
Played you in this tourney. Hawks from mighty ducks
I am a baseball player looking to get into hockey, its so damn expensive, but it makes me happy.
you fucking suck bro . always try to show off ...u aint shit.... puck hog
Are you allowed to hit in your league like a real hit
Anyone else think the guy in the thumbnail looks like Casey neistat?
Hey nasher i live somewhere where there is almost no snow and I'm just trying to play hockey do you have any tips to help me
Love how garbage us Hockey is
Is that rink chiller north?
I subbed because it's good hockey
Learn to pass the puck!!!
çüèªçüèªçüèªçüèªçüèªçüèªçüèªçüèªçüèªçüèªçüèªçüèªçüèªçüèªçüèªçüèªçüèªçüèªçüèªçüèªçüèªçüèªçüèªçüèªçüèªçüèªçüèªçüèªçüèªçüèªçüèªçüèªçüèªçüèªçüèªçüèªçüèªçüèªçüèªçüèªçüèªçüèªçüèªçüèªçüèªçüèªçüèªçüèªçüèªçüèªçüèªçüèªçüèªçüèªçüèªçüèªçüèªçüèªçüèªçüèªçüèªçüèªçüèªçüèªçüèªçüèªçüèªçüèªçüèªçüèªçüèªçüèªçüèªçüèªçüèªçüèªçüèª
This guy isn't a pro...echl is d league for the NHL. Most guys that go to the ECHL never see the Nhl
"Hey guys, I'm running a huge NHL Survivor Pool and new participants are allowed. 
It's fun and simple, a hockey pool for everyone! Link below to join:

http://www.runyourpool.com/join/pool_info.cfm‚Ä¶"
2:35 the guys #
Nice hands
Yessssss I love these vids!!!!!!!!!üíñ
Woah big beer league huh
Noice
I don't get why some people freak out about the GoPro. Who cares
GO PRO IS BACK Your the best NASHER, Nasher how do I stickhandle Better Like you
after the first goal, they just keep coming
JC is crazy
Can you guys come to my channel and watch my videos. One is about NHL 19. Might do some real hockey videos.
Why don't you go play in the echl or AHL buddy if your so good?
The difference between a good beer league player and a low level pro is honestly insane. I've played with a few buds that got drafted to the show but never cracked a roster and they're so much better than anyone on even the most competitive beer league I've played in. It's shocking to play with that kind of speed on the ice.
Didn't realize you played a little...who did you grow up playing for?
lol number 69 2:29
Played roller against JC, small world.
Way to go man, u should be in the NHL
anyone know what strategies nasher uses in HUT?
Love you videos
Yaaay it's back!!!!
Lmaoo jc
Never knew Casey played hockey
Why does his stick look curved when he's on the bench
Whos mans is number 69
My dad works for the team called the Colorado eagles who are now in the AHL but he was pretty good when they played them
You are pro
I love you
Dude you look so blazed! üòÇ
4:01 you need to be on his left shoulder and force him up the wall, he spun you because you overplayed that
Men's league hero !!
I didn't know there was a rule against GoPros in his new league, I thought that he had just stopped.
U are terrible
Nice vid
Cant wait for roller vids
Hey nash u should go with kvg hes a goalie
Put J.C on your HUT team
Yes GoPro hockey I am so hyped from r the season
I pissed that u cant do gopro any more because of that stupid rule
Do you wear a cage or visor nash?
I'm 15 years old and I get to play hockey all the time with Dainius Zubrus and Darius Kasparitis. They're insane
You had a hat trick! Nice!
#69 is a unit
Can I get a LETS GOOO
Used to watch Campagna in my hometown, Fredericton. He played University hockey on the island here in Canada, and when they came in town to play UNB, my hometown University team, he was always a standout, one of the best on that team, and in the league, no question. Fun guy to watch, guy could be so much more than he is.
Go pro hockey!!!!
Nice vid Nasher
WOOOOO
Nasher is a boss
10 bucks nasher won't pin this and if nasher livestreams I will donate 10 bucks
greasy
Yes I love these! So glad to see a new one!
Road to shutout!!!
JC was a coach at Turcotte Hockey School and he was the nicest coach there!
This surely looks like the roller hockey rink
Yay, another great go pro hockey video, can't wait for more of these and more of nhl 19 videos. Thank you. Also good luck to the blue jackets this season!
Yo its yfs whts ur outro song on ur videos
"Y
YO
YO W
YO WH
YO WHA
YO WHAT
YO WHATS
YO WHATS G
YO WHATS GO
YO WHATS GOI
YO WHATS GOIN
YO WHATS GOING
YO WHATS GOING O
YO WHATS GOING ON 
YO WHATS GOING ON G
YO WHATS GOING ON GU
YO WHATS GOING ON GUY
YO WHATS GOING ON GUYS
YO WHATS GOING ON GUYS N
YO WHATS GOING ON GUYS NA
YO WHATS GOING ON GUYS NAS
YO WHATS GOING ON GUYS NASH
YO WHATS GOING ON GUYS NASHE
YO WHATS GOING ON GUYS NASHER H
YO WHATS GOING ON GUYS NASHER HE
YO WHATS GOING ON GUYS NASHER HER
YO WHATS GOING ON GUYS NASHER HERE
YO WHATS GOING ON GUYS NASHER HER
YO WHATS GOING ON GUYS NASHER HE
YO WHATS GOING ON GUYS NASHER H
YO WHATS GOING ON GUYS NASHER 
YO WHATS GOING ON GUYS NASHE
YO WHATS GOING ON GUYS NASH
YO WHATS GOING ON GUYS NAS
YO WHATS GOING ON GUYS NA
YO WHATS GOING ON GUYS N
YO WHATS GOING ON GUYS 
YO WHATS GOING ON GUY
YO WHATS GOING ON GU
YO WHATS GOING ON G
YO WHATS GOING ON 
YO WHATS GOING O
YO WHATS GOING 
YO WHATS GOIN
YO WHATS GOI
YO WHATS GO
YO WHATS G
YO WHATS
YO WHAT
YO WHA
YO WH
YO W
YO
Y"
Is that Casey Neistat?
Serious question what's JC doing playing at this level? Was he friends with someone on the other team? Or was he brought in to help the white team?
JC is back! GO ALLEN! Rock your red!
Your videos are amazing
I know JC Campagna because he played for the Adirondack Thunder, a team I have season tickets for.
YES GOPRO HOCKEY!!!
Wait, so how were you able to use the GoPro??? Is this a different league
Oh yeah that was goooood
nice
We play against a team that has a sick ringer played in the Q... guy is a Class Act he steps it up and ties the game up for his team and that's it. He lets everyone else go at it after that but if they fall behind he creeps them back up again. Really nice guy
Eu sou brasileiro
For people who don't know what a ringer is, its someone who is playing wayyyy below there skill level. Mostly in beer league
I am so happy that you are able to do this again
Casey Neistat in the thumbnail?
Yay! Go pro hockey
Let's go more hockey go pro
And I'm subscribed and I hit the bell
Yes... finally go pro hockey
When's NHL 19 Shootout Challenge #2?
Hi
U teach me so many new hockey moves
First. Let's goooo
Yes...go pro hockey from the Nash!!!!!!!!
You are the best I subbed notifications and liked
Masher please keep up with the great vids çççèüèªãçç
First
First like
Second
Liked and subscribed
1
Just like this
First
Let's go!
