Does the heat pipe have some water in it?
Hi, What temperature do you use the heat-gun at?
I cringed when you scratched the metal
Can I get 1
I watch most of his teardown's because of the satosfying sound of pull tabs but unfortunately there's no pull tabs here so meh ima pass
5:19 OR you could just disable Bixby and never have to damage or remove anything Edit: btw that was the power button you were contemplating murder on, definitely don't damage that.
Nokia has had that variable aperture mechanism on their camera phones since 2001 or so! I was able to hear it click as it switches aperture! and you can definitely see it
plz any b0dy tell me s9 best or s9plus 0
Hi friend
S9 plus durability test
vibrator
5:12 That's not the Bixby button because that's there under the volume buttons (on the other side of the phone) :D
You can put back camera and will work, but don't have any focus
watches video on S9 plus
U just destroyed my dream phone ?????? Thats it i am gonna unsub!
Realme 2 pro test pls
You can toggle off the Bixby
"I'm not suggesting murder, I'm just saying it's possible" - Zack 2018
I will trade you a brand new iPhone 6 for the Galaxy S9 that you tore down
Glad you're doing those vids, I can get good RMA with them lmao
Who is watching this on galaxy s9 or s9plus?
Watching this on Samsung Galaxy S9 lol
5:12 u wrong :v, thats the power button, bixby is on the other side. Are u sure you want to murder it?
Where can i get this double sided tape?
i love how u roast apple in the most gentle way possible
My camera is getting replaced. Will my water resistance change?
This is an amazing, a very informative video. I learned a lot of what's inside my S9 (plus). Didn't know the mechanism behind the variable aperture and the the flash that is now with diffuser, until I watched this video.
Does the camera have a 10 bit sensor like the LG v30?
No lithum polymer same old cheap litium ion battery
Aaa q hijo de puta eres!!!
I'm tread down my s9 is better Samsung is better company than others
it would be nice to reassign the bixby button to turn on the light instead.
Uhm.... you made a very stupid mistake Jerry! The button you called the Bixby button is in fact the power button! ?????? Bixby is on the other side under the volume button??????
1:20 mini go pro
When you reinstall all back , is the phone still ip68? Everything is sealed again?
Crazy apple disses????
Hi Jerry ! Hope this message finds you in good health. I am very much fan of your videos and i always watch your videos before buying anything. I am planning to buy POCO F1, hopefully you will give us a cracking video soon which will help me to take decision Thanks Ziaur Rahman Bangladesh
yeah....i want to desconnect Bixby cable......
Nice video, can the lens be changed...from a 12 mp to a 16 mp?
Man i still got the iphone 2g
Ð?t m? th?ng phá ho?i
Who else is watching with s9
You l see that in iphone on 2020 hahah ????
please do a S9+
My s9 keeps pausing the video
So does the s9 not have that water cooling thing anymore?
I have the purple s9
Sony camera. Not Samsung..
"Apples are 2 years behind so you'll be able to see this in 2020 in an iphone"... ??
Jerry bro it's very nice to see your video. I need a help bro! Today I accidentally inserted the ejector pin in the bottom mic hole and pressed gently to pop up the sim tray.Soon I realised that it is the wrong action.I checked the mic sensitivity and it works fine! But am bit confusion about the water resistance bro!Does this action causes any fall in water resistance? Please respond to this comment bro, heavily tensed ??
hello jerry , pls could you do a durability test on the xiaomi mi 8
Apple removed the headphone jack and said it's for the future. *includes dongle for headphone jacks
Where can I buy the S9 plus battery
Just pop a little piece of kapton tape on the contacts and bye bye bixby, and its completely reversible. ;)
Trash phone tho
Give it to me please to teardown and look I am an electronic enthusiast like you
Kerren.. ??
Thank you for sharing the video. That was educational.
i learned that glass is glass
It's like my heart teardown.
5:13 Dude that is not the bixby botton?????? if you disable it your phone won't wake up
4:19 hahahahahah
Nlw only they put the heat sink ??
WOW that is a lot of work to replace the battery. I hope it maintains a charge for the next 5 years considering how much they charge for a new phone.
95% battery capacity retention after 2 years? That's funny with wired charging and just ludicrous if using wireless charging.
Where does Samsung claim the 5% capacity loss of the battery?
??????????????
"Apple are about 2 years behind so you'll see this in 2020" Don't forget when they do add this feature that they invented it. Not to mention it's a brand new feature that justifies the phone costing 1/3 more than any other on the market.
?????, ????? ?? ??????? ????????!????? ?????????? ??!
5:12 that is the home button!! :o
Lol at 6:43 it said 9 o'clock as this is the s9
Wasn't the "Bixby" button you were talking about the power button? I'm using my s9 right now and the volume was on the other side and the Bixby button is right underneath it. I don't know, I'm probably wrong.
5:24 dont lie to us
I wanted to ask about the purpose of the hole beside the SIM card lock (the one on the top right corner), because I accidentally inserted the pin in it instead of the the SIM card slot.
These are the best apple roasts he's done
Try the lenovo tab 3 10 business. Durability Testm
Officially the best looking clear phone
love my s9+ is just amazing
So you send out old broken phones parts ?
He is roasting apple????..every 2- 3 minutes..i can't stop laughing????
Too many apple potshots
Test your phone
Love your videos and hate modern phones the sam time! Making a non removable battery just to make the phone "water resistant" & not water proof is not a justifiable reason reason for me! They should made if real water proof and add over 7kmah battery if they will make in non removable.
plese give me this phone 8093345873
Now send it to me. For further tear down ??
Its just sad to see how a person saves months of money to buy phone like these they just buy couple of these just to break them.
We're still waiting for the vibration motor video!
Let's just say I dropped my phone outside in the rain for like 20 mins maybe and my phone did not get destroyed hope my water damage thing did not change??????????
No Flash diffuser is a deal breaker for me
Am i the only one that noticed that he actually showed the power button instead of the Bixby button?
Yaampun, buat gw aja
676 Apple fans :D !
baldy
/l l /_ l __l
Jerry wreck everything
I think this is not samsung s9 phone
le li 90000 ke phone ki
Wt duspin is this?
please give away
Watching on my S8+,nothing impressive except the camera and the Cpu
He still loves Nokia more than Samsung ?????
Jery can you please do a warning when you make the scratches sound on your mobiles because i get goosbumps when i hear scratch sounds
Where is the different type of phone vibrators video? I've been waiting for that video for so long now.
???? ??
"Apple's usually two years behind so we will be seeing this on an iPhone at around 2020" Lol
It's not murder its just removing Bixby's larynx.
I've had my Galaxy S7 since it came out, and I've had my Galaxy s4 since it came out. Both of the batteries work amazingly, and I have never had to replace them.
I wish it can switch to any aperture.
Samsung should start using better haptik motors like the one found in Pixel.
Watching this with my s9??????
using that razor blade to pop the camera off made me squint and feel naked not wearing protective eyeware. good video +1
BUNU bana gönderirmisin lütfen
Wait where can I get the clear backing for phones?????
Why the camera failed?
I don't know how my S9+ camera cover glass broke, but can you help to find the best product that would replace the glass cover without effecting the water resistance of cellphone...??!!
HI IM A FAN I HAVE A S9+ AND I DONT HAVE ANY TROUBLE ABOUT THE BIXBY BUTTONAFTER A FEW WEEKS
You look like a monster but you are funny ??
Good excellent
watching it on s9 is painful for me.
dbrand is a scam... it doesn't do anything to protect your device from fall damage and try taking that s*** off after a year... it's a nightmare lol...
Does anybody else cringe when he scratches the phone ??
Apples 2 years behind. XD
Two jabs at Apple in one video means you lost my subscription... it’s not necessary and you are clearly showing your bias.
Damn. Do you have to make a jab at Apple in EVERY video?
I want that phone.. Even without cameraa
The black camo skin in slippery I do not suggest buying it!
Will you give me any teardown phone ?
"bixby's little home" is on the other side, that was the power button :))))
Stupid!!!!
2020
Camo skin for your phone, work too well, you never find it again
Very honest .
when samsung saw this video how you disassembly and assembly back may be he will be tears drop ????
Is this his job or does he do something else and this because he buys pretty much every phone
I've had my s9 not even a month and the speaker is blown and bixby constantly crashes.. and of course my wife didn't get the insurance when she got it...
That fucking SSKSKSKRREAATTCHCHCHCH sound. Eugh.
I've had the S9+ for less than a week and I think my charge port is already broken. Tried multiple charges and multiple outlets, doesn't communicate with the computer. Tried to turn it off then turn it back on but it wouldn't turn back on except a blue light was on when the phone was off. Doing the volume / power button did turn it back on. I upgraded from HTC 10 so I don't have a wireless charger to test on yet. Thankfully I can take it back. Other people are having the same problem, what would cause this? The rubber tab on the otterbox does seem to put a lot of pressure on the cable plug, that's my best guess.
I'm tempted to do this just to disconnect the Bixby button??
$18 for a piece of paper with glue? No thank you xD
"I'm not suggesting murder, butt it's possible"??
The way he scratches things stresses me the fuck out... but then his soothing voice calms me down again... ;x
Give away this phone after test or salr
I watched this video on my s9+ ,my phone cringed the whole video
Gluing in the battery is just evil.
i'm one of the unlucky person who bought an s9 that have the dreaded "dead zone" problem, and samsung said they wont replace it. they can only repair it for free :-(
What about clear glass???
HI SIR IMA 9 YEAR OLD KID AND WHAT IS YOUR DAILY DRIVER MINE IS THE S9+ MIDNIGHT BLACK
And now sell as "slightly used"
Suggesting murder ????
Can someone buy me an s9 plus
Tod diya kutte ????????
Apple is TRIGGERED!!!!
Takle le pass jyada paise hai
Hey Jerry, can you do a Xiaomi Redmi 4X durability test n teardown. (Repairs included)... Much appreciated.
Am confused.. so all of the parts are attached to the screen? Iphone are attached to the back glass. If I remember correctly, in your most durable phone of 2017 or whatever you said that iphone are the least repairable but in my opinion. People most breaks the front glass not the black glass but whatever what am saying is that am confused to how replacing the s9 screen differ from replacing the iphone back glass?
nice
Teardown Galaxy S9+... I see you all videos alltime.
Someone buy me an S9... I'll suck yo dick!
Lets see how long it takes Samsung to copy FaceID
Roasted apple lmao
He makes the teardowns look so easy
i remember the nokia n82 and i think n8 have something like that in the camera.. i hope you explain the different if there is a different
stil waiting for that ''vibration motors'' video Zack
I think it is 1.7 not 1.5
nice video bro...
Every flagship teardown hurts my poor heart.
Jerry You amazing man. So interesting to these phones getting tear down. I can go and on watching them.
Why does The s9 only have 3000mAh but The s7 edge 3600?
Who is watching this in an s9 or s9+ device ?
what are magnets
Wow, I am amazed! I’m subscribing to this channel
Dude variable apature was in my Nokia n8 back 2011??????
Wow is that a Nintendo Switch colored dbrand skin at the end? Damn that's sexy.
Beast!
Can you change s8 camera to s9 camera
Could you please send me one of your s8 or s9 for me for exploring the internals I don't have enough money to buy one I am a electronic enthusiastic person if you send me it will be a great gift for me
Amazing!!!
Awesome.
I love that lego engineering, smartphones are so impressive to look at.
Can you teel me please the double sided tape where can i find or if you you have a link to share... Please. And how many mm must be the tape? Thanks....??
Can you do teardown for xiaomi blackshark.. I was kind wondering what was behind the back cover..pleasee??
Watching it on my s8 plus...!!
when ull do of nokia 8 sirroco
still cant get enough of the teardown with the variable aperture on the lens :"(
Thumbs up for Samsung
I'd like to see Samsung be as dedicated to Android updates as Google is with the Pixel phones. Technically it's Google's fault for handing copies of the keys to too many phone makers and not regulating them.
great video, king of random brought me here thanks Nate
fuck. technology is amazing.
I wanna see you do a tear down of a robot.
Tear down king.. awesome:)...loved it... still hurts to see the beautiful phone being ripped...
Some one pls tell me how can i know that the phone is repaired or not planning to buy somewhere cheap.
"Apple's is usually 2 years behind you prolly see this on 2020" ??????
Enough!!!! Stop with the D-Brand shit. D-Brand SUCKS!!
Just wondering, does anyone know the manufacturer or part no's for the little lego connectors he he mentions? They look incredible!
best youtubers ever, thanks
Best Teardown video till now....AWESOME
I am like what the hell man I saw you tear down a iPhone x with tears( only for the phone) and now this one... So you got so much money huh.... Donate to someone who deserve but they didn't get.... Spend it on someone's education dude
the selfie camera looks like a mini go pro!
now your phone blind
Bro you mollested the poor s9
This was hard to watch!!!
Whats that lense next to the front facing camera?
APPLE IS 3 YEARS AHEAD OF THE COMPETITION!! STOP PROVIDING WRONG INFORMATION DUMB????
Hi sir you are a genius in dismantling the phone????
@jerryRigEverything Dear Jerry!! Since i am no mechanic, just like your tearing down and ripping cells phones. "Bro" Your voice is very soothing i fall asleep while listening to you last night. why don't you starts singing lullaby not kidding LOL just kidding :D
Put the camera back in place without lenses and you will see magic already did it with S7esge and S8.
But a diffuser makes the light less powerful
Hey Jerry can you do a tear down video of the Samsung Galaxy J7 Neo please
The microSD slot can actually take 2tb.. All microSD slots on high end phones take this much since the LG G3.. But still no 2tb card though??
?????????????????? ????
funny how u base all the tech around iphone comparison, can u imagine apple doing that? oh apple has no need as samsung is just another android with half an iphone processor
the phone is a8
DUDE wear a Gloves. It will look professional
is 95% battery retention after 2 years also for Note 8 or just s9/+ ?
Your a dick, always bagging on Apple!!
You are a doctor for these phones man ! ... nice surgery doc !
Samsung also claimed that Note´s battery won´t explode you know?
Your head looks like a white chocolate cadburys creme egg
Please give me a s9
Can you put ASUS Zenfone Max Pro M1 and Redmi note 5 pro under test.
Samsung por fuera y por dentro es feo !!! Su tarjeta más fea
MURDER BIXBY!
make video on xiomi blackshark teardown video
Can we please agree to not say those cable unclip like little Lego? Lego is inseparable lol
"Vibrator explanation video"....yes please
I have a serious question. If you replaced the camera in a phone with a higher quality one (say replace an 8mp camera with a 12mp) would the phone take higher quality photos, or would they still be the same default quality?
Hi there! I wated to take the sim card out and accidentally placed the needle in the upper microphone, not the one near the mouth. I didn't press it too hard. Is there any chanses to brake somethin there? The phone is a samsung galaxy s9+. Thanks!
Really, nobody going to mention "vibrator explanation video"?
...If it had the same selfie cam as last year (and I saw that video), then why didn't Samsung go and enable the OIS? Strange... That means to date, the HTC 10 (which I have and will probably keep until it finally dies) is still the only phone in existence with this particular feature, which is very helpful with selfie videos...Not even its successor, the U11 has it... Getting back to the Samsung, maybe selfie OIS will be something that will appear on the upcoming Note 9, or next year's "10" iterations of the S or N-Series devices... Even HTC is considering bringing that feature back for the U12... Here's hoping, anyway...
No wonder Samsung used such a small battery. They have the mother board spread out all over the place. I saw that Huawei concentrated most of them it the upper part of the phone so they can use a much bigger battery like the Mate 10 Pro.
Apple ist usually 2 years behind????????... Nice video????
Jerry rig ....your voice is mind blowing really superb
Jerry you worth it ????
Do the s9 plus +
Pls give me s9 plus plz
Hey jerry do you know which adhesive tape is best for water resistant or know the name of the special adhesive tape
I hate Bixby and I hate that you can't deactivate it or that you can decide which app to put on there
It is difficult to repair. The same is mate 10 pro. It is a real problem if the display is proken. Nevertheless I love Samsung
Would you make a video about Samsung A8 2018. I would like to buy one but Im not quite sure.
Do huawei p20 durability test please!
What about NOKIA 2018 New Flagships..
Hello @JerryRigEverything Great video ! I was wondering if it would be possible to use the camera outside of the phone with a long cord of sorts. What cord type would be needed to connect the camera to the motherboard if so? I have a severe physical disability but love doing photography. I did some decent work on an S3, but my body keeps getting weaker and phones keep getting heavier. I'm trying to think up small lightweight alternatives, and an S9+ cam on a stick seems like the best option on the market that I can find if it'd work still. Thanks!
Yeah, 2 years from now, we'll see Apple claim variable aperture is innovation by them.
Apple 2020: Now We are removing The Screen! Because that shit is so old school!!!!
waiiting xperia xz2
S8 or S9?
Did you check the front camera to see if it is using OIS ?
How much bigger is the S9 earpiece speaker than the S8?
Eh man why you had to scratch the surface. Gave me goosebumps.
Apple be like. O YES I LIKE THIS GUY, GIVE ME THE TECHNOLOGY.
Lets fire some really hot heat waves at the battery What a great idea
Cool camera
This man murder phones instead of giving it to me. ??..i will raise this issue in united nation phones rights commision.
I want that camouflage cover give the link
Very informative
Where can I bay display for S9?
try p20 lite
You Should definitely do a Moto X4 teardown/tests. Would love to see it.
Instead of tear down , you can also gift it to me ????
Apple will implement variable apertures in 2020??
Is that Galaxy S9 plus for your usage?? I mean why didn't you teardown that??
"Probably because it just doesn't exist anymore" ????
I dropped my s9 from about 3 feet, it had the sylicon case that came with it... could the fall have made any damage to the internals, or the camera?
Thank you @JerryRigEverything for the teardown! Always doing great work. Just a thought, is it possible you were looking at the power instead of the bixby button? Looks like bixby and volume keys are all in one flex cable. Sorry if I am wrong.
You deserve more subscribers so I cloned the button so that’s why you have 1mil subscribers TrUe StOrY........ maybe
I like your videos. Mr Jerry nicely done
Can u make a video about xperia xz2 pls?
Xperia xz2 bend test please i bought it feels realy solid heavy!
JerryRigEverything - What's directly perpendicular to the microphone holes? Looks like the waterproofing and mic are parallel to the holes... Curious because I accidentally stuck the sim tool down the top mic hole (great design, Samsung), it went straight thru til it hit what feels like the chassis.
In another words when phone start to give you problems get rid of it because every year gets harder and harder to fix them yourself..........
I can't wait until someone releases a phone with a fully variable aperture, from f/1.5 to say f/16 with every half or quarter stop in between. Ooh... maybe a physical shutter too! Once one phone has both of those, they will all follow that trend.
"my little buddy jack" haha. That jack is my buddy too. I'm surprised how small it is inside of the phone..... "cough"
Any link for that "double sided tape?"
Please honor 9 lite k as karo sir
Get a pop filter.
??? ????? ????? ????? ????
good
“I’m not suggesting murder here, I’m just saying it can be done”
please water resistance tast review Huawel colour brand a2
I like these videos. There's loads of new phones out that need scratching, burning and bending. But. The Bixby button shown in this video is actually the power button. Ask Alex R, apparently he ripped his out according to this video. Hahahahahaha.
Did u just break ur new s9 and dont feel like using the free samsung warenty then pay alot to break a phone
You are very skilled....great upload...Thank You
Samsung is whooping apple's ass in the technology department, and the mobility department
Exactly... apple is a behind
"I'm not suggesting murder" made my day ??
I love all the sarcasm thrown at Apple! LMAO!!! ??????
Do an iPad teardown
plz plz review xiaomi note 5 pro the budget phone
P20 pro durability test and bend test
Why didnt you put camera
please do a durability and drop test on nokia 6(2018)
Where is Samsung Galaxy S9Plus
Jerry we like to see new arrival of Sony XZ2..
could you do the HTC Desire 10 Pro?
take down sony xz2
Please do a video on Nokia 8 Sirocco.. Thanks
Hi Jerry, thanks for posting what equipment you use. What do you use for your "photography studio" backdrop for a plain white background? Also, what LED light are you using?
wallpaper?
so i heard that u r HOW TO BASIC ??
Is there any solution to cover the scratch on screen?
Please make video on nokia 6(2018),nokia 7also
Please test the huawei p20 and p20 pro....
General Mobile 8 Could you test it?
Huawei P20 please! :D
Hello jerry rig. Can u review the ASUS ZenFone 5z? Tnx
Compare it to N86 then.....
I offer myself to take good care of this phone which has been through so much. He needs a home where it doesn't need to fear for humans doning bad things to it. ??
Sony Xperia xz2.please make a video about it
hey make a durability test on ipad pro
Hey apple ipad test
If I sent you cellhelmet liquid glass screen protector would you review it?
Sony xperia xz2 !!! Bitch
2 million
Nokia 7+ plzz
You are a phone killer :(
Richie bitch??
Hey do you know how to repair the no sound bug in Google pixel?
Hey jerry, the front glass panel its almost gorrila glass,and all of them will scratch at level 6,deeper grove at 7,the gorrila glass is to protect from impacts,the gorila glass 5 can survive a drop from 1.6 meter,it will not have bigger protection agaist scratches,I hope I help you with that.Good channel btw
tearing phone is more interesting than review!!??
Will you please do a durability test on the XIAOMI Mi A1 and do a teardown on it?
Bro Redmi note 5 pro Can u test and put vedio for us bro
You schuld use ESD-protechion wehn you work with Smatphones like this...
ever tried to replace cameras from one phone to the other?
You should test the Oppo a73.
Review Nokia 8 sirocco?
Ur like doctor
JRE IS HOW TO BASIC WKWKWK
Ha Ha, you don't have to be nice to apple, they don't deserve it! ;-)
before ripping apart the Bixby button just so you know guys dat button is still necessary for things like entering recovery or Download Mode
Sir can you please send me a apple watch plZ sir
Jerry,i want you made honor 9 lite Clear Edition
Now if only Samsung would push timely OS upgrades, and for more than two years.
How about durability testing the Xperia XZ2? ~rubbing chin emoji~
Xperia xz2 !!!!!!!
If only this channel was available when I was a kid....
does anybody know what type of double sided tape that is? can anybody send me a link?
Please make a video with Huawei p20 lite!
Do a durability test on Xiaomi MiA1
samsung j5pro durability test pleaseeeee
Please make a video on Samsung galaxy A8 plus
What makes s9 and s9+ waterproof?
Innovative SamSung !
Drat, took mine in the Ocean already ??
Test sony xperia xz2!!!!
Love Samsung on how they add new features without having excuses to get rid of older tech like a 3.5mm jack and microSD expansions. Heavily considering a S9 to replace my aging S5 now...
This guy hates Apple
Thanks for shoving us how to murder bixby.
Hello buddy @jerryrigeverything I wanted a help that u should do a video regarding the scratch test and durability of tempered glass for flagship androids...would love. To see a future video ????
Could we just have an informative video without trashing another company, as both Samsung and Apple have their pros and cons? I mean I love my videos non biased, it’s just a tad annoying to hear iPhone this all the time. Yeah we know and yeah we get it, Apple sucks according to you...
You should go to Samsung and say "id like to upgrade my s9 to s9+ because my s9 doesnt come with a camera."
o.o !! Inside the rear camera of S9
I want this guy to yell once and a while. He’s secretly the chocolate guy from spongebob
Do you have a link for the back glass panels yet?
Still isn’t as good as iPhone X camera tho
You've earned a subscribe from me. Stellar work!
There are some Graphene Batteries coming from Samsung.Can you Tell us about that?
Please do a teardown vedio of the Nokia lumia 1020
Hey, when it's released, can u test the mi mix 2s?
I'm in love with his fingers ??
Not suggesting murder ????
Apple in 2020 ????
Can you do the Zenfone maxplus m1?
Can you please put the tipe of adhesive tape you use to put ur phones back together
Hiii jerry i am realy intrusted when the samsung lonch his new flagship S9 with new feature in camera (variable apertures) i am realy wating for your vedio to reveal the technology behind the new camera thanks.....and thanks...again.
I was waiting to know how that variable aperture works. Thanks a lot.
I hate how this idiot knows nothing about Apple and juts mindlessly bashes them non stop for the dumbest reasons. 2 years behind? Apple was first to add 4K video recording at 60fps and dual OIS and still have better video stabilizing and color accuracy. Such a stupid angry Apple hater for no reason and who doesn’t know what he’s saying
Sir Jerry can you text VIVO APEX WORLDS 1$t perfect vessels phone of 2018................
bro Test Moto G5S plus Durability
“One careful owner....”??
Do a durability test of Lenovo k8 plz, it's a real solid device
The line on the corner of your table made me think my screen was cracked for a second
Huge Respect for Jerry.
I love to see a video about vibration motor in phones. ??
Loving your passive aggressiveness towards Apple.
R U RICH?!?!?!?!?!?!?! HOW CAN U AFFORD ALL THESE PHONES AND JUST PUT THEM TO TORTURE?!? U KNOW HOW MUCH MONEY UR SPENDING!!!
You r blocking all mobiles and here i don't even have my own phone so i request you to give one phone plz plz plz plz
So dumb question, I accidentally put in the sim ejector tool in the microphone on the bottom near the charging port. I tested it out and it still works but did that compromise the water proofing on my phone? From your video, it doesnt look like poking the sim ejector will do anything to the bottom mic but I could be wrong
Dear jerry please help me fix my iPhone 7 my power adapter exploded and now my phone doesn’t charge
whats with the constant apple sarcasm? we get it baldie, you dont like apple, but no need to wave it in our face every goddamn time
Wow
Thanks for showing this. I've asked in several forums about how the aperture mechanism must work but no one had a clue until now! Cheers :)
Can you install 6GB RAM on Galaxy S9???
If the flash is the size of an LED, it doesn't really matter for how your photo wil look, since it's the size of the lght source, and not the diffusion that makes light soft on a photo. Sure it will give you a tiny difference, but not something so big that I'd say it'd be worth to market toe phone for.
You need bring it back to Samsung warranty centre ??
JerryRoastsEverythingAboutApple
I’m just here to hear “like a little LEGO”.
lol the sarcasm towards apple is hilarious
Your videos can be entertaining but the random jabs at Apple are completely unnecessary and just get annoying.
What cloth are you using to clean your screens?
Just why did you scratch that inner metal after prying out the battery?!
Amazing engineering!
Hahahaha @JerryrigEverything i love the little apple remarks your starting to throw in your Teardowns they are quite enjoyable keep up the good work mate !!
Dbrand is all hype, once anyone owns it they know it’s trash as hell. Removed mine within one month
Pls do huawei p9 lite mini (huawei y6 pro) durability test i wanna buy that phone if it is good so pliss do it ???????
Do an alcatel one touch pop c9 test
Can you durability test the A8 (2018)
Sir can you make the video for samsung galaxy j7 max
Apple gay boys will say they will perfect it in two years
iPhone is usually 2 years behind..?????? nice one zack
OMG man, such an amazing video! I'm really a big fan of your work! Thank you so much for bringing us such quality and exclusive content! "Thumbs up for that, and I'll see you... around!"
Loooool fk apple
DID YOU SAY APERTURE? "APEETURE"??????????? I LOVE PORTAL 2 AAHH. unless you mean another aperture rip
Is it possible to put google pixl camera in the s9?
Apple will do this in 2020... lol good one
Plz make teardown video of Redmi note 5 pro
Your videos are good and informative also. I like to watch ur videos quite a bit. It seems you are very much annoyed with apple ? Am i right?
nice video buddy but i didnt saw infrared blocking filter where is it ?
love to see a tear down of the nokia n9
I would like to see you build a custom phone made of the best parts of the phones you've teared apart!
Haha! That "You'll see this in an iPhone in around 2020" ??
Am not suggesting murder... Hahaha, said a phone murder... ????
Best tear down video ever.
"Like a little lego"
Pls do a xz2 durability test
Camera tear down...it's more cool than a phone tear down.
You never spoke about BP measuring in S9, or is it only for s9+?
Awesome video
thanks zack
Hurts to watch
SD slot isn't even worth mentioning, it's shit it slows your phone down.
I really appreciated the "being fair" part. It was way overdue. ????
Hahaha, You hate/don't like Apple more than I do. And, Indeed you're best YouTuber/ Person :)
"Apple is usually about 2 years behind, so you'll see this in an iPhone around 2020" Zack, I watch your videos just for the Apple comments. ??
i watch jerry just for the apple roasting jokes LOL
iphone last About 5 Years -Samsung Galaksy S/N-Last ???? who nous ??
Jerry. Can you do a durability test on the first Samsung galaxy s???
Thumbs up dude, I really appreciate the close up in the aperture and how it works ;)
Honor 7x please!
Vivax Pointu X1
Samsung please put pull taps in your phone
Apple is usually 2yrs behind . hahahahahhah BURN APPLE
"Apple is usually about 2 years behind, so you'll see this in an iPhone around 2020" ahahahhahahahha
Haha nice apple roast
Jerry, u forget to say "kids,don't try to remove camera, i m professional" Now kids will do this to their smartphone and hence u will be blamed by their parents
Can you do the Lg stylus 2 even if it is old
Nokia 8 sirricco
Sony xperia xz2
Hi good video Please test Xiaomi redmi 5
Can you test Redmi Note 5 pro plz
Still waiting on the video on vibrators
is it possible to put a iPhone charging port in a android, and vice versa. and put a headphone jack in a iPhone X
Jerry Motorola DynaTAC 8000X.
Apple will copy Samsung in 2020 nice one Zack
diagnosis natural these pile lead never like and/or approve fresh random operating
?????? ?????? ??????
Hey Jerry, if YouTube didn’t pay you hundreds of thousands of dollars, would you still do these videos?
good work
Do a "tear-down" for a calculator for April 1st
You should test the Alcatel a30 fierce
Dont know about that 95% tho, switched my battery a week ago after 10 months or so of use because it was way worse
But...will it be your daily driver?
Do a Tmobil REVVL
Hey @JerryRigEverything Would it be possible to maybe take he camera from the 8 and put in 9. And the other way around, i know you can download the cam app for s9 online. It would be pretty cool if you could mod it like that XD
You should grow beard. You will look like Cratos from The God of War-4 Tall, muscular, rough you are a perfect real life character for that
Can you make a teardown of a Xiaomi Mi A1?
What is Emergency mode?
S9 HUINYA!!!
Bixby ???
the inside isnt very innovative like the iphone x
Dope looking but bank breaking skin. Seriously, Dbrand are too expensive
Still plastic SIM tray... no, thanks.
Instead of ripping off the contacts from the Bixby button, you could just put kapton tape over them.
I love the smell of Roasted Apple in the morning.
Webtekno
nice video
dband: hey zack, i want to sponsor your video. zack: but i prefer clear back of my phone dband: just choose one, you got 2 phone zack: okay, i choose the expensive one for skin, because i want to tear the camera off of my phone for clear back one. dband: deal
so finally somethin sensible is available o youtube...
Zack at it again with the apple roasts!
$900 is my 7 month salary... I will die before buy this phone
RIP S9
thumbs up????????
355
Honestly the quality of those PCB’s look barely better than what’s in a $2 calculator. Apple does the inside of their products so much better and also Apple is 2years ahead when it comes to facial scanning. Not two years behind. Jerry you are being to harsh on Apple just because they got rid of the headphone jack. That’s unfair and it would be nice if you equally shared shame across more phones instead of targeting Apple exclusively just because your not a fan. As a reviewer you are not suppose to express your bias so boldly. You can mention it but stop rubbing it in. It makes it hard to enjoy your videos
Apple doesn’t fall 2 years behind every year. They do come out with things after other companies but only if it’s worth it. Most tests show that the variable aperture is barely noticeable.
Oldsongshindi o
i wish you can give that phone to me
I think Zac you are talking about the power button, not the Bixby one
and the point is?
use this phone in the future for slomo, you now use 240fps. the s9 has 960fps
Always taking a dig at Apple.
Nice video
To much hate on Apple. Might as well get rid of this channel.
Can you tell me where is the parts in the phone that make phone vibrate??
I don't get why did u say that IP68 is not the same as waterproof if IP68 is dust/WATERPROOF over 1.5 meters and 30 minutes... is it just because of this 1.5m and 30 min?
Lol Apple introduced the telephoto lens way before Samsung.
It'd have been cool if you'd detached the bixby connector and made a non bixby triggering bixby button.. ??
Great video and thank you very much for showing us those amazing new technology??
u are a certified jerk.. sorry just couldn't help.
Thumbs up for sony not for Samsung because its use a sony camera
The video name is wrong -How To Remove The Bixby Button From Galaxy S9 2018
Please make a video on Sony experia xa 1
I want to see a phone with the camera UNDERNEATH the backpanel!
Why you gotta hate on apple any chance you get? Annoying af. I have an android but common iPhones are good
"Apple is about 2years behind so u will see this in 2020"
Who hurt you, man?
This is the first time i’ve heard him complimenting Apple.
Gary please do a video on how you can remove U.V filters on some old smartphones to make a night vision camera??
Why not leave one camera with a bigger aperture than the other instead of putting a mechanism that opens and closes?
Apple Inc will have variable aperture camera in 2020 ????love for anti apple fanboy ??
(y)
where do you put your phone after surgering it?
'Apple is usually two years behind, so you will see it in apple around 2020', It was sarcastic indeed ??????
rip s9
Loved the idea to disable Bixby!! :D
The back camera's aperture blades aside, the inner parts of this phone are better put together than those of any phone I have seen in your teardowns.
I'm kind of done watching your videos. This is a Samsung video and you still manage to find ways to shit on Apple.
Shifdelenetden gelenler
Yes ! Kill Bixby, Zack Bixby is nothing and you are brilliant
U R the best
hahah 2 years behind apple..
Was waiting on this one Jerry good teardown as always.
Such a "NORMAL" voice
Variable aperture isn't actually a new thing in a phone. Nokia N86 from 2009 already has it ;)
Webtekno'dan gelenler
Dude! Love your videos. Could you do a durability and tear down of the Oppo latest flagship? Kind regards, Sian.
Watching this video really makes my tears down????
Owo very nice thanks
jerry you rig camera
gj jerry you are one of the best
Hi Jerry, I have a request. Can you do a test on "AGM X2" phone? It's the most toughest phone in late 2017 and I'm thinking of buying it due to the durability and other pros. Thanks in advance if you read my comment.
OIS can hardly help with video smoothness, it's way too tiny to compensate for any type of hand shaking, let alone when walking. But it's incredibly helpful in low light. Also I must say I'm amazed by marketing. Camera modules are so cheap, that you can install the S9 module into their cheapest model, and buyers won't really feel the difference in price, while having top notch camera. But then a lot less people would by S9 if they can get same camera experience in cheap phones, and so cheap phones get shittier cameras just because of that .
The best YouTuber ever. ??
Drop TEST!
I'm not suggesting a murder??????
as always quality stuff
This tred down is a8
“I’m not suggesting murder, I just say it’s possible” - Hitman 2018
If apple is 2 years behind then what the hell is face id. The glass back, fingerprint sensor and the s9 whole camera is UI is a rip off of apples except its up.
stupid guy doing stupid everthing . wtf. what a waste of a premium phone
Call burning increasingly typical reluctant reputation resolve chemical
Good teardown... To bad the variable aperture is a gimick, low light shots aint better than the S8, some are even better on the S8
variable aperture already was done on nokia phones years ago
Did you guys notice that Zack was showing the power button and not the Bixby button? ??
can you tell why screen flicker
Its a shame you drive a big ass Toyota truck and still manage to make those whimpy little apple jibes. Aww kid.
Your selective points you make comparing Apple to Samsung are unintelligent. Everybody knows Galaxy's do not last as long and as well compared to iPhones.
The internals look cheap. I’m concerned.
Do OPPO R11S PLUS
Apple is two years behind..LOL..good one they are!!
Dude your mocking apple jokes are getting boring.
Srsly mate ? We’ll see it in iPhones in 2020 ? The iPhone doesnt need one, it’s useless and it’s bullshit. I’m a photographer, that aperture that’s in FRONT of the lens is useless and has minimal efect of the photos it takes. Take a look at supersaf’s test between the s9 and the X. It’s obvious the s9 camera is a joke.
The Rubber Balls have escaped xD
Try making a transparent Nokia 3310
Good video sir
You sick man
damn that phone is ripped
literally hurts ??
I enjoy your commentary and the cheap shots. I tend to stray away from Samsung since the galaxy 3 or so. The bloatware is what did it and I feel Samsung has become the apple of android.
7:8 thats why i subscribed him.
You'll see this in an iphone in 2020 lmao. But it will be revolutionary when they do it!
There Are Several Type Of Vibrators...??????BTW You Are The King Of Technology...
Hey Jerry, try durability test for bigger devices like iPads, MacBook and Mac Computers. I is more interesting. I have tried it.
S9??
As always, great video. But can you please make a video to explain why all the shade thrown Apple’s way? Sometimes it’s ok, but others it’s just off putting.
Were you fired from apple at some time?
The video I was waiting for
A 7 minute apple diss
Oh that sweet sweet Apple shade xD
Hi, can you show us an example in the next video of how you keep all your screws etc organised? :)
could you review some liquid glass screen protectors PLEASEEEEE :)
Carai borracha
Like
great review !!! bravo
Zack do durability test on Xiaomi Mi Note 3 i wander if he will hold since of that big glass back. Maybe will be new Mi 5 chocolate bar.
Damn, Jerry be cookin' on Apple!
That monotonous apple dissing is just pure gold man
Note 8 don't have cooling sistem?
Do blackberry leap
Jerry you should Do a giveaway on the Samasung Galaxy S9
When you will do a test for s9 plus???And a teardown
I just got my s8+ today im really loving it
R.I.P galaxy s9??
Test Xperia XZ2
"we'll see the same technology on apple in 2020" hhahahahaha
Xz2 durability test pls
The subtle humour in your videos is the best.
Huawei mate 10 pro
do you get sponsored or are you just rich?
Love your comments on Apple...
Rip Stephen Hawking...
Well, maybe you should teardown something other than smartphone, i.e PS4 Pro would be nice.
Was this recorded before you made the back clear
nice video
2020
Awesome Video Zack
Watching this on my s9plus ??
When is S9 + Test and Teardown coming...??? Waiting for it Eagerly...
??????
' I'm not suggesting murder, I'm just saying it's possible'
Am I poor? I cracked my old Note5 back and I cried.
Now these are one of the few videos for which i come to YouTube. Keep it up man!! Inspired by you i repaired my old Nokia feature phones last month. But as you know, they weren't seriously damaged. They were just tired of being omnipotent for so long ??
Like a little lego
Xz2 vs s9+ speed test
2020 ??
Love that he always refers to Apple being behind lol
Can you do a face reveal at 2 million subs?
the new S9's camera module should fit on the S8, so the S8 user can possible to use variable aperture??
What amazing detail, thanks !
"iPhone's usually two years behind, so you'll see this in an iPhone in 2020" Savageness level: 9999 :D
I mostly watch your videos just for your comments. Love you man ?????
Have you heard about DBRAND?
You are the best buddy
I'll keep saying this, that this is the best teardown channel ever!!
You r really hard working Dedication level too high ??
????®®?? ????? ?????®?????????? ???????? ???????? ???? ??????????????
??????????
Please add subtitle for Indonesia thanks you i subscribe you i'm from Indonesia????
Everything looks good with the S9,but is that simcard tray still made of plastic? It's not a big deal but when cheaper phones are using metal sim card tray I thought maybe a much more expensive phone should be too.
us kid administration towards involve chemical ranch gravity point divide.
A great phone for me is the phone with no limitation. I can connect into pc and my phone show just like flash drive device, i can charge it with almost any charging adaptor, i can use any headphone types and I don't scared to showing up my phone on any place/street. That's is a great phone for me.
Please stop scratching metal part with knife, the sound its very very disturbing
Please stop scratching metal part with knife, the sound its very very disturbing
Ur best
Hey Jerry amazing video man totally something I would not do myself but could you do the s9+ too if you want of course lol. I am getting mine on Friday during the release and just wanna know how it looks inside also. Keep up the good work man I love watching these tear down vids. :D
Give me one!!! Jk I wish!!!!
Love the vids, buuut i believe the part referring to Bixby was actually the power key. Keep up w/the great content!
Glass is glass and luckily replacement panels are pretty cheap if you accidentally break one :P
Noikia,N82(2007) ,N8,N808,1020 has a ND filter that closes the camera lens and opens when more light is required. Which was an awesome feature. Its good to see some companies are doing real hardware or optical innovations in the camera!!
Samsung late with the diffuser ?? i noticed my LG G2 has it.
you are saying this different aperture is new in Samsung while Sony did it first and also saying it will take 2 years for Apple to do it. one thing about this is Apple camera still produce the better image than s9+.
Is it just me or anyone noticed the button he said Bixby button is actually the power button???????
You can remove Bixby button pads....... I prefer to disable the button in the settings :)
I'm curious about the processor, which one is the Snapdragon processor in the motherboard section, can somebody point out for me
Lol u showed the power button as the bixby button...!!
Zack for Prez 2018
Waiting for Nokia 7plus??
Hey Jerry ..this is one mother of a video. It explains and confirms so much Thank you. Just asking, can I show this during a training program? Thanks.
I got a ad of S9
im not suggesting murder, had me dead
Halo Mr Tukang Otak-atik
why this is not in hd
why this is not in hd
Plz rig oppo F5
Please test HTC U11 PLUS
As a tech lover It's hard to watch Man..It's hurts??
Yes!!!
Can you do the Motorola E4 durability test
Looks like you are not a fan of Apple. Yeah I agree. They’re a bit slow. XD Love your videos, your professionalism and your pleasure to just scratch. XDDDD it always makes me xDDDDD. More like. XDDDD. Idk how to explain this
Excellent video ????????
hahahha apple is 2 years behind haha funny ??
You should do a video where you say all the facts that make Android flagships different from the Apple iPhones. I feel like people buy iPhones because they just think well it's Apple and it's more expensive so it must be better. However after talking for a good ten minutes with someone who has an iPhone and explaining the facts about the hardware in their phone compared to let's a galaxy they quickly realize they've been scammed.
IPhone 2020????
Do oppo f5 it have really good camera
Sir check the duribilty of nokia 8 Sirocco
still wating for the tear down of the zte dul screem phone, just intersting of the inside of that phone
Wow.... you are best in this...
i love the savage on apple lmao
i wouldnt consider the dual apeture a major deal maker for people to buy it, but maybe the new processor...nvm this is just samsungs version of an iphone 8
The main challenge is to assemble it again.
Brasil SP
Can you show a disassemble of a Huawei ascend xt2 ? I have a broken screen, I need to know how to open the phone properly. I watched a video before, the steps weren't clear enough.
Stop destroying Smartphones
If I get an S9 I may buy a dbrand skin
“And if i’ve earned it hit that subscribe button” now THAT is how you do it man!
I hate samsung! Oh, and i hate apple too btw!
Wow u done it so easily... :-)
I don't even care about this phone, I just enjoy listening to him talk about it ?????
when hardware is explained by a youtuber way better than the actual manufacturer!
Nice to know that we gon see this tech in iphone on 2020
I remember my old phones have the same mechanism. Phones with xenon flash on it. sony ericsson: k800i, w800i and my nokia n82. They have this mechanical iris. If you have one of those, i think you should check that out.
i will buy that clear back than a fuckin dbrand skin!
Samsung > Apple Is there any argument anymore?
Samsung ma be ahead but the iPhone 8 and X still have a better processor. And they still look better but that is not a reason to buy a phone
Your back voice for the video was so catchy man why cant you try in different modulation
Just cover the contacts with electrical tape. Why damage it when you can do a reversible fix?
What is that wallpaper?
So can you show us the pretty sweet camo skin from dbrand
love the popping sound of lego, make it louder please
Speaking of glass backed phones, can you do the Moto X4??
Thumbs up for vibration explanation.
"Apple is about 2years behind so u will see this in 2020"- JerryRigEverything ?? ??
Jerryrigeverything more likely androidboy101 lol
I am just here for the Apple troll bits :P
Tech King called Jerryrigeverything
This is one thing I was wondering about phone cameras. Can you upgrade them? Especially since they come out. I hate the camera in my phone. So that's why.
I came here for the apple roasts. I'm satisfied yet once again. ??
I have a Samsung because of my boy jack
Please do a teradown of lenovo zuk z1
Wow, I'm actually impressed with thing. I'm not often am, but this one, I would consider buying. Do you have any idea if I can easily or somewhat easily flash LineageOS on this thing eventually?
i can't see the s9+ what have you done to it zach
I've seen a ton of your vids, this one with the camera tear down is by far the best.
bro u jst ruined e s9 phone...
Does the phone has FM built in?
iphone x is 10000 time better, poor samsung s8 = s9
I finally get to be that douche who says "watching on my Galaxy S9."
Hey Zack, you always deserve a subscriber when you make videos
Original good tech content w/ humor ????????????
This phone would be perfect if the Bixby button was program go to any functioning wide and you can choose your virtual assistant
When are you going to give us an update on your new truck?
In my opinion, your teardown videos are the most interesting. Please never stop making them
"95 % capacity over 2 years" Absolute bullcrap, according to acubattery my note 8 battery capacity is at 3000.......
I'm not saying murder but it's possible
Dbrand if you read this, you should make a copy of interior of a phone and use it as back skin, it will look cool
I didn't even notice the camera was gone in the clear s9 video
But how does the diffuser work!?
nice
First Samsung Galaxy I am interested in, very nice
Entertaining and informative as usual.
I always listen for those word "little Lego".
You know Zack, your S9+ stayed untouched for 3 videos so far. I have a strong feeling you're considering it to be your new daily driver.
I buyed a iPhone 8 i love my phone ??
I love that he hates apple lmao
Isso é incrível, fazer isso e voltar a funcionar
"I'm not suggesting murder, I'm just saying it's possible." - Zack, 2018
Pretty well built phone
Just waiting for the fire...
Murder the BIXBY!
"I'm not suggesting murder," Just permanently crippling Bixby. And that's O.K.!
Jerry is the s9 camera fit to note 8 ??
Wow Samsung is known for copying Apple and this liberal says the opposite
Like a little LEGO
You savage!! ????????
I just have liked and subscribed your channel for murdering phone. :p
Apple's always ahead in the weirdest ways compared to Samsung. Samsung is ahead in great ways like reducing bezels, beautiful screens, and cool camera technology, but Apple is ahead of the others when it comes to removing head phone jacks, adding notches, and popularizing a second camera. It always feels like both companies are just doing their own thing, but inevitably most every other Android manufacturer just ends up copying what Apple's doing, for better (two camera systems) or worse (headphone jack and that fucking notch). And this opinion comes from a content iPhone 7 user with no plans to change over.
Roasted!!!??????
Still waiting for the Tesla teardown
How you live torturing phones
How can the Samsung battery be so small in form factor but be so huge
I want you guys to decide, should I move to Samsung or stay at Apple
This channel is the only reason why Google built in that notification icon into YouTube!
So um, yeah. Love your videos, but that "Bixby button" that you pointed out was definitely the power button. It's an honest mistake considering the phone is flipped over..
Apple will put this camera in their phones and call it their own revolutionary idea.
Love d Apple roasts nd d quality of ur vids..
Jerry i"ve watched your videos from a year or so and i thouth of this from a long time what if you replace the back camera with the front what will happen like if you think you should do a video
Wish i could afford a S9 but i dont like payment plans and ¥95,839 is about as much as one month of rent but it is a very nice phone, glad they finally added a hardware solution for the rear camera.
I love how he just casually flames Apple throughout the video
Is it possible to mechanically damage that apperture mechanism? I mean, if you hit the phone, or it falls to the ground... And also, would it be possible for this hardware to change the apperture anywhere between 1.5 and 2.4?
MY S9+ IS COMING SATURDAY OR MONDAY Cant ship sunday
Xperia XZ2 Teardown
GALAXY J5V PRIME please
Those Apple are cold hard facts and they're golden.
About 300 Apple fanboys triggered ??
You should change your channel name to apple roaster everything!
damn, you hate apple hahaha
Sorry Bixby button is on the right side if from bottom,
bravo majstore
Aperture remember me about Portal
Love from India Many thing learn from u I love u.
Goddamn Zach, you know how i love your Apple burns. What's that ? Oh ... You don't ... Well, now you do! Keep the heat high my friend!
Why don't you just buy official waterproof seals instead of using double sided tape so you can retain the water resistance and keep the clear look
Test the Samsung galaxy j7 sky pro
As always Jerry... your teardown vids are amazing get to learn a lot.
"I'm not suggesting murder" after you explain how to kill Bixby. Ha ha ha this is why I love your channel.
weirdly satisfaying at looking the jack audio spinning when it's pop up ??
Love that jab at Apple :D
Should i buy a Samsung galaxy s9 or a Razer phone?
Are we going to P E N E T R A T E ( ?° ?? ?°) it again?
Very fascinating video. The Samsung Galaxy S9 duo is looking to be pretty promising: no stupid notches, they have headphone jack, card slots, and cameras with variable apertures. Now if only they had removable batteries and a 16:9 ratio.??
you wanna give me that phone now
Hey jerry rig everything i love your videos man but why don’t you pick on another smart phone company that just apple. Btw sometimes your jokes about i have to admit they are a little funny? ??
Hey Jerry you scratched your camera lens on the phone of course
Apple will "invent" that camera 2 years from now
do you realise you were saying to the people to remove the power button??? bixby is on the other side...
All of the roasts that you have been handing out to apple makes me ashamed of owning a 6..
You've earned it!
Well done. Now let's wait for the S10
@jerryrigeverything what about attempting to retrofit the so camera module in an s8
Ha phrasing ????
I swear Dbrand is just sponsoring everybody
Bixby finally survived. ??
Very experienced man.
always fun to watch. :D
You are one ruthless sob.
Man I love it how honest you are about Apple! Roasting da heck outta dem unlike most of the other youtubers who are afraid of losing their iSheeps audience!
your video so cool I subscribed for you friend
The Apple bashing is real in this one oof
What up rating is complete waterproof
well, is there any improvement on the speaker this time around ?
nice video
galaxy s9 so so coooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooool bro????????
Apple will invent it
Jerryrape everything
i like that the PCB is just a general PCB colour, not black etc.
Hahahahaha. The statement was awesome for bixby . I m not suggesting murder, i m just saying it's possible
Dang what's your beef with Apple.
you pointed to the power button, then called it a bixby button
what i don't understand is how apple is revolutionary when its always 2 years behind.
I understand that apple overprices their devices and their latest have not been so innovative but the iPhone 5s had Touch ID before Samsung and when Samsung got it the next year on the S5, you had to slide down. The iPhone 7 Plus had dual cameras before the Samsung phones and a year later, Samsung put it in their phones on the note 8. So i kinda get annoyed when you make it seem like they have no impact in the smartphone world. But I stilled enjoyed the video nevertheless!
I love your content, but after tens of apple burns in every single video, kind of getting tired of it. I get it, you hate apple but its kind of extreme and overused at this point. Apple is not the only one excluding features or waiting some time for them to get better, its not like samsung doesnt make mistakes, I dont hear you joke about their exploding note 7's everytime looking at a battery. Just something I noticed, have a nice day tho :)
Shit Pry tool isn't the same as IFIXITS
what happens if xou open the camera app without having a camera in the phone?
Awesome phone
Nooooo why did u broke the s9 :'( ??
$1000+ iPhone X < $720 Samsung S9
Noooooooooooooooo don't murder Bixby. He's my buddy.
In 2020 There will be no camera on the iPhone ????
You know what I love about your Apple burns? That unlike iSheep who have to stretch reality to make Samsung look bad, you're actually just throwing out pure facts out there. The fact those are actually so stupidly ridiculous is what makes the burn so effective. Kinda makes you think about where you put your money, huh?
You are the best??????
IT IS THE EXACT SAME... Its like an S8s
many bombs thrown at Apple's a-hole
No one's gonna point out the hilarious apple roast? ??
I wish he would stop throwing shade at Apple I used to enjoy this channel but he just won't shut up and review the phone in front of him instead he points out every feature that a phone has that apple doesn't
Waiting for the homepod teardown jerry??
Love how you dirty talk with your phone ????
Hey Jerry, I think that was actually the power button you mentioned in the video. Haha It was face down which flipped the buttons too.
LEEEGO :)
Lol Camera failure msg ????
agent 47!!
I listen to your videos while sleeping. Your voice is so soothing
Can't wait to see Apple inventing that variable aperture camera in upcoming models
your videos are so good!
Try buffing scratches off an iPhone X please !!!
No I don't have enough I'm just a teen
ok come on, stop hitting on Apple so much with the whole battery deal, its annoying. Every video I watch of yours consists of almost one negative comment on Apple...not all they do is bad, and you seem to portray them as a horrible company.....not cool.
still didnt check if the charger port has the same issue that many of the s8's and s8+'s had.
Apples batteries are larger but have less capacity Samsung batteries are much smaller and yet are larger Coincidence?
Now that is something of a manly review of the phone..!!! Learnt something new.
LG gets criticized for making a v30 with new A.I and a few hardware upgrades but samsumg gets praised for making a whole new flagship that only has a better camera than the s8? Makes sense
Apple maybe 2 years behind but when they do it they will always out perform samsung... even look at the shitty retarded animoji's samsung released. I dont own a iphone and currently have a S7 so dont come back at me saying i am a apple fanboy.
I need a phone sooo frinking bad
Low-key bashing on Apple ??????
Only Dbrand skin worth buying are the matte color ones
I like seeing the inside of phones
It's not murder, it's amputation.
Only dumb turds buy Dbrand skins for that overpriced garbage... these skins are like 2 bucks on ebay or aliexpress.
Man, I love this dude’s smooth apple roasts
Finally, what I have been missing on youtube
do a video on how to murder the Bixby button!!!
What would happen if you put the S8 camera in S9 ?
I am not saying to murder the bixby button but it is possible
now if we can only modify that sim tray to hold 2 sims and a sd card simultaneously
I love the Apple shade. ??????
$5 on Apple advertising their future revolutionary camera as their "2020 vision"
Zach to the rescue!!!
Damn I'd like to get S8 or S9, too bad they are using shitty OLED displays...
the 95% battery is so underrated! this is important. all my phones get crappy after so little time! Wish my laptop used that kind of battery too :(
didnt see second speaker... lol was it there? cant find
This variable aperture is a joke, with that sensor size lol "innovative"
Beautiful inside as it's beautiful outside.?? Apple is always behind the innovative Samsung.
You have earned it already ..??????
Is there anything u didnt rig yet? Lol
I really like your videos zack, but i think you’re taking the apple criticism too far!
his voice is so relaxing lol
that wasnt the bixbi button actually that was the power button
This is what makes samsung way superior than apple
If you popped the camera out of the s9 could it fit in the s8? I know you wouldn't get the variable aperture but just curious
"rip off the contact pads, so he never works again. I'm not suggesting murder, just saying it's possible". Zack, i like your honesty on things like failed buttons and premium brands running 2 years behind and claiming innovation :D
Dbrand is shipping so slow, it has been 10 days stil not shipped..
"You'll see this in an iPhone at around 2020" ??
This guy is so jelly of apple! Did they reject your job application at the Apple store or something?
No hate but i cant fcing belive how big of an android and especcially samsung fanboi this guy is
I dont know why but it doesnt feel like 60fps
Life is a diy proyeckt
Jerry is finally becoming who he's meant to be
"I'm not suggesting murder, I'm just saying it's possible" - JerryRigEverything 2018 ??
are you going to do a honor 7x review at some point?? you did the 6x so now what about the new one??
"I'm not suggesting murder, I'm just saying it's possible" indeed useless bixby button.
You should be paid to roast apple consistently Agent 47
His videos are so relaxing like asmr ??
I wonder if the mm change in the aperture can be done over a range rather than what I understand to be a hard `1` or a hard `0` for 1.5 and 2.4. XDA, do your thing.
Why dont you test the samsung galaxy J7 2017 its not a flagship but i want to see its power ??????
Always big thumbs up ????????
"I'm not suggesting murder." Lmao Bixby shade is heavyyyyyyyyy ??
...like a little Lego... :D
Should be able to reassign the bixby button so when pressed it take you to Jerry's YouTube page. Call it the Jerry button.
Solution to get rid of Bixby Software guy: Roots phone, remaps button Hardware guy: Rips cables out
What happends if you decided to dont put certain " important " komponents inside? Will it make the software go bad shit?
I swear the S9 Plus was the only phone with the aperture I guess wrong not the s9
We do what we must because we can
Didn't expect to laugh during a phone tear down video but that was amazing lol the salt was strong
Your iPhone bashing is getting pretty old. We get it, you don't like Apple.
Swap camera s9 to s8??
Don't worry guys, apple will most likely invent variable apertures in the next iPhone!
F you dbrand
I'm looking forward to that vibrator video.
You’re the only guy I watch for teardown videos because you actually give an in-depth review of every product only thing I have to say is I am an Apple fan however I agree with you they need to put the headphone jack back
I love how you are roasting Apple in your videos, they make me laugh a lot. I have an iPhone 8 Plus and it's a great phone. Amazing speed and great camera. You can say iPhones are expensive but if you compare the iPhone 8 Plus' price with the S9 plus, in Europe the iPhone 8 Plus in 100 euros cheaper. And the iPhone is still faster. Camera quality is debatable and since i havent had an S9 in my hands, i can't say anything.
I still like pixel 2's camera more. For me S9 is a little bit of a scam.
"You know what you sign up for" - may these roasts never disappear
oh you earned the subscribe alright. Such a clear tear down and commentary
@JerryRigEverything bro, I think you have mistaken power button for bixby button....
I watch it as a revenge to those phones I can't buy..
you just managed to make 2 videos during one teardown lol
??well see these in apple in 2020
Could you do a review of AGM x2 phone? It claims that it's build strong even a group of 6 or 7 kicking it on the floor won't do much damage. Thanks Jerry!
Is there any particular reason variable aperture has to be done with a moving shutter instead of an LCD?
Not a JRE video w/o the Apple jokes
Why are you always have to say something about Apple? Dual aperture is such a gimmick feature on a phone... watch all the experiment videos on this camera and you’ll se a microscopic change in the light. Plus with this “feature” it lets microscopic light to come to the sensor but you lose so much quality. Look it up in the videos. I don’t hate on your videos i love watching them but your jokes are kinda out of date. Its my opinion. The headphone jack one is not funny anymore because more people are actually okay with that and they don’t need it anymore. Samsung will also remove it. Right now they wait for other companies to take the hate for that. But they WILL REMOVE IT.
20% drop every year for an iPhone battery!! Wow
Great video, thanks.
How U can now have a Destroyer s9 xD
Please perform a durability test on Honor View 10. Thanks!
That reminds me, I would like if somebody built phone from parts from other phones.
Why you hate apple
What a tool
But, I thought that s8 became clear..!!! ??
i love how he says "pretty cool"
gotta give it a lil love how Zack picks on Apple
A W E S O M E
Thank you for making this video
I dont know why but the front cam looks like a gopro
Apple burnt beyond recognition in this video??
The little Apple jabs in your vids warm my heart. Love it. lol
Stop roasting apple lmao
I'll come back to this video 2 years later when apple announces their variable aperture
Apple hire him.....??
Like DSLR? You mean like a most cheap compact camera? :)
why ????????????
Great video and explanation!  Thank you for a job greatly done.
Galaxy S9 teardown and you cant stand not to criticize apple on every step, this is annoying. Apparently you can't make a video without Apple in it, otherwise nobody would watch it.
How do you know when to remove what? Do you watch other teardown or similar, or did you do it often enough to know your way around well enough?
???????
Love all the apple jabs. Great video as always.
Why not disagree s9 Plus
Mmm been waiting for this tear down since the leaks came out. Way to go Zack!
I got my S9+ today but I will not activate until I get my OtterBox Defender case so I don't pull a JerryRig
apple be like ... after 2 years for the first time ever we introduce the variable aperture
Love your videos
That was really do cool zack
Yeah fuck apple
I subscribed to you twice jerry .
With bxActions the Bixby-Button is just great.
Do you prefer the S9 screen or the s9+? and is the s9 Big enough and with wat can I compare the size of the s9 with wat for object Thinking about Buying 1 of the 2. :)
Is the bixby button the same as the power button?
The camera was so much interesting, same as the comment for Apple was????????
Do galium vs aluminium backed phone
I wish I could meet the aliens who designe such complex hardware.
Damn, Jerry is starting to reach new levels of fan-hating Apple.
Does it have Quattro? It means 4 in which language?
This guys really know how to review a phone, in and out.
what if that aperture toggle switch was left in between the end points??? could we not choose aperture between the provided range
At least u don't smash phones
"Apple is usually about 2 years behind. You will see this in an iphone by 2020" This made my day. :)
Jerry, why you hate that Bixby button?
Apple running 2 years behind? Don't you mean 5? ??
U stupid dork piece of shit u are behnd and Samsung crap who always coppies Apple no wonder it can’t have Face ID witch is 3 years ahead of everyone.... looser
This guy is Apple Savage ????
S9 teardown was awesome.the hardware rocks.especially the camera lens..
You speak so well and explain everything so nicely
I like this guy too much
Please test the Nokia 7plus, we gotta know how Nokia is going ??
Great work Jerry, thanks
2010 Nokia N8 also have light Frame please notice that phone
why did you stop doing camera comparisons ?
the way that aperture moves...makes me wonder if samsung could have given more f stops then only 2 options??
I love your apple roasts
Sir u are great clam and sharp Shows there is a possibility u can just pop the connector of the Bixby button ?? legend Just saying indeed. Respect
Sir Am big fan of u r voice
you did suggest Bixbey's murder! LMAO
I like when red arrows point to screw fixtures and I like Jerry...Meow!
Stop hating Apple so much!!!
U r ??
Hey , so you say that camera is controlled with magnets , soooooo if i wanna film a very strong neodium magnet up close will that affect my ois :))))))) ....just saying.....
this guy is the best
Bro its the power botton
yes but still no cat s41 tear down ??
I really wanted him too kill bixby
,,Our replacment backpanel is very cheap,, Apple never said
Zack just keeps getting better and better. He has single-handedly carved out a pretty unique niche on youtube, no mean feat in 2018. He is without question the very best at what he's doing around here. Plus, he absolutely [and accurately] skewers Apple in the most clever, charming and least offensive manner possible. Great writing and production :D
As a non-butthurt Apple fan, I admit I laughed at the 2-years behind comment. The S9 is a well designed and built slab. Not a fan of what Samsung does with Android, though. If only they'd be part of Android One.
In our country shit is fos and we call iphone ifos (iphos) :D
Audio Clarity " The best on any Youtube Channel"
I'm here because this is the best teardown channel and also because I've pre-ordered the 256GB S9+ so I'm getting it tomorrow here in Taiwan so Exynos variant. Roasted Apple is just the perfect topping and this is The Place to get it! The best thing is that they're all facts that sheep are always denying or making excuses for. Thank you Zack for telling it like it is... Raw and straight up in their faces. My 256GB S9+ will cost the same as an 64GB iPhone X LMAO! My 400GB MicroSD card is ready... 656GB!
S9 Good ??!
You definitely earn, to be subscribed Good video quality and definitely good explanation Thanks
"Apple is usually 2 years behind so expect this in the iPhone in 2020." DYING
JerryRapesEveryThing ??
Anyone else getting their S9 tomorrow! :D I also got that Dbrand black camo to go with it!
Should i buy the Google pixel xl?
You are genius .....
Same battery used as in S8?
been waiting for the camera how it works and know how to kill bixby button manually. thank you jack
Samsung is like the only company that doesn’t skip 9.
WEird, my s9+ has a diffuser! maybe theres a difference by market?
this consistent apple hate is amazing
can i send you my phone so you can fix it lol. Im serious it looks pretty bad the screen is broken and the camera lens glass is also broken and i cant afford to buy a new on lol (broke college student)
Rather to have that aperture technology two years later when it's well implemented rather than having it know and making the pictures look mostly noisy.
Amazing
I don't see the hype over the 400gb SD storage size cause the lg v10 went up to 1 terabyte and that phone is so old now
Jerry rig i am samsung galaxy note 3 neo N750 user . I lost my s pen can u please send me a link for buy s pen or send me one from ur mobile garbage
Bro, you're best in narrating things you do. And one reason to click that YouTube icon.
Youtuber by day hitman 4 hire by night lol
Your work is just awsome...
I love it when he throws shots at apple.
would like to see an earpiece comparison so I can understnd why samsung doesn't enable stereo on the s8
Drink Everytime he says" like a Lego " Fuck I am drunk af
"I'm not suggesting murder, I'm just... saying it's possible." Lol
Lmao iphone got burned in this video
5% watch cause they like technology 95% watch cause of him hating apple :)
ughh couldn't make it early this time because i was taking a nap :( well i guess I'm not one of the notification squad... when it gets to this video at least.
man this is the one thing that I was looking for an explanation for , thumbs up Jerry , you are more thorough in your demonstrations than even the ifixit guys . also thankyou for giving the bare truth about the iphone "2 years behind , you will see the mechanism somewhere in 2020" :D
Who else is using the new black mode of YouTube
A vibrator video...hmm...
LEGO-MAN Returns..
I love your videos and everything dude, but i unsubbed as soon as you became so biased, I’m no fanboy of either party, but you label these videos as teardowns, not opinions
this dual aperture mechanism system i have seen so many times before in some old nokia symbian os phones like nokia n8, nokia n73 etc. but nokia never mentioned that. But if you look close, you will see...
When you take apart phones they always look so cool!
Review + teardown the Wileyfox Swift 2X please
I normally really enjoy these videos but at 4 and half minutes I can’t tell if this is a Samsung teardown video or an Apple bashing video. Kind of annoying.
I will teardown my GALAXY S9 just to remove Bixby button from my phone ??
Thanks Zach! The dual aperture works exactly like I thought, with two shutters closing. Pretty cool, and reliable, though this design eliminates any position but opened or closed. I believe the four coils are electromagnetic lens positioning for the OIS. The aperture shutter should have a micro-solenoid actuator. Thanks again for another great video.
Love you Jerry. I love your sarcastic approach to nearly all your video is subtle and gr8.
Jerry do a review on asus new zenphone 5
Or try with the s9+ With note 8 camera
Can you put this camera part on the s8 or s8+
"Apple's usually 2 years behind...." Steve Jobs cries in his tomb!
You don't just earn the subscribe button, you fuc*** nailed it!
...like a little lego
"Crapple is usely 2 years behind, so u will see this in an iCrap in 2020" Truest shit I ever heard lel
I think apple should exclude a main camera because it takes up too much space
Kick Ass. I won’t touch replacing anyone’s screen on s9. They pulled an HTC and mounted too many parts on the lcd lmao
Do Sony XZ2 vibrator reveal
"My phone"? So you have switched?
That was not the Bixby button. It was the powerbutton. Looks like the bixby button uses the same ribbon as the volume rocker.
Excellent video Jerry.
I just don't understand how anyone could dislike your videos....
turn the csmeraa in without the lens
Man you always go hard on Apple it's weird we still haven't had the 'Dear JerryRigEverything' video from TailosiveTech
"I am not suggesting murder.. " Lmao.
Get that mole checked bud
174 fixed aparture lenses disliked this video...
Team Samsung or iphone? Me iphone ????just kidding
Did you teardown two s9 phones
What if... You dont put te lenses on the camera and try to make a photo?
Thanks Zack.was waiting for that,,keep the job bro :)
Roasting Apple ahead ????
Scratched the camera lens ?? scary
Man you roast Apple so hard! Love your videos, keep it up! :)
and do.. detailed comparison between gorilla glass versions.. it would be interesting..
I like turtles
Good video love it
That poor poor S9 has been used and abused all so we can be amused.
He is a professional mobile surgeon. Dr Zack
Always love your Apple roasts. Very tasty
This guys always bitter about Apple
guess who get free phones from Dbrand???
Would you shut up about Apple I am so sick of you bashing Apple in every one of your videos I am just about ready to unsubscribe your videos would be very interesting if you wouldn’t be such a jerk about Apple.
What do you have against apple bro?
There is no point to buy this phone then, hardly any difference
What do you think, in 2020 will samsung smartphone be as much as powerful as iphone of 2017?
sony xperia xz2 durability an tear down
Samsung variable ads first with imagined camera xd??
Its been 2 yrs since I bumped into ur channel - s7 edge, and I must say I've enjoyed each one of ur videos since then, they keep getting better, entertaining and educative. Keep up the great job
I love the Apple roasts :D
S9+is king
I'm not suggesting murder... just saying it's possible.
Use iFixit's adhesive remover
The internal design of this phone is so much better that the Apples, they are such a mess, 20 different types of screws, glue shit everywhere, you can tell who actually designs their phone internals and who slaps and glues it together.
Need to have him dissect Hillary clintons brain and see why its so sick... lol.. he would do a great job
I wish that his intro name was a bit bigger.
Guys through out the video there's a random flashlight looking thing in the top right... I think your studio is haunted.
You deserve 10 million subscribers real talk
LEGO should start paying you
I love how you roast apple ??
The button that you speak about is the power button
What will happen if you take the galaxy s9 camera and place it into the note8 or s8?
I like that you are so cold
I'm not suggesting murder but....??????
????????????
Any plans on tear down of s9 plus model? I know it would be almost same but, some minor differences might be worth a video.
I love this channel and the videos you make! But I’m starting to notice you are blasting on Apple more and more! I get it they are not everyone’s preference, but I like impartial reviews!
I love the murder part. Sounds reasonable. Well said. Hahahahaaha
I'm goona thankful to you because I have founded the real truth about the Galaxy s9
Can you do a g5plus tear down?
Thanks for the informative video. I was waiting for this. ??
Love when you rip on Apple! Nice vid.
Love from India !!!
Yesssss love the shade thrown on apple 2020 when they get this haha
About the flash diffuser, since it is such a small light source, having a diffuser that tiny isn't noticiable on any occasion
Dude you are the reason I watch a teardown video...Never repaired a smartphone but watched majority of your teardown videos...Thank you for the entertainment and apple roast ..FYI You are literally the 1% of the Youtube community who Shares the truth about apple rest are apple fanboys/sheeps...
Im here for apple bur XD good job
Good job
Wow what ca camera rip Dslr ?
The biggest arms in the tech yt industry with the most delicate hands.
Nice apple burns.
Jack all this videos with tear down you learn me how to fix my old phone HUGE THUMBS UP FOR YOU
Good job
Samsung should thank you for this vid
When you were showing the bixby button i think that was actually the power button
I love how he constantly shits on the iphone
The button you said was bixby was actually the power button. Remember, you had the phone upside down
Your videos are so mind relaxing... everything goes so smooth ????
So you have to destroy the screen to fix the broken glass??
Respect....and love from India????????
This video makes no sense because of the clear rear video from 2 days ago. Still a great video tho
"Apple's about 2 years behind so you can expect this feature in around 2020" will for sure be expensive af and branded as revolutionary brand new camera technology mark these words
Nokia n8 used similar kind of technique 10 years ago, inside the camera, it had extra lens like sunshades, when i point my camera to sun, internal black sunshades pops in
Very clean work ??????
???????? what's this android doctor
Samsung made a really cool feature with that adjustable aperture , but I’m 100% sure Apple will do it better and more technologically advanced than Samsung, this happens just every year???????
inb4 apple puts a variable camera lens in an iPhone and the apple fanboys start saying it's a new thing
When do replacements become available? Have any replacement parts ever become available?
Nice
1
Is it possible if you swap s9 camera to s9+?
Just watched a 2 minutes advertisement for you. So you can upload often.??
He fires 2 much at apple??????
How is Apple 2 years behind the competition when they make the best phone processors, as well as the most secure/advanced form of facial recognition and tracking on ANY phone? There was even 4K video recording at 60fps long before Samsung, but no one ever brings this up, either.
Mind blowing awesome
400gb...with that size...wth...so tiny
Plz do Sony XZ2
So why does the 4k 60 on the s9 do not have ois?
"Apple is usually about 2 years behind so you will see this in an iPhone in 2020." ????
Hey jerry,great stuff...keep up...bro why dont you teerdown smartwatch..just curious to see the modular circuit design of this small tech..hope to see one of it...if possible open the camera fully like you did in lg v30...
one of the most unique channel on youtube
Lol Samsung: don't worry the battery will stay strong for over a year Apple: expect a big drop in battery every year (if we don't do it manually)
Gonna see iphone use this camera tech in 2020 ??????
Give me ones more phone.. please ????
I don't know how u make this look so easy .. I tried opening a iPhone and It took me hours to put it back?? I guess that's what editing is for ??
Please do make a video on the different types of vibration motors :) ! and btw the amount of detail in this video was great!
That was the power button not the Bixby button that you told people how to break
love your videos can you shoot a video telling us how to replace a charging port
"I'm not saying to murder the guy (bixby) i'm just saying it's possible". I died
You should have put the camera back in but without the lens. I am very curious to see how it would look when there is only the Sensor.
"im not suggesting murder, im just saying its posible" hahaha
I‘d like to see a durability test of the MobileStudioPro. Wacom prides itself on durability but it seems to me they slacked quite a bit in recent years.
As always roasting apple ??????
Did anyone else hear the buttons "tick" when he turned off the video?
the aperture does make a LOT of difference to detail even in low light ,set it to 2.5f in a street lit night with slow shutter speed and the bricks look sharper and more detailed than the camersa flooding in more light
"You will be see this in 2 years on iPhone" ?????? Great man, keep going. Hi from Bosnia?
My favorite phone technician
Everything unclips like little lego pieces.
Awesome dude. Incredible work .. Stay inspired.
Is some of the footage reused?
"Apple's usually two years behind, so you'll probably see this in an iPhone around 2020" ????
Remember me thx bro
Now i understand why it is worth that much money
I don't think your patience for taking Samsung phones apart is fully appreciated, lol
2 Million almost there
I've subscribed??
I'm pretty sure Nokia was the first to implement Variable Aperture.
Apple will invent variable aperture in 2020
“I’m not suggesting murder,I’m just saying it’s possible” ??
Why do I feel like Jerry has a shelf full of Lego Builds ;-;
Super
Use a glue diffuser used in ifixit video
Nice vid bro :)
This channel is the best, this channel is the evidence that a channel don't need clickbait. Sorry for the bad English, I'm spanish and I'm learning English, tell me if my english is bad.
I love Sumsung
Swap the part from s9 to s8 and vice versa.
Love from india ...jerry..
Jerry cannot live without Apple. The guy loves the iPhone so much he talks every video about it hahahahhaha
Good job jerry
Apple jokes are the best ??????
how can you make 2 videos but with a phone without a camera and with a camera, and the same scratch on the fingerprint sensor?
I wouldn't piss off Apple folks if I were you. Those guys get triggered easily. We don't wanna have a shitstorm in your comment section.
Why does the teardown video comes after the clear video? Btw i love your channel and voice
Those guys with my name are always intelligent ????
Give me one phone so that i can watch alal your videos insted of killing them
not worth the hype, overpriced phone
hey, i always wanted to know if u can put a camera sensor like this, lets say in a other phone like the s8, u think its possible? would be sick
Great video!
It's hurt to watch this video... But i enjoy it in entire second ??
Test the sony Xperia xz2
i love your hair <3
Love how much trash he talks about Apple in these videos.
Can you actually move the camera and fingerprint sensor to the s8? So you relocate the fingerprint sensor on the s8.
u will see iphone in 2020 for that technology and call it revolutionary....
Zack u r awesome
I asked you so much that I would go to a picnic with a mobile but you did not give me, but rather asked me to subscribe too! You were thinking of a foreigner so long that your mind was very good but now I know that your mind is very small. Thanks for not giving.
I asked you so much that I would go to a picnic with a mobile but you did not give me, but rather asked me to subscribe too! You were thinking of a foreigner so long that your mind was very good but now I know that your mind is very small. Thanks for not giving.
Is it even a teardown if he doesn't unplug something 'like a little Lego'?
I asked you so much that I would go to a picnic with a mobile but you did not give me, but rather asked me to subscribe too! You were thinking of a foreigner so long that your mind was very good but now I know that your mind is very small. Thanks for not giving.
jerry u r really talented
Please please do a Motorola x4 teardown video
I asked you so much that I would go to a picnic with a mobile but you did not give me, but rather asked me to subscribe too! You were thinking of a foreigner so long that your mind was very good but now I know that your mind is very small. Thanks for not giving.
Couldn't the LG G4 hold an SD card up to 2tb?
I asked you so much that I would go to a picnic with a mobile but you did not give me, but rather asked me to subscribe too! You were thinking of a foreigner so long that your mind was very good but now I know that your mind is very small. Thanks for not giving.
I asked you so much that I would go to a picnic with a mobile but you did not give me, but rather asked me to subscribe too! You were thinking of a foreigner so long that your mind was very good but now I know that your mind is very small. Thanks for not giving.
Take a shot whenever he takes a shot at apple
Never buying a used phone from you ????????
Great vidéo !!
Another great video from Zack. But one minor mistake, the Bixby button that he pointed out is actually the power button. Since in this teardown we are looking at the back of the phone, the Bixby button will be on the right under the volume rocker. If you kill that button on the left, you won't be able to turn on the phone. Just a word of caution in case someone really wants to go ahead and kill the Bixby button.
Wow the Great video Sir ?? Sir bhut hi accha video h Sir thank you very so much sir ??
One of the best channels on youtube!
Yeah remove that Bixby button, oh wait, that is the power button you are pointing at.
What if you take one camera from the Dual Camera of the S9+? Will the camera app still work, because you got technically 1 camera of the dual camera left?
Wow
I cant buy and he's destroying ?? btw learnt many things from you Jerry ???
How nice.
Thanks for making video sir
Thumbs up for Samsungs Engineers who designed the camera
Sorry but the iPhone X camera looks so much better and realistic then the galaxy 9 camera.
The roasting of apple in this is insane, of course I liked it.
That was the power button you showed us, not Bixby, so guys don't destroy it!
Do the Xiaomi Mi A1!
Why do I find your voice so soothing???
Can some one explain me why many don't like bixby?
What skin are you talking about , I see no phone
Like teardown mini 4wd ??
Hey Zack you had mentioned that Apple removed the headphone jack because they weren't making money of it... And proprietary lightning port makes them money... Using that logic do you think Android Smartphone manufacturers make money by using USB type C headphones and removing the Headphone jack?
Do a Bixby button removal tutorial!
aperture science
Hello, on Samsung S8 you showed us that front facing camera had a OIS ``design`` ... does this S9 have a OIS on front facing camera ? Thanks.
Your channel is not only informative and entertaining, but also, your voice is extremely soothing..
Coool :) Ty!
Hey Zack I remember my Nokia n 73 with the same type of camera like s9. Please check it out and make a comparison video if possible. I watch all of your videos but talking to you for the first time. Bye have a good day
your video make teardowns look easy, but every time I try to teardown my electronics, I end up screwing them.... :')
A very different take on tech videos. Keep Spicing up the tech world. Amazing channel.
Lol 2020 xD more like 2024 took them many years to get wireless charging, fast charging, ip67 so i dont think 2020 iphones will get that camera
You've earned it, two yours age as i remember :-)
Dude...plz test cheaper phones also
Camera lens replacement
I like your explanation
Oh wow I didn't know Samsung was claiming 95% battery cap retention after 2 years. That's very impressive, I learned that Li-ion batteries drop about 20% per 500 charges (so about what apple is claiming) Am going to search for someone that tests this, because it's a major reason why I haven't bought a new phone (without user-replaceable battery) yet.
AppleRoastCounter is exploding xD
Can you make TNT please let me know if you need anything else from me please let me
What do you do with your old phones
'Apple is usually yeo years behind so you will see this in an Iphone in around 2020' ????
I love the Apple burns all the time! hahah
why you gotta hate on apple tho? :/
??????????????
Greetings from Aperture Science Enrichment Center
My view of smartphones was changed by this channel... Love u..
so if I break my screen and replace it will it not be waterproof anymore??
So good
One thing about Android phones which just isn't as good as iPhones is haptic feedback. All around the UI the amazing haptic feedback on the iPhone makes it very nice to use. Samsung is prolly the only manufacturer which comes close to that of Apple yet it is not as good. Hope to see improvement in Android phones in this area.
Plz Stop raping this beast????????
thank for give us details about camera
Lens finally revealed in next video... ??????????
Surgery on the S9 I see...
Iphone ??
circuit board look like 90s walkmans,, so cheap.
Galaxy s9 is only water resistant? Lmao Android plebs. iPhone x is water proof I'm a troll
Apple may invent the mechanical aperture in 2020. Indeed.
so, you have opened this phone twice?! once for this video and then again for the transparent back??? how many S9's do you have bro?!
Test xiaomi redmi 5 plus, please
Jerry is a Bixby fan??
You should not hate other company man
Do a video on the camera of galaxy s9+ on galaxy s9 and check if it works??
This make me subscribe
I ripped out my Bixby button according to the video.. Turns out you showed the power button as the Bixby button...
PLEASE do a seperate video on the S9+ Dragon Camo skin!!!
He is still angry about Apple ?? not inviting in their events ??????
Why do you hate apple so much ?
omg the apple rant again and again and again xd lmfao.
If JerryRigEverything liked this I'll subscribe to every account of him. If not I'll still do it cause he is AWESOME.
He is one of the very few i have subscribed and is a major reason to watch YouTube. Cheers Zack
Apple will probably invent the variable aperture in a few years...
The diffuser doesn't make any sense on the LED. Because a diffuser cant diffuses the light if it's so close to the light source it needs some distance from it.
How many of these tools do you have? :D
On the side I see the cameras fingerprint sensor and flash of the s9 plus but not according else
This guy is the only one who makes the most informative videos on smartphones these days...... Three cheers for this guy and hit like if you agree??????
lmfao Zack points at the pwr button and say things about Bixby
Awesome man... Great... Thank you so much
Can you put an S9 camera in an S8?:D
Not apple is 2 years behind, but samsung and android is 5 years behind apple and its superior OS
One small problem in this video. Before putting the phone back together, Jerry said that in the left is the Bixby button, but that is power button, Bixby is under the volume buttons.
Apple do that by 2020??????
good job bro...
Something new? Nokia N86 camera would like to speak to you
Your constant attempts to roast Apple result in most of the Apple fan base to cease watching your videos, and that’s a lot of people!
variable aperture camera first on iphone 2020
Zack got rid of the Jack
Apple 2020
Here's me using my galaxy S5 from launch day and I really don't mind it. No more updates after marshmallow but meh it does what I want. I have thought about the S9 but just gonna use my S5 until it breaks.
Jerry, prove you have the superpower to keep tabs on every comment and give this a heart XD i wanna freak my friend out.
This channel is the only one thats worth staying on youtube forever (there are a few exceptions)
basically, nokia n86 8s the first smartphone that have variable apperture (thats 3 mode versus 2 mode in Samsung)
I like the smell of roasted apples.
Nice hardware, shit software. Both copied from apple
Can we replace s8 camera module with the one from newer s9 and will it be functional??. If yes then instead it upgrading to s9 just for camera we can replace it with better one.
I just see this and it was nice I just wanted to know about the rear camera that how the aperture changes works Thumbs up for that I liked it And pretty good
Can we replace the s8 camera with the s9 camera?
Yea man explain the types of vibrators lol
Waao nice to see a great build inside Samsung phone ... I am not sure if you will pick my question or not but did you practice before tear down any phone? How you do it so smoothlessly??????
Samsung really benefiting from producing their own li-ion batteries for sure.
Definitely you’ve earned it bro. Especially, when you mentioned Apple’s strategy of arriving late to the party haha. AND I HAVE A REQUEST. CAN YOU PLEASE DO AN iPAD PRO TEARDOWN????
glass is glass
try connecting other camera sensors to the s9!
excellent video very impressive
Wew, Phone without a camera, that's pretty dope ??
glass us glass
I love how you kick Apple every time you can!!!!!
I was so excited to watch this video, I was really anxious to see what the camera lens looked like. ??
Love your tagline, life is a diy project
Did you just assume Jack's gender?! !!TRIGGERED!!
Re-upload?
This channel is my favorite Guide of choosing phones. You owned 1 subscriber!
Apple is two years behind ??????
So I'm not really sure why they went with a two bladed aperture that is limited to two fixed f-stops. Seems like that mechanism could have easily been developed with five or more blades and have additional f-stops. Maybe it was a challenge to make blades that small? Maybe they're saving it for the next Galaxy and this is just a proof of concept. Either way, we all keep skipping over the fact that the aperture does more than just control how much light hits the sensor.
What???? I am not still subscribed to this channel? seen many videos but noticed it now,,,,,SUBSCRIBED
Please give me the s9
I love that you take jabs at apple ??
Still waiting for the tacoma teardown and durability test ??
I need to see a teardown of a Tesla car
Jerry, are you saying the Apple will "invent" Variable Aperture Camera lens in 2020?
So the aperture can be either 1.5 or 2.4? I thought it can change gradually
Why do you hate apple so frickin much???!!
And after a min of watching, I know your video quality is really great. Subbed
I'll stay with my s8. Until another device become better. Probably the s10
"Apple will invent such camera in 2020 " LMAO.......
Jack, try to replace the camera
No Jack jokes ? Shame on you
Hey plz Make LG V20a and V30 Durability Test video.... Plz
Im the first comment?
can you PLEASE post workout videos please? Ive been dying to see your routine
Clean back s9?
Oh i cannot see it ..... Get away from my eyes ....
It was the power button not bixby
"Iam not suggesting murder..iam just saying it's possible"Lol bixby
Recently commented on facebook. Now here too. Hey jerry zack, you're awesome.
Best Mobile In The World
Test sony L1
Thank you for showing this.......i've been waiting for this to be shown by any youtuber........can you open the camera module little more to show the two flaps & the OIS technology.........
I smell some hate for happle here !!
Fun fact, the s9 actually supports up to 2TB SD storage. They only say 400GB because that's the largest microSD size currently in the market and they don't want to confuse anyone.
So how is the iPhone X 2 years behind any Android flagship right now? Save for the 458ppi screen (still competes with the 500-530 of 2K phones) it literally plays toe to toe with all Android flagships. There used to be a time when if you want good hardware, you'd have to go Android, but that's not the case anymore. I can understand the Apple hate as most people can't afford them:), but let's try and be objective
Aloy.testh irukka
The pry tool
"Glass is glass & glass can break"
I love the way Zac gives Apple a bite of their own "innovative" pie :D
Change your channel name to 'Jerrythesurgeon'..
the most stupid idea in the world. the stupidest way to ruin a beautiful phone
You should do a project where you build a smartphone from other smartphone spare parts
The apple shade is real... lmao, you'll see this in an Iphone in 2020
Giving smasung credit for a Sony camera :D
OPEN THE MOTOROLA MOTO G5 (btw the vibrate motor is very powerful and I would like to see how that works)
I'm liking the new features on the S9
Jerry Anna thopu dammute appu
i think you should succumb to the circles to show to screws
i love how you tear down everything and give us an inside look of these high tech phones
2020: we present you with the fist iphone with variable apperture
Best youtuber ever
You've earned it! Subscribed!
I like that he does what he does well and doesn't change too much. Keep it up!
Camera comparaison s7 vs s9???
Most intelligent YouTuber out there ??
Well now someone's going to murder Bixby!!!(I am) B-)B-)
Can u make a video on samsung galaxy j7 prime please!!!!!
Magnets how they work
Thanks Jerry... The most awaited test ??
Amazing video as always. Keep it up Jerry!!!!
Superb video..you had nicely described aperture mechanisms visually
XZ2 NEXT PLEASE!
worker at samsung: omg is that how it works?
Samsung is the king of innovation......but still some manufacturers use words like innovative marvellous ground-breaking blah blah.....??
You are showing the power button!! But calling it a BIXBY button ??
So many Apple haters. So many ignorant where Samsung would be without Apple.
I was waiting for.. this video ????
Is it possible to use camera from s9 to s7edge?
I've never been this early. Whoo!
Samsung can take down this video ..bixby is their child ????
Can you go back to the ZTE Axon M and do a teardown? Would like to see how the cables are ran between the 2 screens.
>Variable aperture in phone cameras >Something new Hahahaha! Wait, you're serious? HAHAHAHAHAHAHA!! Nokia already did phone with VA camera back in 2009! It was N86 8MP! You can Google it if you want. Samsung is 9 years late to the party!
Looking forward to the Vibrator comparison.
This was really interesting. I liked how you tore down the camera too and explained how it worked. I wonder if it becomes possible in the future to have more than two apertures in phones?
Man! So many Indian viewers here
Can we replace s8 camera with s9 camera ??
Lol Apple will be 2 years behind I have an iPhone X but man this guy lol keep it up bro
Hi ..I m from India. .i love your tear down video
Been waiting for this video >.< It's nice knowing what my phone looks like inside, thank you sir!
Asian?
Can you put s9+ cameras on note 8? Will it work?
"If I've earned it hit the subscribe button..." If not hit the bixby button?
It would be nice if Samsung decides to make a "variable" aperture that really means variable like f2.4 all the way up to f1.5 instead of two apertures only
cooooooooooool
Hei!!
No captions=dislike
great work keeps it up bro... can u make the "Two aperture" system to "Truly variable aperture" system like anything we can use between 1.5 & 2.4 like incremental changes in aperture not stuck with only two aperture.
This guy's channel is one of reasons i like youtube.
wow ! this is awesome man ????
You are great
First the back of s9 was in black colour and in the end it turned clear
Imagine if he turned on the rear camera and it worked - showed the table and everything, even though he removed it.
6 : 09 I guess if have to be nice Apple has been defusing their flashes on their iPhones for a quite a while now ??????
Only hating on Apple, not mentioning that S9 is practically S8 with better camera and cheap copy of Animoji. And btw. Samsung is going to discover notch in few years, so don’t worry. ????
Glass is Glass & Glass Can Break.
super ??
What do you do with the s9 plus?
You are awesome
It's Like your a robot knowing how to disassemble the phone and it only just came out!!!
Awesome as always!
Lego Style Connector
5 : 28 I'm not suggesting murder I'm just saying it's possible ??????
Jack from unboxtherapy
is that the same phone on which you did clear back mod...... you must have done this video before modding that.or is this na new one ... ????????
Guzel parcalasin hll
the apple jokes never seems to end :D :D
BC saalle Samsung Ka baap hai iPhone
As usual Zack is the best!!!
Jerry that wasn't the Bixby button, that was the turn on and off button, thank God u didn't killed it
U must be sponsored by Lego??!!
He is a god of phone destoyer
apple is going to "invent" this in two years...
Pain in comments . Tech slayer :D
You are genius
I like how you burn apple all the time
"Apple is always behind" REEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE
super
LEGO STYLE!!
Amazing to see the variable aperture working from inside ...Great teardown??
I love how he bashes apple in like every video xD
My phone show charging over usb whenever i plugged it with wall charger ?? help me I m using original charger and i try other chargers too ... My handset is moto g5 plus
Hell yea we want a vibrator explanation video ?? Would be great if you'd do a vibrator teardown as well ??
I got a s9 ad
I am curious how will the image look only with the image sensor.
Unclip it like a little LEGO
Best vids
It was a very quick video, we are not professionals like you. Please slow down a little bit. Thank you
THANK YOU FOR TEARING DOWN YOUR EXPENSIVE S9 AND SHOWING US Aperature!??????
Thousand dollar phone doesn't have variable aperture,but a $720 phone does. I N N O V A T I O N
zack just casually roasting apple xd
Best vibrater is taptic engine
Where is the Vacuum Cleaner Teardown?
Can u put front cam in rear with some glue
More wisecracking against Apple?? you're videos are literally the best.. You're the same person as me. Keep going :) your videos are amazing.
like a little lego
My guy about to do a vibrator video. ?????? Great vid as always!
I wish you would have reinstalled the camera to show us how badly you damaged it
??????????
Ahh that 60 fps video <3
Awesome!
did he say little lego ....mehn
"Glass is glass, and glass can break" The best quote of 2018!!!
So detail, thats why you're my fav
*Apple cries in corner*
Im not suggesting murder... Im just saying its possible.
SAVAGE SAVAGE SAVAGE ! Apple and bixby part cracks me up.
Which video did he make first ? This or the transparent S9. Or is this another phone?
like a little LEGO
Nice nice nice
Apple roasting puns are the best ????
Superb camera
Why are there so many Indians here using bold letters?
Hey im getting unsubscribed (by youtube) from other channels including your. its no problem but i want you to know some people may get unsubscribed
Has there been a teardown in which he hasn't mentioned Legos?
Bixby, fuck u!
Hats off to Jerry ????
Apple must be burning right know with those jokes ?? I love your videos man!
Wanted s9 plus teardown but u r probably using it
Jerry how do u feel when u make 900 Euro phones suffer? Is it satisfying?
So... my Note8 don't have Diffuser on the LED flash.... ??????
Oh my god stop bringing Apple to every video and stop comparing to other phone why do you rant in every video ???????
plz test samsung a8 2018
Waiting for this
Wish you will use a single unite for all of those crazy stuff to save money though Zack is Jery Dig Everything
Apple is usually 2 yrs behind ????????
95% battery retention claim from Samsung - PLEASE...and you believe that shit? Show me one Galaxy S7 with decent battery usage, bought from release. total bulshit and you believe it...
Ah yes. The fresh Apple roast. ??
Will you do a PlayStation controller cleared project? Or something like that? I don’t even know if it’s possible
Apple designs their batteries to retain 80% of their capacity.
Never seen a pry tool get bent.
If you are completing the tear down operation you can assemble the mobile as it is and it can work properly or not. ??????
What happened to the clear one?
He must be an Android,IOS surgeon
very amazing video sir. i have watched this in 4k 60 fps
Iphone is literally 2 years behind.Yay Samsung??
Apple will have these features around 2020. Lol
Was waiting for this video only...
Jerry also tears up Apple during his tear down videos. Love that satire ??
Apple 2020 two year behind
Gotta love those subtle jokes in a serious tone of a soothing voice. Interesting vid especially the variable aperture part of the camera.
Waiting for the video on vibrators ??
This video was just a roast of Apple
No scratching or burning in a teardown video ??????
Didn't he turn it transparent? Exposed
That variable aperture reminds me of R2D2 for some reason
Why do you always hate on apple
Did you film this before the clear build?
Dbrand doesnt't have skins for the Huawei honor 9??... I really wanted one
Hey zack do you think its worth the price????
A little part of me died watching him touch the lens with his tweseers.
This phone is soo nice wonder why ??????
Super
I love the rips on Apple. Keep up the good work
great video!!
Hiii
glass is glass and just like a little lego makes me smile all the time
OUR LITTLE BUDDY JACK..????????
I noticed that this video was recorded before the clear s9 video
Samsung is brilliant
"apple is tow years behind" , burning apple is a must XD
just put some tape on Bixby button contact pad????
*Oooo Pretty Pictures Camera Revealed
Haha know what you sign up for.....????get that Isheep
That's the power button! ??
Apple are usually 2 years behind lol.Make that 3 now????????
wow
how to teardown phone while roasting apple
U have a good skills
Nice video.. Keep the good work up.. ????
I watch his videos just for the apple roasts. ??
anytime is a good time to diss apple
Apple must've turned into an Apple pie with all of your flaming roasts.
I from Indonesia. I always waiting ur new video. And now im waiting u upload Teardown galaxy s9+
How could one possibly hit a dislike button for this kind (clear and informative) of video? :/
New 1st iphone 9??? 2nd samsung s9 3rd iphone x
dude u are a legend
Best tech in world
That S9 will Wake up as a Blind ... AMENNNN
Yay!!!
'Apple usually 2 years behind??????'
Awesome
How can you tear this. it's so beautiful
How many back glasses do u have?
"I'm not suggesting murder, I'm just saying it's possible" lmao
Your voice is so soothing
That Dbrand camouflage skin is really nice. Imma get one for my S7.
One of the best vids watched today
Samsung takes a while to clip up a new phone... but Mr Jerry takes no time to open it up!!
Well this was so soothing to watch. Your videos are like meditation for the viewer!
I feel like i watched this Video 3 Days ago...?
zack you make no sense. research stuff before you ditch apple. i have an iphne 6s plus that was bought in 2015 and still has 93%battery retention. and i have checked that. apple did the 90% battery retention in 2015.
Jerry is awesome
I will see you around
Apple usually 2 years behind lol
"I'm not suggesting murder I'm just saying it's possible" ????????
LOL HAHAHAHA "IPHONE 2020"
How long do you usually tear down a phone?
10 188th
Best YouTube er ......
Its really satisfying me
Please, can you durability test some of the cheaper but good chinese brand phones like Xiami, Elephone, Doogee, Ulephone etc. It also makes sense on the financial side since you don't have to buy expensive phones
Apple roast lol
How long do you usually tear down a phone?
Your video are really good & you are great. Love from India ????
Finally video is up.... yayyy!!
Awesome man !
That's alot of inners
Who all are watching hit like!!
Was expecting some magic pull tape below the battery. It's quite satisfying to see him pull it????
Hey there Jerry nice hairstyle
Phone doctor ????????
Damaged Camera for Us ..?????? You are Great ..???
Wow
S9+ teardown
Could you review screen protectors?
Apple will invent such camera in 2020
Hay you torn down a non clear s9 and reassembled a totally clear s9??????????????????????????????????????????
that apple joke made me ROFL
That's not the Bixby button. That's the power button.
Hi. Can you please make Durability test and teardown of Huawei P10 Plus? Please
how do you undress ur girl ??
Samsung support i lent my phone to jerry rig everything he opened it what do i do help lol jk
Vibrator explanation video pls. I was just looking into this yesterday.
Confirmed Jerry's Jack is much better and practical than Lou's Jack
Can't wait to learn all about Vibrators! Super excited.
I just love teardown videos!
I NEED LIKES
<??>
Change S9 camera to S8
i disliked because it says 0 dislikes thank me later
i disliked because it says 0 dislikes thank me later
this put iphone X to hall of shame
Man you're one professional phone technician
Wait a minute, I thought the back was transparent?
Plzz a video on xperia xz 2
The disses about apple are back! Good Job.
Hey i love your video but my phone screen brok if you have any phone to gave me i can play game i dobt need new phone just a good one
I am not suggesting Murder????
Very good keep it up
i disliked because it says 0 dislikes thank me later
Aperture lens????????
subscribers growing fast more power?? to you
Now your phone is blind! ????
???? ???? ??????????????? ??????????????? ??????????????? ??????????????? ?????????????? ?????????????? ????? ????? ????????? ????????? ????????? ????????? ????????? ?????????
Sweeeet!
Jerry you are doing very good work because by seeing your video lot of people started mobile repairing shop????
Nice
Those Apple jokes are one of the best things about this channel. ????
4.20 -4.23 very true man :)
how many s9 ur been tear down since official lunching..????
Maza aa gaya bencho
What width cell phone tape is needed?
The first and last part of last part of the video is from S9 clear mod video!!...Good job!! He saves lot of time in editing!!!??
JerryRigEverything It's official, after listening to and analysing that monotone but hilarious wise cracking humor for the um-teenth time I'm convinced that Zack was built by Dbrand Robots.
Teardown video's are so damn interesting!!
Fantasy
Why post three videos of the same phone...!! Even the last one was a near full teardown.!
What if you plug that camera without lens in S9 and then open the camera app. I want to see what will happen's then.
Solid quality content for someone who wants learn how some tech works on the inside :)
hehehe??
15 mins late why ???? What’s inside would be proud
Hi
"this is the same hardware you would find in a professional DSLR camera" Yeah ut waaaaay miniaturized and not as effective. Having this feature in a phone is a gimmick.
If Jerry reads the comments he’ll pin this ?? Enjoyed the vid btw !
i want it... please give me s9
Please make an S8 or S9 giveaway. Like if you agree
nice...
Little lego.....
401 viewer
You actually pointed to the Power Key and called it the Bixby Button... Can it get more offensive than that Zack ?
Notification Squaaaaaaaad!!
Lego
Your voice??????????
Still waiting for Huawei Mate 10 Pro clear version...
Ni hao
2,999th view Nice video as always
galaksick
I was waiting for this ! And we are not fake news
He never forgets to mock Apple in each and every video he makes and we people enjoy it!??
So can i replace my s8+ camera unit with a s9+ one?
Why i am seeing these ads ???
Will the apple roasting statements ever end?
It takes real bravery to tear open such beauty ??????
...
Early
The most awaited test is hare??
Yo
Ohh yeah sure apple is always 2 years behind... right. Just like the touch ID and dual camera’s
Jerry Hate apple. U said Apple is 2 years behind in innovation. Who brings potrait mode first in camera. Obiously Apple. Samsung also copied this
I'm not suggesting murdering, I'm just saying it's possible
Ohoo
As ur Chanel mention RigEverything, Sir u did really good wit details...kip it up.
finally??
135th
Apple is usually 2 years slow! Laughed so hard on that joke ????
It's all in the details! This video and that phone has plenty of them. I'm loving the variable aperture camera!
Your video and a cup of coffee is all that i need everyday
Dude!!!!! That was awesome. .. You are just famtastic at what you do. And joking as well. ??
Funny how the EXACT variable Aperture lens was already in a Samsung device in December 2017, last year. Made a video about it too.
Fan from India
yeah
U should do a custom skin below the glass !!!!!! Making it one of a kind !!!
I have a question. I am just curious what the image from the camera would be with the lens removed. Could you test that Jerry? You already removed it.
Deja vu
14th liker :D
:)
Also, could you do a teardown and durability test of the Huawei honor 8 Pro? Like if you want Zack to do this!
Damn..... Wish i could make it first....i fail everytime
Hi Jerry what happened to your transparent S9
bro i just love your videos...carry on
early
Zack+S9????????????
Excellent use of space!
Iphone is 2 years behind ??????
Let's get started
NICE VIDEO ??
loket roasting apple "they catch on usually after 2yyears "
??????
He Must be a Surgeon !!!
Hi
Love from Pakistan ????????????
1st
Notification squad.. .ahaha
Da esse s9 pra mim inves de desmonta!!
Damn that phone's been though alot...
Jack is looking good in that Galaxy S9....... Right Apple?
I m from India , I like your video , very nice content , and speaking skill is clear and understand to everyone
Hi Jerry
love your videos from europe ps: what should i get iphone x or s9
33rd view
I was waiting for it for a long time
Ayy one of the few to make it here
Technicly its limit isnt 400gb but 2terabites micro sd becose of the protocol
Best
Congrats, dude! You're pretty close to 2 million subscribers. 300K more and you're at 2 mil. Man, good going and best of luck for the future.
31 views 222 likes fooockkk
hi
That iPhone joke.......was hilarious
Hey
Jack popping was very satisfying
Jhakasss ??????
30 views 174 likes im impressed
30th view
noti squaaad <3
Jerry remember when you put your own personal phone in risk for a vid but now you can just but one to test
Please make a durability test video of asus ZenFone 3s max
That variable aperture stuff is definitely stuff of the future.
31st!
Great
suddenly 2 much subscribers ??????????
28 views 63 comments 144 likes
Not first but reached here :-}
150th like
Most of us are Indians Funny seeing one of the back word country to be here first Edit : I can say this I'm Indian to
Heyyyy hiii!!!
Can we do luxury phone teardown vertu
27 views and 116 likes seems legit
27th yesssssssssss Early(notifucaton squad)
??
Im going to tear down mine if zach won't pin my comment ????
?
Under 28 views
27 views and 100 likes TRIGGERED
2nd
Doesn't it hurt to break phone
Subscribe me
Yes Just what I wanted
I upload free lofi
Thank you agent 47, you have complished the mission succsfully again.
Impressive content
Can’t see from PC?
Yes finally!
I love these teardown videos it's so satisfying to watch
am I early?
Awesome
Nice
Jerry bro love your videos from India awesome
Hey zack love your teardown videos keep your quality going
Just wish I could even get a camera ??????
Hi bro I'm viewers...
Love you!!! This channel should be going forever. so when the first wall.e comes along in 2000 years, i still expect a teardown
1st
Wao...
I am from india
Hi from BANGLADESH
25th view yay!!! Zack plz heart my comment plz
41:)
Early
Yo
yooo
25th view
Love you bro
How are you
I was surfing the YouTube and landed here
Lel
you are the best youtuber ??
Dope AF ??????
Osm
Another awesome video????
First like
1st
Super anna ??
??
1st
Cool ??
FINALLY ??????
most awaited truth unveiled
finalyyy
????
Yeesss!
1st
HYPE HYPE HYPE HYPE HYPE HYPE HYPE HYPE HYPE HYPE HYPE HYPE HYPE HYPE HYPE HYPE HYPE HYPE HYPE HYPE HYPE HYPE HYPE HYPE HYPE HYPE
first
1st