Liked before watching because your content is always amazing
i love the amount of people who do a double take to see what hes doing talking to a camera alone
I do not know. This example buys all color iPhone SE accessories. Do you have any questions?
How about samsung universal and type c side by side?
How doe’s this video have dislikes?
next make it run Android .....
Hi loved your video and i'd like to upgrade my Samsung Kzoom ( AkA S5 Zoom ) . I want to add some Rom and RAM and also 4G , could you give me some hints please ? Would highly appreciate since I wanna keep this "beast" of photophone ; thanks in advance BTW !
A video Idea for you You can try putting USB type-c In an iPhone
I think it does work just fine honestly its just you man handling the dam phone lol
?????????···????????????????????????```!
Wrong way got lost, he took the Wong wey.
I wonder if he ever loses his sense of direction? ?? 3:35
Hey furious Pete
you should have done this on the Iphone 7 you put a headphone jack in.
Face ID
if you have spacing issue would it be easier if you use styrofoam rather than foam to push the connector? because styrofoam is more rigid but not enough to break stuff if the thickness is right?
Apple HQ: "Guys, have the lawyers got anything on him yet???" Apple Minion: "Not yet master. But the lawyers work tirelessly."
Dude just buy an Android ha. Although then you wouldn't have a channel!
Can you please send me this guy's email who designed the PCB I have watched to add a larger NFC tag to a OnePlus 3 and would love to have one made if possible
your passion in modifying the phone made all your videos worth to watch
can u add plysical home button to iphone 8 or 7 if orignal button breaks
iphone 7 plus ??
this is why i dont like apple
You know, you could put pressure on Apple by install Android phone features on iPhone. Just to show to Apple that is never been engineering problem but management bullshit and we can fire them.
memag gile betul teknologi china
So is this wireless charging module only for Apple? Or is it possible to also use it for android phones?
Build ur own iPhone 7, add headphone jack, and add wireless charging
Podia ter legenda em todos os vídeos pois gostei muito do conteúdos!!!!
I see the benefits of learning how to do pretty much anything, and I praise your efforts. What I can't see, is, relative to the efforts of hacking the device, the difference between putting down a phone on a mat as opposed to inserting it in a plug. How about removable storage? removable battery? a better camera? that would be the iPhone everyone is dreaming of! Anyways... that was just me being me, keep it up, whatever the way, as long as you are having fun.
do i need to solder this to my logic board?
Next Challenge: Put super super amoled screen something that neither the iphone Xs has
I will be in shenzhen for the day, in a few months and want to take my old iphone 6 to get updated with more memory. You said at the end of the video there are repair shops where can wait while they do a job, Can you please tell me the address or name, or how to find a repair shop. Thanks alot
What is the name of the song in the intro?
yo the man broooo!
Honestly I don't even like iPhones, but I love watching your videos. You put so much work into these and I love them. Keep it up!
"how to add samsung features on iPhone" Kappa Good video as always :D
I love seeing people try to speak to one another when they speak different languages lol.
this is neat, but the wireless charging battery Mophie case is soooo much handier and and extra battery to boot, and protection for my 7
Any one notice football world cup match behind tv in 5:00.Ronaldo score hattrick in it
My electric toothbrush has had this technology for about 20 years now.
27:03 is that an iphone x LOL
Is there a chance to add for iPhone 6/6s?
Genrle bluegrass music is nice.
music is too loud. great otherwise
It says so much about a phone when people keep adding things that should have been there from the beginning.....
u need a better translator than that mechanic dude~ man~ and can u try to remove the NOTCH from new GEN iphone on your next project?
Hi, May i know is china provide wireless charging parts for iphone 6 ?
ip 3gs?
Hope you don’t go the Wong way...
Make iPhone X from scratch plz
Can you add a headphone jack to iPhone Xs max?
I appreciate your enthusiasm but before I’d do all that, I’ll just plug it in to charger
China is hope, China is the future
Now you have good team to make an awesome smart phone company.
Next challenge make your own iOS software and install it EDIT: Next challenge make your own software and install it on a/ your iPhone
waiting for "How We Created (Chinese)APPLE Company"
Apple HQ, Cupertino : HE'S BACK !!! SOUND THE ALARMMM !!! GET THOSE DRONES FLYING !!!
???????
iphone 5?!?! :P
How to install trash ColorOS - In China
Hey, does anyone know how I can get hold of the wireless charging part for the iPhone 7???
I saw a Xiaomi Power Bank :^)
Your Videos are awesome
Love the iron man with the glowing eyes.
Time for apple to go to china for engineering not cheap labour.
U look like a slimmed down Furious Pete, and u sound like him too. ????
Nice video. This video is not just about the wireless charging but the creativity behind the people and how the markets and the surrounding ecosystem. A wild wild EAST out there! Love the statement in one of your video - "the future is already here but just not evenly distributed!". Keep it up.
I cant even find screen replacement for iphone 5s and do it myself... But in China, they already has, not just each iphone part, but also a wireless charging pad for iphone.... ??
It's a 1A charger?
Oh look, the "iDealer" is back!!
Have you tried the camera?
Install audio jack in it also
You should have put it in your custom phone
what is the laptop that you're using
The thing about “wireless charging” is the way it is now it’s not actually wireless. The phone essentially has to make contact with the charging plate to work. Not only that but wireless charging actually costs more energy because some of the energy dissipates before it is absorbed by the receiver. This is true with the Tesla wireless charging as well. I’ve seen another video stating that the average car would via as much as the electricity in the average 3 bedroom house to fuel per month. The cost is one thing but all that energy loss is definitely not a good thing. That energy could easily be used for something else. If more people actually utilized this technology it would put massive unnecessary strain on the country’s electrical infrastructure. I’m just saying sure this tech is neat but it only exists because people are do dang lazy to simply plug in the phone.
love how you're able to just set aside the problems you find for the next day instead of banging your head throughout the night trying to solve it immediately. I would kms to solve it now rather than waiting, which would probably result in less productivity.
@strange part , Scotty you should think of producing your phone brand whit all freedom possible to modify .
What game are they playing at 18:36? It looks interesting.
iPhone With 4000mAh battery
Amazing !
Lmao 0:22 kid in the back flicks him off
50 megapixels camera on iPhone. go go go!
Dude,make a dual camera setup on iphone 6
Take a pair of quality headphones like the AT M50’s and add a W1 chip to them so we can use the seamless setup of AirPods with a quality sounding headphone.
Dude just buy a damn Galaxy. Every stupid mod you do already exists on the old ass Galaxy phones. Gave up on iPhones when the aux was removed, I have Bluetooth but I also love the plug. iPhone used the excuse to remove it to add battery life but you already proved the gap was filled with a plastic part
You play high tech lego
He's actually called one way
Nice video!, very surprising. What about if I need one?, Where can I buy it? Has a webpage to order it? Regards from Mexico City
iPhone 6s Plus?
Hahaha love your style you make mistakes and you "POWER ON THROUGH" you dont try to be anything else but a average guys trying to fix things up a bit and not making out your some kind of rocket scientist with attitude. Stay cool and would love to see some Samsung and other brand name works as i actually despise Apple.(sorry bout that outburst lol) Yes i subscribed...Peace
Hello sir, can you show how to do this on redmi note 3?
?????????~??
wow apple products dont have this ? sorry but androind phones have this for years ... really for years
Don't understand, why i need to buy iPhone for some $, buy wireless charger kit for $70 and do it myself, when i can just buy another phone with this function and many others, that not exist in iPhone. iPhone is not good choise for thos, who need all of this stuff.
I've been watching your videos scotty from the beginning and I'm hooked. I'm a slightly older geek but love your videos and the way you present them.keep up the good work and keep those videos coming.makes me want to go to the markets now even more than ever when I do eventually visit.
You need to make a video if possible, how to replace home button with Touch ID if it breaks or you break one while swapping it, and if it is possible to reprogram it to the motherboard you want to use it with
next put this in the one with a headphone jack
Iphone 7 with a headphone jack and wireless charging please :D
Next challenge: iPhone 7 camera on iPhone 6S or iPad
Apple was going to release this next year :/
Anyone else get to the part where the wireless charging worked and saw that you weren’t even half way through the video ????????
Can you please tell me the market's name and place Please
24:00 and you know why this is possible there? Because they dont give a fuck about copyright or Apple's restrictions. Do you need anymore evidence of why copyrights RESTRICTS creativity and engineering innovation than this?
Something I use a lot are IR blasters on smartphones but they are slowly disappearing. Can we see an IR blaster perhaps in an IPhone!
it's sad that in indonesia . i can't get the parts so i can't try this. :((
I got to say from watching your videos this is going to be my second. These sort of videos give me inspiration to further more take on more challenges like soldering iPhone logic boards and other electronics
is there any overheating during the charge?
SUGGESTION: Use a solder shield, I know you will have to improvise one. Then use this electrically conductive glue to coat to each land thinly ( https://www.ebay.com/p/Repair-UltraFire-Flashlight-Conductive-Glue-No-Heat-Solder-Soldering-18ml/1300453321?iid=302627500938&chn=ps ( https://www.ebay.com/p/Repair-UltraFire-Flashlight-Conductive-Glue-No-Heat-Solder-Soldering-18ml/1300453321?iid=302627500938&chn=ps ). You will still use the foam tape so that the glue will cure under tension.
I can find my comment
good
Some extreme Apple fanboy tried to tell me that Apple removed the headphone jack on the iPhone 7 to increase the size of the battery, among other reasons. Yet here you are, taking a iPhone 7, putting the headphone jack back, and even adding wireless charging. Apple fanboys can make some insane excuses for that company sometimes.
??????????
Hey Scotty! Why don't you start selling personalized phones???? I would buy a personalized phone from you!
How come he was talking through his phone translator at the beginning, then all of a sudden he speaks Chinese ?
Can’t we buy 7 plus version?
Ever thought about learn chinese properly??????
Please try to install type c port in iPhone !
You are getting better on Chinese!
APPLE CEO AND APPLE SECURITY IS LOOKIN FOR YOU! YOU ARE WANTED!
??? ??? ??? ???
i think there is a more reliable method , you should have tried , before installing the flex cable of the wireless charger , the connection points that is going to be touching on the main board should have beed cleaned , because there is always some residue on the solder that is on the mainbaord , and it will prevent the wireless charger connectors from connecting properly , or maybe you can just solder the whole thing its just 4 connections points , as i saw from your video , it needs some skills and fine tip solder , your microscope will definetally be a good help , if you did this at the begining , it could have been easier
apple should hire this man
how much is an iphone 7 over there that u just buy these things xd?
so geek
SP are my initials!!
Now all we need is a home button for the iPhone X
I think putting a sd card in it is way to hard a usb c is not that necessary what the iphone is really missing i the led notification like other Android phones
U have to put headphone jack in iPhone 10 your iPhone 7 headphone jack was amazing
do the same with the Galaxy S6 oh wait....
Can you add wireless charging to an iPhone 6 and a Galaxy S6 next? Like, take it a generation back? It would be really cool to see this feature on an older Samsung... oh wait...
What is that wireless charger at 36:30, can anyone help me?
you have a lot of wrinkles on your face cuz you make so many facial expressions lol.
If you ever sell a kit for the 7 plus let me know. Thanks! Very awesome add on! This is something I was hoping someone would do!
You should get some people , and get in the smartphone business .
Do you have wangweis we chat ?
samsung users can install this in 5 seconds
maybe use rubber instead of foam, rubber will keep constant compression over time.....
I am not sure if I missed this in your video but does that result in the phone loosing its water resistance rating?
Try putting a glass back on a 7
Once more on an iPhonexs, you will be cooked.
You'd think the foam would go on the connector before you slap the flex board and top connector on. This way the foam puts some spring on the flex board portion, so that there is a range of tightness on the closed connector that results in contact. With the foam outside the connector, it has to press it all the way down for good contact with the flex board.
Could you upgrade the screen of the new iphone xr into 1080p?
22:30 that is awesome!!!
I don't do phone repairs because they are so damn time consuming. PC guy here. Mad props to you, dude.
Help me my iPhone 5 screen refuses to break!
7:55 Them chinese people really thought they could get away with the pornhub intro
I love the close up shots when working on the phone, it's so neat!
I like to buy iphone 7 with custm wireless charging .
How can I found that guy from ho you bought refurbished iphone? ??
Now Huaqiangbei is only useful for foreigners, it is a right place for startups to buy samples to test.but for mass purchase, professional Shenzhen purchaser don't have courage to buy from there.
iPhones are 50% screw and 50% "innovation"
Make iphone Xs and let the actual cost out.... Too much of money apple cheating
when he walks down the street he turns heads
Hack you phone long time.
the wireless charger works in any phones? or just Iphone
Spoiler: Wireless charging would have fixed slot of issues with your headphone mod.
what do you do for living man
You should install a a headphone jack and and wireless charging
Add wireless charging to the Nintendo switch!!
They did just do the same apple did on the iphone 8?? Nothing special right?
They look al the same haha
But wait...install android on i phone ????
Idk if its just me but the Chinese guys seem so uninterested with you - obviously not the case but what it looks like to the untrained, Western Eye.
good video bro!!!
Why you don’t work at Apple
when i try fix my car with duck type after a wile i put more and more duck type
for $70??? crazy , it shouldnt cost more than $10...
I love you cuz you're never give up ?
just buy a receiver and it solves everthing
Is there on for the 7 plus?
I was expecting a summary at the end of the tips you gathered through all these trial and errors :(
Where is the installation video?
19 seconds in and the little girl in blue behind him throws the middle finger.
Try modding a s9+.....oh wait S9+ has it all
I want iPhone to have bootcamp and use Andriod OS. Please do that next!
Can you show me how to bypass icloud when i forget the apple id.............????
I notice everybody on the street is turning around and looking at you, why?
I wish if you are my dad hahaha
Next challenge: make it waterproof ??
name of tool used to remove screen?
just buy a phone with wireless charging easy
all this effort for an old phone just get new one like the x
Convert iPhone 7 display into infinity display
Can you install a Super AMOLED display on an IPhone 8 Plus??????????
Install fm radio in i phone
Can you plz make a video...what are the list of parts require to make Android phone?
What microscope he use?
You are so much better at socializing than Linus.
just buy an android phone and install ios,
Can you find a way to add touch screen to MacBooks?
Friend you sell me an iphone 6 or 7 and send it to Brazil?
I would love to see a video on all his tools that he uses.
Hi scotty, i have a doubt regarding the iphone built.can i use a clone iphone and the necessary parts in it and replace the motherboard with original? Hope u reply. ??
i have an idea, why not try to make a iphone case that have a wireless charging using the charging port.
the iphone, the only profitable commodity in china
has anyone ever told you, you look a lot like the dirty jobs guy lol
Convert iPhone to charge by USB c !
Next is make dual sim iPhone
Finally noticed some of the utility of the phone surgery tray - the matrix of depressions for screws and such - though might be nice to have broader, curved ones. The tool areas to encourage finding them quickly are handy. Thanks for another repair video and for taking us through the process - never give up when you know it can be done, learn how to adapt.
Is this kit avail for the 7Plus? or just the 7?
Can i find a place in shanghai to fix my iPod classic i have a broken ribbon clip
You should combine headphine jack and wireless charging
Well done!!! I really admire you enthusiasm and the motivation to do something. I can clearly see in your videos that when you are upto something it really makes you unsettled until you finally do it. For next why dont you add 512GB storage to you modified iphone 7. It will not only enhance the storage but will give you higher scores in performance benchmarks as well. Just for the record 512gb will only be working for iphone 7 and 7 plus.
I want free iPhone 7 wireless 128gb can
Plz try to make ur own AirPods like if u agree
Your on the bbc
Strange Parts? If Apple doesn't build it soon then is it possible that you can put a A10 Fusion chip in a iPad mini 4? by barrowing the parts from the 2018 iPad. : )
Can you try to do fast charging mod?
Everything Apple pro did the same thing. But didn’t have that many problems
Iphone 7 plus pretty please
Honestly, Scotty could just make videos of him talking with the chill background tracks from time to time and I would always watch...with headphones of course.
In INDIA we called this type of wireless charging system is """"""JUGAAD"""""....
Where do you get money for this awesome work??????
half of your success that you are in China ??????????
i ain't gonna lie I want to move to Shenzhen to buy vape stuff for cheap and dont have to vait a month for shipping
good !
can you make a universal one and sell it permanently a bit cheaper??
for iP6 please
Where do you upload your vids for the Chinese people? (They cannot use youtube)
Next add face ID to iPhone 7
Genius!
I want to know how to increase a phone 1gb ram Into 3gb or maybe 8gb of ram ??? Waiting for your reply
The other way it could have been done is to paste the charging device externally and adding a glass cover over it. you need not have opened the phone. the thickness would go up slightly though.
Dual sim on iphone
Waiting for iPhone 6s cases... ??
Can you make a nokia 3310 wireless charging?
lot of effort put into you videos, and it shows. Dropped a like for that!
challenge: do everything you did on the phones on a iphone x
I wonder if he is able to crack open an apple watch. And put a strange parts housing around it! As far as i know its almost impossible to get all applewatch internals out without damaging them. Sounds like a strange parts challenge! Like if u agree! ????
i want to buy your phone.. or make a new one for me..
Video quality goes up AGAIN! Love it Scotty! Keep up the amazing work :D
Can you build one phone for me .?
What are the chances of getting a kit for the iPhone SE? I understand it is likely the least popular phone and will be discontinued soon likely, and the small form-factor may present problems. But I would absolutely love to have it!!
I want to see him put in a better display onto an old phone
Aren’t there kits already for this? Like android has ones you plug into the charge port and bam it’s wireless charging
Removable Storage!!! It will make them look like the greedy pricks they are. They need to be put in place.
Come on guys so close to 1M subs
How do you not have 1 million subscribers yet?
Can you add a touch pen to iphone?
Was that one dudes name really ‘Wong wei’? Lmao
I mean he could just buy a wireless charging case and all his problems would be solved.
Once again an awesome video! Would love to see if the lightening port can be replaced with a USB-C connecter
Would you ever think about combing projects? like having a completely custom phone, with wireless charging, your etched backing, extra storage space, and a headphone jack?
what translator app do you use?
Next Challenge: Have two types of charging ports! Lightning(Apple) and Type C. I think that'd be quite interesting.
i really apreachaite your candor and your skills and shareing the moents u share :) keeps me going seeing your life
next b sd card slot n usb c
Why not use the mobile phone shell with wireless charging function instead?
are u selling a working iphone 7 or just the kit ?? plz reply
"I'll do it tomorrow."
When you see it at 5:01 drop a like
Can you make your own Macbook but with better hardware cheaper than the original?
Next challenge : put ip x camera on ip6
The best word to describe what you're doing is "mod" (short for modify). Not "hack". Modding is when you physically alter something to achieve a function or goal that would otherwise not be possible in it's original form. A "hack" is when you intentionally cheat an existing system without altering it to achieve a desired result that is otherwise not "supposed" to occur. So his product is a Mod, not a Hack.
in this series youre just making the most op iphone 6(not sure if 6 or 7)
iPhone 5s
Next challenge: Add IP67 water resistant
Hello, I like you videos specialy wenn you going out, to the market for parts for the phone.
I just hope scotty gifts me one of the wireless charging iphone.
Next challenge...... wait, just buy a Galaxy ??
Lost it at 32:53 lol wtf ??
after seeing his other videos of transforming his fone , m sure his fone is now having a gender crisis android or apple ??
GREAT JOB I JUST SAW YOU ON BBC NEWS!! Keep up the good work. Love your videos. And you have inspired me to learn about electrical engineering and computer hardware.
Apple must hate this guy! I challenge you to get iphone x without the notch ahahah Kidding!
i wanna do what you do man this is so interesting!!
Music please in 5:25 Can any one give me a name or a link please
16:51 thought me phone started to charge
5:00 i like how the world cup and ronaldo is in the background
i want the iphone!
Hi! I came from your iphone 7 headphone jack video and you said that it's pretty expensive to do videos like this, so I think you should set up a patreon! ok bye.
who else saw the game of Spain vs Portugal on the background TV?
love the amount of dedication put into his vids
Great man! You are really an inspiration for future generation.
Ok, iPhone backs do have layers. But do onions have layers?
Can you add Face ID to a iPhone 7?
Next Challenge : Put an Android logo
Can you set up a website where you sell parts for cheap
Can you do logic board giveaways for iPhone 7’s
So now include the headphone jack into that case and kit.
Try to change the display from Iphone X to Iphone 7. If it real
People are awesome, this is what technology is all about.
I'll send you the phone. So you can do it for me lol
Two Legends in a same place. We want more like this.
Please work on other phones not just iphones
Next challenge : Install bigger battery
Does it come with the iphone 7
Scotty, watching your videos is a wonderful reminder to me that things don't work the first time. Or necessarily the second. Or 50th. But they can work. Your videos act as a meditation for me on how things actually get done. Keep it at it!
strange part how about upgrade the iphone battery to 3000mh or more?
How did you learned Chinese?
Add an underscreen fingerprint scanner for X ????
Put headphone jack in Razer
can't get enough of the satisfying disassembling shots? 5:22 is where the tech porn begins! Excellent choice of music Scotty!
Pls add a fingerprint sensor on the apple logo in the back to an iphone x
give the seller contact details
How did this guy manage to put wireless charging and a headphone jack into an IPhone 7 but Apple can't even repair their own phones.
35:57 I saw that cut coming.
Hello, I have an idea for you, if you Know Redmi Note 5, a lot of people like this smartphone, but practically the only problem of this smartphone is that it doesn`t have a USB type C conector, so why not to change the micro USB conector to a USB type C conector?? I think that this would be a great idea. So guys, like this comment!!!! Pleaseeeeee
can you change the lighting port into usb c
What about iphone headphone jack and wireless charger? I wonder if you can add USB c on iphone
You should have used the iPhone 7 you added the headphone jack to
Omg u are on bbc!!!! Congrats
Dude you’re on bbc
Amazing!
Hey try to add a headphone jack to a GOOGLE PIXEL 2 XL ??
CAN YOU ADD A BETTER CAMERA TO AN IPHONE? That will be cool
CAN YOU ADD USB - C TO AN IPHONE??!! It’ll be a cool video
Yeah
I want to see u work on iPhone 10
imagine showing off to school with an iphone 7 thats has headphone jack, wireless charging, 3 cameras. you'd be banging girls left and right
Suggestion for future video: have multiple power cable compatibility, so u would have different charging ports. Then once thats done, all these modifications should go in one phone
You will make a lot of folks happy if you find a way to add a mic jack into a canon G7x Mark II camera. No one has been able to come up with a solution. It’s a great vlogging camera except for the missing mic jack. Help! ????
Great music, I found you listed the tracklist - thank you for that. Also good hand skills and interesting video.
Can you plug these Chinese phones into any plug, anywhere
a good guy
hey can we get the same for 7plus
??
Is there wireless charging for iphone 6plus
Can you make ordinary phone into modular phone??
666k views!
Next challenge unlock the NFC
Why not trying to make the iphones have access to sd card? And the cord to be accessible by using the android cord?
Apple should hire you
Bring back legacy ports to macbook
Next challenge plz try to add solar back panel charge on phone??
LOL He Was On BBC
Next Challenge. Install mini HDMI
Add a snapdragon 845 to an iphone
He only speak yah...you only speak Thank you in Chinese????
Try to install SD Card slot ;)
iPhone 7??home?????? ???????? ??????
You should try and make the Apple logo on the back of the iPhone into a home button/fingerprint censor.
?? ???????! ?? ?? ?? ??? ??? ????? ????? ???..?
Can I do this to an iPhone X and get double wireless charging
next challenge : add a second camera in the back of an iphone 7 and make it have depth of field
Does it work with 6s plus
Can you upgrade camera??
Actually building iPhones isn't that hard, a kid could do it
Does the hole you made have a clear cover?
PICK me to that place :V
Next put a VOOC charger??????????
Small tip: Its pronounced iPhone 10 not "EX" .
You should get like a iphone connector to a magnet, and then a cable to connect to that magnet, that should actualy work
Can you try to add a faster touch id to a iPhone 5s
Can you add Wireless charging AND a headphone jack onto a iPhone 7?
You fed it with a blood sacrifice, now it needs to work.
To be honest your videos are the most chilling video if ever scene. Normaly, with 40min videos i loose the patient or just get bored but your videos are pure art.
Possible to put a bezel less display on older iphone? And if so u can jailbreak it and get the iphone x features
BBC brought me here. Great channel bro! ???? reignited my curiosity.
What's your daily driver phone?
I'm currently thinking of getting an iPhone 6s or 7 refurb. But I can't really deside. The refurbished 6s is 310€ and a refurbished 7 is 410€ not are "grade A" what would be the best choice?
Next challenge: remove notch!
Your on BBC News
Your on BBC News
Your own BBC News
Your on BBC News
it is just an amazing place. this kind of tech and the possebilies are so good
What adhesive or processo you use to paste the screen back and ???? Please tell because I changed my screen but the adhesive I used doesn't stick the screen properly with the phone
OMG when you are setting up hey Siri, it activates my Siri lol
can you build your own hp computer stick?
The Liberals propaganda is infiltrating my mind. when he said a Chinese guy I automatically was thinking what part of that was racist. And I'm a freaking conservative what the hell man.
So you basically built an iphone 8 out of an iphone 7
Trial and error.
next thing install led notification light to an iphone
You look like connor mcgregor
How about having an app that allows android apps working.
Add fast charger on iPhone
Modify my shitty phone
You could just go and buy and iPhone 8
Add 2(or 3 if possible) headphone jacks on HTC U Ultra
Can you try adding internet to an iPod Nano, like wifi
Could you make a video about planned obsolescence? See if you can find parts that are specifically designed to only work for a certain period of time.
Can I ask what is his job? Is it from the revenue from youtube?
Apple is angry
Put iphone 8 camera to an iphone 6s
I like how he's like the center of everyone's attention while he's walking down the street??
I hope the next part is to Remove Notch from iPhone X
Nice! Can you customize my iphone 6 plus too? ??
can you start a smart phone company
Great content as always Scotty! Grats on getting interviewed by the BBC. Keep up the great work!
I would like to see if there is a way to integrate it with the headphone jack mod, sure custom pcb and a bit more complication, but would be awesome.
Why don't you make iPhone see display bezzel less or bigger than current one or increase it's rom
Your in bbc news
Hi
Make pc with a PS4 motherboard and connect it to a gtx 1080
How bout charging using the headphone jack.
Next challenge : make an iPhone 7 plus a dual SIM please
When did Furious Pete started doing tech videos?
70 USD?????? it costs 20USD in schenzen market, and with you can get it installed to you this is how western people make money
the outcome i got from this video is: takes ages to a considered "smart" western guy do a job that average chine guy does everyday
Liquid cooling in iPhone!! Especially the plus models
i like this videos but most of them just show people things that they will buy assembled.... because you have rather two options 1- you live in a place where there is someone to sell it done to you (probably just china) 2-you will never try it on your phone
Next challenge!!: Add a 120hz refresh rate display to any iPhone
he sounds like a typical sassy white girl during the 0:20 HAHA
You should get some sound absorbers so your voice doesn't echo so much around in your room.
I would wanna see it on a iPhone 4 ????
Hi Scotty I learnt a lot about the manufacturing know-how that the Chinese workers have to make an iPhone but I'm really curious to know if it is easy in China to create your own android phone or laptop ground up. Like is money all it takes to just throw in all the parts and make a good android phone?
Batery upgrade
If u live in China how do you get access to YOUTUBE? Or do u live in Taiwan?
Dude that was insane ‘ iPhone 7 on a whole crazy level. Much respect man
U should work in huawei then bro ????
I love this channel so much :D
Maybe there is a way to make 7th iphone screen ration bigger. Iphone 7 4.7 with iphone X screen like.
If you are affordable, could I ask something? My favorite iphone is 3GS, but it doesn't have any front camera. could you install the carmera in front of 3GS? If it's impossible, I'm gonna be okay. :)
Can you make reasonably priced good performance hackentosh?
in china in china in china in china hdscuibhasnjchuasnchine
What app are you using for translation?
Im sorry but the other guy did his job wtf, now its boring ????????????
you're an absolute unit if you think the whole apple android windows conversation is interesting at all, everything has it's place now, and because of that i tend to use all platforms. apple for convenience and workflow, android to test and develop apps, windows as a graphic workhorse. don't be one sided, be all sided. everything has a use
Where is all your stuff?
This is sick
Yeke is a genius tho
Bravo... Next target... Install USB/type C with vooc charging
is it possible to use this wireless charging thing on an iphone 6?
Love the videos but cannot stand this guys face or voice
can you build an apple watch?
Make the kit for 6s pls!!
Do it on Nokia brick ??????
Please can you install a home button on the iphone X!!!! Please can you install a home button on the iphone X!!!! Please can you install a home button on the iphone X!!!! Please can you install a home button on the iphone X!!!! Please can you install a home button on the iphone X!!!! Please can you install a home button on the iphone X!!!! ?????????????????????? Ps. I know it's technically challenging but I will buy the kit if it can be done. Also a headphone jack. ???????? thank you.
Can you increase it's battery capacity ?
How about running 2 iphone boards as a single op device like those dual socket motherboards.
Modders are always better than developers themselves whether if its a game or a phone or anything... ??
I absolutely love how the guy from the shop just casually opened up his phone to check out if wireless works, China is amazing ??
Is it possible to have led notification lights in any of the iphones like samsung or other brands have.
Make a glowing strange part logo for iPhone RGB
u doin it the wong way Cx
Good work getting on to the BBC! When i saw it, i was like... "I know that guy!!" Its weird the connection you feel you have with people on YouTube. Well done man.
you guys are genius !!!!
Scott just curious if you would be attempting to add a w1 chip to airpod clones. That would be quite a cool project
Convert lightning port to USB type c or micro, that would be interesting!!
All Designers to be employed in apple are in china
What’s the translator app you used with the guy who sold you the iPhone?
that is not hacking its called modding
You can really touch the techniques by your hands when visiting China, amazing video.
now that combined with the headphone jack... would be the ultimate iphone7
If possible.. Start doing some software and hardware modification.. By installing android on an iPhone x.. Replace the internals with pre-installed android rom.. It would be amazing :D
The classic YouTuber would split a video like that in multiple parts, but you don't and I REALLY appreciate that. They are like short documentaries.
The look the guy gives you at 2:48
thanks for the video! I like the way you edit your videos
I like how he adds his own commercial breaks in the video
Nice Job! Can someone give me the ID of the intro music pls, we can also hear at 5:25 I already try all the musics in the description but I can't find it...
why not try solder it
that look of 12 min 8 sec. LOL
I see in your video loctide 460 glue with a small needle. I'm looking for such a small needle, but I don't found this in the internet.
Does it fit to iPhone 6s/6s plus?
Pro Tip: Pass your local Apple store on the way to buy your Samsung
????????,???(=_=)
ahh China, where everything i own was probably made there.
Guys, why don't phones have smoke detectors? How many lives have been needlessly lost because phones don't have smoke detectors?! Do it for humanity!
Next challenge: Move the fingerprint sensor into the logo of an iPhone 7, 8 and one into the logo of the X.
Put an A11 processor chip on an older iPhone
Next challenge is put RGB lighting in iPhone speaker
Just saw the interview with the BBC reporter. U r a legend man. Keep the videos coming they are never boring and inspirational. Proving that if u put your mind to difficult challenges they can be solved. Well done.
30:10 Feels like there is tension now. he he!
Can we order stuff from Yeke?
Well done on getting to 2nd most watched on BBC news
Would you be able to pay them to do it for you? I would be too worried about messing it up.
Sir you’re a legend sir
Congratulations on getting on BBC News UK for the iPhone headphone Jack.
Were can I get the glass conversion kit to got your the iPhone 7 but for a 6s ? Please lol someone link
Thank you for recording and showing your failures! It's awesome to see your perseverance! Looking forward to more of your can-do attitude and more videos with Strange Parts.
If you could micro solder those pads to the corresponding pins on the charger port connector pins it wouldn’t move and stop charging. Great idea though!
Your videos are awesome man keep up the good work. ???
This guy is like a more tech savy m13
FEEDBACK: Given the detail in the modification and what I understand about how the connection itself is made, I'm surprised that there isn't a pre-cut foam border that adheres to the top of the ribbon cable for the wireless charging module. If it were made of a dense enough foam at an appropriate height, it would fit around the female connector on the logic board to help with setting up alignment and, most importantly, KEEPING alignment while providing even distribution of force on the cable that wouldn't require distortion of the male connector itself to cause potential damage or eventual loss of connection.
I've seen this on Ebay for about a year or so now, it comes with housings with a glass back already installed
Maybe next step - Stereo speakers?
Did you check if the touch ID on the new phone works
Why is your mouth open for every thumbnail, makes me feel some type of way.
Make a watercooled xperia z3+
Do white Samsung
Amazing job. Im amazed about your enthusiasm, inquisitiveness and perseverance making all this stuff. Keep going and most important do not leave video making behind. Its exciting what are you doing. Greetings from Latvia! P.S. whats the audio name at 5:25 - 6:36 :)
Upgrade 4 4s LTE support
What app do you use to translate?
apple, holding tech back 20 years or more.
designed in california. badly.. improved in china, greatly.
I love how he's such a smiling person. Even if i wasn't interrested by the content, i'd watch his videos just for his positive attitude :)
??!
next challenge: OLED Displaymod
China is going through a golden age. Can you imagine being a smart young man in China with access to cheap tooling components and intellectual property with barley any red tape! The US is a nanny State compared to them.
I love the modding and changing of a product you own
Man, you make me wanna fly to Shenzen to explore that market.. it's glorious
Finger scanner behind screen?
Ur a tech genius man.
That men it's a fucking Genius and he doesn't even know it
can't stand your face mate
This DIY spirit is worthy of praise, but I have used the iPhone 8 for almost a year and never used wireless charging. Because the current wireless charging is too slow.
apple could learn something here xD
Gotta be honest I kinda want to buy an Iphone just so I can learn and try to mod it like this... this is so amazing!
12:58 wtf 10:43 AM 8/28/2018
With all these modifications your doing, I'm surprised you haven't started your own phone company?
Next challenge: put together all your projects and create an iphone 7 with 128gb, 3.5mm jack, led logo and wireless charging!
Nice video! But what is that for Amp meter 33:40 ? That seems very complicated to install. My Motorola Nexus 6 have a broken MicroUSB connector but lucky enough it have wireless charging. I have been looking after a repair shop here in Malmö, Sweden that can fix it but no luck :/
Next challenge ad a 1080 ti to and a core i7
yeke's kung fu is greater than your ninja moves, it seems. ha ha ha!
your genius men.....
What abou to add Wireless charging into a Xiaomi Mi8?
Question : do you live in (i’m guessing) China?
The thing I really love about Scotty: He genuinely sounds excited to make videos. None of that "OH MY GOD GUYS" rubbish. Legitimate excitement. The key to YouTube. 00:30
All this work when you could have just said siri add wireless charging to my iPhone.
Another amazing and entertaining video. So much brain power in this video. When biohacking becomes a thing, I know you'll be first ??
Scotty install USB-C With Fast charging !
Where do you get your lightning connector wireless charging pad?
i wouldn't be surprised if this channel was secretly paid by the chinese tourism board or something like that, theres always lots of stuff showing off china
00:00 Have to speak like Yoda to get the most accurate translation.
You like technology but you don't have a Samsung..
Damn Those B-Rolls!
How about the headphone jack and the wireless charging in a iphone 7???
In China we call these ?????? (Huaqiangbei sorcery)
Maybe you can ask yeke to integrate the design into the ribbon cable or presoldered onto the ribbon cable, so that when we add that to our phone we just replace the whole ribbon cable wireless thing, which I think will not require that much technique to install. This is just my suggestion, hope it helps.
Add a SD card slot to any iPhone :)
8:46 "Lightning jack" 12:06 AM (yep) 8/28/2018
5:25 Why did I watch a minute and then second (70 seconds) long time-lapse montage of an iPhone being disassembled again?... 11:47 PM 8/27/2018
You should've worn a pair of rubber gloves.
This camera makes your head look really really big
WHAT THE HELL !!!! WHY ARE THEY MOVING SO FAST WITH TECHS!!! USA YOU ARE BEHIND !!!!
That guy responded: "Wow! Cool" Unless he is also an English speaker, how did he do that?
Ingenius. Scary to think of what Yeke could do with an engineering degree!
you actually the coolest!!!!!!!
I was replacing my wifes iphone screen when the phone started to get extremely hot, i managed to dc the screen from The battery when I noticed that a scree from the screen had pierced the battery. I was so worried it would blow up I ended up just chucking it in the bin. advice dont mess with electronics with batteries!
Chinese people are so cool ????????????
MORE FOREST, LESS BUSHES
How does it compare to a non wireless charging phone after an EMP?
These gentlemen are very clever. Apple should hire them.... :)
Incredible how comfortable the shop keepers are taking apart these phones and putting them back together. Very cool
You should make THE ultimate iPhone 7, headphone jack+wireless charging.
Please tell me the name of the song
Next chapter. A bigger battery capacity
wait do you live in china now or are on a realllly long vacation
iPhone 7 with headphone jack and wireless charger
Could you try and add the iPhone 7 home button to the iPhone 6s? I like the feel but don’t want to pay for the upgrade. Thanks!
I love this video. Such a neat little project, and I love the way you edit. I’ve done a few repairs on my own iPhones over the years but nothing on this level. I have some fun working on my 15-year-old BMW, fitting subtle features that appear “stock” to the naked eye but make it a little more bespoke and personal to me. Kinda similar I guess. Keep up the great work!
Put Android on iPhone
next challenge getting outta china before they abduct any 1 thats not chinese for concentration camps
Oh so you have to actually take the back off to do this hack cool.
Wow! Cool!
ain’t know one buying it and installing it without the problems you ran into ide really love one but don’t have $70 ?? like your videos as i’m in to iphones and taking them apart to ??????
Nice work! :D What kind of translation app you are using?
4:53 The microphone?... 1:42 PM 8/27/2018
Why risk messing up your phone when you could buy a mophie case that has a qi pad inside and can wirelessly charge your iPhone?
USB C
?????????
it is just so much fun and super interesting to watch you videos
20:55 what is the boiling water over the Buddah?? what does that do?
With my Samsung Galaxy s5 neo i only need to buy a different back plate. Actual smartphones are becoming every year more ... "stupid" for the use of basic functions (Apple Iphones in first places).
4:38 I wonder why he was pointing his phone away... 11:36 AM 8/27/2018
Get a plug in wireless pad that fits into your connector port and blam sorted ??
Why does everyone stare at you when you are Talking into the camera walking on the street?
Can you make a video how to make android phone would be interesting
adopt me sir
I FUCKING LOVE THE SLOMO B ROLL
Setup tour
Wireless Charging and minijack headphone connector inside one phone! and lighting logo back!!
wow this is cool! but ill stick with my 8 plus xd
Is it possible to add a USB C to a PS4 controller?
I love your videos. You are one of the most genuine people I've ever see and I love your enthusiasm for technology. A++
How do people still like iPhones? I’ve had two of them and I hated it. I love my iPad but I hate iPhones.
i‘ve made my own iphone6s wireless charging !Thank you! ???????iphone6s???????!???!
make IPhone with 2 sim cards
you should have used etched translucent glass.. it might look really awesome..
Seems like microsoldering the flex to the actual connector might be the most reliable way for those equipped to do it. Might give it a shot!
This video was too long. Halfway through it, I got hungry so I left it playing and went to the kitchen to fix my self a sandwich. But then I found out that I'm out of mayonnaise so I went to a store. There, I saw the most beautiful woman I have ever seen in my whole life. But I'm really a shy person so I took up a three-year personality development course so I can introduce my self. She was very friendly and all, but unfortunately, she has a boyfriend. So I said, all good, I'm a mature person. I want the best for her and I harbor no illusion that I am the best person for her and she seems happy with her boyfriend, so I did not bother her anymore. But we kept in touch and we became friends and I got over my crush on her. Then she broke up with her boyfriend, we drank some alcohol because of it, I told her she'll be fine and I wished her well. I still think she's the most beautiful woman in the world, but like I said, I am over my crush on her. It was like five years already when I first saw her. Besides, I am quiet happy with the friendship I developed with her. It was more important than a crush. So we kept hanging out, drinking, having coffee, and all. I had a girlfriend, she started dating other guys. My girlfriend wants to live some other life without me in it, so I said, okay, I want the best for you and I want you to pursue your happiness. My lady friend and I drank alcohol about it, and she gave me the same advice I gave her when she was in that position and I became okay with the breakup immediately. But we were really drunk, so she spent the night in my apartment. I only have one bed, so you know what that means: She took the bed and I slept on the couch. But on the couch, I really can't sleep. Something was bothering me. So I tossed and turned for about three hours, then I finally can't take it anymore, I stood up and went straight to my room where she's sleeping. I approached the bed, gently sat on it and I reached for her shoulder to pull her closer to me. She stirred and woke up. She asked what's up. I told her, you know, the first time I saw you, I was watching a video and left it playing to get my self a sandwich then went to the store to get some mayo then I got distracted by life that I forgot to finish the video. She said, you know what, I've been wondering about a weird noise in your night drawer. So we opened that drawer, and lo and behold, there's my phone and this video still has two minutes of play time on it.
?????!
That's nice ??????????
I know that you wanna do these upgrades to the iPhone because of views and because its fun, I agree. but have you heard of Android Phones?
Wireless charging is garbage and inefficient anyway. People should just buy a decent charging cable, they'll save money and their phones will charge faster.
Next challenge: Install MicroSD Slot, pleaseeeeeeeeeeeeeee
Wrong Way. for me personally I would love to see someone mod a way to add widgets to an iPhone home screen.
M O R E F O A M T A P E!!!!! But seriously great video, keep up the great work :)
how much you spend money for this project?
how about soldering the pads to the flex cable. may be with a heat gun and some soldering paste if necessary. iphone is not my thing. sorry! But YOU ARE AWESOME
please bring back Framed Headphone Jack Circuit Board. I want one for my office
Yeke, Scotty, brilliant. I was willing it to work by the end. Great story, great tech, great outcome. Congratulations.
challange, install vga port in i phone for pc monitor
Yeke do u love me?
iPhone 8? Who needs that garbage? Get your iPhone wireless charging yourself
Micro SD in an IPhone
heads up... :D https://www.redmondpie.com/hacker-manages-to-add-wireless-charging-to-iphone-7-video/
Next try adding a SD card slot to an iPhone
Remove the notch from iPhone X
It’s iPhone Ten, not iPhone X 19:54
27:00 what is she doing?
Iphone X with Touch ID
3:43 YEAH, YEAH, YEAH
can yeke add the rgb on the iphone logo ? like if you want rgb on the iphone logo
Yeke should be offerd a job in apple or samsung, he is amazing!
but can you water proof it??
honestly, being able to communicate with other people with different languages with a good working translator in your pocket, thats pretty amazing these days.
funny thing is my Galaxy s6 from 2015 has wireless charging. also nfc, a 1440p screen with 575ppi, Android 7, a heartbeat sensor, and fast charging, an octa core processor, 3gb of ram, a 3.5mm Jack and is factory gsm unlocked. yet this iPhone is no where near it. apple needs to step up their game
Try installing the fingerprint sensor on the iPhone X. It's hard to get it working both software and hardware wise, but I'm confident you can do it.
next is, do it all you did to your current iphone project to 1st gen iphone. see if they still have it...
and next chalenge intaling fingerprint on under screen...
can u instaling dual camera, on your iphone?
you know there are usb pads that have a pass through right they plug into the charging port and stick onto the phone like a sticker and if they have a pass though they allow the standard cord to be plugged in also
he is so HOT
how many phones do you have, if I may ask?
Excuse me!!! I have a question? You have iPhone 6s Wireless Charging Kit? Thanks
is it safe to use?
Thanks for sharing this man! Always looking forward for your videos.
Finally...??
iPhone 7 with headphone jack and wireless charging... And bright apple logo, That would be sick !!
hello since a long time I have been following your channel and the truth I congratulate you for your achievements and you have inspired not to give up thanks
What a nice video,You are an inspiration !
Can someone tell me what app he used at the begging of the video to translate via voice ?? Thanks !!
An Engineery Student Over here, Greetings From El Salvador!! I like your vids man xD
This is a Cyberpunk dystopian world just embrace it
Next up: Remove the wireless charging from iPhone 8
could you hot air rework it so to just predominantly attach the wireless charger to that socket?
13:36 what's the music?
i want one for 6
great videos! worth the waiting
The red and black is pretty slick looking.
next project : install ios on an android phone
This guy is the perfect mix between Tavarish and Cody's Lab
Your dedication and persistance is just unbelievable. The help and pacience that Yeke has given to you is awsome.
What translator do you use?
Lol I got a wireless charger commercial ??????
Get you a samsung note 9 ,stupid iphone phones makes you crazy
this mufugga lookin like 2000s justin timberlake been on a fastfood benge
Next challenge: wireless charging, light up logo, headphone jack and usb type c on an iphone 7
I generally don't like or have any interest what so ever in apple products, but the head first diy approach you have in these add-ons, mids, and hacks on these products is amazing.Those Shen Zehn markets are definitely something I would like to see some day .
What about a double sided connector? So you don't have that pressure problem. One connector on the top, and one at the bottom of the wireless flex-print. But eventually the metal plate doesn't fit anymore...
Would the connector method work to add headphone jack?
What would be soooooo cool is if you made an iPhone X but without the notch, I'd rather have no Face ID and no notch!
Now make an iPhone 7 with wireless charging AND a headphone jack AND USB-C AND an OLED screen :D
Initial guess is that the pcb paths or connection tabs can not/ are not made thick enough to easily carry a full charging current.
Please do a iPhone 4 with Wireless charging
Dont need to attach a wireless adapter when you have one already on a samsung
Might not be a bad idea to send a kit to Louis Rossmann and see how well he fares at installing it. He is definitely experienced and would be a good measure of the difficulty.
I made my phone wireless for 1,50 euro
I want to see dual sim iphone but i think that might be impossible . because of software as well .....!
Is't possible to install the camera of an iPhone 7 P on a normal iPhone 7?
I would to see you make a normal iphone 7 into a completely waterproof iphone (ip68)
But they actually have that now on the iPhone 8 and 10
What's that green sign on all of the steps of the stairs say?
Very interesting video I’m so glad it popped up in my recommendation makes me want to start modifying my iPhone but I’ll probably wait until I can afford another iPhone just Incase I screw up ??
or you know just buy a driod because their not 4 years behind in phone tech like apple
Hey here is an idea: You have heard of the apple watch, now on this watch is what they call a "secret" port, it is not secret any more because a lot of people know about it. I also saw iBus tools online, what can you actually do with this port? Might be interesting to find out if it has some sort of backdoor option.
This guy makes iPhone feel like cheap smartphones only it's not. Great video as always.
Love the content you're putting up, always great editing & I love that you even have some b-roll! Also you're not far from 1M 0_0
Why not Bootcamp?
That's one hell of bloody iPhone ????
i love what you do and all of that, but sometimes things can get pricey. How can i do something similar to what you do, have lots of room of doing whatever i want and most importantly being cheap enough so that if you fail or break something you wont lose $100?
Challange : put a laser beam near led flash light.
Really cool vid as always ! I wish i lived in china so i could go to those markets and just buy random stuff and frankenstein my phone and other stuff ;) Keep up the great work and great vids! Edit: i just bought a htc one m9... i know i'm late in the game, but it has infrared beam on the top to use as a remote... Is that something you can do on an iphone? I've seen those infrared jack (3.5mm) plugs that can turn your "average" phone into a remote. You can get them for iphones also. Iphone with 3.5 jack, wireless charging, and infrared? hehehe
Or get an android... just sayin. Seriously though I enjoy watching your vids.
iPhone 6s please! i need it badly.
The video stabilisation on this makes me sick
39 minutes... Completely worth it, so hard to see such quality content here on YT! What I most like is that you don't simply show what you did but also the effort you put into making that work, and that's amazing :D
For someone who has lived in China for a while, your Chinese sucks!
Why not tin the pads on the charger? And worst case, couldn't you just precisely heat the flex with an SMT soldering iron and eliminate the pressure fit issue altogether? Just my two cents.
is that 5w wireless charge or 10w?
Watching this, i was thinking, why bother installing wireless charging on such old phones? then i noticed ONLY the latest iPhones have wireless charging, while my Samsung Galaxy S6 had wireless charging back in 2015! Apple really is late to the game on some stuff... Good video however!
Scotty: Okay. So, Uhm, I'm here with Chinese Guy: Yea Scotty: And you have seen my videos before? Chinese Guy: Yea Scotty: So, you only speak a little bit of english? Chinese Guy: Yea
Apple will invent this technology on their next flagship
I cringed when you cut your finger....
Strange parts is a sell out he makes ads about how asia has everything
I wish you worked for Apple. Our phones would have all the cool shit androids do if that was the case.
Meanwhile at the Apple HQ: Guys!!.... He is at it again!!
There is only one thing left... user-replaceable 3rd-party battery, will need new back design and a sturdy redesign of the cavity where the battery lives... will also need a warehouse full of batteries coz I would guess demand would be huge (especially after "performance-gate")
It's not a proper electronics project until you slice or burn yourself somehow.
That guy is great! and cute
That guy was on spot! Thanks for all the time you put into the videos
Wow tried this and broke my iPhone X... thanks d bag
IPad the next time
Awsome! Next, you should try: make Airpods using Earpods. No one done this before.
Can you get a PS4 Pro in there?
Uh that’s a iPhone six not seven it’s rose gold ???????
My iphone 6s Plus mic doesnt work on video calls (fb messenger, imo etc)....it works normally on regular calls....any idea anyone how to solve this issue
So many spudgers
Awesome project! Well done!!
This is so cool! You have to replace an iPhone screen into an OLED display for the next video. Goodluck!
Yeke is very nice. If someone was on Yeke place, he may not be willing to share every details with you.
Please please: Install Custom Android Rom on iPhone!
Please please: Install Custom Android Rom on iPhone!
Next Challenge: Add 5000mah battery into an iphone.
5:25 Music? Anyone??
Next project make a iphone with graphics card
from a chinese person... whenever they whip out a calculator they are just typing bs trying to look the part and charging you extra
FINALLY SOMEONE WHO DID IT PROPERLY! None of that external charging pad that plugs into the lighting port BS.
Watching you is better than watching movies, thank you for this adventure.
AWESOME as always.
Love it please sell a 6s version
Does this guy live in China
Awesome work, I'm pretty impressed especially Head phone jack(3.5) install video.
Next challenge: coffee iPhone
WHERE IS YOUR TV ? :D :D
whats the point of the iPhone 7 headphone jack if you can not charge and listen music with headphones at the same time so can you make both work at the same time
Its weird how the apple company didnt banned your channel
epic
NEXT CHALLENGE PUT NFC ON A PHONE
The stabilization is fucked up; buy a gimbal Scotty.
Would have loved to see this done to a IPhone 4 ????
That is awesome man inprsove
uh just buy an iPhone 8 or above and get wireless charging lol
This one of the best video so far.
You took this phone apart and then rebuilt it from scratch. You have the patience of an old Chinese man. I cannot believe that you have also the patience to wait until you're rested again
32:51 D E M O N E T I Z E D
another great video..keep posting..and God bless you..
Iris Scanner in Iphone 7
???????? ?H??G??G ?? ??Ð?????? (??????G) ??Ð ???? 5G ?? ???? ? ???? ?? ??Ð?????? (??????G) H?? ???? H???? ??? ???? ß? ?? 5-10 ???. ?H?? ???? ß????? ??? ?????Ð.
Please do a battery upgrade on an iPhone
I just buy a $15 magnetic case + wireless charging pad for my iphone 7. Problem solved
Question really is how much will you ask for if we send you are phones to do it with parts or pay for parts
Wow
some one is going to get rich
?????
Why not solder the wireless charging cable to the flex connector?
What app was used so you could speak to each other?
When your an Apple fan boy but the features is not enough.
Did you check if your e-compass still works after the rework? my experience in doing that with an external flex plugged on a Note4 was that the solenoid was perturbating the hall effect sensor and the e-compass so the phone was locked like the flip cover was on and the e-compass was just lost.
He did impossible things
It's back packer in china and In Philippines we call that buy and sell, ??
Next challenge: Buy micro-soldering tools and stop pushing stuff in with your fingers!
Yea.
Can you do the same for the Pixel 2XL
Ever heard of the palm pre? You could prob buy just the wireless charging back cover and steal the internals from that
???
You're awesome. What you do here it's so inspiring. The interview was really good. I believe all this effort is really worth it. Congrats!
hey, bro, you should take a bath & change your clothes if you want your work done quickly because by bathing & changing your clothes the body becomes clean and the mind becomes fresh..Lol.Good Job very inspiration not because you rarely bathe & don't change clothes but Make wireless charging to iphone...hahahahha
Ok I will subscribe because it looks like you have some interesting content but I am not a fan of the iPhone maybe you could tackle some other phones.
This channel has gotten me bitten by the tech bug. I want to start modding and working on my own tech now.
I'd enjoy older iphones honestly. Like the 4 or 5.
Ha I like you make a video about to change on iPhone 6s or 7 plus lightning port to type c and increase the RAM to the max 4 GB or 8 GB Ram and increased the storage max 512 GB
hi bro
16:09 What kind of precision screwdrivers are those? They look more comfortable than the ifixit driver.
@Strange Parts can you try putting iPhone 7 battery in iPhone 6s
70 dollars -.- lol
Pls more ads
You rock Scotty!
Great video - Really like the look of the screwdrivers you are using too
PLEASE DO THIS WITH AN IPHONE 4
Been so long since you posted I thought maybe the Chinese caught and ate you.
Wish i was patience as you are
This is awesome, but at the same time I'd never attempt it. Hope the target audience for these do well with it though, I've owned 3 wireless capable phones and they are mad cool :)
I dont even like iOS devices but your videos are always very interesting
Haha all the people in the background when he's vlogging look confused
Next Try to Install 2080 Ti . For more smooth graphics .
Just buy a better phone iDiot
I love these long videos,keep up the good work
make things easy... design a charge port that has wireless charging module pre soldered onto it no issues with lining up things and can use the line from cable without having to use legs on fpc connector Simple
NFC possibility?
Please do a video on your perfect jailbroken iPhone.
Install Android on it!
U deserve ALOT more subscribers!
Your videos just keep getting better and better! ??
Yeke is a cool dude tbh
Maybe try putting the wireless charging on the back on the lighting port? Like where the pins come into the phone connect it there instead of the flex cable jack or make a lighting port with the wireless charging already installed, or make a flex cable and have the wireless charging connected to it so you dont have to worry about aligning it properly
22:29 is that Dj Sona ?
Dang that chick was hella rough with those Flex cables they very fragile
What tools do you use because you do a lot of iPhone stuff and you always have good tools
Your videos are always edited hella good !! They always look hella smooth
is amazing
Say anything 'bout the Chinese, the fact is, they are tech junkies, blows Japan out of the waters. Japan is slipping behind...
Why u don't try to turn an iPhone 7 into iPhone x
Try to put it into a iphone 8 back housing
That was my main concern. How reliable a pressure fit mechanical conenction would hold up over time. A few drops and bumps could easily sever the connection between native flex and aftermarket flex. What would make this hack more robust would be soldered connections. However, the DIY difficulty factor increases an order of magnitude greater than that of a simple press fit connection.
I don’t know why people dislike video! Can any of the 250 people explain to me?
Can you please make different facial expression on next video preview?
This video is so cool I got goosebumps watching it. Yeke's a genius
add another sim card in iPhone 7
there will be blood
I worked at asus for a few years all my chinese friends gave me shit about my big hands , im guessing people give him a bit of shit too lol, never really had any issues but it was always funny
how about 2x battery ? put 2battery on your phone with new THICC coustom case
Dual cam in iphone 6 pls
With how how much it would cost to get a plane ticket to China to get wireless charging I could just get a new phone with it
What an intelligent humble young man. I have been to China on business so many times. Yeke sort of reminds me of the smart and hard-working people that I met during that time. They've got great potential in many ways and they do deserve more resources.
You make awesome vids!
It would be cool if he did an iPhone 6S with the headphone jack and change the lighting cable with usb c then add wireless charging
I absolutely love these videos. Not only do you get to see the tech parts, but you also get a look into the Chinese culture.
New apartment? Since kinda clean
I hope videos like these keep that arrogant asshat Phil Schiller up at night.
this looks terrifying
Awesome video as always, love to see those clever Chinese people. Would love to see more videos, maybe build your own 3d printer from parts from the market kept up the good work and cant wait to see what you do next..
a melody beginning in 5:25 ?please
i love your bag. can you tell me brandname ?
Update 2 camera iphone 6s
Can you put a DSLR camera on an iPhone ?
china number one!
Yeah Yeah Yeah
Next: Adding in-display fingerprint scanner
Next up: How we added Face ID to an iPhone - in China
What does the strange parts logo represent? It looks like the Bluetooth logo.
We need a video on how to get the Apple Pencil to work with an iPad Air 2. I shouldn’t have to upgrade when I already own both just because Apple wants money. Have I not give them ENOUGH!
change camera
Please ask your friend to try and design one for the oneplus 6
You are using Gimbal while vlogging??
No risk of changing the antenna RF field with a non-metallic backside? I am thinking of the SAR value and the certification for that.
kirim ke indonesia,,,saya mau satu yang seperti itu... ??
Name of music
this guy is so canadian
dude stop popping on my recommendation list .... I hate iphone, it's a stupid company with stupid OS and rips consumer's cash. good for this guy who manages to fuck around apple's brainwash but we non apple user are way ahead of monkeys just learning to walk.
Next challenge - add infra red to control home appliances
my social anxiety gets worse and worse the more I watch you walking with a selfie stick in China, all those people turning their heads around
Can you it be done to an iphone 6s?
You look like Chris Pratt man, xD
next challenge: Frontal fash
Great video! How about adding all the modifications you have done until now plus a few future ones into one single device as a "final" challenge? ;)
Greetings from Norway!
You are a programmer right Did you try to create Custom frameware for iPhone it will be Awesome like LineageOS for android
I always wonder what if you put a iphone 6s screen into a iphone 6 will it support the 3d touch?
Should of do that on the one that you add headphone jack
You are a genius
The Chinese, the ultimate in Improvise. Adapt. Overcome.
I life in the netherlands and i am a begginer in slodering and rebbaling stuf so my question is Where can i find icloud blocked motherboards for learning greatings from riccardo
You can also buy a kidney or a liver in China
You have a lot of money, why not just buy an iPhone X? These DIY thing is for the poor!
Start @ 37 min
Hey there As I see that the cable just touched together without welding So if you drop your phone much times.Will it still connect together tightly?
why is the title saying "we" added wireless... who is we?
I understand nothing at all but , have no idea why still watchin this vid.
Can you make your own galaxy s8 phone
Omg ur amazing
That seems like an induction coil type issue. Try plugging in a really short cable and see what happens. i.e cut it really short. Then cut the cable off completely and test again just with the plug. That should help tell you whether its the plug or the cable length that is effecting charging.
Very cool, but can you make an iPhone with a Snapdragon 845? :D
Put a headphone jack in it
I love it, you are creating awesome videos each time!
Every time Strange Parts makes a video about an Iphone - Apple cringes. Between the headphone jack and this - this really shows how much they slack. It's one thing for the OneMinus 6 to be a sad, little toy that has nothing going for it, it could make the phone less useful, more expensive and yet save on wireless charging... But it's a totally different when you shit costs 800$+.
Never liked the Iphone bud still i love your videos
I want to see if you can add a notch to iPhone 7 and battery capacity
wow this is so cool....
Next replace the LCD panel with AMOLED planel
Next challenge: Add flexing audio and touch ICs to a samsung!
Add a damm back button like android phones please
Here is a challenge... user replaceable batteries.
When you think you've added enough pve foam, add more foam. Great work man. Keep up the learning.
Amazing, Good Sir... Which app is used for live translation Chinese to English in interview
Ive watched a buzzillion screen protectors being installed and cant do it. Needs asian fingers! ~ Im naming it the REDBACK SPIDER
In China tea in Australia beer ??
I love your passion for this.
Louis Rossmann anybody?!
How about charging efficency?
Just wanted to say thank you so much for making these videos. They show a really cool perspective on China that I honestly find inspiring. It’s almost like how Anthony Bourdain’s Parts Unknown want really entirely about the food, it was about using food as a gateway to learning more about different cultures. I also really enjoy how honest and humble you seem, and how respectful you are to everyone you interact with.
Make the ultimate iphone 7!
Please add an usb c
i bet someday apple will pay a significant amount of money someday to hire you !!!!
Next challenge: adding a headphone jack to the wireless charging iphone 7
Next challenge is dual Sim card in a iPhone if it's possible
I think you put too many promotions on that video
Next video you should add an spen like product to the iPhone and have it slide in.
He went the Wong way
You're a really respectful guy. It makes the whole experience a lot more interesting to watch. I'm subscribing right now.
Your video was very educational and informative. However you make me appreciate my Note 8, with all the functionality you've had to add to your iphone, you still fall far short on the features you can get on a Note 8. You will always have the last laugh however because you have nearly 900k subs, that certainly pays off in the end.
wow,it's really cool things! Respect
You translate your message and show off the translated message to the Chinese guy and his response was "wow... cool..." the Chinese guy has translator built in his throat... wow... cool... jk :))
Some excellent music choices
This video is another interesting by adding wireless charger in iphone wow
your debuging skill is really impressing
Never understood wireless charging. Why use it if you have the pad to put it on. It's the same way stationary like a cable.
Another amazing video! ???? Love your content mate, it's relaxing to watch.
A sd card reader would be cool I feel that is the one thing iphones are missing
Just buy an Android phone = 1000000x easier
I think it would awesome to make one for an iphone 5c because it already has a plastic body.
This was so much more than I was expecting!! such a great video thank you :):)
Haung Wei (sorry for misspelling your name bro!) is super nice man!
2013: niggas I built my own PC 2019: Built my own Iphone
Good job!
i put wireless charging in my DS. thats how cool i am
id love to meet you, i litterally love your smile it makes me really happy! gettin them positive vibes when you smile and i love your vid and u just recived a new sub because u deserve it, #gettingTo1000000subs
It still amazes me how professional these guys are sometimes. The fact that they're picking apart iPhones, and even using their own for testing, just shows how much of a second nature this job is for them.
This man is motivating me to go to china ??
I don't know how to do DIY iphone wireless charger.
Yeah
Try Charge with Some Case.
It's just an IPhone, leave it, forget it, go forward, let's improve, dare to live... seriously, you are much more than this. Millions will hate me for this comment, they also will improve, just a little bit later. I am patient.
Love these videos!
Next challenge , Install 2 camaras in a iPhone 7
why don't you try learning chinese finally?
very good ..... now i wonder what will happen if we ditched the whole idea of forming the back of the phone from glass nor aluminium either and bulid it from copper what will happen ... this will give us a unibody and hard one two ... also don't forgot the wireless charging capability
bruh you want 70 dollars for that kit wtf
I'm so happy that you had upload a new video!
Nicely done!
u r amazing duuude <3
Relying on solder pads touching a flex PCB isn't super smart, it's super flaky when it comes to long term reliability.
Another great video, thanks for sharing your efforts and the local scene. I love seeing the locals and the local markets, streets.
Hello Strange Parts, I love you sooo muchh <3 I am yours biggest fan, Greetings from Czech Republic
i love this and really want to do it, will the kit work on an iPhone 6s?
R u Magneto ? ... by #ambedkartist
Another classic Strange Parts video! Love your style as as well as the cultural aspects you always include!
Do you have the link of the QR code - the video you watched?
Lets do this tomorrow ... Goes to the market? That's a fun way to pass time I guess! :-P
I bet it would be nearly impossible, but my mind keeps imagining an iPhone 7 with wireless charging, a backlit Strange Parts logo and a headphone jack.
very nice editing during the building/taking apart of phones!!
This is over-rated, only a wireless pad was added to the USB connection. So this ain't magic. Such 'hacks' was always existing. He just added the glass back. From chinese standards this is pretty ordinary stuff.
Really loving these videos - thanks! I'm not even an Apple fan (more an Android user myself) but these things are fascinating, and I love the approach you take, showing us your struggles each step of the way. Keep up the good work :)
icloud lock removal if possible
wtf is with the random cut to buda being burned by hot water
How to talk to people in China if they do not know English: I just talk Chinese
Would the SE ever get this?
apple needs to hire Scotty already...
Apple, take notes.
I'd definitely be interested in a 6s (or 6s plus) version of this kit. Hopefully your store does well and you can expand soon!
We were supposed to have instant translation to have face to face conversation like nothing was in between.. Instead we have some electronic voice activated dictionary.. Future sucks..
This might sound crazy, but if possible can u make an expandable memory slot like samsung had ?
awesome!
Chinese people seem amazing.
i am vietnamese . B?i vì tôi ko nói t?t ti?ng anh nhung r?t thích xem video c?a anh . Anh có th? ch? type c cho iphone du?c không ???
Can it working with ip 5s?
You can buy this wireless charging flex cable off Aliexpress and it is relatively cheap
Oh boy I am in Shenzhen my self I have watch all your videos from Miami Florida and took the adventure to here
I thought that that guy was Mike Chen. Rotfl
hey, can you do project on android phone, like building it from scratch
?D?o?r?a? ?t?h?e? ?e?x?p?l?o?r?e?r?
Next vid: face id
you should make your own smart phone bro.. and I will buy it for sure.. hehheee..
next project: install stock android
I have never had to watch/skip so many ads on a video before, it made watching this so painful! :-(
You.are.awesome.
Apple is CRAP.... Buy a real phone, with wireless installed from new, ANDROID! ??
Totaling inspiring dude!!!! I dig it all because i a;ways wanted to do stuff like u do. Keep it upllll Following 4 lifel Thanks for sharing...
?????
Apple's managers should see this video and give resignations
So, how much is a refurbished iPhone X? And, can you buy refurbished gaming laptops?
How do you post on YouTube in China? Or do you go back to ur country to post?
waterproof iphone 6 or iphone 7
all these days you spend on that will NEVER compensate the hundrets and thousends of times you would spend by just connecting the normal charging cable.
Great videos, you make me want to visit Shenzhen again. I walked around the markets 10 years ago when I lived in Hong Kong.
Dam I would like the mod that makes my phone a disco @ 22:29
I can also buy an iphone 8 red that can do the same things, but everyone is free to do what he wants.
I think it is important to add Vietnamese subtitles to each of your videos because Vietnamese people watch his videos a lot
You have to get USB-C working on an iPhone.
IPhones are trash
I hope you may try to assemble samsung phone especially the s and note series
What is that translator
my iphone has wireless charging :/
Apple should offer him a job
the notch need to die
If they make that in Apple, it would be called as the "iPhone 8 (PRODUCT)RED Strange Parts edition".
Next challenge: replace ios with android!
Not not note
My YouTube channel
To note ti i am sorry but it corrects the words automatically
Con i react ti your YouTube video i ment.
Con i react to YouTube YouTube video to post it in mine?
I would love to be able to add that feature to my new iPhone 5S build but I guess it's a phone too old to be even supported by these kind of things, anyway, thanks for the great video!
Try installing a 1400p screen onto an iPhone.
Combine all the different iPhone mods on to one, ultimate iPhone.
What!? No audio jack? I'm disappointed in you Scotty :(
can we get this for android phones with usb-c?
Next u should install USB C
Collab with Zack from JerryRig and do something on an Android Phone?
Waiting for a long time for your video.
Yes another one
It gave me chills and I’m smiling almost 30mins total! This is by far your most amazing video! It really is amazing to look at DIYers exchanging their techniques and project. And that custom glass back with your logo is dope??????
OMG, I'm so glad I found this video!! FANTASTIC!
"I really want to do that" wait I've got an iPhone X ...
definitely no DIY for me, I admire your perseverance!
Wow, really great video/project. I wonder if it's possible to make a iPhone SE 2 with the same size as the SE, but with a iPhone X screen or updated specs like the iPhone 8 or X in China.
Amazing video... apple should view this. And apple should decrease the price.
You seem really nice and funny I love your vids keep it up don’t let anyone ruin your career
impressive
I have a plan of buying iphone 8 plus 256gb from China in the month of Oct... (BTW i am from India) after i saw this video that no one has ever done...I have an insteresting question... is it Possible to add a wireless Charging kit to an iphone 6s....just like u did on iphone 7 and 7 plus... If yes then i would really want it on iphone 6s 128gb... i really want it in iphone 6s cause it still have a Headphone jack and can record 4k Video that is why i still love Iphone 6s..
Scotty, do you realize that you are basically turning the iPhone into an Android phone?
Why don't you speak Chinese ? You've been there for a long time it seems, that's the least you can do when living in another country and not your native one (it's difficult blabla I know don't care, its work thats it). Still enjoyed your video
You upped your game! Video editing and phone hacking! Nice job!!! Love your work! You should learn more chinese, to better get involved in the community!
Is it possible to install a bigger screen on an older phone like the iPhone 5s?
Be careful, the Chinese government has proof you bought a phone off the books.
Try making the iPhone 7 all screen front and back!
Aaaah a new 40 minute strange parts video
usb c iPhone
Hi ! Great video !! Which translater did you use please ? Thanks and keep it up !
WHAT'S UP WITH ALL THE COMMERCIALS!!!! YOU HAVE NEVER DONE THIS BEFORE, WHY NOW!!!!
All these people looking at the camera like: Is that guy crazy?
Fake the first and Second guys are the same
Long time no see. I have to say that your disassembling and recording skills have been increased so much. Keep making good stuffs bro!
Hello,can you post your video on bilibili?Your channel on bilibili hasn't been updated for a long time.??You know, most of us can't directly access YouTube in China.Thank you.??
U didnt screw the bottom screws so that might not put enough pressure?
Just saved myself loads of money just swapping my iPhone 7 housing with an iPhone 8y looking one, idk if I wanna take apart my phone again just yet though but this is cool ;d
14:53 for all the shit we (United States) give China for ripping off patents and reproducing at low-cost, expensive technology, they seriously know what they're doing. Man broke out his personal phone to test out a component. Guy knows his shit!
As awesome as this is, I got a weird sense of a coming cyberpunk dystopia at the end...
13:29 I literally said out loud "WELP." LOVE these videos! Big loves from the ol' US.
Pixel 2 headphone jack would be an interesting video
How well does it charge through a case?
"time to take this thing apart"......and completely blow me away. super slick skills brotha. much love and respect.
Is this available for 6s if so can I have a link
you can see the alignment that piggy backs on the connector needs to be "really" accurate!! mis-align it you "screw up" your phone ! NOT FOR NOOBS... p.s. (I'm sure he could do it in one go, but he 'acts' as a noob for you guys! ;D)
Love your videos...
Anyone think that the white home button on black screen would look better? Also, he wouldn't have to replace the logic board
Quality content. 39 minutes is pretty long for a youtube vid but you showed me how you love what you do and its one of the reasons why I glued in watching the whole vid. Really interesting and very educational. Keep up the good work.
Upgrading the memory on an android or samsung phone (without a SD card). Specially a 8gb or 16gb phone for example or even an old 2gb phone/upgrade. That would be cool to see too.
@9:07 LOL fanboy mode
I have i will made my own iphone i like you
Honestly just get yourself a Samsung and you can plug your earphones in while you're cordless charging!
Cool project! What kind of camera rig are you using? Everyone on the streets is looking at you like you're a white guy in China. :)
I always in joy watching your videos..
Man after the video of the headphone jack, I said what’s next with this guys, and you’ve managed to always come up with something amazing, I really love your job and ideas. Btw i recommend you as a next project to add Face ID to an iPhone 7 plus or 8 Plus. Please I’d love to see that. I mean Face ID with the TrueDepth Camera and the dots projector, everything taken from the iPhone X.
sick video as always. keep it up dude.
It's cool if you know how to do it if you don't then you just have to buy a device that already has it
can u show the location plz,im going to Hua Qiangbei right now
What good is this if you can't do it or you can't find someone that can do it it's called this buying a brand new iPhone 8 or whatever device you want Samsung LG that has wireless charging this is too complex to do
Would you be able to do this for me put the wireless charger on or do you want anybody that could do it I would had no way to do it it be too hard to do let me know respond to my comment if you can do it or I can send it out
No Beijing Bikinis in the b-roll, not the real china. Lmao. love the video, keep em coming. What I really love is how a rando chinese guy figured out how to make a wireless charge kit for iphones. I don't know if he copied it or adapted it or figured it out himself, no matter what, damn ingenious.
this is amazing wow
??. ?????. ?? ???, ?? ????? ?????.
Wow. Your videos are so chill. Love them. Would buy kit if I had iPhone but I am android user. Editing was great. Love how chill interview was with tea and everything. Was wondering when those red shelfs that were behind you are now? What is that blue thing you used to disassemble iPhone it looks cool? If there is another channel with same theme I would love to subscribe to them too.
Great video as always! Side question, are you moving? I see your tv and items from the corner nook are gone
????????
The Chinese man that sold you the phone seems really humble, not sure why lol
Would love to see this for an iPad!
Hay you should do a collaboration with Naomi Wu. She is a maker that lives, I think, in the same Chinese city as you do.
I exchanged home button of 2 iPhone 6 and ended up with both of them not working. When put them back on their original phone it started to work. Can any one help me sort this issue. The same happens to the camera,earpiece etc. Pls help.
Really exciting video. So enjoyable
Try converting lightning to usb charging.
These videos could be like 3 days long and I'm still watching him put something on his iPhone and ive never even owed an iPhone
That's so easy in China, a lot of stuff about wireless charging in taobao
23:20 In Brazil we call it "Gambiarra"
Next challenge... Order the Mophie Charge Force case for $50
try to upgrade them to A11 Bionic and put iPhone 8 camera on it
?????
amazing... slowly becoming a fan :) . Can you also make a video on how to make a wireless charger
Where place i can buy refurbished iphone working with cheaper price dude pm mee pless i want to buy
Who else noticed the world cup in the background in the interview
Less feet
Excellent videos as always. Love the effort that goes into your videos.
I have a 7 but I'm moving to a note 9 so sadly I shall skip for now
Indeed, everything is possible in China.
What I got from this video, just pay the Chinese guy to do it correctly the first time.
You should buy the enclosure to make the 7 look like an 8 with a glass back
This is so sick! It’d be awesome to do a phone build with as many of these upgrades as possible! Take a 7plus Do the 512gb memory, wireless charging, and a few extras, including the cool custom glass back and maybe change up the colours a bit. Green would look cool
Hi how about use iphone x screen to iphone 7. It really interesting.
Great new video!
So if you come to visit the U.S. do you feel like Apples Covert Goons ar following you??????
Pretty pointless since iphones have wireless charging already........
These videos are always awesome
??
next thing is to install a micro usb connector lol. I'm joking, install wireless charging on an iphone 4 or 4s then try to add an led kit for the apple logo on it so it lights up. Also i subscribed!
Scotty, your story line and the way this video is put together is getting better and better! I felt like i was watching a documentary on a tv network! Thanks for this amazing content.
I hope this works out for you.. and that Apple isn't going to be a jerk about this. We won the battle to repair our phones.. but I have no idea about modifications.
I would say those "MADE IN CHINA" are actually pretty well-made for its price.
I suggest you to try to make a non waterproof phone waterproof
Next: iPhoneX without notch.
why not invent a case that had this built in , and you just plug it into current usb
Is it possible to change the cpu to that from a new iPhone?
That editing when taking apart the iPhone 7 wow.. big step up in quality 10/10
Would it be possible to do this a on a OnePlus 6, the phone already has a glass back, but no wireless charging.
Next Challenge: Install Microwave + dishwasher
Hi, great video again again! I wonder if it is possible to fix the iPhone 7 home button, when it is broken?
This guy exploits Apple like it's a fun challenge for him, what a legend he is. So far he has added a headphone jack and wireless charging. I really hope he goes in for a USB C connection, if that's possible!!
Useless. Iphone already has it
Headphone Jack - check! Wireless Charging - check! Next challenge suggestion: notch removal I've been blown away by your technical (and not to mention people) skills! If you can remove the notch, it will be the crème de la crème! Since you're a programmer too, maybe you can come up with a hardware and software hack?
Try to make The iPhone That i want and it must have A headphone jack USB type C Face ID Wireless charging
MicroSD slot next.
It would be more reliable if the would sell the charge flex with the wireless module already solderd in.
CR7 minute 5
How samsung did it 5 years ago
WongWei or another, i'm gonna getcha getcha getcha getcha WongWei!
Try to wipe clean iOS and install android into iphone. I wonder if hardware could support it.
Awesome video!
lol just buy one of those external pad and hook it up via lighting xD (just a joke chill)
Great video, love that you are very open and honest about the pros and cons of this. Very interested in one for my 7plus if that ever happens.
Nice video
I like, that you can do a break, if something won’t work out - When I’m working on my old cameras, I’m often not able to do that and I’m stuck to my 100 year olds forever :) - great video again!!! Keep them coming!
I don't understand how modification kits like the wireless charger are profitable. I know people in the US aren't buying many, if any. I'd guess the same for Europe and Canada, and South America and Africa. So are Chinese really buying these kits themselves and taking the time to install them I enough numbers to provide a market?
Customize an iPhone X please
is there a website for buying parts to build your own smart phone?
by throwing that shit in the garbage and buying a super duper amazing samsung
You are insane!! JUST BUY AN ANDROID!! lol but I'm inspired by your mods, great vids
All that work for wireless charging...
I wish there was a go fund me for the kid to open a shop I'd support it and i know a lot of people would...
Change the touch id colour in the next video
Adding expandable memory would be a great thing to add to an iPhone also. Expandable memory, headphone jack, wireless charging, all the things Apple should be doing. I love Apple but they are getting stale.
do you have any solutions on how to fix a iphone 7 that has a boot loop and wont update or restore?
Shame it’s not Apple innovating and making the iPhone better, still lets see what they bring this September. I still don’t think they will wow me though. The only thing they always seem to improve for sure is the price.
Plz do this for an Huawei P20 Pro, its an amazing phone thats only held back by missing that feature, also has a plastic back on default, and because of the camera sticking out you could even get away with making it a little bit thicker with a new shape back to accommodate for that without making it really feel any bigger, ie: you could use like 80% the back for the charging pad rather then only half of it.
my samsung s3 has wireless charging, old shit
Yeh
Add fast charging to your iPhone 7
Cool
I wonder how many have sold so far
Because this is news related to Chinese science and technology culture. For the YouTube mobile client without automatic translation, I hope to add Chinese subtitles, no matter whether it is traditional Chinese or simplified Chinese. Of course, if you can introduce a stable, high-speed, reliable VPN or SS/SSR network provider that offers 180 RMB or less for viewers from China, it’s great. In this way, I/We can watch the Youtube web version that supports automatic translation under the strict network supervision and review of the People's Republic of China, instead of modifying the DNS and Hosts, which is difficult and even failing. Thank you very muck.
Basically: MOAR FOAM
On ios you can download testM app. It lets you to test iphones practicly automaticly.
very cool video
Great video again! Is there a way to get hold of the schematics? I'm really curious.
Nice edit! Very easy to watch!
Very good video !!! you just make them with iphones ? when you will try with android ?
Iphone x
You always have these good transitions using street food but you never buy the foood in video
Does anyone know the name of the songs specially the one when he is disassembling the iPhone 7, thanks
I think u should release video in part as many of us doesn't have that much time plus it will give u the excitment of viwers
Nice!
Woaahhh talk about patience...great vid
I liked the social interaction with the people. Usually a hacker is using social engineering on people. But you work very well with others. I love watching and learning from you.
so he put a jack he built a phone he should put usb type c and just for fun put android to
Haha flashbacks to any project: carefully bending a thing *THWACK*
Scottie, I love you dude but please, get a 4K camera "upgrade"... this isn't 2010 anymore. Thanks buddy.
its not really wireless charging really more cordless toothbrush technology induction lol
37:15 Is it from Yeke or You? You made it unclear because you said you bought 100 to sell to us.
I thought to myself why does he keep working only with Apple phones. Second later I realized all other phones already have these features built in Facepalm
Headphone jack kit PLEASE! Honestly, I think even if it was $100-$150 in parts costs alone to make something that didn't require so much modding as we law in the video you did on it, I think people would pay for it, because unlike wireless charging, or probably soon USB type - C support, which you can get by just spending more money on a newer iPhone, a headphone jack is likely something you'll never be able to get on a phone faster than the iPhone 6S which at this point is 3 years old...
I'm a software guy... and having a great time watching your videos. Plus Shenzhen is like Disneyland for Geeks for me
If Apple can't do it, then you won't be able to... After watching the video... ... ...
You are working harder than pewdiepie and rice gum combined. Credit to this guy
Answer bought an iPhone X and you have that
You make something beautiful! Thank you!
strange parts aka smart ppl. amazing achievement!
Hi, i'm wondering that is it possible for you to remake/restock the headphone jack circuit board for iphone 7
STOP BOTHER THIS POOR IPHONES OR I’ll CALL GREENPEACE WWF OR I DONT’KNOW.... IRONMAN!! P.S. you are awesome.
Translators of nowadays... WOW! I can bet in the future, learning a language is going to be more of a 'commodity' and not a necessity. :D
@ strange parts iphone sd slot!!!!
You could make a fortune selling custom modified iPhones... until Apple sue you for making counterfeit phones using legit parts.
i wan't you to make ultimate i phone 7
Wireless charging Iphone with a headphone jack light up logo annd you have to custom solder it all ??
Etch the glass with your design.
Collab with Zack from JerryRigEverything...plz
Wish u could give me dat custom made iPhone 7 with wireless charging to me... It will be my first iPhone??????
you should have shown that its charging more and more on the last minute rather than talking and talking. its like the journey got to a bad end because of your talk. This is a tip btw to improve your video
conan!
instered of placing the flexpcb below connector, make a pcb for charging port which has additional connection of connecting wireless charge on top of that.
I love your filming style!! When you show how you trade and all! And the music! It‘s really beautiful how you make this DIY videos in an artistic masterpiece!
Where can one purchase a work mat like that?
Man, can you do other phones too
This is really very clever how he has managed to make contact with the connectors! Thanks for the interview, i would like to see you meet more innvoators like yourself there in china! Those videos make me feel inspired!!
What can be done with an older smartphone? For say an IPhone 4? Would it be possible to make a "sleeper smartphone"? or even a two-screened Iphone? (one screen on each side
for how much did you buy that iphone 7 ?
Definitely amazing channel! Thanks for new video ??
Next chanllenge adding Apple pencil inside the Apple IPhone
Feel that I jinxed you when you were using that metal sheet to separate the glass, I was thinking "he's gonna cut himself". Next second, "ouch!"
Everythingapple pro...??????new project
collab with jerry rig everything
Combine headphone Jack and wireless charger
An idea: Soldering the wireless charger flex to the bottom connector flex instead of pressure contact. You'll need to redesign the wireless charger flex with contacts on both sides so you can solder it (microsoldering).
next video : in china we removed notch on iPhone x and installed android 8.0 (Oreo) on iPhone x ????
I love how you put little bits of b-roll between the main parts of the video! Makes the video even more enjoyable
Next chalenge youse iPhone x
Genial, excelente conteúdo e qualidade de produção no vídeo
you can already get aftermarket bottom flex cables, very cheap, why not make a bottom flex cable that has the wireless charging as part of the same flex?
Holy shit..this is so damn cool
I have become a fan of your videos. I come back from office and check out your videos. I am also an electronics engineer, although I do not do DIY stuffs. But watch you turn these phones into something totally different, is really satisfying. Kind of clears all the commotion going in the head. Please continue doing such stuff and keep us engaged. Thank you so much Sir.
888k subscribers! That's like damn auspicious in Chinese belief. En route to 1mil subs, well done Scotty!
is it me or anyone else also think that the reassembling of iphone was so satisfying.. or it was pure editing magic, ??
Next challenge: make an open source phone that we can 3d print
Just wondered if a slim layer of foam around the connector on the logic board to hold the wireless charging flex up against the charging dock connector flex plug would give a better connection without over stressing the plug onto the logic board, maybe even a custom cutout rectangular foam for this purpose ?
153 Apple developers disliked this video.
Great video , i can't see any advantage of wifi charging if you've got to still have the charger plugged in to a plug socket .
wouldn't the iphone 5c be the perfect phone for this kind of a hack?
I'm getting a black t-shirt that just says, "I void warranties..."
nice to meet you. I live in South Korea. I already see your third video. Your actions allow everyone to be addicted and challenged. When I wanted to give up sometime, I was impressed by the video that fitted your stereo jack. So I think it is a fight against time rather than giving up. So I really appreciate it. I wonder what the next video will be and I have another expectation. Once again I appreciate your respect for your actions and inspire countless geeks. PS I'm not good at English and I use Google Translator
This is awesome. Keep it up, Scotty!
Build ur own phone with custom android os
How do u feel about the restaurant in ur part of town using recycled sewage?
why not stack paper pieces rather than squeezy foam
You’ve mastered quality & quantity on the YouTube platform - every video an adventure and a triumph of perseverance over adversity. It wouldn’t surprise me if you managed to build an iPhone SE with a notch and FaceID if Apple doesn’t. Those guys from Shenzhen are just so ingenious!
David fighting A LOT OF goliaths , well done sr!
Love from India
INSTALL ANOTHER OS TO IT
The editing is getting much better
Install wireless changer on ip5s
Install wireless changer on ip5s
Can you please make an update video in the future like a few months ahead about the reliability of the wireless charging?
Next change :upgrade the capacity of the iPhone you know the low battery problem is so annoying ??
i wonder if you would install face id next time
Linus was not respectful to you. Shame on him, you are the guy!
I don't understand anything. BUT IT'S SO FUCKING COOL
Well because of trumps import tax you'll now need to go to china
Scotty, can you share a link to the Tool Brothers stuff if they're selling internationally? Also, which tools you'd recommend.
I'm not an apple fan, but Your videos only gets better. Amazing work!
you deserve way more suscribers, this is awesome
Try to add an OLED display to an iPhone in your next project/challenge!
Stop
I’d like to get a wireless receiver so I can try to put it on my 7 Plus..
I have to say I moved away from iPhone years ago and been a loyal Samsung user since. But I really enjoy watching the videos you do on hacking the iPhone and making your own mods to them. It's awesome to see the collaboration you have with the people you meet in China. Everyone seems so open to work with you and have some amazing ideas and hacks themselves. So many crazy talented people, including yourself. Thanks for what you do and inspiration you give people.
love the video keep it up
Yeah how about installing USB-C Instead of a Lightning jack
And you got yourself an iphone 8.
That's great I've now got a use for laser cutter I bought for thousands years ago on a whim. You have a lot of patience and trust that it would work.
16:34 do not plug out your cable like that your gonna break it plug it out on the plastic part
is a genius :0
will there be a chance whereby you will venture into andriod phone mod?
Why dont you try building an android phone It should be easier
Its amazing how popular this has become starting from adding the jack back. etc its so cool to see what you can actually do
Put "Old IPhones" in the title instead and maybe it will get more views?
First video: How to disassemble iphone This video: How to disassemble iphone like pro
????????????(Chinese???)
Hey I'm loving all the iPhone enthusiasm, but to be truly honest I don't use one and haven't for a while. I'm using a Huawei here in the U.S and I think it be cool to see you build other devices particularly Android devices and judging by your audience so would they!! Thanks man keep it up
Wow, are you really getting 1 Amp of charging current from the wireless charging module? That's impressive- i had assumed it would only do ~100 - 200mA trickle charging.
so pointless
can anyone share more details about yekke how to contact him
i watched all your videos. it's really inspire me . and i also works on HuaQiangBei , hopes could meet u someday..
august 22 is my birthday u made the phone at my birthday what a coincidence
Thank you for showing the failures and troubleshooting!
Since the iPhone X doesnt have a fingerprint scanner, turn the apple logo on the back into a scanner. That has always been my idea, apple logo fingerprint scanner on the back
You are awesome!!!!!
??????????????????(???????)??????YouTube?????,??????????!
Man start producing your own phones in large quantity
This is great Scotty! Finally, a wireless charging iphone! Awesome! here's another challenge for you Scotty, Oppo has released a mobile phone where you can fully charge you phone for 5 minutes. As I check out their website, it seems that their charger is giving an output of 4 amps instead of 1 amp. I don't know if its only with their charger and battery or needs another add on logic board for it.... and I want to see this also on your Iphone. :)
This Caucasian man is humble and secretly good at what he does. He listens carefully before opening his mouth. In this aspect he has very Chinese values and I really respect him
Your editor does a great job.
I want one for my PH-1
China: this is communist country pls stop making capitalist videos Strange parts: How we added wireless charging...
?????? ^?^,,,
add lightning port to iPhone 4s
Buy a samsung note 9.. Video Challenge ends in 2 minutes
I would be all over this if I didn't have an iPhone X...! I can't get enough of watching your videos and how you go through everything so methodically. You then show us your failures/upsets, but also the victories and explanations about what you did wrong. It's a different culture and an awesome area of the world that most of us will never have the pleasure of being in and you make us feel like we are there coming along for the shopping trips... Just as an aside - you should add more blueprint photos to your shop of other things so I can own a sweeeeet piece of Strange Parts to put on my wall! :)
hjust sayin. See thru back with rgb...
Scotty I think you'd make way more AdSense revenue if you split videos like this up into multiple parts! Would also be good as a viewer, 40-min videos are tough to watch all in 1 sitting and then you forget to pick it up again later. This is just a minor note though. Video is great, editing is great. I always love when new Strange Parts comes out :D
Great video, it's incredible what's available out there.
Are they guys playing DDR...dance dance revolutions at 34:13
?????? ???????
he sell that module for 7 dollar ? dang
Your works are good. But however, what you did is like turning an iPhone 7 into an iPhone 8
Honestly these videos have motivated me to want to go back to china and visit this crazy country one more time. Love the videos
Your channel fucking blew up bro. GOOD JOB MAN. That had work definitely paid off. THANK YOU FOR MAKING THESE FOR US THAT REALLY LOVE THE VIDEOS.
In India we call it Jugaad ??
I’ve heard explanations, but why is the accessibility button so popular in China? One reason I’ve heard is there is a fear the button can wear out. It was turned on in this video which features an iPhone 7 which doesn’t have a mechanical button.
The video quality is getting better and better!
Literally turning into an android phone
it is possibe to more "DIY" part in one device? ex: adding a wireless charging, led blink when music turn on and, a headphone jack on one device??
not goner end well like the dreaded apple logo light mod from back in the day for the 4s or 4 cool idea but they need a better design then just foam
this method just looks smart, but connection is not reliable, someone needs to improve it obviously.
Try make the custom Android phone...??
Grand master Scotty
If you could sell it for iPhone 6 or iPhone 6sPlus i'll buy a few and test them out. Maybe I'm able to combinate this with a glowing Logo... Could you try to make a glowing powerbutton wich only lights up when the screen is turned off? That's too complicated for me... Don't know how i could do this...
240p squad!
Why so much problematic. Why cant it be just plug and play. I do not understand the problem, was that the design of wireless coil pcb or connector. Please explain.
Hi could i ask for 1 ip with modding by you?
why go through all this trouble? the adapter looked to only make contact with like 4 or so of the mounting legs of the connector, you could just solder those few connections to it joining those parts before normally connecting them. in fact that should be done anyways! given its for power/charging that light pressure point problem could become high resistance and cause a variety of issues or heating. its neat but it should be soldiered.
Im in my mind , hell yeah that's cool , me in real life changed iPhone 6s+ to Samsung s8+
"Ye"
Could you not just use one of those really cheap wireless receivers that stay on the outside of the case, so it doesn't matter if the case is metal, and plugs into the charging port. Although I suppose it does block the port.
You can get a magnetic charger for that device then it's technically plugged in but it's not. That could work and a challenge with USB C is one I'd like to see
Meeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee
!
No need to do all this, just buy an android device like a samsung or an lg flagship with all features you want
Firstly you should ground your self while installing this module. Human body can be easily charged with static electricity. That’s event cause serious damage to the electronics devices.
Hi Im your biggest fans in China I very very hope u release you video to China video web. and Translate to Chinese. like LTT in http://bilibili.com Have their channel https://space.bilibili.com/12434430/#/ My english no good hope u can read it
What translation app are you using
I wish youtube will stop pushing your videos on my recommended feed. not interested.
what iphone are you using now? iphone x?
i wish I could get mod on my oneplus 6 by using sort of the way you modded on your iphone cause the op6 was released w glass back of the phone w/o the wireless function
Oh man! You meet some brilliant minds out there. Most of the 'hacks' and 'DIY' minds are influcenced by the western minds so the rest of the world us just follows but the great firewall makes these guys more original maybe? Any case this is great.
Congratulations you got an iPhone 8
Yeke is a Chinese god.
He is popular just because of apple..what a brand apple is .damn
Install notification led on iPhone Next project .
or buy an iPhone 8)))
How can you sure that wireless charging from those parts will be safe? it must be programmed in the motherboard ( for charging and safety purpose ) remember how samsung galaxy note 7 started exploded just because there were issue with the program that didn't pass the signal to the motherboard that phone is charged and charging signal from the wall should be block in order to avoid overcharged.
You have a lot of patience.
awesome video
Your work is Awesome sir
Love your videos <3
EEV, GreatScott, Strange Parts, Louis Rossman must do a cross over
For some reason i wan't to see you build an iphone x
Well this 39 minutes video went like a magic , thanks man
Man, whats your main job? Are you a programmer?
song name 5:25
Algorithm
Srange Parts is the proof that Apple makes inferior phones by design. I'm sure that there are tons of clever people working at Apple which can do what Strange Parts does, Apple only choses to make the phones inferior to make more money. Do not support companies like this, buy other brands.
Toooo many ads!
Hey Scott I live in shenzhen and I speak decent english and perfect chinese, I am also into tech (phone laptop camera etc), let me know if you need help looking for strange parts or a free human flesh translator, i think i will be able to help :)
that guy sells himself so short, what he does is nothing short of talented!
Is there not an aliexpress link for just the circuit and not the whole package like on his site?
Here's a thought, why don't you make an i-phone 11 in your own case with 1 tb memory, IP10 guts and everything you want into your own style case, mega battery the works rather than using old and making it later.
Your great man. I'm your fan from India Kerala
He made that in a tiny shop. Imagine what he can make out of rocket parts in a cave.
Can you please do a USB-C installement iphone 7 version
Those 133 dislike are apple employee who dosen't like what strange parts do. ??
How about Apple's newest a11 bionic chip & iOS 12 update in an iPhone 3g ?
I love the people in the background XD Good job scotty! Keep going man, love your videos! Always!
You've got great skills, well done. :-)
Step 1: Throw it out the window Step 2: Buy a Galaxy Note 9 Step 3: Use wireless charging
I hope you get to sell those kits, down really know if many people are willing to risk their iphone over this
Quick question it's probably silly but how do u remember how to put every single tiny piece back when u took them all out in the beginning? What if you put them in wrong
Hi your link dont work! it should be this one, thanks google https://store.strangeparts.com/products/iphone-7-wireless-charging-kit
anyone know what the song is at 5:25?
That LED Light mod is really chinese aesthetic
thats no good. you turned the iphone into an android.
9:16
Just buy an iphone 8
That little piece of rubber you pulled out from under the battery is supposed to be pulled upwards to pull the battery out
Oh so that black dude from tokyo drift was a backpacker huh
Hello! This this open source? I think you can IMPROVE reliability by creating a new design which include not just this hack but also usb connector and everything related to this on 1 flex cable and place motherbord connector onto it. It will be more easily to install just by replacing standard usb flex by new desig and also more reliable.
China is a amazing place.. Me and a friend is gonna visit just because of your videos !
Started a company that build custom iPhone. ?? maybe that's the only way I'll use an iPhone.
Hahaha DIY =) complete kit for wireless charging nice!! You should test some extra stuff like listening to music with a jack adapter and charging at the same time. But this is truly awesome. Apple probably won't like this
Srange Parts ! how much did the iphone 7 cost ?
Now, do it on your Strange Parts iPhone.
Dude why dont u add face id in iphone 7 ??
What have you not done? Honestly like next a rocketship out of an iPhone
Could you make I phone 6s to case I phone 8
Can someone tell me: iPhone 7 boot up without the home button? Or ir stuck on apple logo? Thanks.
next challenge : Transform an apple phone into a samsung one
22:18 lol
Nice job mate.......
iPhone X without a notch? XD
You can only do that with plastic backcovers
With all those upgrades you're gonna turn your IPhone into an Android
Since it is just sandwiched, just shaking the phone hard would disconnect the pins. Better if you could solder the power pins themselves.
Thought when you changed the dock you would lose the Touch ID
Buy a iphone 7 16gb version.. upgrade to 128gb storage + wireless charge... thats superb...
Please make an Android with i phone......!!!!
You're awesome, keep doing awesome stuff!
Please include the prices too..
When you usually see at 40min video on YouTube you never click it because it’s usually boring and far to long, but when it’s strange parts the longer the better because the whole video is a learning experience for everyone involved. Keep up the content love watch your videos scotty. Bring on more DIY projects!!
Do you live in China ? Or hk ?
I would love if you could modify my s9 but you I know you cant but I really love your videos
Next project, design and build your own phone with all these tinkerers from the market. Imagine what these guys could accomplish.
This reminds me of the good ole Nokia days in the early 2000's where you could totally customize your phones and add new features in!
There is an app on the AppStore called testm which tests everything
Is it me or Scotty trying to prove wrong the Asian guy's design
Is the headphone jack still in it now?
Chinese guy sneaking into those dms
It is always great journey of ups & downs in your videos and I love that.
next challenge: Windows Xp on a IPhone
Any chance to make iphone 8 1tb ?
how about wireless charging and 3.5mm jack on the same Iphone??
Just buy a iPhone 8 lol
Thumbs up for the video editing!
you have some good skills. i couldn't be bothered or the talent to do this ,so i choose a company with phones that still have headphone jack and wireless charging, I dont like apple cause they will make their phones obsolete by changing things so they wont work with previous generations
That's why don't be a isheep n do not buy icrap . I mean after paying flagship price for n iPhone still being missing out on flagship features makes no sense...
Ive been wireless charging my iPhone 6s since I got it, using a wireless charging receiver (look it up) the only disadvantage is that it takes the lithning port, which you can plug out if you want to though, but its a great thing for less then 15 bucks
well done iphone guy..
I love how big the phone modifications market is! Who would have thought that this was huge!
You need another camera man.....am available for employment and I have lots of ideas too??
THIS IS AWESOME!!! KEEP UP THE GOOD WORK!!!
Apple is just being lazy
Yet another amazing Strange Parts video Scotty. Brilliant idea and design Yeke, I hope you sells a thousand kits. ??????Strange Parts??Scotty?????????Yeke,???????????? http://strangeparts.com/wireless
Scotty you never fail to amaze me and lots other viewers with what you do. I enjoy your fascinstion with your work and really appreciate the passion you put in every video you upload. Salute to you and the people behind strangeparts
can u make the iphone have usb c?
Can u install dual camera like iPhone X ,it will be cool
Basically an iPhone 7 in an iPhone 8 body am I right?
Scott did you change your camera? Video quality is so much better! If you could do tutorials (like idiot proof step by step videos) that would be awesome, especially for engineers in training or has in engineers like myself wishing to go back into the field as a hobby :)
Next challenge install an s-pen and type c port please
Great.. Amazing.. waaoo.. My question is how much does that wireless charging coil costs?
Yyyyeeeeessssss!!!!! Wireless charging for older iPhones
Hey, i think you have to use other stuff instead of the foamtape. Maybe some plastic-retention, that doesn‘t shrink over the time.
Funny how the world cup was in the backround in the TV on one part...and that ended nearly 2 months ago.
Call me cynical but it seems to me that after it is all said and done if you want wireless charging it'd be cheaper and less hassle to sell your iPhone 6-7 on eBay or Craigslist and use those funds to buy an iPhone 8 or X.
bro will you make a video of best iphone x clones in china....
Just wanted to say wow, never seen this channel before and didn't think I'd sit through the entire video but you proved me wrong. Amazing journey, having done some DIY's myself I know the pain of putting it back together and having it break a few hours later. Awesome seeing you persevere, awesome seeing you work through the issues, and awesome seeing tinkerers and modders like you and Yeke doing what you do
Such a great video .. (I own a one plus device) but I appreciate these videos and I believe the colabs are great. Also I love the interview portion of the video however the subtitles went a little fast. If you could slow them down a little bit that would be great. Thank you for this video.
What an awesome video Scotty! Btw, what's the song that starts on 5:25 ?
please combine your custom iphone that you've made earlier like, putting earphone jack, custom casing and glowing logo, adding the storage and this wireless charging module. it would be cool in my mind!
hey i was wondering is it possible to get the ironman flashing led back and the the one in which the light was sync with the music and that light was from both the back logo and the speaker holes....
Wow you already near 1 mil subscribers. You and Jerryrigeverything channel are on the opposite. You build phone, Jerry disamble it. It will be fun if you two have collaboration together.
I can say with almost 100% certainty that this guy is still a virgin.
awesome its too complicated to call it as DIY
And with your iPhone 7 headphone jack mod on this, you can now have the wireless charging iPhone 7 with a headphone jack
What about another phone my radmi 3s prime is this work?
How about cpu and ram upgrade since you already did rom upgrade
I REALLY want you to put USB C in an iPhone next.
Adaptation, Improvisation. But your weakness is not you technique..
nice improvement for iphone 7,
amazing. broooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo. but it was too long. hahahaha
Electronic components are getting closer everyday to organic.
While wireless charging is cool to try out it is not all that efficient at delivering power and heat from it tends to cause accelerated battery degradation. I have owned 2 phones that support wireless charging and it is next to useless in a real charging scenario. It charges so slow that you would have to leave it on all night so if you have to do that you are better off just plugging in any way.
You are the friendliest youtuber!!! And your journey is my inspiration... KEEP DEBUGGING LIFE ! ! ! ????
I was looking for a video like this THANK YOU SO MUCH!
How did u fix the scratch on the back ?
i hope you survive china
damn this video make me want to travel to Shenzhen...
Like This sir > Awesome ... good job
Awesome !! Toi bad my phone is a 6s ;)
We said to try it on One Plus 6.
The information and scenes covered in 8 minutes of the video is absolutely insane. You can learn so much just from 8 mins of this 40 minute video
Could just solder the pins (like even a slight bit) on the wireless charging ribbon to the battery flex cable then plug it in, should work, it's just an issue with the wireless charging cable not touching the flex cables pins right
which part of the china i can get it? i i wanted to order it from SG.
Body of iPhone se but big for iPhone 7 to see how it would look? Or is that just me?
Cool strange parts ??
Im sorry man, but nothing is more impressive then adding the 3.5mm jack in an iPhone 7 ??
Great video. Appreciate the time and effort you put into this to make it happen. Clearly this isn't said and done within a day, truly enjoy your videos. Thank you!
It's kinda interesting to see someone with a tremendous amount of knowledge like Yeke working on a hardware market, what level of formation this dude have? I mean, I'm finishing my electrical engineering graduation an I'm not even close to design something like that. He should be hired by some major tech company, or at least start selling this products internationally. Amazing video as always, China is truly wonderful.
Whats the song playing when u take apart the phone at around 6 mins?
Why brought you to china originally? What do you do for work now in china that keeps you there; other than youtube?
Next project suggestion >> You can try to replace the iPhone Lightning Connector for a Type-C Connector :), Great idea to save money and don't buy Apple OEM Lightning Cables Crap ever again. Anyways, good luck in any future adventure :)
Good story. But the product is not. No one will buy such a thing. Too much work to install and very unstable.
"Local man add an feature a billion dollars company struggle to implement."
IMO if you know you would not take it off later, you could just solder the connector onto the board. This would eliminate the mounting pressure problem.
Is there any bigger battery with custom iphone 7 back shell on chinese market? I’d like to have iphone 7 with bigger battery, not bulky battery case :)
I truly admire your perseverance and dedication - keep up the great work!!!
make one for iphone se please......
Just buy an Android.
How i can buy iphones from Wang Wei or other china seller for cheap?
great
do me a favor and come back when your over 45, and post a comment on your current eyesight.. ;)
Next time build an iPhone with a headphone jack and wireless charging
I'm always been a huge fan of u...i never miss your video. Great effort.. i am also trying the same but not getting all the parts..??
The second most electronic device people seem to have in China, CALCULATOR......
I would love to know where (online) I can get THAT USB meter that you used. I don't know if there is room in the phone for this, but if there is wouldn't it be more reliable and easier to install if there was a daughter board with connectors that could bridge the stock connector, the wireless charging connector (add a proper connector to it) and the iPhone?
We should get your friend’s info so we can buy him some iPhones and help him get the money for his shop!
Who will do a Chinese subtitle?
This seems so complicated. I would rather just work and save money to buy an iPhone 8...
First off love these videos. Got me back into modding. Makes me want to try seeing if I can put a wireless charger on a psp 3000. 5v 2amp input is doable just where to connect the qi wireless unit. And will it still let me plug in the ac adapter.
Any time frame on when it will be available for iPhone 7plus?
This brings up the idea, Can you wirelessly change an iPad?
There is one like it but sticks on the back of any iphone and connects through the lightning port
nice of you to take us through all the struggles
Why exactly did you take apart the whole display? Ie top speaker flex back aluminum plate etc.. you didn't need to do that unless u broke the display taking it off.
Nice
I would chuck a little solder on those gold contacts on the cable to give it more to contact with the dock pins.
Can you please make a video on adding volume button to AirPods?
nice project ! ! ! Awesome video again and amazing skills.. you are so genius.. i hope your next project will doing something with the iPhone X.
Honestly, NONE of this is necessary if you just buy a $5.00 EXTERNAL lightning port adapter for QI Wireless charging. These just plug-in to the lightning port of your iPhone and stick to the back of your iPhone (under your case). NO voiding of warranties (if still applicable) and NO disassembly of your iPhone. These can be bought almost anywhere online these days. What's the point of this video, just to say you can do it... Internally??? Not worth the time, effort or risk!
It seems that every time I come to the Strange Parts channel, I never leave dissapointed. Very awesome video! Look forward to more content in the future!
I would gladly buy one if you can get it for iPhone 6.
4:58 When he said “Hey Siri its me.” My phone literally went off??
China is awesome
If you had a website with these modded iPhones I would ssooooo buy one ??
why all these things is possible to do in china (Shenzhen)
WOW! Everything possible in China, especially in Shenzhen. Does it work with iphone se?
Just an FYI Scotty, you can buy colored stickers that go over the touch ID sensor. Fingerprint still works too, works even a little better. Changed my rose gold 6s to a fully black front that way.
as an ee this is amazing. It's also scary that their culture is so competent and ours (usa) isn't. I'd love to be in that culture
You are more innovative than Apple itself
iPhone 7 with Edge screen?
another awesome project, i love it!
Just wondering, did Yeke ever mention how he fixed your phone? I'm kind of curious to know if it was an issue with the installation, the wireless charger, or something else.
we need more weekly videos even if their short.
8:40 Wouldn't adding some more solder to the connector legs make better contact, giving it a little more hight?
??“?”???????????
Awesome video!!!!
this is dope! plz post the 6s
Hey, this might be a dumb question but i was wondering what the mat that you use to take the iphones apart is called?
i wish i have just regular iphone
Man can you make wireless charging for oppo f1s?
How can I get wireless charger for Honor 8 lit?
Stubby Clapp
Amazing as always mate. I love being inspired by your videos and seeing the great work done at the markets that allow people to customize their phones. Keep up the exceptional work.
god dammit man.. i didn't watch yet but i already did hit the like button!! please, make more videos "touring" around China.
Feeling proud to get my idea working love u brother Its me who sent u all that emails(Siyam)
Dude, wich camera do you use?
WOW
I'm an android user yet I still watch everyone of Strange parts videos
Nowhere else on youtube will you find someone who puts this much work into a video, and can manage to make a 40 minute long video entertaining. Really impressive work!!!!
what app were you using to translate ?
iStrangePart Phone
You should have been a surgeon with that precision and delicate work!
China is damn! Seems like one can get each and every tini tiny part of mobile phones there.
Inspyring! Now add a headphone jack!
Wow, another great experiment video! I hope this wireless receiver will available for any Android phone
I don’t know if you know this but Chinese smart phones don’t have play store or google play store services and downloading them still doesn’t work. I’ve tried a couple of things from the internet but nothing worked. I’ve tried on Samsung and huawei. Probably you can find someone in huaqiangbei or you could do it yourself. I live in Chengdu. ??
Are there any for the plus
is Iphone 7+ has more place to work with?
Apple is screaming right now. They are now worried it will make the iPhone 7 outsell the iPhone X due to the price and wireless charging modding.
You should swap the Lightning Jack with USB type C.
Always trying something new ??????
I know it sounds crazy but ive always wanted to know if you could take the iphone 5 or 5s take that and add a bigger screen like a mod almost im pretty sure i couldnt even work but it would be cool. Love the vids scotty
Always good to see you upload Scotty!!
I am probably not going to do the wireless charging, but I indeed want that the Strange Parts logo back. Maybe you can consider sell phone cases or stickers, I believe they are not hard to make in Shen Zhen. I would definitely buy them.
but the question is wierless is not the fastest
I love watching all your vids. I will say however, you are a sucker for frustration.
I love the fact that you show that you can upgrade parts in a phone like you would a desktop, it just may be more difficult.
Dude! Love the assembly music! B-roll of phone assembly
I need an iPhone 6s Plus one... THANKZ!
Does anyone else get that Blade Runner feel? Like when is he going to meet the guy who makes snakes and owls and stuff? I love it!
Love it, but holy jump cut batman lol off to ebay to buy parts
What did you used to do for a living (or still do for a living) before you were making these great videos. At one point I remember you saying you’re not specialized in a certain area as you worked mostly on some other area. I believe you were making ur own iPhone or upgrading the memory 800%.
just buy iphone 8
what do the steps say on 2:32?
As always this place keeps surprising me ?? The work you're doing is absolutely amazing and big respect for that. Good luck in discovering even more amazing stuff on a market. This city really looks like a place I could have fun every day ??
you know they sell things on Amazon that plugs in the lightning port and then you can put the phone in a case and you can wireless charge, much easier.
You should make the iPhone completely waterproof
plz korean sub!!!
if i could afford it i'd pay starange parts to build me a 32gb droid phone from parts found in those markets but alas living on SSD doesn't give a person much "disposable" income :(
If every nationality can work together then the human race can fix every problem! Unfortunately, politicians and the media don't allow for this.
Can you try turning normal apple earphones to wireless airpods?
Pointless
Even though I'm no longer an Apple fan, I still found the inner workings so interesting. I love your videos. You have a knack for explaining complex technical terms in a way that's easy to understand for us some folks.
Adding wireless/Qi charging= easy. Adding RFID/NFC capabilities along with Qi charging= incredible. The title doesn't explain what you're doing. The title makes what you're doing seem less impressive. Wireless charging is just hooking up a coil to the battery. Adding the RFID/NFC is the special part.
scotty thanks to you i was able to repair two iphone screens...not hardcore like you yet though lol
Has anyone tried this with iPhone SE
Wireless charging will really come in handy when they finally manage to remove all of the ports from phones. To waste such technology on mere electric toothbrushes...
Should have chosen an iPhone 4 because it already has a glass back, or a 5c
China is the best place for hackers.
I love these videos??
you truly inspire me. i want to do what you do but i dont know where i should start hehe
I want 1
Wow apple should hire you :)
Love the backpacker marketer insight. So great and human. More details and interviews like this please!
Love your videos. Enjoy very much seeing China. ?,????????
Woww...Iwireless????????
Scotty how about a tour of your home in China?
I believe these videos prove to serve an ulterior purpose. Whether you realize it or not, Scotty, these videos show me, as a consumer of technology that not only is America's technological prowess lacking, it also shows how other companies, even companies founded on American soil are taking advantage of everyone by not providing the latest and greatest to their end-users, even though it could damn well had been engineered with certain advancements in technology in mind. To show the inside of such devices, to do these things companies disapprove the average consumer of doing which ruins their deceptive magic. As somebody who has been concentrating strictly on Apple devices, had you encountered any legal trouble by Apple as of late? I wouldn't think Apple would take such things laying down, as they certainly go after mom-and-pop shops who specialize in Apple repair, let alone one who tinkers with such things on YouTube. I'm curious if you've been hounded by Apple the same way others in the tech and repair space had been.
16:51 i legit checked my phone
Yay! U r back!
This was awesome! Always so interesting and entertaining to watch, can't wait for the ultimate modded iphone video, should be amazing :D
Your great iam watching all of your video....
Great interviews and cinematography. Wondering if foam is the correct coarse of action to take if the foam gets compressed at an odd angle then it won't have the right pressure. So that seems more like the issue. As other comments have stated and I really think the design is great but the right pressure is needed it seems. Silicon or rubber or even plastic does seem like a good course of action but some experimentation with the right size and shape would be needed. Maybe like a full rectangle piece of silicon with the middle hollowed out so it just goes around the whole foam pad that already ships with the iphone... Basically like these shapes: [ Would have added cost ofcourse but the goal is to make this plug and play as the dismantling and rebuilding takes long enough as it is for people like us that aren't going to be pros at dismantling these things. Soldering would make this more permanent but we are trying for the plug and play style I am sure.
where's the custom back with laser etched design and backlight?
Do you sell these phones? I would love to buy one of your creations.
i loved your videos! the name "strange parts" is just fit your videos. all about strange parts. I have a question, can you put iPhone 7 plus' dual camera to the iPhone 7? it would be so cool
what app you used to translate?
the kit is still available as of 9pm eastern time 22aug2018
i hate apple products but these videos are amazing. i now really want to go to shenzhen and just explore the markets.
Respect is so a good thing and you good at it, appreciate it. Like the talk with the designer. However the edits are different, not to want you see struggeling all the of time but it make sense to show effort, to give some idea how many time it takes to solve a problem. Your video's are mostly different, not as 'sleek' like others and that makes an import difference, that's the charme of your video's. Don't try to hide details because it seems not imortant to you or you think it is not important to others (or boring). Try to keep it informative like you did before. The short shots in between of country life is a great addition.
if it were 50, id buy it ,but 70 is so close to 100 to me for some reason, and for that price you should just buy a 5 dollar qi adapter, and put a case on it (which most do to their iPhones anyway) on top of that I know how much you guys probably manufacture these for. there are many documentaries in which describe how easy , simple , and cheap it is to make and produce things in China. i honestly think 40-50 dollars would be a great price. the housing is cool tho.
Hey is it possible to replace a 30 pin on an iPhone 4s with a lightning charger?
Amazing! ??
Are you going to be attending the Beijing conference where they release new products and toys? PLEASE DO, because I? want to meet you there!
Your old customized backboard for Strange Parts is pertty cool :)
Man, I love tech community. It trascends cultures and languages. Great video ??
When you think about it, he is basically just making an iPhone 8
You should make the ultimate iPhone 7 with wireless charging and a headphone jack,that would be quite cool
you have awesome videos man keep doing what you're doing
I know that this video only came out today, but I am a bit surprised that the kit is not sold out yet. I'm sure it is close, I bet it will be out by tomorrow like last time her some something
Anoyher very high quality video, thankyou!
I just use a MagQi with the connection to the lightning connector hanging out so I can disconnect it to plug in Apple Car Play. I've been doing that for over a year. No need to open the phone, I just put it under the case. :) Still, love you vids and the tear downs! Impressive!
i love your videos. continue it man
Its always amazing to see the passion and effort you make sharing this with the world, keep doing great as you've been doing ;) greetings from México!!!
Uhm, I would have used a solid material little piece instead of foam. I think that might solve the issue.
Is the language they speak hard to learn?
FLEX TAPE
See if you make an iPhone with USB-C
Your camera skills have improved so much, I love this video so much :)
Pretty cool how you communicated so effectivily with your Chinese fan. I'm glad he didn't take anything you said the Wong Wei.
So can u put A11 chip on iphone 6?
I love watching your videos. Very intereresting. And these chinese people, some proper brains over there. But my question, why didn't you just get iPhone 8? :D just joking, great video. I have an iPhone 7 too, loved to watch it.
I would love to see this on iPhone 4 mostly because the back is already glass and doesn't already have wireless charging. And cause it's an old iPhone
i don't think its really that hard, since you just have to put one of those adapters in the phone
but the thing is, all the new iphones have wireless charing anyway, but still cool I guess.
Yall out here preaching about how iphones are better but this mans videos have mostly been adding features androids have that iphones dont/didnt for a long time
Someone is going to sell this as an iPhone 8
"A CHINESE GUY"
Why everyone says metal back is not good for wireless charging while all metals are conductive in various levels?
Now add a USB Type-C instead of the Lightning connector :).
The only thing I noticed in this video. 34:27, is that knock-off Pump it Up? Those panels are unlike anything I have ever seen.
The interview with Yeke was amazing. Thanks for taking the time to edit it all together so smoothly. Please keep featuring DIYers from around the markets.
Love your videos. I've been repairing phone for over 4 years now, and love learning more from your vids. So thank you. They are both entertaining, and educational. I look forward to your future ideas. Also, just watching this video gave me a headache. I won't be trying this anytime soon, but I hope there are some brave "patient" souls out there who successfully complete this upgrade.
Foam tape doesnt work? WELL MAYBE YOU SHOULD TRY FLEX TAPE
Hi, can you customize an iPhone X ? Like what you did in this iphone ?
very very cool!!!
I have that exact same blue silicone soldering/parts mat!
WTF...nearly a 40 minute video of excellence. Great video work, and an excellent project....I loved every minute.
I love watching your videos so much. Even if they take a long time to make, id gladly wait for them
Do you think this wireless charging mod would work in a phone that also has your headphone jack mod?
I find it sad that the Chinese market chose the most locked phone in the market to make a lot of diying for it. I look forward to an android DIYing video.
Why does the introduction video have the same audio as the pornhub videos?!...
This channel is the only channel that I don't mind a 40 min long video
This is fucking epic man!!!!
awesome video! grat project! and hey! where do you get your music from?
I wish I could be there and try that on my custom iPhone's!!!
Great video my man! I always look forward to seeing them in my notification tab
can i get only the red cover with your logo on it, please??
apple gonna sue this channel down hahaha screw you apple charging so much for simple tech
Are you still in Shenzhen? maybe we could meet up..lol
excellent video, is there anything more you can do to the phone?? seems like you've done it all! If you plan on doing a different phone, Android would be great!
You are a savage and a legend. I love you bro. Best electronic projects i have ever seen.
Have you thought about building a Samsung Galaxy S5 to S7 Phone?
Is it just me or does anyone else want to know where the selves or part went.
Can’t wait for the next video.. amazing.. how about a dual sim iPhone for your next video. !!!
Handsdown,Scotty is the best vlogger and technician on youtube.Props to you Mate.
Handsdown,Scotty is the best vlogger and technician on youtube.Props to you Mate.
Brilliant, as always
what a jigsaw an iphone is
Would you be willing to do any Android phones like Samsung? Would love to see some of the things that you could do with those. Or is there just not the market for that where you are?
That first phone dismantling segment was really cool and well recorded. Just shows how intricate the making of our everyday smartphone is.
I literally want to walk into an apple store with this phone, ask them does it wireless charge, wait for them to say no, then test it and have it actually work ??
You should've used an iPhone 8 body and put the iPhone 7 internals
quit it with the creepy face thumbnails
Woohoo finally a new vid
Definitely want to see the proper guide before i buy it :P
I had wireless charging on my Galaxy S4. All the newer ones have it built in. Guess Apple can't afford to put in a wireless charger so they can sell replacement cords and worn out sockets. My G4 I just pulled off the back. Maybe you can boost the memory for the new Samsung 512GB microSD chips out.
Just plug the beggar in. Seems way too much faff to me and surely now the iPhone 7 water resistance has just gone clean out the window. Yes, it’s an interesting object lesson but there’s no way I’m butchering my iPhone 7 anytime soon.
iPhone ex ???????? its pronounced iPhone ten.....
Just a few thoughts. First you are awesome and you do things I couldn’t imagine myself tackling. Second when people bust Apple’s chops because it takes them a long time to bring new features to market they need to think about the reliability they bring to the table. Yes they lag behind Samsung and Huawei but they want to make sure their products work correctly and I respect that. For what it’s worth while I do own all Apple products I really respect Samsung and I love their products as well.
Efficiency of the wireless chargers are in general 50% so when you see the draw of 1 amps it is actually charging about 500 ma
I live in hk and I would like to go to his store to buy it, can you please tell me where is his booth, nice video I love all of your videos
How much cost the microscope you use
Wonder if he could do this to the OnePlus 6 lots of people thought with the glass back it could do with wireless charging.
Dude you are AMAZING !
Did you change camera? The image quality is better today... ^^
i knew you would cut yourself 10 secs before it happened. always move blades away from body parts, but i guess this advice comes a little late....
If you got an iphonr 7 with the storage bump, headphone jack and wireless charging it would be the ultimate iPhone 7
Awesome vid I wish I could get one for my 7+
You can buy a Qi sticker on Amazon that plugs into the data port to get wireless charging. No need to take apart the device.
I think Apple is searching for your phone number.
In this video: buy an iphone x. lol
Maybe you should sie flexible plastic and print the part in 3D printer instead od foam
Awesome love it
thumbs waaay up !
Hahahaha it won’t be an iphone anymore
Your not a hardware tech. Not even close!!! How long are you working on these 1 or 2 hours a day?
Can we get some iPhone six. I was considering buying an I phone seven just for this. Little out of my budget.
Easier just get a wireless charging case- lol.
So we can use Samsung fast wireless charging for the iPhone?
This will probably get lost in the comments somewhere and I’m sure it’s been asked before... but is there any possible way to mod the iPhone to show a notification light like on Samsung so users don’t have to unlock their phone to see if there’s a notification? Like at night waking up and looking across the room I can see my girlfriends phone blinking blue in the dark but I have to physically touch my phone to see if I have a notification. Is it possible? Or would you have to mod the firm/software to make it happen?
Waiting for Strange Mods Shop
While I quite enjoy your videos, after all this work just for some basic phone functionality I don't understand why anyone would willingly purchase or use an iPhone.
Can you add an NFC ? Writer and reader?
Hi love your vids!!! Could you please put the price of the parts that you use in your projects so we could compare them?
Ooooooo, you cursed. (For the first time)
Well done !!!
My friend, you just proved that the iPhone 8 is useless. Awesome video!!!
great videos, such a great vibe!
Where exactly can i find Yeke? Which Adresse/market booth? Thank you for this nice video!
Life tips from strange parts... I think this is a project for tomorrow... I’ve been saying that my whole life ??
I don't understand why apple did not do the same thing as aluminium is more durable than glass , having a cut out makes sense. I have always wondered if they could have used another material other than glass. In your headphone series you used a special circuit board, why is that not used more in circuit boards in phones ?
you're the guy that built an iPhone from scratch right? how was I not subbed to you before?
Budget iPhone 8 basically.
Now you are a pro iphone destroyer????
now the final act please, wireless charging with headphone jack on the 7! :D
hack the newer phones, add new hardward features like your doing to the old phones, then sell the phones, scale, hire people, turn it into a new thing!
Awesome video Scotty! Just love how you capture the all the problems encountered. Do you know how to get iphone7 working logic boards outside of China? Keep up the good work!
Hi Scotty, i think this idea can be improved a lot with a little modification to the main board connector. The issue you now encounter is due to very small tolerance in the connector for what I can see. If you could shave off the thickness of the added flex cable off the socket, this might even snap into place without added foam. For what I can see, the main board connector makes contact from the side, giving you maybe just enough room for some sanding or shaving off. Keep up the great videos!
man i love your screw drivers all of them send me a link or where to buy them
Almost million subscribers. Keep it up man. I loved your videos. ?? ?? ??
6s please!!!
Won't it interfere when using apple pay? Great video as always. Now put a fingerprint scanner on an iphone x ??
You should work for Apple your videos are awesome
What is the cost of a refurbished iPhone 7?.. Great video!!??
I really love your patience and calmness when things seem to not be going your way. I also think your grin and charisma make welcoming you super easy.
I love how open and honest you are to us, the viewers. showing the real struggle which comes with this mod. I'm sure other people, doing a project with the goal of selling stuff, would probably cut a way a lot of the footage showing how difficult it was to install the thing they want to sell. But not you, which is what I really appreciate. Good job!
4:40 THIS NIGGA EATING BEANS
A small question that i got is, how did Yeke(?) found out about all the pins that he needed at the connector? Did they just test all thr 28 pins (or how many there are) or did they got the scematics somehow from apple?
0:12 "MORE FOREST, LESS BUSHES" lmao
"I'm here with Wong Wei" "ye" "and you've seen my videos" "ye" "you only speak a little bit of english..." "ye" "okay..."
It would be great if you make a shorter videos
Why was the guy waterboarding the little Buddha?
Great video and nice job yeke ????. Honestly I'm good with my port charging
What an absolutely fantastic video! So humble in your approach to everything. It's such a breath of fresh air and a pleasure to watch your content.
In between random video shots are absolutely beautiful.
Can you make a magnetic charger?
You should do this with an iPhone 3GS or 5c they both already have plastic backs.
Is it possible to move the Touch ID to the back?
Another great video...
After watching one of these I always feel that any project is possible... I then try something and am brought back to reality but still so inspiring! I am currently trying to mod an old macbook pros touch pad and keyboard connector to work via usb for a raspberry pi in the casing. (My way of trying to reuse a totalled seawater damaged macbook) and always have one of your videos in the background to keep me persistent and humble in the face of project adversity just like you.
iphone 7 w/ headphonejACK and wireless charging and jailbroken? = best iphone ever.
when will you sell your own merch like shirts and like tech and stuff?
Love the videos you remind me of jailbreaking. you modifying apple's products will surely influence others to begin doing these things themself and truly spark the new wave of creativity and rebels to Apple's totalitarian reign over their products and bring back the freedom of owning what you bought instead of being controlled what you do with it.
You're an inspiration. Your future will be bright
YOU NEED TO ADD THIS TO THE IPHONE 4S !!! so its like the iphone X
70 bucks hahahah im sure you bought it for 1 bucks hhhhhhhh
Upgrades the iPhone 6s or iPhone 7(with headphonejack)with it so your iPhone 6s/iphone 7 (with headphonejack)will be the king of all iphone and also how about some NFC
Hi
Have you tried duck tape it seems to solve everything ??
stop shaming apple xD
Genius !
Love your videos. When you first went viral, to your video with Linus, every video you put out is inspiring and shows what happens when you learn from your mistakes and don't lose sight of your goal. Thank you for everything that you do to provide this content and I would love learn more from you personally about your mindset and what helps you push forward. I think a lot of people want to know what it takes to be so positive like you.
Is it possible to have a type C connector on an iPhone instead of lightning?
Do something with android phones please!
Above all you're a great storyteller. Entertaining to the last end.
Make iphone 7 bezel less :/
How old is Scotty? He looks hot.
How come you always look to the left when you talk? Do you have tourettes or a twitch or something? No disrespect meant, I'm just curious as I watch all of your videos and just noticed it.
this is your best video to date
This guy just basically turned his iPhone 7 in to a product red iPhone 8 just add the a 11 chip
did I hear right? "ni ha" - "don't sayin 'ni ha'!"? 13:45
Pretty amazing video.. always wait for your uploads! They never fail to amaze me!
I need for iphone 7 plus ...
Someone told me that in china there is no middle class. Then why the fuck since the starting of your channel im seeing middle class chinese people in your videos?
Awesome video. I really love this kind of DIY stuff. Thats why i will go to Shenzhen i November to the market and shop some cool stuff. Where can I/we find Yeke if we are in Shenzhen. Like if he is near the Huaqiangbei in witch building, floor and stall number?
I’m a big fan of your videos, thank you for the interesting content.
That looks like an expensive hobby you got there.... nice work.
Only your channel am I happy to watch 5 adds on I enjoy every minute of your videos
Love your videos. Deserved the growth!
oooo sweeet new strange parts video !!!!!!
Yee
I have problem with my iPhone 6, connector doesn’t work if I don’t plug the headphones it is really weird and annoying I used it about a month and it started working normally for a week then it fucked up again I don’t know what to do
You're the Bob Ross of this generation. I can never ever get bored watching you and hear you speak. I wish you could post daily. Keep up the great work!
Nice structure of the video strange parts this is a awesome video
That moment when you think that is just putting a flex cable under the connector easy job , but...No it is not that easy . Even Scotty struggled doint it ,great video by the way keep doing these cool projects ,many thanks
In the past it was said Made in China stands for bad quality. For me today Made in China means a kind of quality of its own.
so this channel transformed into an apple fanboy place?
Very nice video! Although I prefer multiple shorter episodes instead of one very long one. I'd say about 15 minutes max. That also gives you more channel views ;) Anyway, great video, keep up the good work!
Again a great video to watch. Maybe just an idea for improving the product... Perhaps sell a battery with the wireless charging pad (including a single 'connector', without the need of a passthrough) already integrated in each other. The product might be a bit more expensive (as a battery must also be included), but is less prone to error as you just have an 'original' connector to connect, as the passthrough seems to be the culprit.
I love your Videos. Wish you could make 2 videos. One shorter video and one Longer video(which you normally do). I sometimes don't end up watching your entire videos and wish I could see the just of your projects in a scaled down,shorter video.
convert the phone to use a type c usb port instead!
Please share the schematics that he gave you
33:36 its actually an ammeter Sorry for being annoying
Does it have a headphone jack though
Hey Scott! I love watching your videos and I was wondering if you could show us your apartment in a video, it would be very interesting to see. Thankss
I'd love to see you do something interesting with a Samsung phone, but I'm not sure what that would be. I've been repairing Samsung phones for three years now and they are so very differently put together compared to the Iphone. I have a feeling that the Samsung products doesn't have the same kind of after market mods as the Iphone does though.
Do a collaboration with JerryRigEverything
and Strange Parts is at it again!! A BIG THUMBS TO THIS GUY!!!
100k views day 1. Wow!
I was waiting for some time for a new video, this actually was worth the wait... looking forward for the new one :)
Love you did it but if iPhones Apple products in store explode and they make addons to mess with bord battery charging ports and PCB... must be on the back on your mind if it explodes.
My Siri got activated
please add Turkish language as subtitles.
What about replacing lightning with usb-c?
3:33 I bet “yeah” is the only English he knows ??????
I got a Samsung ad lol
Great! I'd enjoy one for an iPhone 6
I tend to agree to most of the comments below - brilliant job, great video, was very interestion to watch! Just one question: was there any way to put the wireless charger receiver underneath the Apple logo so that there was no need in a big hole on the back and the glass and all that? Like, when you was making your glowing logo instead of the Apple logo you cut your logo on the back of a case. Could it be possible to cut an Apple/Strange Parts logo and place the reciever behing it so that the metal back was intact? Just a thought and maybe an idea for a new project and video. ;-)
How you added ads to this video in china
can you make your own note 9? plzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz
Dude you are the inspiration that I can overpass my limits. I am starting to program in Arduino. Good job men.
Great video my friend !
Wireless Charging is the future. Also, this is how I Like Wireless Charging! (Since Samsung Already Have one)
You missed an opportunity to put "GONE WRONG (Blood)" in the title
Next we need the iPhone 7 512gb version with wireless charging and a headphone jack
Thank you for another great video. The assembly sequence editing was great! Now that you have a store selling kits will you have some other items for sale like strange parts stickers, t-shirts, or other kits?
Strange Parts: I want to build a thing China: okay call two weeks later China: as a random coincidence we have built a thing that is magically exactly like the thing you wanted to build. Come next door to your apartment, also a random coincidence, and we will show you how to install it.
Scotty your perseverance is awesome, watching you fail again and again was hard but the way you handle it is so humbling. Thank you for having a crazy adventure and letting us join in on the fun. P.S. never give up on your crazy crazy ideas :).
I really like his videos. I personally don't have skills to do these things, but I am happy to see others doing such amazing projects.
Damn that’s expensive
Does anything actually ever go right the first time?
Next project: Quick Charge?????????
You should start vlogging man you are awesome!!!
Build a Special Phone with Special Specifications like no other phone at this moment.
Well done. To be honest i Love Phones and i have to admit that i would'nt do that by Myself. Too Scared of breaking anything.... or just screw up by Losing the screws.... Greetings From Germany!
wow so not worth the hassle. Thanks for showing that though :-)
Hey man! Love your videos!! Would be hard to make a Pixel 2 with more RAM and a bigger battery and solve the problem that Google seems to not be able to? I see you working with iPhones all the time, so here is a new challenge haha. Keep it up!!!
The only Youtuber that I can watch a 40 minute video straight and still be interested! Love your vids man please keep them up!!
Anyone who wants a 6s kit reply to my comment to let him know.
I think the real issue is that you went out for dinner and came back and the phone was STILL charging. I'll stick with my OnePlus 5T wired Dash charging, in the time you went out and ate, the phone would have been fully charged.
I want a "pimp my iphone" series
how many screws did you loose
Awesome edit by auram and you!
Can you do a video on upgrading the ram on on iphone
That's why I like electronic so much. Didn't exist ... And Someone created. This is fantastic. Congratulations for sharing that.
Yo have yo make a iPhone with Jack wirelles charging logo lightning
I love these projects so so much. Also I feel like your Chinese has improved so good job on that :D And keep the Shenzhen street shots, makes me a bit nostalgic, but always great to see some shots of one of the best cities on this planet.
Why couldn't Apple have given us wireless charging years ago. Just one connector and a bit of foam. Simple.
They should sell it so the wireless charger pad is soldered to a battery so all you need is to buy a battery with it already soldered in. So no need to take in and out the logic board or having to lineup the connector
Can you make a video explaining how you got to this point , you said you were a software engineer (the job I wanna go for) but u do all this kl stuff. Great videos
would you consider making Strange Parts logos the same size as on your phone so that I could put one on my pixel 2xl? I think that would be cool. Thanks for all of your content, really enjoy what you are doing.
Wait. Can you add wireless charging to an iPhone 4S
Wow cool xD
Your editing gets better with every video. Jealous.
Maybe you can change an Iphone from Lightning to USB C
I would love to see a 512 gigabyte iPhone 7 with the headphone jack and wireless charging
How do you access youtube from China? Why do people in China look so strange at a guy who films himself on the street? I thought they were a bit more advanced...
Or just get a samsung, it had it since the samsung galaxy s6....
Now the ultimate wirless charging, headphone jacked, 512 gigs iPhone is possible!! You should totally do it!!
20:59 THAT BATH DO :v
Great Video! Really enjoying to watch you doing this amazing stuff and showing the processes and people behind this modifications! Sorry for bad english skills, greetings from germany! ??
If on IPhones were written "Designed in China, assembled in California" it could be much smarter :D
The Amazing man does it again. Although one thing I would like to know is this, do you think this will cause the battery to degrade and spoil quickly like in a case where a person buys or uses a bad charger for their phone?
You're absolutely amazing
I was just going to sleep at 1.45am and this pops up. Stay strong eyes its only 39.14 mins more.
Scotty, question for you, where do we find that mat that you were using?
Will it work with AirPower wen it comes out
6x Ads? Is that necessary? Maybe 4? ??
Why does the iphone look so tiny in your hand ??you must have big hands
How much did you have to pay for the first iphone?
The real star in these videos is Apple. It shows how beautifully designed and engineered the iPhone really is. Truly a work of art.
What to say , great video keep up you adventures !!
You need to make it have a back light too for the logo AND have it so that it blinks like at 22:26
Are you moving??
At 32:45 what mat is that you are using also you have inspired me to brle like you
I haven't the slightest clue as to what you're doing in most of your videos, but boy is it entertaining!
Can u do that for one plus 6?
I want that phone! I love the color!
Your storage needs more video.
Do you know what microscope camera your using? It's really good quality picture, I've bought two cameras and the quality isn't good at all. Thanks
I'm just waiting for a non-apple project. A premium smartphone is a premium smartphone, you should be able to do this stuff to anything. There may not be as many ready made 3rd party parts, but that's what the channels all about right?
Your videos are very inspiring
Next upgrade, a coffee maker.....
just get a samsung
You sir, are an inspiration.
Can you do it on an iPhone 4 because it already has a glass back?
20:58 You are not doing it right
How to trick people into thinking you have an iPhone 8
i realy enjoyed this video series so much!!! please keep it up!!! greetings from berlin, germany!!!
This is a really fun idea. If I was rich and didn't have exams to worry about, I'd be all over this. It'd be fun to get an update later on how it went with the experiment. How fast it sold out and stuff~
How much is he getting from the 70 bucks?
I am wondering if you could put the bad of the wireless charger below a dbrand venyl thinking
Do u have any for 7 plus?
Can you setup everything and sell the phone
Does anyone have link for this kit on AliExpress?
Just buy an android already!
Awesome video ever want to visit Pakistan ???? lahore just saying ??
This video is so beautiful.
Try to put force touch on iphone 6
Have respect for Made in China products.
I absolutely love your channel. The quality and originality of each video more than compensates for the quantity. If only we had markets like these in the states!! Keep up the great work, hope to see another video soon.
What about ip rating on an older iPhone, you know like the iPhone 6 or iPhone 5...
Hi, well done. Very good work. I like your channel, but 70$ for the kit? I`m sorry, not for the “adventure” of maybe killing an iPhone7. To expensive.
Cool editing. You could of used the conversion kits and made it look like an Iphone 8 which has a glass back. Would of made it easier
bruh these chinese are crazy. The connecter situation is just brilliant:)
Watching this on a charching up iphone lets me look if i damaged the cable everytime i hear this sound.
Your videos are absolutely incredible
Scotty and his bloody red phone :)
Lightning to USB-C conversion ?
amazing video
Next episode: How We Added Self Deployed Airbags to an iPhone - in China
Hi Scotty. How about looking into fitting something like that to the Apple mac mouse so it wont have to use that stupid charging port on the bottom of the mouse ... ;)
U should Collab with Jerry rids everything
What about making a back plate with no hole of lighting connector and make an iPhone with wireless charging only
Can i buy your modification iphone? so great upgrade..
Remove the notch next on some phone with it. That area doesn't need touch functionality but you can take it as a bonus challenge if you want ;)
The thing I love about your videos is that you show you messing up. That is what doing any of this is like. A lot of trial and error.
I like your videos and ideas, now how about taking the inside of an iPhone ( maybe the logic board only ) and put it inside a different phone, for example a Samsung or Huawei phone that has a wireless charger, a headphone jack, dual sims and usb c connector, basically an IOS in an android phone! I think this well be the ultimate project.
Just put a glass back on it and put a wireless charger in it bam you're done
This so amazing keep up the good work scotty.
??????? ???????? ?????
maybe it is better to weld in some way, than to depend on the pressure
Love your vids. So interesting!
Great video as always, I just love you enthusiasm when throwing yourself into a new project! Shenzhen truly must be heaven for anyone into electronics hacking and tinkering!
I absolutely HATE Apple, but I find your videos very interesting.
I think iFixit could be a great sponsor if you want any. They have sponsored YT channels in the past so there is a possibility.
This video gave me chills, honestly I enjoyed it so much! I love how you are so humble and respectful to the people you come into contact with. I also love the fact of all the modding and different ideas. I love seeing a project come together, also love the scenes where the video cuts to different things going on around the city! Please keep up with what you're doing! It's absolutely fascinating! Thank you!
Apple will go nuts, if they watch this??
I’ve been asking for you to do this for months. I don’t know if u did this from my comments, but thanks for this worth the wait
buddy can i send you my huawei mate7 to modify it lol
Could you make an ultimate iphone 7? Led apple, led speakers, wireless charging, headphone jack
U r a amazing guy tht i ever saw u on youtube compared to other
Well excellent, thanks for great video. Love your videos . Can not believe how clean the streets are .
Couldn't the pressure on connector issue be fixed with swapping sponge for rubber? like hard rubber mat cut to right thickness.
Talk to Gamers Nexus They sell anti static matts -> they sell usefull produkts to their fans like you maybe they can tell oyu about shippping and stuff :P
Put a new ram chip in ur custom phone
Hey sorry I’m a repair technician and repair a shit ton of iPhones and noticed one thing you did that isn’t really recommended, on an iPhone 7 screen, always put the plate on before the camera/proximity flex and the home button, I’ve seen people damage the screens and the home buttons by putting the place on afterwards , just a tip??
Great video but always love all your videos
can you start modding android phones too?
I'm commenting since minute 7, your patience and will is to congratulate man , I would've left it open lol ??
This guy just keeps blowing my mind. Amazing.
Only speaks a little bit of English and can only say "yeh" lmao idk why I thought that was so funny. GG tho man this video was awesome!
the conversation was beautiful
Awesome video again and amazing skills :) Your video editing is impressive. From what I understood some is doing this work for you, correct? So a question come to mind. When you are filming your work at your own desk, who is filming? I am talking about the B-roll of the assembly... Thanks for what you do. I think it is in the likes of Rich the guy who rebuilds Tesla cars. No large corporation is protected from the ingenuity of its clients.
It's a sheer resistance issue - the plugged cable with it's connectors have the right resistance to allow the phone recognizing a charge "happening".... though it actually is charging. It has to do with the software and how it's written - certain perimeters need to be served to make the phone displaying the info "phone charging"...
6:36 "thats about it for today" i was thinking 'no already'
What happend to your voice man
As a person who loves tech. These videos are the most entertaining things in the world
Holy heck! This is fantastic, I am inspired by your channel.
the most important thing has the jack?
Try to put dual camera
Now put a headphone jack in it
I don't usually comment videos, but this was an impressive project. Really liked interview part too, gave some depth! Good job!
Been subbed since 40k. And ur close to 1mil! Woah!!
Add wireless charging to a iPhone 4
Knowing you got a Chinese fan base you gotta at least try and get Chinese captions now
Absolutely brilliant!
yea
Just get a android
Will it also work for an iPhone 7 plus?
I suggest a leaf spring from ss steel springs instead of compressible tapes
Wrong way?
Mod a iPhone X
USB type c in a iPhone?!
Love your content! It's so awesome to be able to peer into such a completely different world that I myself would never have lived in or known about without this channel! Keep it up :D
Bro..love you..and what you make...the small dissapointment is your videos are half a day...so I have to watch multiple time..could you make it like a part1/2... One video every 3-4days..just a sugestion..I love you
That connection is very dodgy, I thought this as soon as I saw it, I think it will be problematic unfortunately. Lesson learned don't buy apple, great video.
Real nice just wouldnt it have been easier to use the 7 that you put the headphone jack into? Anyway real nice as always keep it up
Basically an iPhone 8 now lol
You deserve more subscribers then 900k subs
I follow your channel for quite some time now and i really love all your video's its amazing to see what you do and to have a look at the chinese market...i have a question, what is your experience with the Nintendo Switch? Because as you may know it doesn't have bluetooth and I was wondering if it is possible to build it in?
i would love to see a video of you upgrading the storage on a iphone 8 plus just because it is so new and i think there are gigantic options for the amount of storage
What is STRANGE PARTS ? JUST A YOUTUBE CHANNEL ? NAH IT'S AN ADVENTURE ??
i totally love these videos xD
Yeke should have his own YouTube. Damn he's clever.
any kits for a iphone 6?
Subscribed Your video is amazing Keep up the good work ????????
TBH, your videos are getting boring, every video has the same pattern. Bring some change.
Awesome work
Hey Scott! Could you create a dongle which does converts lighting to 3.5" audio jack? Essentially a lighting female to 3.5" male dongle so I can connect we can connect iPhone earphones into a regular audio source.
Great video again and good job Yeke really smart. Today i swithed for the first time a LCD from a galaxy j3. Not that hard for some people but it was the first time i swithed a LCD screen. I bought it online from China. So i like to fix phones but i am just a rookie. I only did a screen swap for a s4 and fixed a few s4 phones by swapping some elements. Now i orded another j3 LCD and hope to fixe more phones. I am a crypto currencie miner and i mine a currency called Electroneum with the phones i buy and fix. A lot of fun. Thanks for this video and can not wait for the next video. :P:P
I am currently at like 12:30 and he's almost finished, why is the video still so long? :D
Great project, but you could do same thing with cheap Qi receiver, just plug cable in charging port and stick receiver to back of the phone, much simpler than all this surgery
Satisfying edits
ARTILLERY ONLY!!!!!!!
Please can you give this phone to me with strange part logo Thanks for yak.nice technology.
do more factory tours please
Steve Jobs wants to know ur location
Really good efforts. Very impressed.
Now make a PERFECT IPhone that Apple has never been able to make: a IPhone with both Wireless Charging and 3.5mm jack.
Is it possible to do this with an iPhone 5?
iPhone 7 +
Nice but can you make it on huawei? Cuz i want to try it too
3:33 "ye"
Hey , amazing video , i have been watching you and waiting for you to make more cool projects , can you send me a private message or an email because i think i can give you a hint to make this very stable. and i you agree i am willing to risk my only iphone that have, take care and god bless you
Are u going to fix that white front on black case ?
What a brilliant young man. I would be interested in a 6s kit in the future if possible. Thank you for the great video btw!
These techy Chinese market-type shops must feel like candy-land for techy savy enthusiast like this dude.
I want to see an iPhone 10 with the headphone jack...
Can u do a q&a about yourself?
Incredible journey, What a impressive upgrade. I have one concern and i thing your struggle is base on that. The connection of the wireless power board rely only on flat cable contact touching the connector soldering. Soldering is not consistent in thickness and shape. This connection is far from being perfect and is prone to, miss connection and oxidation. Clever trick, but reliability??? Keep your good work.
Amazing job!!!!!!!!!
Cool project, and very interesting as usual :) Any plans for hacking an apple watch?
GOOD VID
Nice project ??
awesome video....wireless charging for android
Hello, hello, can you please jointly design the schematic of the automatic disconnection circuit? I want to know if you can, thank you.
Wish i can do in india
I added a pad to an acer liquid Z320, worked for a while then battery seemed dead would not charge. LSS a 1 penny cap shorted out in phone power filter killing the phone, batt etc.........
Respect
Very few YouTube channels will make you get off the computer and do something productive! And this is one of them!
Love your work! it's awesome!
How about designing and make a mass produce phone. better features anything else in the market. Call it SP01. :)
Is there any way you could install a screen like you have it on the iPhone X on an older iPhone ?
I actually enjoyed the ads haha
Nice informative video, like that you also your mistakes/failures. That's part of learning how it works ;-)
When r u gonna come back to dubai
These kind of mods are hard I did similar mod to PSP to add Video out and PS2 controller plug in used same kind of pressure contact method. your headphone jack used ribbon cable much more reliable but not possible in some situations. don't take it personally I reopened and tried my PSP mod kit many times back in 2009/2010.
Awwww man, I really would like to try this project for myself, I already have the tools and have worked on many iPad's in my time, but never an iPhone, if you still have a kit for sale by the time I can afford to buy a used iPhone 7 to try it on, you'll have a customer in me. It's so good to see this not only being produced, but being sold around the world in such a way that anyone can buy one regardless of where they are geographically situated. Good on both of you guys for the design and for having the will to sell this further afield.
I remember when I was trying to wire up an eternal power source for my iPhone 2 with a bunch of AA batteries. All I wanted to hear was that damn happy charging chime. So fleeting.
There no YouTube in China if it’s there we can gain more knowledge
Scotty's alive! Haven't heard from you in a while, was starting to get concerned!
4Real, i LOVE YOU, your videos are awesome and its good to see what is possible at home (with correct hardware and knowledge)
Get infinity display or 18/9 or 19/9 display on older iPhone
6s Pleeeaaaseee :D
Today you made my day!!!!!!
you should be sponsored by ifixit
DIY my ass...das majik
China man China ????
thank u for talking to the creator. its really interesting
You’re the best
Next video headphone jack iphone X
great video man...im commenting halfway through the video and i just had a crazy idea:- HOW ABOUT YOU TWIN-SIM AN Iphone??!!
Engineer question: how do you deal with magnetic shielding to avoid induction heating of other elements in the phone, or is it not an issue? I started a similar project on a ZTE and scrapped it because of crazy overheating issues whenever it was on the coil.
Next is Bezel Less IPhone 7
Why not make an iPhone X with a headphone charger & glowing apple logo Also iPhone 7 with wireless connection, headphone jack & glowing apple logo Strange parts Thanks
What an amazing job Scotty.. congrats!... Is a pleasure see you videos... Chinese engineers are in other level...
sure is cheaper the the 900 euros i pay 4 mine
I would love to see an Iphone SE version
u are in china..why u dont buy a p20 pro?
Can you please help us I am look to buy some products to sell in the UK as I am starting A wholesale business can you please help how to do this when buying from China
I think you should try to put a iPhone 10 screen on a iPhone 7
Woudln't soldering the cutout to connector solve the issue? But I used the external Qi charger patch on my SE below a plastic cover, but heating up is a bit of concern. How does this kit, heat up the battery?
now build the ultimate iPhone 7 with headphone jack + wireless charging + 512gb storage ?
Your video are so long but it's so interesting that the time passes away really loved your work can't wait to try it out
Dude iphones are for children do something more impressive
Grate job Ecco..!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Can you pls make an ipone with usb type c?
Awesome Video Keep it up :) :)
I honestly live for these uploads.
Ah, I can smell the baked Apples from here! ;^) Seriously, THIS IS NOT A NEWBIE PROJECT! I'd suggest some step-up projects before tackling this. I think a laptop upgrade would be a great start. Start with the very basics: Upgrade the RAM and exchange the HD for an SSD. Make sure it works, then take it completely apart, every last screw and clip, then reassemble it. This will get you familiar with compact electronics, but on a scale that doesn't need a microscope. Next, get a cheap used phone with a cracked screen and replace the screen and battery. The main thing here is to get used to working at a tiny scale. Like, no caffeine, OK? Then, take it completely apart, all the way down, and put it back together. Don't start until after a full list of recommended tools for this kit has been posted. If you have none of the needed tools, plan to spend more on tools and parts than the cost of this kit! There is nothing worse than stopping a project in the middle to wait for tools to arrive (that's when teeny-tiny parts evaporate away). Don't be afraid to go cheap if you don't think you'll be doing much more of this. For example, my banana-sized hot air gun cost $8 on sale at Harbor Freight, and my "microscope" is wearing two pair of cheap +2.0 reading glasses at once (which works amazingly well). The Ikea JANSJÖ LED lamp is a decent work-light, so get two!
Nise due
I bet if there’s enough time and resources, this guy can do anything with his limitless tenacity. Inspiring.
Can you collab with jerry rig everything
Another great Video from you
Wow man you engineering the shit out of this things. Apple should hire you but i dont know that would be good for your creativity...
Super BGM Very nice!!!
Brilliant proyect as always, greetings from mexico city :)
Alrighty now i have a question for you this might be challenging and might not so here it is: Can you make an iphone 7-8 waterproof again if u have disassembled it before ?
Is that guys name really Wong Wey? I wouldn't ask him for directions.
100 units is like nothing for those chinese vendors. I think he is only polite.
3:44 PORTUGAL na TV crl!!!!
This guy is amazing one day scotty will make his iphone fly too :D
58 Apple Employe thumbs down
please make a video about modifying iphone 5s
Man I didn't even remember your voice!
1amp to 1.5 amp true small strip that touches the soldered feet of connector is quite n hack that will come to bite you eventually ... just saying.. keep flame proof mat close by when you go to sleep and nothing fabrics close by so you dont die while sleeping on house fire.. It will work for while , but dont expect it to last long as oxygen starts to corrode the contact points when it heats up and cools down and moisture starts to form on connector area..
Is there one for oneplus 6 ?
You're video is stir up my curiosity!! I want to watch more video:)
This is just amazing. Fantastic video Scotty! I really enjoy your creativity for contents. I dont even own an iphone and watched this through. Try expanding your horizon with videos for other devices too like samsung, one plus, HTC, etc. Good luck in Shenzhen!
1:56 Am I the only one who thought he is going to say Dremel?
So, will you make some iphone X mods? Is there something special in China for X's? Thank you for videos.
Awesome video as per usual, just one question. @ 5:35 you didn't disconnect the battery first. Any reason for this? I always disconnect power before I start work on any device. Thank Stranger Parts
Now get that iPhone 7 with the Strange Parts logo, glass back and wireless charging, and put a headphone jack in it! That's gonna be like a Strange Parts special limited edition iPhone 7 with headphone jack and wireless charging.
Well done bro!!! Was waiting for your video!
A kit that wouldn’t look out of place on a production line is not DIY. Kudos to all of you.
here's a suggestion for a project related to this one, try adding nfc to a phone that hasn't got nfc.
Every time I see these videos I'm always distracted by the concept of recording people, recording factories, recording businesses. I wonder if the approval/rejection rate of "can I record here/you?" is higher/lower/same in Shenzhen vs. anywhere in the U.S., Canada, Europe, etc.
Make airpods
I think it would be good to invest in a gimball or something because the software stabilization is a bit disturbing
28:15 maybe the iPhone detect a chip in the cable and allows the charging. The wireless charger doesn't have any apple chip and it just ignores it
You should combined it with the iPhone 7 with the headphone jack!
no skip ads
dudee, love that process let's appreciate yeke for his idea awesome
China
Not to brag, but couldn't you just buy an iPhone 8 and put a different back glass on it? Just saying, it really does look like the Product RED iPhone 8 (nonetheless great video and great experiment!!!)
The blinking light mod is pretty sick lol.
Scotty these are the videos I love from you! There so great and this is what separates you from everyone else x
Wow that’s amazing
Making iPhones better than apple
What part of china is this? I don't remember
dying for this in the red in iphone 7plus
God! I love your videos.
China is wayyyyyy ahead ....
Hi Scotty I know I am 3hours late,but still great video keep up the good work Scotty what will be a reasonable price for an iPhone 6s Plus I would like to do some of your mods on it
I don't know why wasting your time On apple
Your videos are always a good adventure! Even for us Samsung users!
Next challenge: Install USB C!!
It’s not the same quality and you have to be specific in where you place your phone
By far the most interesting channel on youtube. Keep up the good work scotty!
i wonder if you could install a speaker upgrade thats more music focused , we have lost audio quality in recent years due to wanting slimmer phones i remember at its peak of mp3 / music phones with like the sony Ericsson walkman phones they had decent volume and quality with a some what decent bass but everything sounds a bit tin like these days. was just wondering if out in china they might have speakers that small that a good that are not being put into phones for some reason . just a thought ! :) great vid as always (or if not do a vid /series of doing as many upgrades to 1 phone as possible) :)
this guy can shut down apple if he wanted to
This is superb Scotty!
I mean if I had that china marketplace I'n my reach, a iPhone is the last phone I would buy.
Well done amazing video/+idea can you do like a part whare you tall us the prices pls
Try to add solar charger
1amp is too slow.
Wouldn't you need the glass backplate to install this?
800th COMMENT GREAT JOB
This is like Tesla trying to tutor Edison. Quite literally, when you take their motives into account.
you're lit bro.
me patiently waiting for a give away
Actually, this kind of wireless charger attachment is very common on Alibaba or other online shopping website, and u can buy it under 5 dollars.
Dude this was sick!!!!
Uhhmm can anyone enlighten me, if apple will soon catch after them? Coz i wanna make the same stuff but in Canada..
I loved your videos man keep going ????
Always wait to watch your videos
Another awesome video. Always happy when new videos come out from you.
In the next episode of Strange Parts: "How to add a bigger battery to an iPhone"
I love your channel you are so calm uaaa support from italy ????
Hey why dont you try to put together the headphone jack iphone 7 you made and 512 gig storage and this wireless charging pad in one phone and make the ultimate iphone
I love watching and learning your channel and even sharing a few long distance laughs. I do have a question... have you ever considered doing anything with androids?
Hey Scotty, Mike Boyd (somebody you might be aware of on YouTube) mentioned in passing he should try and make his own phone in his latest video. It'd be awesome if you guys could collab on something, might be worth trying to contact him! Love your videos Scotty, always excited to see a new post from you!
Finally new vid "!!! why so late !!
Another awesome video. Greetings from Chile!
Amazing video ! Thanks to your videos I’m now saving up cash and hopefully next year I will be walking around in same market -that’s my goal ! As I’m repairing phones on daily basis I very often was thinking about these kind of “extras” mainly just experimenting with parts swapping like Samsung wireless charger connected to lightening port iPhone 6 as you mentioned- soldering it inside to it (yes I manage to get it charging but with screen down - only issue was that it didn’t last long and you could see “something under screen ) as alu body won’t let signal pass ) .. anyway great videos man ! Keep it up !
Apple has to hire this guy for real he's doing what Apple hasn't or isn't
Very awesome video, i like how it is edited and all those shoots with people in the streets, good luck in the future.
Need plastic shims not soft foam
Another awesome video, thank you Scotty!!!!
I think you should make a video about upgrading/adding a new camera to an iPhone.
Wonder if you could take that glass back off an iPhone 8, and replace it with something more robust that could still be charged wirelessly. Even if it's just a cut out window over the charging plate covered in thick plastic. I dunno. hahaha
This video paves the road to 1M ASAP
I really love your videos, it's really great to see what is possible
Dear Apple,Hire That guy who designed PCB unconditionally.
@0:09 Okay, what about the software implementation? Does it work because of the internal connectors?
You are the only youtuber that i can actually watch the whole video without skipping! Keep up the good content!
You are new "Jonathan Ive"... ????????
Another super interesting video, Thanks.
Apple should hire people like these who keep taking things back to iphones.
First day first show....
cool video again! I love the videos, when they have a duration of >30 minutes. Sit back, grab some food and watch :D Maybe some more videos like 'Inside the RFID Stickers from a Chinese Cashier-less Store' would be cool :) thanks!
everything can be happen in China
Holy adds. sets of 2 adds back to back whyyy YouTube this will be your downfall
Best vid untill now, you really getting the hang of it!
Well done dude, yet another awesome video. That jaka dude is a genius!!! Give him a high five from me next time you see him
If the main difficulty is making a good connection around the pcb plug, why not design it to attach by reflow soldering? There is already solder on the plug and a little extra on the wireless ribbon with some user applied flux might make a reliable connection once soldred. If the ribbon were made with Mylar you could solder it directly with an iron. Alternativly, it looks like you were applying foam tape on top of the plug to press the wireless charging ribbon against the pcb? Why not make a thin foam backing for the wireless charging ribbon that gets compressed under the plug when the shield is screwed down?
Hello can you make more Headphone Jack Circuit Board
Waiting for the next video
Excellent video. Thank you. Your subscriber from Russia:)
You have a small link problem in this line: "Music (all tracks licensed through http://strangeparts. com/artlist ): "
Congratulation! Your iPhone is very very smart. It's very very cool your project and your iPhone is approaching an iPhone X! Congratulations on your project for iPhone 6 and for the commitment that you used to learn all this for only one project you've never touched ... Thank you for the commitment you have used...
I always love watching these vids keep it up man !
Why this is not on trending..!
Amazing video!! Been following your videos for a little while and really appreciate the effort you put to bring to us these very interesting contents. Will be in Shenzhen in a couple of weeks to buy a phone, could be nice to get some tips from you. Wish you loads of success!!
Add gddr5 ram in a phone
These videos always inspire we to mess around with my phone
Sir I want it.....
This is absolutely amazing!
I love your videos! I get every time very impressed by your work. Keep on the awesome work!!
Why don't you solder both flex at connectors ?? . Awesome video as always ?????? ,keep coming like these cool hacks .
this is what i call quality content
headphone jack and wireless charging both in an iPhone 7? :v
Everyone and everything in this video was awesome!
Here before it gets viral ?
Shame on you apple
Love the idea. You thinking on working with Android phones?
Hey Scotty, you're in China, but you're posting to YouTube, how do you get around the great Chinese Firewall?
Can't wait to tear down the phone I don't even own yet. Bought my kit and will have fun with my local repair guy, who will surely be begging for more.
Man you are Mr. Incredible!
Are you crazy man
Shenzhen is really a magical place imo
Why don't you put USB C in iPhone That's a great challenge Keep up
finally a video
??????…??
are you going to have a 7plus kit?
You are Genius.
Apple needs to employ this guy
Looks painful
*makes the iPhone 6 screen into a iPhone x
I just wondered why don't you use iPhone 8 shell instead
Oh my god i was waiting die this :0
Great, you incompetently installed a kit someone else designed, and now you're trying to sell it.
I’m a 16 years old boy... and i’m really interested about all your videos and project because you never give up and this take you to have all you want... I think you really good at this thing and I really love this thing in fact I’m doing high school of Electronic and I love Computer Technology... In future I hope to begin an Electronic Engineer and be good in this thing like you... DON’T GIVE UP, you are my example of life for this, really respect you :) P.S Sorry for my English... I’m not still good enough
Would it be possible to put a usb -c input in an iphone? faster charging and more universal?
Great video as Always! I think a really challenging and fun project would be to try and make a phone with all your changes into a single phone, so like adding the headphone jack, expanding the storage, adding wireless charging, and maybe even the light up strange parts logo with the laser etched back case. I think that would be amazing to try and get working even if you fail to get it working it would be awesome to watch anyway!
That restaurant looks good
Please add headphone jack to this iPhone!! ??
I would like something like this for the iPhone 5S.
Scotty u don't reply to our comments. Please make sure u do next time
Damm so now you can have a wireless charging, glass back and 800% storage iPhone 7. Let's call it the 7SP
Only at 26:41 but since it connects to the flex cable parts a "spring spunge" under the cable pressing it upwards would be more logical than pressing it down, there are a bit of air up and down there. Or add solder to the 4 pins on the wireless charger so they get a bit higher. Maybe you guys say that but just had to get this of my chest. Continue watching now :D
Such a unique channel man keep it up!!!
Is there anyway to flash iOS on to the android phone...in previous video while doing expansion of memory of iPhone you copied total code using one kit.in the same way you copy code from iPhone.... customise according to android phone hardware and dump in android phone....
May i have that phone hehe
How can u upload a video on YouTube if u live I China????? Isn't there censorship for yt in there?
When the video ends faster than you'd like- and then you realize it's almost 40 minutes long. Good job man
Seeing translate work that good in a situation like that is pretty cool.
Awesome man. Really informative as well! Keep up the good work
Wow, What a cool video and cool little piece he made! Thanks for making the video
China has like a 105-108 IQ average. I'm not surprised that they're so industrious and creative.
I’ve been thinking about modding my iPhone. I don’t want to have to lose my rose gold though...
You are now my favorite youtuber. I have also come to a conclusion that traveling alone is okay. I love the dedication and fun you put in every video. ????
I love you brother do you love me.
To show my support to your new video I watched all 6 ads that appeared in the video, and 2 of them were Nokia 6.1 Plus.
Interesting stove and water on a meeting table!!!
Chinese market is Awesome...
Amazing! I learn a lot from this video.
I was hoping he would do something like this, I love these videos
I bet these people already figured out a way to remove notches from phones.
I wanted you to try this for a pretty long time
hey dan reynolds
Many people say China is shit they don't know anything......but they doesn't know the people of China is really intelligent. People who says this kind of thing they aren't good themselves....
To be honest I got my matte black iPhone 7 converted into a gold iPhone 8. I haven’t seen any other person in Houston do this. Its basically a gold iPhone 8 with a black screen & home button, if that makes sense. So if I was to get the wireless pad I wouldn’t have to cut anything I’m assuming if my back is already glass.
I have literally commented on one of his videos saying that his next project would be about adding wireless charging to an iphone
Man you never fail to impress with your innovation and hardwork!! Good work.
Beyond the enthusiasm! The 1st video with over ten million views make me doubt this channel will only be the one hit wonder and can't make it to even 100k sub But I was wrong! Good content and good fanbase, all you do is so amazing.
how about a link where we can buy just the internal wireless charging board assembly for our own DIY?
Why dont you get a 90' hdmi connector for the microscope
Can you change lighting to USB type-C?
why do you only do iphones can you mod a p20 pro plz
"DIY" "DIY" "DIY" "DIY" "DIY"
Amazing ??
Where is the best place to buy used/ refurbished iPhone 7 in general thanks if you see this
First
Next video: how to add 3d face scanning.
Is it possible to make dual sim port for iphone 6/7/7p/6p
This is just like the glowing apple logo kit and it would be amazing if this guys could integrate this two mods into one cable refine it and sell it like a replacement back on eBay like the glowing logo sells
@blackgeek
Great video again! You should do the same thing for the OnePlus 6. The 64GB model already has a glass back and i would definitely try this at home!
if the connector is pressed against the solder joints wouldn't it be easier to apply some heat and actually solder the connector to the board? maybe redesign the flexpcb/cable to contain another connector to maintain easy swapping of the charging module. I dunno how feasible that is but I think if that's possible it'd be a lot sturdier.
@blackgeek
I have learned from u a lot patience and hard work.becouse of u hard u got follow.great video sir.??????????.
How about change that screen to an OLED always on display.
is there a DIY way of adding waterproofing back onto a phone once you recked the gasket?
This video is soo fake !! The Chinese guy was using a calculator ???
Typical Apple, you need a cable Adapter for wireless charging...lol
Please do a giveaway of that scratch back glass your signature on it
What is the blue mat @32.41?
Could you do anything other than iphone stuff? I know it's whats been most successful for you but there's so little to work with there.
Does it buzz when using headphones via lightning cable? Just curious
Man that guy is genius Both of you can can do things that we can't ever imagine
I like you d’ont give up easy
why dont you use a jewler monocle to look at parts in the store in more detail?
Great video thanks.. I can feel how much of stress you had it failed.. How energetic you feel when you succeed cz am a tech ??
Really love the new video style
I wanted to watch but had to stop 1 minute in. Fisheye lens and shakey camera made me motion sick and nauseous. Either or in the future please.
Wow so gorgeous with the new pent
You can use an app called test m and it will give you a full report of the phone and shows your what works and what doesn’t
You are an inspiration to engineers like us...great job.
8:50 reminds me of Louis Rossmann's style of videos
Yeke, you a a goddamn genius
Charge time? :D
Hi, I did it. I already bought it and installed it on my iPhone 6s. AND it WORKED, but I don’t know why after I put everything back and everything did worked but it makes the 3d touch on some area of the screen hard to press (iPhone6s) because of the wireless charging receiving module is a little bit thicker than the other parts of the iPhone, it’s thicker than the logic board and battery beside it. but just I said before, it just a little bit thicker. but still, it affects the 3d touch of the screen. So I spent around 2 hours to make it as thin as possible, I pushed it to make it as thick or as tall as the logic board and the battery beside it. so it don’t affects the screen. But I still didn’t make it. At last I contacted the store, they said they want to contacted the company. And then the day after they replied me that the company can’t make it thinner, they also said that the original LCD won’t have this problem. So i tried to install again, I pushed until the maximum and i suddenly broke one part of the module, so i uninstalled it. Maybe I should buy another one to tested it out. I also bought for the iPhone 7, this one is more more hard to do than the iPhone 6s... I put foam on it, put three foam that is thicker than the one that the store gave me because i lost it. I put back everything, didn’t work. Put some pressure, it works sometime. I arranged the position of the module again and again. still didn’t works...... gave up, just put everything back with the module still hooked up. And I found ANOTHER PROBLEMS, the speaker (not the earpiece) didn’t work and the taptic engine is very weird. And then gave up hahahhahaha, uninstalled it. BUT STILL IT’S A BRILLIANT IDEA. I hope somebody will helped me to make it works ??????
Please build a iPhone 7 with wireless charging AND a headphone jack
actually divide the video in parts as it will be easier for us and and it will generate more rewinue and u can do more projects and more frequently
Oh man I ve been following you since day 1, you are teh reaon why I am coming to China this month! but I still have some worries can you please help me out here or wechat me @hmoumine
He's back...cinema mode on
Wow, google translate in China. Every time I went back home on vacation, the damn Gmail wouldn't even work, it used to a few years back even after google quit Chinese market. When I needed to search in other languages, I had to use Bing or buy a VPN somewhere because Baidu somehow always try to give me Chinese results that magically contain some of the foreign keywords even German.
Hey, I'm really interested in this but I'm not really happy with the way the red glass backplate looks. Is it possible to use a iphone 8 plus backplate?
Do you have a collaboration with JerryRigEverytihng? Maybe that would be awesome! Thumbs up!
These videos are so inspirational!!! Thank you Scotty!!!
i bet this guy sells the phones that are robbed in my neighborhood
what do you use for your triwing screwdriver? I cant for the life of me find one that I can get to work
Love the videos all the way from India. Would be great if you have something nice for android phones, like adding RAM as that's the major issue with android phones (old ones)
6 ads..... 6.
So you made an iphone 8
New project idea: water resistant/proof iphone/Android.
Niggardly stop apple go to Android now
I am a Malaysian who know English and Chinese I hope that next time Scott can just record your own or any other people while he saying chinese so it will be great for me or any others people who know both language Keep on dude, you are the reason why i always hope to go Shenzhen
Well I get that it's not easy but I don't get why apple didn't do it until iphone x. I would probably buy an iphone with a headphone jack and wireless charging.(cant stand the notch and the lack of fingerprint sensor though in iphone x)And I am a hardcore samsung user. Damn you apple. You have so much potential but no vision. (Sorry for the rant)
I want one for a 6s
iPads Next!
If you could put a charging coil in your custom phone that would be aweseome
I would have loved to see the illuminated logo show up in the strange parts logo on the wireless charging phone too
I feel very honored to provide iPhone for this project. I love your Videos I will always keep an eye on your work. ???????????????????????b????????? ???????????? ???????????? ?? ????der~ ????
Man your videos never disappoint!
Most informative and best videos !! Keep on the good work scooty !! Much love from India ????
nice and keep it coming i love to do stuff that is not done on routine basis
add USB-C to iphone vote up if you want to see USB-C on iphone !!
Nice !!!!
Sell the 7 Plus kit please!
Much love from Indonesia,,,, ??
lots of love from India we like Ur work one request groom Ur self very well, good work
32:51
Awesome! A lot of other people have commented this but for the next video can you change the lightning port into a USB-C port?
Awesome work man
Scotty, consider doing video card modifications as well! This is the market I'm in, and not iPhones. With the new nvidia cards just releasing perhaps a good opportunity! Adding a custom cooler or custom VRMs for example
this really is amazing!
When everything works...but in minute 17 * insert meme *
Love the conversation with the designer, definitely the most interesting part of the video.
Love every video that you post, it's very interesting and awesome to see. Keep on the good work okay
Great video but maybe change the title to adding wireless charging to an OLD iPhone? Then it would make more sense. Idk just a suggestion. Great video as always! ??
10:47 trying to use a lightningcable with a Anker wireless charger, I saw that ??
Change the charging port to usb type c pleaseee ??
Only utube video that I watch for 40 min
It's always nice to see you fiddle around until you get it done. Appreciate your efforts to verify that it's repeatable! Keep being amazing :D
I watch your videos it awesome
Finly new video
I keep looking at your videos and all the stuff you do to make the perfect iPhone, but it already exists, it's called a Samsung. You could just buy it instead
Weird idea: Is it possible to change the lightning connector to something else ? (USB-C, Micro-USB or something more exotic)
I'm sort of an apple hater. But what you are doing is totally awesome. I've seen your previous projects : making an iphone from pieces, the custom back, the led logo, the 512GB storage version. Keep up the good work.
Just buy iPhone 8
Im guessing at this point you can probably disassemble an iphone with your eyes closed and one hand tied behind your back! Awesome job. Great video.
i love ur videos even tho i dont understand anything
VIDEO WAS AWESOME "RED AND WHITE IT IS SO COOL COMBINATION" AMAZING #INDIANsqad
Just have the iPhone 6S, but this makes me to want to buy the iPhone 7 to test this kit! Great video as always!
I forget that this video is 40mins long. You make videos where it’s hard to stop watching. XD keep it up. Also why not make a cut out in the Apple logo? For the wireless charging. Like layer the coils in a compact style.
He is really good I think even an apple care support guy cannot do this, that is the power of self-learning.
You're amazing man l really love to watch your videos but how do you use YouTube in China I think it's not working there??
is that part can work on others phones? that's a cool part.
He is really good I think even an apple care support guy cannot do this, that is the power of self-learning.
you are a good person, it's nice to listen to you)
9:12 I suspect installation would be easier, and more reliable if the bottom flex to the Lightning Jack etc was taped to wireless charging flex around the edges. Then install the mainboard, and plug the combined connector in.
Started watching it had 19k views, ended watching 40 minutes later and it has 40k views. AWESOME! Super video btw!
That’s is great Job ??
Just casually disassembling iphones in a market stand...
YAAAY!!! I was sooo looking forward to a new of your building videos! Thanks!
Awesome!!!
You’re videos are just unnecessarily long and exhausting out. Why don’t you get to the point
Had a pretty depressed day. Your video lit my day up a little. Thanks. :)
MOAR LONG VIDS
How do you upload to YouTube from china?
Amazing work "beam me up Scotty"!
Happy to see u back after a long time... Salute to ur work????????
I love your Videos
Couldn’t you have put all of the parts in an iPhone 8 chassis? That way the receiver would be behind the glass instead of it just dangling out of the housing
Damn to think Yeke missed out on a video showing how he created this. Would have been trending on Youtube for sure. Poor guy did all the hard work and Strange Parts gets all the views.
Scottie PLZ keep making videos. I honestly jump forward when i see you have posted new videos. You deserve so much more recognition for what you are doing. Thank you man.
Bloody Ham Fisted Gweilo Interesting and entertaining Scotty Keep it up Cheers
9:09 i have the same HDMI cable haha ur great keep going
INSTALL THE LIGHTS ON THE BACK AND THE SPEAKER PLEASE I WANT TO BUY IT
can you put ceramic back for iPhone x and USB? c
This video is going viral. 37k views in one hour
I admire how you work. Again after again you are trying to make sure everything works fine. I went to Gunazhou and shenzen. I will go again for my work and i hope we will meet even coincidentally :)
Love it !!! Thanks for your videos !!
Do an apple watch! :)
Scotty, I hope this doesn't come off wrong but it's kinda great when something fails in one of your crazy projects. It turns into a much better learning experience and consequently a much more interesting video than if everything had worked flawlessly. Now to put a headphone jack back in your wireless charging iPhone!
China is my DREAM COUNTRY! I hate it when people attach low quality things to China. Those guys are geniuses!
Pirate
Any chance of this getting a version for the Iphone SE?
2k likes and 10 dislikes looks like Scotty has a captivated audience
Go crazy and just make your own android phone. That way you're not bound to iOS and hardware limitations. You're in hardware heaven. There is an appeal to making apple stuff do what it isn't meant to do to flip the bird to apple... But I think you could do something crazier.
I am genuinely impressed by the quality and content of your videos. Keep up the amazing work! Love your new edit style with music and culture! (please add some chinese music too if you have the chance!)
Love your vids!
Liked b4 watching ????
You need some glasses!!
2 weeks later: How We Built The Iron Man Suit in China.
This is my favorite channel on YouTube.
????????You can get everything you want in Shenzhen.
wow, 14 of em have already been sold
Why is Furious Pete a tech guy now??
Niceone, keep it comming ;-)
Awesome work, does he planned do this also for an iPad mini? (probabbly not, but I've had to ask)
?????
Off-Topic Question: Can you transplant an iPhone 6s logic board and Touch ID into a larger iPhone 6 Plus? Has anyone tried that yet? My biggest worry (aside from making it fit) is the large screen may not be recognized.
Awesome Video!!! About time you did a new video, I was having Strange Parts Withdraws!!!!! ??
I'd purchase if it was available for iPhone 7+ and perhaps if we could customize the color and design of the shell, this is a great business idea!
YOU ARE THE KING!!!
Realy enjoyed The video!! Keep it going. Cheers from Finland
i know nothing about “hacking phone” but when i look at your video, thats look amazing! and i never bored to see your video ?? keep up the good work bro your fans from indonesia
Now slap a big heatpipe on that rear case
I HAVE AN IPHONE X SO.., I DONT NEED TO DO THAT BUT , THANKS FOR THIS EFFORT IN ALL OF US AND THE BIIIG WORK DOING ALL THIS. YOU ARE PRETTY AWESOME, ANS YAKA TOO FOR DESING THAT WOW.
Many people say that this will ruin your battery very fast? :/
Amazing mod
If you r visiting India,please do visit Bangalore (indias city for tech lovers)....I'm sure you will love it there and maybe you can try some projects there
Ask him to put the kits on Ali Express or ebay. I’d buy them for every model
I just checked out your online store and it's amazing. I'm just wondering how I can build my own online store
That notification is the highlight of my day
what app are you useing to translate in the start of the vid?
Hey is there a way to install a front flash in an iPhone?can u please work on that
Hi
You put so much passion and effort into your projects... That's inspiring
It's so satisfaying to watch you working.
This is amazing what did you done!!!! My mind blows away when i saw the title. You are a realy smart guy. Thank's for this video and never give up this thing!!!!!!!!
The hero here is foam tape ??
you are awesome
YEA
Mod an Android phone just for fun plz cuz I want to see wat u can add to awesome Android
How much did you buy the iPhone 7 for?
Hello Scotty! I am at Shenzhen now. I am interested to put it into my iphone. Which part of huaqiangbei is that shop located? Haha
this video makes me wanna live in china
Where can I buy this for my iPhone X? oh wait...
Nice to see you using a mod that is an actual product, is your earphone jack in the market already? are there "knockoffs" already?
Hey... We would like to see some ANDROID HARDWARE MODS too, please. BTW, love your hardware mods videos
Man why do these people always turn back and look so strangely at you
Oh, My, Gosh, The man, the legend!! The Myth! He's back at it again! Superb video! I thoroughly enjoy all your videos and I'm always looking forward for your next project! Greetings from Mexico!
You should make a strange parts iphone + wireless charging + headphone Jack + light behind the strangeparts logo
Seperti belajar dikelas, caramu membuka mata saya agar tidak menyerah dalam proses kesuksesan. Thanks strange part, to blow my mind know. Nice job man. And i appreciate. I dont care bout the long videos. Cause in your videos, its the education. Once again thanks man.
is there something like this in hong kong?
What about the water proofing after you open the case?
Again another fantastic video. Thank you for your effort.
first of all i love your channel you make good work can you please make a video changing the charger port to USB-C
great work,but why you teardown the screen?
Vídeo top como sempre né. ;)
You should start carrying a Jewelers eye Loupe. Get a necklace version so it's always with you. So when you get your chip thingies you can expect them properly
Now add FACE ID in this...????????
Watch your finger. ??????????
After seeing your videos I wanna visit shenzen and mess around with electronics!
Awesome job!
Superb Videos! Amazing content! Love the videos!
Never clicked on a video so fast...
An iphone that do not have it??????? The single iphone that have one is iphone x .
..and an ace adventure it was! Thanks Scotty!
i think if you reflow the solder pads and thiking them little bit would be better
Thumbs up for your attempt at speaking Mandarin ??
What Iphone you use personality ? If iphone 7 or 8 why you don't buy for youself Iphone X ?
Your production quality is on a whole new level. Congrats!
39 minute video. Gotta get the popcorn ready!
really really nice video
Now I want to make a completely transparent IPhone... Not sure if it is possible but i wanna try it.
Your video editing is awesome
Yeke is cute.
you make good iphone humiliation videos, I like it. With the sky high price, iphone never gave enough features it should
Just buy a iPhone 8+ ??????????
What is the name of the backpacker... Maybe I bought some phones from him
that was great video and i love the long videos
The side bit about "backpackers" was super interesting! Thanks to the fan, and good luck getting your shop!
I so have to buy this even though I'm not a iPhone user and you make me want to visit China!! Damn the people there are so cool.
hey what is the app u use for translating
Appreciate all your vids @Strange Parts!!!
Man keep up the great job. I myself have to left hands when it comes to electronics but watching you work is somewhat mesmerizing. Love the longer format too :)
Again with the iPhone.
Damn I need that for my 6 and 7
Wow
Make a iPhone SE with a glass back, more RAM/Storage and maybe a better processor. Please.
I don't know shit about hardware modification... but seeing you do this is satisfying AF. KEEP UP THE GOOD WORK.
it's just nice to know that some features can actually be ubtained ... good job and thank You for the video  ????
gif that man a cookie !!
Fire ?? ?? ?? ??
you are such a nerd ! In a great way!!! love it! Hope you get to sell the 100 pieces! And Yeke open his shop !
Maybe you should add an USB-C port to an iPhone. This would be one I would love to adapt and have some real world usage out of it.
I want to build iphone 7 red and black with wireless charging ????
you can only put wireless charging on glass back, right?
I hade the same pression issues with a apple light at the back,it was working after several experiments but now my front camera its black ????
Maybe instead of relying on a friction fit which seems to be the weakest part of the install , solder it in directly ... By adding some solder to the wireless charging pads some flux on the connector , then sandwich the two together and heating the wireless charger fled from the back with your iron till the solder melts and it adheres I realise this is like the 400th comment on your video but here is hoping you see it
How much time do you required to take apart that iphone.. Just curoius. Love your project and all the cool stuffs.... ??????????
Please visit India again and do some projects.
Watched the whole video.....these things are so complicated but u made it..well done
just when I was thinking about how you will top of the previous video you come with this........?????????? love your work man....big fan........
Best if you have 8 or more gd ram please do a video for that
Your iPhone is the iPhone that people would really like
Put a fingerprint reader on an iPhone X. This could be a stretch or way to costly but would make for a very interesting watch. Btw Love the channel.
Is it even possible to make an iphone w a snapdragon processor?
When I watch Strange Parts videos, I do not skip the ads. :D Amazing video as always ????
Can you make face ID at iphone 7
Raspberry Pi 3 Project!!!!! (please)
Please add an IR blaster in Iphone.
Can you add wireless charger to my iPhone 6
UNFORTUNATELY Wireless Charging is Slow and very inefficient
40 mins long. I know what I'm watching tonight. Just ignore me while I leave this tab open until then :p
German shop: "I opened and on the first day already five customers came." Chinese shop: "I opened and on the first day I had 450 orders from 60 different countries"
Iphone 7 with headphone jack and wireless charging ????
hardworking pays off??????
Why metal back and wireless charging doesn’t exist?
Another great effort but time to start messing with real phones
Just love you bro!
Awesome, your vids always cheer me up. So glad you've uploaded again. Hope you're well? ??
Since you installed glass back Couldn’t you remove the camera ring that sticks out and make it flash with glass back
Need a StrangeParts and JerryRigsEverything collab.
Add wireless charging in Nokia 3310.
Strange parts: Adds wireless charging to an iphone -> Me: Struggles to install replacement battery. +1
wireless charging on iphone, got to watch this
Yeke should be working for a big smartphone company... Someone hire the genius..
brilliant af
I'm not an Apple fan but love this DIY's (Heikè) you do Scotty, Nice to see the Struggles too.. Great B-roll!
name of the translator app do u use?
im surprised that apple hasnt hired you already
???????
I love these documentary kind of videos, keep up the modding scotty ! Much respect.
If you read all comment please like.. I Watch all your video from start to end..
I am gonna give u one idea hope that its work and that would be your next project...its that buy same two iphone one icloud unlocked other locked tear it down transfer the unlocked hdd into locked one and locked hdd into unlock one and restore that both the iphone will be working
Love you ?? The best tech channel
What happened to your stuff in your flat?
Now go to apple service centre and ask them...'why the wireless chargn not workn on my iphone 7?'
Wow! This is an amazing idea! For all kinds of debugging purposes in almost any device these days! One could use this flex-between technique to breakout and probe all pins! Simple and really cool
how do you upload videos from China where all google apps in the region are banned????? including youtube?????
Now combine the jack 3.5mm with the wireless charging
Im gonna go to china for dog festival one day
I love Shenzhen
before it goes to trending ??
Just watching, still not finished. Two thoughts come up, wireless will work with plastic also, it doesn’t need to be glass. And translator Pro slowed you to pair with the other persons phone, you talk in yours, and the other phone received the translation. It’s a well thought out great app. I think it uses Bluetooth, so I believe it’s cross platform also so a cross andriod and apple will work. Ok, now to finish watching the video.
Thank god you are alive
Now, add a faster charging battery to the iPhone while designing your phone so that the battery is exchangeable
Great Vid Scotty, keep up the good work
just buy an 8 or X
Thunderbolt 3?
love your videos but hate your thumbnails
Apple doesn't want to include wireless charging and a headphone jack in their iPhones? Pff, just do it yourself!
Dam! Apple should hire him! Btw I watch all the ads to support you like 4-5 mins long in total ??
Love your videos
The cinematography ??????
No giveaway projects
Lol he triggered Siri on my phone when he said “hi Siri it’s me”
Add USB 3.1 to OnePlus 6
Dude Can you upgrade the back camera of your iPhone to 41 megapixel camera.
This was such a cool insight.
Which translation app do you use?
These vids are amazing!
Cool.
Dude is one of the guys that are chill and fun to hang out with
youtubers get it so easy when i do screen replacements or battery replacements there always 1 damn screw or the pull tabs on the battery rip:(
now do something with android phones pls!
i love the long video thanks for sharing ??
Also, i think one negative side to your iphone mods is that IF the phone is dropped there would be a high chance of it breaking your mods. But I appreciate your vids, theyre very educational and pleasing to watch.
I would love to see a phone with all your current mods: - Aux Jack - Charge Kit - Modded case with backlight - 64GB/128GB upgrade etc... keep the amazing videos coming!
I think the cable activate the chip in cable for charging
This is one of the best You Tube channels
“Yeah”
why do you only do iphones?
Yo dude why didn't you use ur original 512gb iPhone 7
Great work?? ,it would be awesome if there is face I'd unlock on the strange parts phone
Nice vid bro !!!
Lmao 7 ads, I'm not going to watch this on mobile
How many times you assemble and disassemble your iPhone?
can you add fingerprint on iphone logo in iphone x
Soooo many ads
Great video, love iPhones
Great video as always. Im not an iphone fan but i am a huge tech fan and find all of this stuff so interesting. I'd love to go to China one day. It looks amazing. I'd have a field day.
Genius level: 9999999 Adding another limb to iPhone and calling it just a DIY. Awesome.
You're getting closer and closer to building and manufacturing your own phone one day. Looking forward to buying the " Strange Phone 1 "
????????
This is one of the best "Technical" channel on youtube . you are simply best .
But but how about 7+?? And I don’t want your logo i want costume logo?? You know what would be wonderful: A kit of wireless charging+Custom glowing logo of 7 plus in red plz put this in store????????
Hope you're mapping out a place on your wall for that golden play button you'll be receiving soon enough. Congratulations in advance Scotty! Well done! Roll on diamond play button!
Your really don't mind the price ?if you search on chinese eBay taobao
o(???)d good
this is so badass. and i don't even use iPhones.
These are some really good videos
Awesome video. You need to put this in the headphone jack phone. Ultimate iPhone.
I appreciate the long videos than the short ones. Love the edits as well! Keep up the good work Scotty and the team behind him!
This is fun adventure.
Your videos really make me raise my views of Chinese tech
I have a Xiaomi Mi Note 3, you think it is possible to put wireless charging pad in this?
That is so cool dude love your videos
A translator haha
i like how you hand the money to wongway :) (definately not the way it is spelt)
I was planning to do this on oneplus you guys think its possible???
In love with the vids
apple will get his ass soon or later
Loved the editing on this episode. All your videos are brilliant. ??
Shenzhen looks like a nice city
Scotty, you have supreme sneaky camera skills :)
You should try upgrading the memory of a Nintendo switch. You could use that flash memory reader you bought for the iPhone and get the new chip from one of your failed iPhone experaments.
Bro I have some bad news... I think you may have voided the guarantee on that iPhone 7....
It's like you have a magic!!!
This is another I usually never comment comment, but dude, your videos are amazing.
I should've bought iPhone 7 to iPhone 8 case
I don't think there's ever been a time where I haven't dropped everything I was doing to watch one of these videos.
Yeke, bring us the headphone jack \0/
why not do it on an iphone 4 or 4s? it already has an glass back ;D
Here before 15,000 views
Standard wireless charge pad with pass through port or extension cord for usb micro, c, and lightning?
amazing
Your content is amazing
When dad uploads ??
This should go to trending
the power draw is just for the charger there is a big loss in the air so the charger is drawing 1 A but the actuelle phone is charging at a much lower current !!!
I have a very different question. Could the microscope cameras work to take photos and videos normally with a normal objetive adapted?
You never give up, do you?
YEAH
just my two pennys to tour assembly and testing methods: you cannot really expect die charging to work reliably when you dont test it with the phone fully snapped back together, as the connection is a pressfit and relies on the pressure applied by the screen when fully assembled.
please make a netflix documentary
Always excited to watch ur video?? nice work .. keep it up??????
I can't afford a I Phone
who said that Steve jobs is dead?? huh?? this is him....
HACK MOAR ANDROID PLZ Do any of your friends in Shenzhen hack Android stuff? Maybe you could do a collab with them?
Didn’t think I’d wake up to this!
Always full of ideas ?? Keep it up Scotty (and Strange Parts crew of course)! ??
Glad to see another vid! Missed you! Love the vids, channel & your cinema photography. Pretty great. Can't wait for more vids. Cheers, A
Now add USB-C to a iPhone!
I think Apple really hates you
Nice Scotty again! Everytime I see one of your videos I can't wait to be able to move to Shenzen.
Apple really need you guys
Which app u use to translate from English to Chinese
Would you consider building an android phone like you did with the iphone?
The quality of your videos had improved so much!
Nice music
These things already exist ...u can buy them in 6 to 10 bugs on ebay...but they are super unreliable.....you make 39 min long video on this.....???????? What happens to your NFC tag project you told us in last video...I was super excited to watch it...but now I am....??????????
Brilliant B roll footage and editing, I’d hate to see your timeline. Any chance you could post a link to the blue work mat you used in the later part of the video ?
Bro I support you soo much keep up the good work. You are better than everyone
You do some awesome work, man, I only wish you did Samsung phones too,... Seeing as the apple is a slowly dying product, lol
You know how to make someone's day! Keep up the work dude!
This guy is a beast Wonderful work bro !
Is this even an "iPhone" anymore? (X)Doubt. Again great video :D
Wondering if it on my oneplus 6 ??
it would be awesome if they can do it on iphone se
That's so cool and the shots of the city are filling the video beautiful
This is like a TV show
Son glad to see the strange parts posted a new video notification
Im from Portugal and there is Cristiano Ronaldo on TV at 4:41 xD
It's funny how many things you've changed in the markets while being there.
Absolutely love these videos! Great job! Keep it up! ??????
we want fingerprint scanner on iphone X??????????
I would actually buy only if there is your custom case on it??
my contry is called DIY
It would have been more useful if you had done this to a phone that isn't a useless garbage apple product
Another easier type of this thing works with a lighting cable plugs directly into the charging port of the phone and all you need to do is just stick that thing on the back of your phone.Moreover,it sells on taobao for 40 yuan,which are 6.5 US dollars.But the obvious shortage is that when you need to use headphone via the transfer,you must unplug that cable in the charging port.
Interesting one!!!!!!!????????????
Before 10k views ??????????
What do you think about dual speaker in to your phone?
I love your channel Scotty! Very entertaining. I find myself hanging on for the whole video. You do great work Scotty (even though I'm a strict Android guy). I appreciate your great respect for Chinese culture too. I look forward to your next project. Lots of love from Canada! ??
you are truely amazing and inspiring sir !
I love your videos man
Can you buy different color housings?
I need this on my 6S+, already have the led light mod.
You are the happiest guy alive, and never get frustrated when things don't go well at first! I love it.
this channel.. its my favorite on youtube, you are so sympathetic and with a great personality, you make me want to buy a iphone just so I have the same as you, and i am a heavy pc masterace person.
Cool cool
FINALLY THANKS MAN
24:00 i think hardware mods are easier than software mods also can u maybe look for some strange ps4,Xbone parts u can show or other interesting hardware
Thanks God. He's alive!
Next time, please build an USB-C Port into your iPhone 6s! Greetings from Germany ????!
Dude you should work on Apple company
I love it! :D
Gorgeous project! Love the others too! Also could you do an iPhone with a fully transparent glass back? I feel like this would look awesome. ??
Wow, Shenzhen is indeed a magical place.
Cool
Yeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeees
How many years would it take for a DIY iPhone X?
Great video, like always
God you're so positive,enthusiastic and you are always smiling..you inspire me a lot..??????
Wow cool!
-Open YouTube -See a new Strange Parts video -Notice that it is a 39:14 long video -Put a hand in your pants
Ayyyyyyyeeeee
Great video, Scotty. Nice editing too
I love your videos I wish I could go to Shenzhen
What if i would charge by cable and wirelessly at the same time.
good video
Request, Case cutout to work with existing glowing logos, and iPhone 6 version link! My iPhone 6 has a glowing Apple Logo, and Lights to the music, this was the only other thing I wanted!
Absolute best youtuber on the planet. You rock!!
3:45 ye ye ye
It's been a minute! I love the quality of your content, not sure why others get so many subscribers for posting themselves walk down the block.
Make a touch screen Nokia brick
To be Frank, it looks alot like the samsung ones. Very impressive honestly. Smart move.
Very cool, would love to do this to my Iphone 6s :)
Man u wrk really hard !!!! Great job
FINALLYY NEW VIDEO
Did you move? Your room looks empty
Hey why don't you export these things so we can do it too as you did.
Wow just wow
The time you spent to make videos was absolutely worth it don't worry about uploading consistently, we will always be there for you and will support your channel!! :) :)
really loving those videos! espacially the ones in shenzhen. the electronic parts mall/market looks pretty interesting. i found you through linus and have been watching every single video :D
Nice video I would love to come to Shen GEN
??? ???
speechless just wow ! !
Saludos desde Venezuela eres un duro en estos experimentos
I love watching your videos and thank you for showing me how do do this if I wanted to
This is soo cool ... How can I get one.... Please dm me
this is amazing!!!!
awesome....
After all my wait for Scotty's new video for a month didn't pissed me off....
love the long videos ????
Your positive attitude and enthusiasm made this video 100x more enjoyable! Looking forward to your next project/experiment! Love from Latvia!??
YOU FORGOT THE HEADPHONE JACK TOO
Love the videos keep em coming
joss,,, you are awesome... ceritanya COD-an bro ??
Could you do this on the iPhone SE?
again again and again, you're great man, iPhone enginer must be watching you now ??
Yo scottie how is life in china? & nice video :D
Wireless charging is the best way to charge phones
Patience yong one! Lol. Like the WTF
wow damn never clicked on a vid so fast cooll love your vids
Wow that is genius. Who ever thought of that is amazing.
Scotty, you should do a face reveal.
Bro you should try out some other display to iphone like 18:9 Panel to the i phone it will be awesome with iPhone x gesture means the ios of iPhone x????????????????
I always wanted to add wireless charging to any Android
I'm really glad to be subscribed to you. Thank you so much!
Your videos are always so informative and relaxing.
1 year too late :)
I love how you take iPhones to higher levels.
Ah yes some good content to watch after work ??
The idea itself is so cool. How much further can it be customized i wonder?
How Do you even do this??? xD
Wow this seems awesome!!!
How will this mod affect reception??? iPhones use the back metal case as part of its antenna system.
Comment nr. 108 ! Nice :)
Cooool! I want to wirelessly charge my iphone 6s ??
We love you
Your Chinese is improving :)
102 Ali from iraq?
The camera and composure of your videos are pure art
How nice he is!!!
If he can do it how come Apple can't? Well apart from money but this thing is turning into like THE ultimate Iphone!
Dear Strange parts, can u customs ip6 for me with my design? I love to buy it.??????
Not even half way through the video and I already love it
You can sell the all part of iPhone it can help me and all please do it we have to do it please let you do it
Perfect timing, just as food got ready! Watch Strange Parts and have good food, best evening ever! :D
O.k..now What about Android ( Linux) not iphone ( ios)
I love how you had added little bits of Chinese culture in between the technical Parts ... brilliant video
Couple more of these crazy videos and you'll have something sorta close to a Samsung from 5 years ago!
YES FINALLY A NEW VIDEO
early
Finally new video!
I hate talking about money, but I just wonder how much does these projects cost. How much does the "recycled" phone cost?
Let's go SE))
The shots you take of Shenzhen are Gorgeous!!! Makes me wanna go there one day.
niceeeeeeeee!
A new video from Strange Parts, I click 'like' then watch.
YES, another video from Strange Parts. Love this guy
Here before this video gets taken down by Apple and the SJWs
What if you have a jet black iPhone 7 do you then need to get a custom back to get this to work with the wireless charging?
That's so crazy that you guys are using google translate speak to talk to one another. That just seems so futuristic to me for some reason. Great video again!
I watched you video with Linus. Your negotiation skills were lacking bro. You can always get a better price. If your going to live over there, maybe it’s time to speak the language. I used to live in Shanghai for two years and studied and spoke as much as I could. Either way,I enjoy your videos. Do a street food video. They don’t all have to be tech videos. Just a thought.
We learn every time u upload
Can you add wireless charging to a normal Android phone
I think it would be easier to put it on the 4S because it has glass back right?
Here before this video goes viral
This is good! Keep it up.
W??W
i dont own an iphone or can afford it neither do I have any experience with electronics development. I do some web development. But I still love to watch your videos being in Pakistan china seems to be so close but feels so far.
How about changing the lightning port to USB Type C port
Strange Parts is one of the greatest YouTubers out there.
Crazy idea, add an analog controller and shoulder buttons to Iphone- basically turning an Iphone into a gameboy.
Yess finally a new video to start the day
Keep the videos coming.
Finally
you should get backtrack 5 for android and learn how to hack wifi
I bet on 1.5M views within next 48h :)
Early on a viral video
saludos amigo
Please assemble iphone x!!!
I'm a simple gal, I see a new Strange Part vid, I click it
yea
Sir for how long u have been living in China ???
"its 2020, we're going to add a stove and a dishwasher to my Iphone... in China."
Wow
For me it more and more feels like you should get a Samsung S8 instead of all that work... cheaper/wireless charging/aux ;- )
40 minute video to add wireless charging? lol wtf it's easy af
Scotty, try upgrading an early 2000s apple mp3.
Woah! Does this support Fast Wireless Charging or just the standard Chi wireless like the iPhone X?
Those people staring at you at the start ????????
What did you just do
I just write something for likes.
How We Mao-de a Super Communist iPhone ? - in China
??another like
Oooh, almost 40 minutes???? Can't wait to watch it when I'm out of class
Now change the charger port to USB-C
Strange parts is back!
100th
NOTIFICATION SQUAD. WE THERE.
First
Why so many ads in this video?
You’re so awesome
Hey I'm here...Love your videos man
Wtf
1st dislike was by me
i m first viwer i love technology and i m leaning some mobile repairing course from delhi institute
39 min with epic title Leeeets go :D
Yesss
HI PEOPLE :)
Page not found on that link :-( - EDIT: now it's alive!
Omg 39 minutes!! hell yeah???? quality content
I wish I can meet you in shanghai
:D
good video
5th somehow? Wonder when Justin Y. is coming.
YES A NEW VIDEO i just love these videos so interesting!
First ??
Neat
This is gonna be a good one grabs popcorn
#4
Second??Notification
Cool
Isn’t China usually communist ??
Great Videos Mate
Nice
woohoo. Thanks for the video??
Neat.
XD
WOW
Hi