Would you want a tiny second phone that shares your phone number?
looks awesome now they need to make a magnetic forearm holder, so much better than a smart watch ;)
why would you need the special Verizon app to get messages on both phones if both phones use the same phone number? That should just work with any text messaging app by default no?
Why not just get a small phone from the beginning. Duh!!!!!
For those of you that don't know Android has been doing face ID for years way before Apple it ever thought about doing it
The idea behind this is great, and I’ve been waiting for an option to use a smaller phone when I don’t want to carry my massive iPhone 8 Plus around. But honestly, how is this any better than getting a cheap, small smartphone and moving my SIM card to it for the same reasons? This is way overpriced for a phone, and you have to pay an extra $10 a month. Doesn’t make much sense
im getting this and the google three for christmas ?? i
Is this a phone for ants!!!?
Wheres the volume buttons?
We heard you like phones so we made a phone for your phone so you can phone will you phone
Unnecessary.
What a stupid idea lol
Nice gift for my unborn baby!! ??
Can we play pubg in it?
So basically, it’s useless.
It's a shame that Verizon has a seemingly monopoly on that Palm Phone. In my opinion, the smartphone market is in desperate need for a smartphone of that size. I would totally pick one up and ditch my too big smartphone for one of those.....
This is so hilarious and so so stupid
Man creates phone. Man shrinks phone. Man grows phone. Man makes small accessory phone because phone is too big.
Meh. Why? I don't know who this is for. If you have a phone, you have a phone. If you want a smaller (and not to mention more capable one) buy a smaller sized flagship that's not watered down. Then you don't have 2 phones to keep up with or an extra $10 tacked on your bill.
My first smartphone was a palm was cool with the keyboard that hid when you closed it The first to use wireless charging
Isn’t that what a smart watch is for Checking messages making phone calls without taking your phone out And it’s the most convenient with it being on your wrist If you had this why not just use you phone? Lol
Why would anyone do that
I want a watch holder case for this. Great video as always btw. We are big big fans of Bohn(d)
What's the point
I would buy it if it could be a main phone
I actually think this is cool, BUT price and limited carrier support is a problem...
No thanks.. I'll just hang on to my se ??
Yo dawg, I heard you like phones....
A really nice mp4 player.
I honestly would love this for work. I work in construction and even the beefiest phone cases with a tempered glass couldn't save my note 9 screen from getting cracked, this would be a great alternative so I can still listen to my music while having a smaller form factor to carry while on the jobsite
This is a good idea! If your going out to dinner, church etc and you don't want to carry a big phone is would be ideal.
a small phone for ur bigger phone. Wtf is wrong with this world. If u want a small phone just buy a small phone
Sooo life mode is basically your standard flight mode with a different name? :D
What a waste of time and money
Is there any launcher that makes stock Android look like this phone's Android?
I think if you want a smaller phone, the iPhone SE is available on a number of sites. Probably get a refurbished one for less than 1/2 the cost of this ridiculous device.
small is always bigger.........
No keyboard? Fail
No!!!! Lol a phone for your phone
Foolishness. What the people really need is a left hand phone for when you are holding your main phone in your right and and your left hand has no phone in it. Also foot phones should be a thing.
Or...it's an crazy idea, but hear me out.... You take your actual phone out and check your notifications ??
As someone who works in a cellphone store. This thing would absolutely kill it as a stand alone device. I constantly get older customers who want as small of a phone as possible but trying to sell this thing to higher end tech users as a connected device is an awful sales plan.
The palm pilot is trying to make a comeback...
Pancakes...
All I hear is a extra $10 a month
I want to use this as a stand alone phone, kinda bull that I can't
"My phones to big." is the ultimate first-world-problem.
What was the point of this video? Turn on life mode, the battery will probably last a while, but we didn't test it. Take a photo, it'll probably look ok, but we didn't look at it on a big screen. C'mon man...
So it’s the answer to the Apple Watch ??
$350? What an amazing joke. Who would want this over a Moto G6, Essential Phone, literally any non-flagship?
I have a babushka phone. When it rings and I just want to answer the call, I disassemble the babushka to the smallest phone and insert it into my ear cavity.
Stupidest idea i ever seen
I'd rather have a compact phone like that but have it be standalone. Seriously not interested in it being secondary, that's a waste of money.
I'll probably buy one. The reason is that I work a lot and having something with an extra battery with phone features would be a good thing. Chargers and cables can fail and they might not die conveniently. Also, when you want to go to the gym and not potentially lose or damage your $1000+ cellphone.
Google Assistant thought you said "And you can do boy stuff". ??
This is why Im interested in the apple watch 4
Lol. Reminds me of my first android phone. SONY XPERIA X10 MINI PRO.
I figured out a good use for it... say you want to keep in touch with your young child but dont want to give them a full powered phone. Can you use it like that?
Why would anyone buy this
What is a weekend phone and why are you advertising this?
Nah, this ain't it Palm. Come back with a physical keyboard, a reasonable size display compared to todays phablet shitfest, load it with the best features webOS had over android and give us a real alternative again.
I sorta guess this would be good for a young child. But I'm having a hard time seeing who would buy this.
An excuse to charge me an extra $10/mo? Sign me up!
It looks a little too much like an iPhone X
Excellent add on phone
why?? lol
And this is why Palm collapsed...
I used to listen to your palm podcast when the Pre came out it was a fun phone. I had a few of the old treo series and loved them.
A phone for when I'm out getting shitfaced
So... a smart watch but less convenient? ?????
I honestly can’t imagine using this thing. By that point just have a small, basic phone that’s a glorified Bluetooth headset that you can use while your real phone is in your backpack. The last thing anyone needs is to decide which phone they’re going to use on which day
The dumbest thing I’ve ever seen
Zoolander phone ??
Im dying to see Xzibit/Pimp my Ride memes of this...
I bet it could do good overseas if they brought the price down
I like thes one
a phone for your phone...I have an old Nokia that it is great when I go out at night for emergency calls and that is great!
It would be more useful if they just released it as a small phone for people who don't want a gigantic smartphone.
This is basically a smartwatch in the case of phone. I mean... it's not bad idea!
Once upon a time this was a normal sized screen, actually bigger then some with slider keyboards
That thing is cute actually and yes, I want my Life Mode to be always on!
They should've just made this a full fledged phone and stuck a keyboard with it and make it a palm pre phone
If this an android phone why is there the Apple Music icon on the screen?
palm phone se
Or you can just not look at your normal phone. Do we really have so little self control?
I could see this be a good phone the following: Jogging, going to the gym, going to the beach, and also going to an evening event where you'll be wearing sleek clothing and don't want your phablet bulging out of your pocket. Of course if you're out in nice clothes you'll probably want the high quality camera on your regular phone close by. I think people who exercise a lot and who also have some disposable income will be very interested in one of these.
Next! Cant even finish the review
This would be excellent for 50-100. Not for 350.
I want it as my only phone.
Would love to use this as an mp3! I might get it ?? it would also elongate my phones life since I wont have to bluetooth everything (I hope) I can probably sync my watch to this thing instead too
Would love to use this as an mp3! I might get it ?? it would also elongate my phones life since I wont have to bluetooth everything (I hope) I can probably sync my watch to this thing instead too
Well, it's an interesting idea if not anything else.
This is literally going backwards, this is what smart watches have been doing for some time and it makes way more sense and still people don’t want to spend the additional $10 a month
I love it ??
So this is what Stephen Curry invested for? Hmmm
Mad thinking behind This one... IF im going to the beach or to the Mountains i dont want to carry with me something that costs 350 bucks... I want something disposable. Id be better off talking my actuall Phone that was cheaper and much better than this
Can I please have the number of the dealer of the guy who came up with the idea for this ?
Should've been stand alone. The fact you MUST pair it with another phone totally misses the mark.
This is pretty stupid. Kind of what I expect from the verge these days.
If I needed this I'd just get a smartwatch
Should of been geared towards kids
This is just a waste of R&D and materials lol.
"A certain age"? Dieter being the Palm Guy is brought up like EVERY WEEK on the Vergecast.
Cute ??
This is the best palm could come up with, does this company want to fail?
I want small phones. I hate the big phones they push now. I dont need it to be able to edit video or game. Who does that? It's a nightmare and frustrating on a phone. I would totally get this phone but I can't swallow the price and having two phones, Ridiculous...
Give me an unlocked version for $200-$300 and I will buy it right now. This is exactly what Ive been wanting. I just wont switch carriers for it.
Lame
When i clicked on this video I thought “I would most likely use this” but after finishing it I can’t help but think.. what??
I want one. Do they export it?
Honestly this seems like a good phone for your kids when they go on field trips or staying at a friends house. When I’m older and having kids if this is still a concept in motion I wouldn’t mind having it for my kids when they’re old enough
Wow....this is stupid. Why not just get a smartwatch? The price on this is $350. You can get a Smartwatch with LTE for that price. You aren't REQUIRED to pay that $10/month if you keep your phone with you. If you don't want to carry around a big phone, why buy a big phone in the first place? I use an Apple watch and without taking my phone out of my pocket, I can do a lot of things. I can send/receive messages and phone calls, see my calendar, play music, use Siri, get directions, etc...Not to mention, i don't have to carry it in my pocket...I can wear it, therefore I get the added benefits of health monitoring and fitness tracking. I understand that I still need my phone with me (since I didn't opt for the LTE model) but it's available to use without your phone. With this, even though you don't have a large phone in your pocket, you STILL have a phone in your pocket.....
Sure, sell it for $50, with no network and just a wifi and parental controls built in I'd get one for a older child. It's pointless.
What a stupid idea
Let me get this straight, ur selling me the same thing I already carry but it does alot less for a similar price....
1:22 it'll let you do boys stuff
I’d be the first person to buy a 2018 pixie or pre. This is not that.
It actually looks really cool. If they made a bigger version. Say a 4.7 inch screen. That would probably be my next phone.
I miss palm. Pre was my first legit smartphone.
Why can't this whole concept just be an app on your device that just limits usage & improves battery life via airplane mode? & the number is already on it? Or get a smartwatch. It solves a problem that doesn't exist.
Where can i buy it from? Please tell me.
Was thinking about picking one of these up for fun but if I have to use Verizon's messaging app I'm out..
Some please put that in the garbage bin.
What's its price
Where do we can buy it
about ten years ago this screen size is the norm.
Looks similar to Samsung Champ
Failed. Big time.
Where can you buy this?! I want it!
Recently downsized to a xperia xz2 compact. Refused to go smaller than that. I must say it's refreshing to be able to use a phone in one hand again.
Darn. I was just wanting a smaller phone.
They should've priced this at $200 or less, but no more. As for Number sharing, $10 monthly? Was $5 really not enough? More importantly, why does Verizon feel the need to make that as a Service???
This is so cute, but I think it’s too expensive.
What is "weekender phone stuff"?
I´m love!! I want it!!! Great Video!
Wow, takes me back to my first android phone, live with Walkman.
I'm sorry to say this but my iPhone SE 128GB is much bettuh.
That is so stupid, why would anyone buy that
I feel uncomfortable looking at the size and lagginess of the phone.
Most pointless thing ever.
anyone remember how big of a flop the Microsoft kin phones where I bet this will be the same
Looks like a small phone, I-pod.
Do you know how stupid you would look trying to explain to someone that you are paying extra per month for a smaller phone to avoid your larger, better phone? Why just why?
Meh, I thought it was neat. Might be good to hand down to a kid with that extra plan..?
Great! Now if we can only get a big phone to go along with the small phone
If the term "weekend phone" is in your vocabulary, you probably also have brunch with people you don't like and do yoga every Wednesday.
This thing is awesome! You all are missing the point! Imagine you're wanting to go on a run or to the gym or working outdoors and don't want a huge phone in your pocket and still want the ability to make and receive calls AND take a pic of something pretty or a selfie while doing those things. You can't with a watch cuz there's no camera and texts stuck on a watch. Enter the Palm niche. You can hardly feel this thing in your pocket and the texting on it is actually pretty easy. It's so small and light it's very freeing. Go out on the town and take all the pics you want, but without having to stuff a huge phone in your skinny Jean's or your bra. Lol Theres definitely many people who would love this product.
I kind of get the idea, I would actually use this as my only phone to see what it's like. But the battery is just too small. With an 1500 mAh battery this would have had a chance...800 mAh is just too little for a full Android at this time. It will probably not even last a day fully connected.
this is horrible. if you want a small phone buy one.
Can it be used as a standalone phone? Because for those who just want a regular smartphone this looks amazing but if it's required to pair it with a plus phone or phablet to make it work that's just stupid lol.
It's really amazing, just like Unihertz Atom rugged smartphone which i have now. This kind of tiny phone is really suitable as a second phone when go outside.
Can you use this with iphone ?
HOW IS THIS A PHONE IF YOU CAN'T HAVE A CONVERSATION ON IT?
I worked for Palm ?? I ??’d my job and the Palm Treo!
so nice
me too !!! I'm a Palm guy !
What I am really thinking, Dieter, is how bad this review was. It's almost as if you didn't even use the phone for 5 minutes. Wow.
What? Why? It seems that one of the leading smart watches with LTE essentially serves the same purpose while also being stylish - possibly iconic - wearables.
I want this to be a stand alone device. I'm done with mega screens.
Soooooo, an Apple Watch?
I would buy it for work. I'm a bike messenger and all I need is a tiny phone for Google maps, Gmail, walkie talkie app and Spotify.. but it should work fast, otherwise it's pointless. Anyways, too bad it's not an own product. 10$ isn't worth it.
$100 i'll buy it
Face ID? Pfffffff- FacePalm
Port a Pixel camera app to it & get HDR+
This is more or less what Apple want me to do with my Apple watch and my AirPods. And works very nice!!!
I have an iPhone X and I want a little phone. I had a (well, I still do but it has no sim) Siemens S56 which is .75”x4”x1.75”. No, it isn’t smart (although it tried to be: it had email) but it was easy to carry in my pocket and the audio quality was surprisingly good. Enough about old stuff. I like this new form factor but I’d like to see it as a standalone phone. I’m a bit too entrenched in the iOS ecosystem to switch to Android but the idea of a small, standalone phone would be intriguing.
No sim-card slot meeh
My only question is. Why?
"this thing addresses problem that don't exist" - gilfoyle (silicon valley) i mean now we need a phone for a phone ??
I would love the international SIM version...
3:47 this type of launcher looks great for me...how can i find it or similar of this?
It's got the HW of a fully functional phone, but tnx to Verizon you cannot use it as a phone... nice
This is just a cash grab by TCL. All they accquired from HP was the brand. RIP WebOS, Pre3
Its tiny but not full screen ??????? I think it would be better if full screen.
Besides the processor battery and screen that phone has better specs than my current one!
Android? Never mind.
Apple already solved this problem with the Apple Watch.
Still better than my phone
this is perfect for cheating on test
thats the coolest freakin idea someone as PALM could come up with...mannn got me excited
i need this phone, but not in that price point.
$350?? Better buy standalone Android-Operated smart watch
So it’s like a less convenient Apple Watch with fewer features. Interesting...
whats next. smart Pagers/beepers? because that what i thought when i saw this.
Damnit 34gb it's better then my old phone that is big
i could play fortnite on this thing
the stephen curry phone
This has more ram than my iPhone 8...
Get a watch band for this
I am ready to buy this phone or similar size phone if it has standalone connectivity. Phones are becoming too big to use as a phone. Calling feature of a mobile phone is become 1% of the total functionality of a phone.
We need another iPhone SE but with a 4K oled display and all the other flagship essentials.
So it's a smartwatch...
would make a lot more sense if it was not a "side" phone and if it was cheaper
I think if this gets popular enough, custom roms will come out for it and it will become a little phone on its own.
Still has better specs than the phone im using right now
I'd give this a $50 all 10s
?? pixel 3 turned red!! After watching this side phone I mean side notch
Where's my palm treo!? That thing was super fancy, not this one
This would be great at 50-100 dollars. I would buy it if it worked as a kids use this-to-call-me-to-pick-me-up phone. Like a smart walkie talkie, beeper with GPS thingy for quick coordination and emergencies. Idk but I like it even though it completely useless.
Stop trying to make Palm happen
Gameboy emu masterpiece?
I would want this as my primary phone if it could stand alone. As a physically active person, I don't like hauling around a giant smartphone when I'm playing tennis, golf or riding motorcycle. But this could easily fit in my jeans or shorts without cargo pockets.
Did you say it sells for $350, lol thats more than 2X the price of my main phone!!
No, I don’t want a second smaller smartphone. I want my main phone to be 1 or 2 inches smaller. If this Palm was a real phone, with those specs, they would have my money by now.
I love that UI
Now I gotta buy my phone a phone smh ???????
I'll just buy a notch for that price.
Dang! I was wishing it wasn’t Android but a Palm OS.
Can it be my running phone? Load up Strava and lets run.
Id rather take my sim card out and put it in another phone rather than pay $10 a month fot that bs service. Also id rather buy a cheap android phone than pay $350 for that bs
Weekender phone with all the distracting features of any other smartphone? So basically this phone will give your a headache over the weekend looking at the toy screen. This phone doesn’t make any sense! AT ALL!
$350 for this phone? I can get a decent Samsung phone on eBay at that price
They overegineered this so hard. It would have been PERFECT if they cut out the whole verizon/dual phone thing and just gave us a kind of "ultrabook" tiny smart phone.
I hope this product fails so hard they name an economic phenomenon after it. If they sold it as a normal phone I can stick my normal SIM card into, I'd run out and buy one today. If it's locked into a "secondary only" role and you have to own one of those giant phablet meathook abortions along with it, I hope they don't sell a single one.
I'd happily bin my existing chonker of a phone if I could get this form factor as a standalone offering. Seriously.
Personally, i also like smartphone devices between 5-5.5 inches. For me its easy to use and one hand friendly, but now every company is lunching massive screen size smartphone, company should bring back the smartphone sizes of 4.5 to 5 inches screen....
If it use at least Snapdragon 450, maybe I will buy it.
My mobile but as the same spec but it is 6 inch.
Man I'd rather get my old HTC Aria and make that work lol
This is possibly the most pointless stupidity I've seen in a long time. You either want to use your phone or you don't.
Tbh I would gladly use something like this as my only phone.
I’ll just buy Light Phone
I dig it
Palm Phone Hands on Hah.
Yhe berge
COME TO SPRINT ;-; Its so cute :(
Over-priced for a secondary phone which we may use maybe two days in a month.
If this phone was $50 it would sell like hot cakes and be better then having a smartwatch in my opinion but $350 if rather purchase Galaxy s4 on eBay for $90.
Pretty sure this product will fail
I love the size of it.. I don't use any phone after iphone 5 because they're getting bigger n bigger .. a smart device should be small compact and functional that's it..
I feel like this would be good for kids.
Big Drawback is 800mAh battery at this price point
4G LTE?
OMG I'M IN LOVE!
It looks cute, but it's not a full function android phone. I am keeping my iPhone SE.
Why would you even want a smart phone? My computer can do all that and more with a real keyboard and bigger screen, and with a 70Mbs Internet connection.
But does it run fortnite
I'm using a $20 android phone that's bigger and better than this just no seriously just no throw this idea into the garbage
Why can't we just get a new compact phone? Like 4.5 inches or something?
I don’t get it a mini phone for your phone ? Who wants that...
I think we really just need to use our phones less.
This is the stupidest product I've seen in years
Does it also come with a smaller Palm smart watch for when I don’t want to drag my regular size smart watch around?
If the Palm Pre and Apple Watch has a kid... would of been nice in 2011
I didn't see anything on it, so I'm sorry if I missed it. Is this capable of Wi-Fi hot spotting? This will make this fantastic for those of us on Google Fi!
I despise the "neutrality" of this review. Sometimes you have to be brave, be honest and call it like you see it: this product is superfluous. Do not buy this product. Do some consumers prefer a small(er) phone? Yes. Do any consumers (other than the wealthy ones) want to buy a secondary phone for $15/month + $10/month (in transmission charges), that is much weaker and less functional than their "main" phone? NO. A product review should not just be a dull description of the capabilities of a product, but also an opinion about whether or not a consumer should purchase it. If the latter is lacking, that leads me to believe the reviewer is not doing his/her due diligence and is really just a shill for whatever company wants its product "reviewed".
The only reason I can think of that explains why this product exists is so that Verizon can get more customers to pay an additional $10/month. I'm sure the $350 price will drop a lot, fast - but the main thing is to get more subscribers paying more, and that will still happen
I think it's better as a primary phone if you just need something light that is able to run all the mainstream apps. Not everyone needs a huge phone and right now this seems like an awesome option.
i want this sooo bad
The more I think about it the less sense it makes. Maybe if it was geared towards kids or older people. Why wouldn't I want to use my full sized full feature phone? It really isn't that much bigger or bulkier.
I'd gladly use it as my main phone. I always carry a tablet anyway, so my big phone is for the most part redundant.
hey can u plz give it to me if u don't need that plzzzzzzz???? That's Amazing??
Can we play PUBG on this phone?
I have a s9 plus and s6 which looks tiny comparing to s9 +....
I would love to see an iPhone SE 2... same size as the old one with an iPhone X styled Screen and improved camera. This would be the perfect size and phone for many people...
3:54 “You can obviously move stuff around” fails to move icon then segways into whatever the long press actually triggers ???????
Wouldn't be such an bad idea if it wasn't for a) monthly 10$ b) verizon lockin c) 350$ . A person can just say screw it and goto att or gsm provider and just swap sims on their phones.
If you need a tiny little phone to accompany your "big" phone then you have literally bought the wrong phone.
Bring back the Graffiti input to call itself Palm. May be suitable for its tiny screen!
I would "main" that
I'd love to have this launcher
?? ... ???????
wtffff is this
The question is "why?"
i cant believe how stupid this is
Really pissed off that there are no options for people who like smaller compact android smartphones instead of huge tablets in the name of phones... i mean why cant any brand amongst hundreds of dem dint release any 4'7" to 5" smartphones?? jus dont undrstand... Its clearly evident from this video that not evryone likes phablets as it is...! why not leave an option and u know let uuuus, the customers choose which ones to buy rather dan monopolising the android market as such???!
Obviously needs a second generation. For $10 a month, it is really not worth it for almost anyone. I think it would be cool to see something like this totally 100% optimized for calls and messaging (not just SMS but also facebook and Whatsapp) as a minimal communication device.
This is the reason I use a 4.7” iPhone instead of the big ones. I use my phone for texting and responding to other types of messages and doing urgent things when I have no other devices around. It’s small, fits well in my pocket, and kind of discourages heavy use. I use an iPad or laptop for media consumption.
If they sell more than 1 of these, I would be really disappointed in humanity.
Wtf
$350 well, i would go an and buy an iphone SE
What should we do with such a device? It’s rather small! As you said.
where could be found
then the palm phone will become as big as a regular smartphone so they will release a palm palm phone for the palm phone of your phone .........
I miss small phone, but not this small, iPhone 5s is perfect size to me
What’s the point of this?
Does it support SD card?
Good idea but for that price, bad idea. If it was like £50 I'd buy it. At £350, no way, I can buy a cheap phone I don't care about for that price.
My first phone was Palm Treo 750
I love this thing
gimmick. china has such phones since 10 years
Those specs are way OTT. Should be virtually just phone and text and about 300 dollars cheaper.
It’s a good idea .. it looks very cute and if you want to get off your addiction of mobile
I can't see why or how this would be successful. It's like a big smart watch?? Except it's not a watch..... A watch is on your wrist.....this is just a small phone.... A small phone that's less capable of the phone that you already have. ???????
Palm has really gone downhill! I used to love my pink Palm Centro.
still a better display than pixel 3
There is immense scope for this product if they sold it unlocked and as a totally separate phone,would like to see this trend pick up and hopefully some other brands make it
Ridiculous haha
Just a smart watch in a small phone body
What's the point it's still an android phone. Why not just get a old sony Ericsson as a second phone?
This is a cool idea
can someone tell me why this mini phone needs 3gb ram same like an iphone X
I'll be down to have this as an unlocked device. I'd be down to put a $25 plan with 2GBs and unlimited everything else and just run it on the weekends. If work wonders for me if it was like that.
I mean. I would love to own a device this size again... That's right, phones used to be this size, and didn't require two hands. I want that back. I would say buy this as a second phone, but a main phone.
??????
that's already irrelevant in this generation.
Useless
I was expecting a non-smart phone which could provide longer battery life than your regular phone. I don't have this but I'm already sick of it.
This should have been a phone on its own for $100
Such a small phone
love the size
I'm definitely buying for traveling, I wouldn't want to get mi Pixel 2 XL stolen, I'll rather let the palm.
If you still want a smartphone that is small and efficient, Go for an iPhone SE, Its a shame Apple decided to drop it. There are tons of people out there who hate carrying huge phones.
Hahahaha...
Quiete expensive tho..??
This guy only review Google and apple products. The rest of junks gave to coworkers
When it is going to available in India???
Too bad you can't put a SIM card in it and use it by itself.
Cool concept, terrible execution.
Great phone, but too pricey.
Gonna Get this for my gf so she'll stop nosing thru my phone while I'm asleep.
looks like a beginners smart phone
Why?! The idea is silly imo...
Use the $10 a month to get insurance on your $1000 phone and enjoy your expensive phone
I still have my iPod touch
It only works with android but they had to copy the iPhone design. LOL
Bump the screen up to 4' and sell it for $200-$250, I would have been sold. But 350 for what is essentially a accessory device to use with my already expensive phone...... yeah no thanks. Sorry Palm, but you missed a very unique chance to become the leader of small yet efficient budget phones.
It's so cute
this looks awful
A bigger version of Apple Watch.
This is just idiotic. ?????
Can we place a call...???
i think if i wanted a different phone for this i'd go for maybe a used oneplus x or lg g6. both are cheaper. oneplus x is not as big as a standard 2018 flagship, not too small either. lg g6 looks modern and has good water resistance, and a good camera. you could download some apps to make these phones more distraction free. doing that and having your phone in your backpack while going out of the house should be enough, and you don't have to use verizon, do a connected device plan, or pay as much for any of it. the phone design is cute though
Life mode = flight mode
There is no reason to get a separate small phone
The most pointless gadget I've ever seen.
Nope
When this tiny phone is more powerful than your own phone.
I'd want a palm phone to accompany my tablet/laptop, not my phone.
Yeah better off buying a wearable
Gang Gang
Worst idea I have seen, good luck
Very cute. If it was stand-alone and $100 cheaper it would sell like hot cakes. The ultimate backpacking phone!
Who makes this? TCL?
I don't get the "get a smartwatch" argument of some of you. The use cases are different and as far as I remember, smartwatches are mostly meant to be used along with your phone (when you don't wanna take it out of your pocket) and they tend to be kinda expensive as well. Even of this Palm does poorly on the market for its pricing I can see new phones with a cheaper price doing the same thing in the future.
Fecking pointless
I've been thinking about having an iPod Classic sized phone for the last month or two. Where it's small, just use it as a phone, messages, maps/GPS and podcasts. That's really what I want and need. And something small like this might be perfect. Though battery life might be here and there when actually using it (podcasts and navigation would likely drain it well)
If it were usable on other carriers I would consider it. Palm is limiting this product by making it exclusive to Verizon Wireless. The pricing is high too.
If HP has anything to do w/ it then I don't want it
I actually want this phone to be a prank phone but omg it looks good. I might just get it if the price is right
An Apple Watch series 4 or even 3 would probably be better since this is for quick messages and music
Man, just use your normal phone less, why do you have to pay to use a phone less...
YES, PLEASE MORE SMALL SMARTPHONES!!!
You should change the title to the most pointless piece of technology ever.
It's funny to think that was the screen size of the first iPhone lol! We've come a long way in terms if screen real estate anyways.
I still want a Qwerty phone. :[
This phone is convoluted and pointless should have just kept Palm dead.
This is stupid. LMAO
Yo dawg I heard you like phones so I got you a phone you can use while you're not using your phone!
Uh- Verge? You folks have been posting a lot of flashy but incredibly stupid videos lately. Are you OK?
I wish they make more of these kinds of phone.
If you're going to spend $350 on a small phone so you don't have to carry your main phone around, this is just a pointless device. At $350, this will fail miserably.
Waste of time and money...Just get a smartwatch why would you need a worthless mini phone?
Apart from the fact that the pocophone starts at 300, this palm phone is useless IMO
If it was a phone on itself and if it had a headphone jack, I would have bought it. But not like this. This product will fail miserably.
For $350 you could buy the flagship killer itself PoCO F1 by Xiaomi and still have $50 bucks to spare . What a Ripp off !!!
It needs a bigger battery and an unlocked bootloader.
Hey look its smart watch its much bigger and expensive now ????
I would get it if it had physical buttons. There is no reason to get this otherwise.
Having to link this with an existing phone is what's going to ruin it. If it were a stand-alone device with slightly better specs, it would sell.
Low phone + high price ??
Haha, my smartphone is cheaper than this Palm phone. My sim plan is like $3 a month.
It's 3.3"! The Galaxy pocket was 2.8" and I never thought it was small back then
2:08 This phone is better than my phone (Motorola Moto E 4th Gen)
Palm phone because it's small, not because of the company. Why would I need a phone for a phone. Smartwatch is different in regards to it replacing something we already wear for added function. But if I have a phone, why would I carry a 2nd phone to tell me my 1st phone has a notification?? Doesn't make sense.....
Id use this as my daily. I dont use 90% of the features on my s9.
y tho
I really like this
Wow???????
Stupid idea
Im sorry, but thats complete garbage. 50 dollars would be appropriate.
Dead on arrival
My question is CAN THIS THING RUN POKEMON GO
shall I consider it as vintage or modern?.. ??
A shot for everytime you say "you know"
...but why? I wish you'd addressed WHY they made this. What market they're targeting. Emerging markets?
This phone is smaller than the notch on iPhone x lol
This looks cute, but lbr, this is the 2018 version of the Microsoft Kiln.
will it play pubg?????
Lmfaooo Android done took the straps off a smart watch made the screen bigger and put it on the market lol what is going in the world right now???
Imagine playing pubg mobile on that screen
Is this a joke? A phone for my phone...
so basically a bigger apple watch
Give me a holster to make it a watch and I will be interested
It's one of the dumbest ideas I've ever seen.
WHY
Walmart prepaid, boost Mobile, trap phone, $50 tops!
1:22 I love doing boy stuff.
I love this product??.Can anyone tell me how can i buy that?
The smarter move would be to bring a slightly bigger palm pre with the same specs as a s8+ and color option. For 450 and bam sold out
Who the hell color graded your video ? Its terrible
Weekender phone? Oh shut up
make it the main phone and we are talking something good.
trash, just get s9
Why can't I just have a phone that size? It was possible in the 90's...
I'm glad I still have my iPhone SE from 2016 running iOS 12 perfectly fine. 4" is a really nice size for a smartphone if you're not into watching a lot of stuff and gaming. Make small phones great again, plz!
But Why ?
So we can play PUBG in it
Does it launched in India??
I’d rather just get an Apple or Android watch that’s basically what this is minus the straps and extra bezel space.
@verge how to get this palm phone
looks cool, that's palm for you ...??
This is idiotic.
Palm companion phone, kind of is a extention ( with screen n camera etc) of Sony BT headset, which could be used as a handset too (SBH54).
I loved webos. Thanks for making precentral. I used that site quite a bit.
I would want it standalone as my main phone, I have a lte tablet for everything else
Samsung j6+ comes out with sd425 This tiny phone has sd 435 Shame shame samsung ????????
I wasn't expecting it would hve SND 435 as its CPU. It's a proper smartphone in a small form factor! But yeah the price and the fact that it's Verizon exclusive are the major turn off.
Instead...go for iPhone 5s
350$ for this little kid? What's special in this!?
Needs to be under $100 with a decent camera. People with large phones that want to go out for the evening or to a shady area could get use from this. At $350 a smart watch with LTE is a better option. Ex. Travel to a festival or another country for carnival. You want to have a cheaper phone that can more easily be hidden. Ex. Going out at night with slim fit clothes. You only need to text a little, make a rare call, Uber or Lyft, use a map program. If you loose a $50 phone it’s not so bad. Ex. You’re distracted by your smartphones plethora of apps. Semi-disconnect some days to focus.
i think its a good phone for a childrens
From which store did u get this phone from??
It does less than a smart watch because it doesn't have a heart rate monitor for fitness. For that price just get a smart watch.
Wow
A phone for your phone 2018
Who cares about this device? If you need a small display phone, either buy Nokia 3315 or Nokia banana phone.
The way he's trying to talk to viewers about this product is like somebody selling a bridge from The Onion, if they had a satirical ad space.
what about going back to wired ones. this phone business is getting out of hand
Apple watch even better that this phone
I'd buy this in luxury true gold finish
My prediction: It'll stop production within a year.
This is the dumbest idea I've seen in months
OMG small phones again YESSSSSSSSSSSSSS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
and this is why the NOKIA 3310 is victorious! face palm*
This is the dumbest thing ever...Plus it doesn't even have WebOs that us Palm users used to love
So... its just a small phone?
This is so sad. Alexa, GET Off THE PHONE!!
At that price might as well get a smart watch
long live palm
Just a wierd attempt at a modern day iPod nano.
Lmao!!!! Is this really a thing? How stoned were the people who thought to do this?
A phone for a phone? L.O.L ????
The little beast
I’ve been looking for a concept like this for ages
I rather just use an Apple Watch or buy an iPhone SE as my second phone.
What is this.. A phone for ants ?!!!
What a stupid device
Where to buy
would make great little burner phones, but not at the 350 price point..Also would be nice little phone for you Tweens, when you don't want them to have something elaborate.
So it's a big smartwatch (like an Apple Watch LTE) with a camera that you have to put in your pocket.
Why can't they use their brains to make something mankind actually needs. Everything they come up with is just to make money.
Where can I get the palm phone????
I like the concept. The price is going to kill it though, too high. Also, make it with the option of either having it mirror your number from your existing "too big to be a phone phone" or actually just have it be a standalone small smartphone. I personally love the idea of having a well thought out small phone that can run modern apps.
Can I just get that launcher. Would look cool on a big phone I think
Flop and redundant idea which will fail miserably ??
For $350 just get a Pocophone F1 also holy damn it still has more RAM than most phones
Is this guy available in India??
It is very beautiful though, i could use this next to an iPad or even laptop as a standalone phone
hmm i think i'll make a car that fits in your car when you dont want to drive your car but it's much smaller like a clown car and sell it for 50 grand. Makes sense after watching this.
Great idea, just wayy too overpriced, should be like $90
Why do they even bother trying to make these stupid stuff?
Seriously? Might as well bring back flip phones while you're at it
Am I the only one who want to have this phone?
Recoveryourlife! An intelligent phone never never could steal your life, is smaller than people think! This PALM is perfect.
Let us make our fine bigger, even more bigger so we can have amazing experience on fone. Oh no! Our fone is too big. Let us make a smaller done that connects to your big fone. ????
So it's a smartwatch?
“navigate to the nearest Starbucks”
Why wouldn’t you just buy a smaller size smart phone. Keeping 2 phones isn’t the answer.
phoneception
Why would you even want this at that price when you can just get a smart watch that is smaller and is easier to carry!
Just LOL
Phone needed more battery capacity
Dual SIM Dual PHONE LOL
This is a joke.. right?
I think i like this
This is another perfect example of how stupid us humans are.
It's cute tho
Has better specs that my phone lol
Developers of the this phone working harder than hmd-Nokia
i rather buy an iphone se or a 5s
If you want a tiny back up phone or "weekender" buy a LG Sunrise
or you could get a smart watch
Where to buy it??????
You didn't gave the links????????????????????????????????
I'm minimalist thats smartphone enough for me btw smartphone seized our lives..It's a good chance to stop
Nice phone , can I purchase it
is there any competitor to this phone? im kinda interested in this form factor
This will fall harder than the Steam Machines... I dare you to deny it
Waiting for its upcoming models to become bigger and bigger and then watching them launch a small-smaller phone for the assistant phone of your main phone..
But..... why?
It says PLAM on the back, who's PLAM???
So people are really going to spend 300+ on this plus 10 dollars a month for this nonsense lol.
My phone has been asking me for a phone! This is perfect!
It is designed to be abolished !??
Id use it as a standalone for sure, but the premise they're selling us is absolute bullshit.
Seems too small for watching YT... ??
Where we can buy this ?
Cute Phone??
Fixing a problem that never existed, donate those 10 bucks
Love it
This just made me laugh , well you all know why.
It somehow has more ram and a higher processing power than my current phone
This what the iphone x se should look like lmao
Big smart watch it is :D
i prefer nokia 3310
How can I get this in India ?
why not make a 4"- 4.5" high-end android smartphone ? 120mm in length smartphone is "easytocarry" enough
Haha nice JOKE
OMG!!! Cool!! I want ??????
The funny thing is. If I buy that tiny phone, it would be better than my bigger one.
The makers of this have not heard of smart watches?!
I’m gonna start investing my money towards leaving this planet. I don’t know where we are heading but all seems pointless from here on.
$350 lmao, my nice 5.5" SD 650 Redmi Note 3 has been chugging along for 3 years at $200, can even play heavy games like PUBG decently. What a joke of a phone. Shouldn't be a dollar over $100, and that's being generous.
I really like it but I just can't think of a use case for me
IPOD IN DISGUISE
New additional failure to Palm
I dont trust the verge anymore
Nice design. I would be interested in using it as my daily driver, not as an accessory, because I don't want a large Phablet (I use the now discontinued iPhone SE). In a phone I would like - a phone (and messenger, e.g. Threema, no other social media) - a good music player - a very good camera - internet communication for directions and transport I don't need anything else. I really would like an iPhone SE with a full, bezelless screen and no home button.
Tweezers
Thailand pleassssse i waiting for you baby
I really would like some programmable buttons on the sides. on any smartphone.
It's VERIZON?! jeez no thanks
Wtf
Soooo it's androids dumber version of an Apple Watch ???
Or you can buy the iPhone SE.
Does it have to share your phone number? If not it could be good for teens
why they dint use notch?
I want thissss
I thought it was a cute phone that I'd consider for my daughter until you said it was $350. I wouldn't pay no more than $200
This would make so much more sense marketed as just a regular phone. This "second smaller phone" thing is just... silly. But there are definitely people who might consider downsizing and using this as their only phone.
Good comedy material
I recommend the Unihertz Jelly Pro, which is cheaper and also very tiny.
What about headphone jack????? I would love to have music on this
if it was proper phone i would have bought it.
Price is too high they could just go with 1gb ram 4gb rom to cut out some money around 30-50€
I miss my Palm devices still, and my Windows phones. Not sure this gimmick is worth it though.
Stupid idea. You are better off with an LTE smart watch if you want to leave your phone at home.
Review
It's just a bigger smart watch
If you didn't use a Palm Pilot, you're not the Palm guy. ??
Looks good
.....and I want one!
The phone for when your PDA needs a PDA, that's so Elitist. You can't see it but I'm smiling here. You can't "blame" Apple but, this is so Apple. Create a problem and charge addition to solve it. My big phone consumes too much so I buy a little phone for a companion. Reverse tablet. If you've got that type of money there are kids in schools that can use a workable tablet for schoolwork, just saying. My pet needs a pet. I'm laughing with you not at you.
2018 has been a sad year for phones
I want it!!!
This is one of those ideas alright
Its cool but i make it bezelless and im sold
Useless phone of the year...
What the .....?
Why not just get a simple phone, so you don't have to buy a expensive phone to then get a simple phone?
Just get Apple Watch. Does the same and more
Superb ????????
3gb ram?!
Honestly, this is garbage. I would just buy one of the new Nokias instead. Much more responsive for what they need to do due to the lack of cruft that takes up power, bigger batteries, and the physical keypad is better for typing if you have very little room.
Hey buddy Give me away this phone I am poor ?? I have no money for buy that phone
Way too many custom controls. I don't want to learn an entire new way of controlling my phone when I would be using it for the occasional use.
Hahaha is this an April fool's joke?? What's the point of this haha
just buy a smaller screen sized phone.
A phone for people who hate phones !
Palm best feature was WEBos I stll Have 3 Palm pre’s lol
...So, it's a phone for when you don't want to use your phone?
What is the point of this??????
Its really cool. Its like a full function smart watch. Amazing thing for an outdoor workout or when you go to a bar and don’t want to lose your main phone.
It's BS..it serve more purpose than it is supposed to be...and it cost more money than it should be.
At this point much better XZ2 Compact
But... Why?
Really thought that on Thumbnail it is Small iPhone
That phone's actually better than the one I have right now.... sniff sniff
just 3 question 1 will there be a GSM version 2 Can it work as a stand alone phone 3 how long does the battery last 4 who much would it cost as a standalone that four questions
Bro I want thi mobile , plz this is my dream phone ?
I dont like the concept of this product as it seems excessive, but im glad Palm is back
it's a phone for your phone....that makes sense
Useless until Apple comes along next year calling it "the revolutionary iThing". I seriously don't see the process in which they thought of this thing. Was it like "how do we make people believe that they have a problem that doesn't exist"? It really doesn't make any sense and I REALLY hope this doesn't become a thing.
Waste of money
phone for child.
Pointless.
Can we play pubg on it
Can we play pubg on it
I KINDA WANT IT for running n backup phones and stuff its pretty cute too
Ewwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwww throw it in fire plz
I would want that as my main phone, but i think the mediocre camera kills it
That's small, but I can see it's fast, ??...
Let me have it
iPhone Xs mini?
Seems like a good festival phone to me. Too bad you can't just buy one.
It's better my phone, spec-wise Like, what
2:22 - TFW that's all you do on your phone anyways.
It's so cute it's for people who has a weakness for cute things
I will stick to my iPhone SE any day.
from where would i buy this phone.. and the price
Sounds about right for shithole countries like mine where getting your phone stolen is extremely common. You give them this tiny thing and hope they don't kill you
I want this phone
Lol this seems pointless. If u dnt want big phone just buy a smaller one in the first place.
2019-i want small phone cuz my phone became a tablet
Get a galaxy watch
if it was a standalone phone it'd be great for loads of people
I like the idea. But even if I had Verizon, no regular sms messaging is a deal breaker. BTW - I also lament the failure of WebOS and for that matter BB10. To this day, I still sometimes swap my sim card over to my BB Classic.
Yeah this phone is trash
What the heck is this sheet?
So a not smart SmartWatch XXL? It's like using a Kettcar when I don't want to use my big car!
You lost me at Android phone. Even tho I have one now (Oneplus 6), it'll be my last. No more smartphones for me. I'm over it all.
I mean, this costs as much as a Xiaomi Redmi Note 5 Pro(if not more) and the Xiaomi does everything you'd expect from a phone, and more(considering the price).
Why it isnt priced accordingly to its specs.
This is honestly the most pointless piece of tech I've EVER seen. Rediculous.
Srsly?
what a iphone / ? watch mock up.. damn.
It would be better if this device runs android go.
That's just silly. For less than the price of that you can get an iPhone SE. You can ignore that one, too. But you get better battery life, a reasonably sized screen, a stronger chipset and probably a better camera plus more software updates. Got one and I like it. Why on earth would you buy that thing, for the IP68 rating?
I wish it was bigger!
Phone is very good if price is less than 67$ or 5000?. I liked small screen size and pocket friendly phones but this cost too much. For that price i would like to buy Xiaomi Poco f1 powered by snapdragon 845 with 6gb/64GB Variant @ 285$
Lol everybody hating on this but when Apple makes the SE then they say that's so good
???
It's a good device IF IT IS A PHONE! What's point of having a separate phone to not use your phone?
Can i play pubg on this? ??
Aw man i wish I could buy it for $100. It would be the perfect digital, wall mounted switch for a smart home. With the google assistant on it and support for android apps, just need an elegant way to charge it and mount it and this would be so dope!
It's a money grab from Verizon, it's useless.
so its just a big smartwatch?
Yea buy a smaller phone for your big phone... WTF.
They lost me at $10 extra/month
the screen should be bezeless, n the cam like find x
Another way to make money, pathetic. Just make smaller flagship phones.
Love the looks and the size, Trying to find a new modern upgrade that doesn't go over 5" is a knightmare, Now if only it had a better battery life.
Huge RIPOFF of the original PalmOS and WebOS ffs
A phone to use your phone. I have lost faith in humanity.
4:55 you are wrong, my smart watch can run any android app too. It's got google play store.
Why not just use a wearable
This is my dream. I love tiny phones. I use a tablet otherwise for everything else.
ausam amazing gadget i wana buy but not available in Pakistan i try online buying web but none are offering it so hope soon it will come to Pakistan then ill buy it, its a smart phone batter then iphone x
isn't that why they created the watch?
You can always buy a small cheap phone and save hundreds of dollars LoL.
Just make an actual phone please
buy a small phone jeeezus
It’s trying to be an Apple Watch with LTE but it can’t compete.
It would be better if it was a 4 inch bezeless phone..
For 350$?? Very ueseless
This is nothing new /: and it has never cought on
I would have been satisfied if it could be used as a primary phone, You know for the needy people like me...
cool idea but come on man you really think anyone's gonna spend more than $150 for a phone that is meant to do less? you can get a lot of full sized phones for the same price.
what a stupid idea,.. so now we must buy a phone, if we dont want to use a phone.. LOL seriously people??
Its specs are better than my Samsung
This is nice i cant use bigger phone than 4.7 inch because of my disease i hope Samsung or another brand continue to produce small phones too.
Make small phones popular again
Life mode is Airplane mode with new icon and text
3.5" to 4" to 4.7" to 5" to 5.5" to 6" to 3.5" so on and so on common make up your mind manufacturers
Pointless, Useless
I mean WTF , First you spend 1000+ $ on a big phone like S9+ \ Pixel and then you buy a phone to cover it up just because u don’t want to carry the bigger phone .. Seriously if that’s the case why on the earth did I buy the first phone ? Palm you should name it as Facepalm ?????????????????????
Oh gosh, I don't normally comment but seriously!!!!!!!!??????!!!!!??????????!!!!!!????????????????????????? We buy 1000 dollar phones so we can get another tiny one, that is so much worse than the main phone????????????? Why?!?!?!?!?!?!???? I just can't even!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Also the UI is so Apple watch... My gosh!!!!!!! I honestly don't know why I'm so outraged over sth so stupid but OMG seriously?!!???????!!!!!!!!???????!!!!!!!?!?!?!
I don't want second companion phone bcz of today's phones are too huge, I need 4.7-5.7 inches bezel-less phone.
This is perfect for when you're in a third world country where you're get easily robbed, then you can leave your main phone at a hotel and go around with this one.
I like the launcher, thats about ut
Dieter you look like Star Fox ??
Useless product But it would be better if it could be used on its own
Some making huge 6-7 inches phones and some making smaller 3-4 inches phones but no one making perfect size phones bcz of market selling strategy. I wanted 4.7 - to 5.7 inches completely bezel-less no chin phones.
Will it work with all carriers.
Why would I need one? I don’t ge it. I’d rather buy a cheaper nokia banana phone with LTE if I want a secondary phone.
I keep thinking- which is that watch he is wearing.
Stupid idea. Why buy and take a subscription for a mini phone, when you already bought a 800/1000 dollar phone. Like you buy the “big” phone because you like the looks, feels, software and now you have a second phone just to not use your main phone.... stupid idea as I said
It's cute..
Interesting but...................
But the point is.. can it run PUBG?
This should be the main primary phone and not secondary !
They market this as an extension/accessory of your phone but has a capability to completely disconnect from anything. So what’s the purpose of this garbage again?
Just get a smart watch
Who's gonna game on that?
Palm phone > Pixel 3
fail
better buy sony flagship compact models
Create a problem, sell a solution!!
I’m sure this is some money laundering behind this
Would be so handy to take to work but not available in the UK ??
i hold two phones, damn they should sell this , would be mine main driver ,can always hotspot to a bigger screen phone
I wish they'd bring back small phones. Would love to see an iPhone SE 2.
What s the launcher called???
I think this thing is great! That "Life" feature would literally work perfectly for my needs. If I wanna go biking or snowboarding I'm not gonna hear my phone go off while I'm concentrated on not crashing; may as well have my phone be "off" and not risk breaking a $1000 device. I want one
Actually this is a good concept for when your other phone is unreliable
Thanx but no i dont have money to spend
I would love to go back to a fully featured smart phone that was small like that. I also like the interface/launcher as well. Turns out, after spending hundreds of dollars on my phone, I only end up using text, email, instagram, sometimes map and occasional calling. Nearly everything else the phone can do, I don't use.
The smart watch is supposed to do all that.
Put your hand up if you want a bigger flagship version of this?
Great one
toy
Basically you can use this phone to cheat your exam ?? that's it
Do "boy" stuff lmaoooo
The palm centro was my favorite pre smart phone phone. <3 I had the raspberry color in the soft plastic version.?? I dont think I'd get this though. Lol...
Rather buy a iPhone SE and save couple dollars.
Pointless lol
It's a good phone.....but..way expensive. 350$ If the price is cut to half....then it may rock.
Where can i get this one
It's better than my phone
Since when are smartphones no longer mobile phones?
awesome! I hope small simple phones make a comeback!
It's basically is an android iPod
Why didnt you test it on a big screen??? What that would take 3 minutes extra? Smh
Finally, a phone that is the right size! I hoping it is 3.3" size! Should have Snapdragon 845 with 6GB RAM instead!
you can do boy stuff...
why not just carry your phone?
I love what you did with the volume 2:50 nice move you got a subscriber ??
Wow what a pointless concept ... weekender phone and leave my main phone at home ?
Total bullshit
Haha same processor and ram as the moto g6. Motorola you listening?
This might be good as a bicycle computer.
who thought this was a good idea
It would be cool as a stand alone
Has a smart phone become like a car now... where you have your daily driver, then a weekend car...
so it's basically a smart watch but bigger and can't be worn on wrist
Did anyone ever think he has a weird name when watching The series?
Yes..it would be worth $10 a month. I am an Iphone user and honestly I cant stand this big phone trend. The iphone 8 is the biggest I want to go..I really do not like putting that thing in my pocket. I did have the SE but sold it...I thought Apple was going to do an SE 3...I wish I kept it! I told my wife I was thinking about going back to a flip phone, just for the size and convenience, but realized I do to much on my phone. We both decided to upgrade to the Apple Watch 4 with cellular...just to not have to lug around our phones...but that wont happen until Christmas. But yes, I miss the smaller phones.
Dumbest idea ever.
Wait... what? ?? Welcome to 2018!
Sell it as standalone for no more than $100 and I'll buy it rn
Wonderful....Wow...Please do a giveaway
This guy says "you know" a lot.
Do you guys know any launcher like this? I kinda like that bubble app-drawer.
No Notch ? thats sed
this phone very nice.. hope they have the 5"" screen...
This is hilarious. Wow!
So what is it? A phone? A phone for your phone? Wannabe smart watch? Dual display for your phone? Lmao
This is stupid
iwatch interface
The camera needs to be good
How much? $150?
Did he say $350!!! you got be kidding me For what? must be stupid as hell to buy that thing and then spend $10 a month on top.. if you want to throw away your money like that hit me up @JGtechBlog youtube hasn't been payin well lately
I like it so much I want it
This might be the dumbest product I’ve ever seen... a phone for a phone? Stop and let that sink in... WTF!
When it will available in India
5:15 Hey guys buy this phone and you get to ignore it completely ??
If only you could slap it on your wrist...
Meaning flight mode ????
I sense it will probably flop. When people go away for a weekend, at least one feature they want from their smartphone, that I can think of right out the pocket, is the camera. Doubt people will give that up for a bit of space in their pocket. And not as compact/practical as a watch.
$350? Gtfoh with that noise.
Looks nice!
Verge to the moon!
a side phone. most pointless device ever invented
I cant wait to subscribe to see a non phone with phone pricing review
STOOPID
Could you play pubg mobile on it?
Pay more to use your phone less and avoid all the phone features your real phone has. I see a homerun
I'd rather HTC bring back the m7 form factor with updated specs, waterproof it, and make it bezelless.
Seems a little contradictory. Pay more money each month to use the primary device you paid so much money for less often.
This is the stupidest thing I’ve ever seen IN MY LIFE!! AAAAHHHHH
but this is all I need
in 2010 this could be considered an android PHONE.
WHEN YOU WANT TO CATCH YOUR SPOUSE CREEPIN U ADD THIS PHONE TO THERE PHONE. THINK ABOUT IT PEOPLE.
Love to see all the possible use case scenarios people can come up with for this.
ehhhhh, I think I'd rather go for one of the compact Sonys.
I like it!! if iphone they release palm phone i will buy!
WebOS was the best back in its day and very underrated! It always makes me smile when Dieter brings it up.
Nice launcher ! Apple watch like interface
I'd rather get a Pocophone F1 for $50 less
Starting 4:07PM with 64% and ending at 4:47PM with 47%...Not sure how long this phone is gonna last...17% drop in 40 mins is a massive battery deal. Skipping PALM - Better remain in shelves.
A second phone for your phone....I don't get it. I guess some people out there just have too much money!
Will be $50 in 6 months. No point being exclusive on Verizon. This would make an awesome tethering mobile hotspot for other devices as long as it's connected to a wireless charger.
Future iPhone
Why
All of my nope.
Plz tell the model no of this ph.
I like the idea, I'd be sold if the camera was high end and the battery lasted over two days.
This is 100% a doomed product.
they just had to have the vertical camera setup huh!
Cyberpunk 2077 looking real good
<3
"Life mode" really palm- android already have aeroplane mode
If this could be some remote/monitor systems for my main phone. It would be perfect
I thought smartwatches were a phone for your phone?, if people buy this they will essentially have 3 phones, their main phone, companion smart watch and secondary mini phone. People keep buying the same thing over and over again.
it's aim towards students. if you know you know??
Got a perfect sized Essential phone for 250. This is 350 to manage your monstrous 800-1000 dollar phone. No thanks Verizon,you're already doing a fantastic job of ripping people off.
This device will fail at that $350 price point... I look forward to seeing them for sold by the truckload for $50 on Ebay next summer.
while this is a little too small, i would hope this would be a baby step (heh) to smaller phones being an option again. i'm tired of big phones! we need options for flagship specs in iPhone 5 sized android devices, perfect for one handed use. or maybe i'm just getting old and every phone cramps my hand
I can’t believe these companies are trying to promote a product you should use less all while charging the same as some flagships lol.
You know,
Super bro
Scam
I dig the UI
Sounds good....... doesn't work
Like a kids' phone
Do you ever use your phone for gps in the car. But u want to text or browse Facebook while driving without interrupting gps. Palm phone
$350!? just get an iPhone se
Aw man the Palm Pre is my favorite phone of all time
This is a phone for people whom are looking to cheat on their partners to have private conversations. ??
When you’re such a rich conspicuous consumer that your phone has a phone.
Worst idea ever
Is this compatible with Fortnite Mobile?
I would totally use it as my music player device.
This would be a good snowboarding phone where I don't want to carry my bulky big phone with me and also don't want to risk catching an edge and breaking my $850 big phone
It looks a bit like the LG Arena KM900.
When one phone wasn't enough..... Such a poopoo idea!
Clearly made for prison use
I want one just to use it as a mp3 player
Yo dawg, I heard you like phones... so we gave your phone a phone so you can phone home when you’re away from your home phone
1:44 why do every time you make a video, you have to mention iphone? Do you really expect people to ask face id on their side phone? People who buy this phone already now what they getting.
My weekend phone Is my weekday phone Mindblown
Whatsapp? Sim card slot? Can it be used in other countries?
When they want it to be tiny little one then why they have so big bezels in top and bottom. They could have cut off those bezels to make it real tiny or given extra screen by going bezeless and having same size. Just a thought. About Palm, there are they? I love Palm and I miss it really much. They deserve to be back in the market and rule it. Haven't heard of them.
You didn't say one thing about how it plays sound. Is there a mini jack hole for earbuds? Does it do bluetooth to earbuds?
I'd get something like this for going out to shows or places I don't want to have to carry a purse. But I also would rather just throw in my Sim or have a real cheap pay as you go plan for it.
I want in iPhone this size!
Honestly? I've been using a Galaxy S4 and Palm Centro side by side for about a year now on T-Mobile. I know it sounds silly but I'd rather keep the Palm Centro on the ground as there's no point taking a phone skydiving.
So it’s not a competition to the iPhone but competitive to phones like the light phone and the seimpo
So... spending more money because you don't wanna use your high-end phone? Get a smaller phone then lol
for $450 you will get iPhone 7. $350 for this phone is a lot.
This is attractive to me as a device to bring on bike rides, hikes or runs. I can use it for Strava, navigation and for contacting people in case of emergency without bringing my big primary device. Maybe the camera is even okay enough for an Instagram story or two along the ride. That 800mah battery would be an issue/dealbreaker though since I can't just turn on life mode as I would like to have it connected to GPS.
I would so get this phone if it were stand alone, with a volume rocker and more battery and possibly a better processor but really that's an afterthought. I don't use half the features on my phone something less cumbersome would really be great
Hahahahhaa dumbest thing I've ever seen lol.. just why.. lol
Doesn't seem that practical. The appeal of smart watch is its small size and easily strap onto your arm. But again I won't invest in a smartwatch either.
Completely & utterly pointless.
I need that launcher, please someone give the link to download it
Not needed, can get a (cheat but decent) 4k tv for that price.
Does it have a headphone jack?
Why though?
This little thing is soooooooo cute !
It is better than one of those crowdfunding minimalist phones
you know its a waste of money you know
This phone is so "first world problems" haha
I need
This is beyond stupid. Face in Palm.
Completely stupid
If this ran AOSP and had a headphone jack, I would be extremely interested.
Why though?
This is stupid. So you buy another phone for your phone so you don’t have to take or use your main phone. What’s the point. You can’t use with iMessage and you need a app to get android text. I’m sry but this stupid they should have just brought back the palm pre I had that phone and thought it was a good for for the time. But this is just silly.
any NFC for Google pay? then I can leave my wallet as well?
@Stephencurry
The Verge OMEGALUL
It's a secondary phone with the specs of a flagship from 3 years ago. This should be sold for $100 off contract without Android, with a sixth as much ram and just enough heft for basic web browsing. Then I'd buy it
So its just a small phone without proper security. Why??
?????
Google should make an Android Watch like that! 1:58
So they're basically reintroducing an iPod touch for android now? Lol.
What the hell is a weekend phone?
What a stupid idea. Who would pay 350$ to avoid using their 1000$ phone? And it's doesn't even have volume buttons? What a waste
You can sell these as kid phones
Plam comming to India
How long until we see a big Apple Watch? I mean Invicta dive watch big.
stupiod
Does it come with a pager?
This phone is cool but direct calls & messages needs to be allowed without pairing
Dear God....they just want the extra $10 a month.
Fail
Forget weekender, this could become much popular as a weekday or all day phone.
Just why would anyone buy this?
Lost interest the moment you said Verizon
Why would I spend $1000 for a phone and then use this. On top of that pay another $350... I feel it’s cheaper to buy a car then a phone. ??
Garbage
Lol thought this was cute but at most $100
$350 + $120 a year for the shared number + $$$ for actual phone... no thank you. It would be cool if it had the features of a good bicycle computer (GPS, daylight visible screen, long battery life, waterproof) so I could take it on a bike ride and still have a phone, but it's not that.
There is a market for small phones. I know people stucked in phones from more than 3 years ago because the size. I think not that small but maybe between 4.5 or 5 inch bezel less phone it could be a thing for a lot of people. It's ridiculous how even 5 inch became "a small phone"
What if you just buy an iPhone 4s as a backup phone ?
1:21 1:22 you can do boys stuff? What's boys stuff? ?????? And also this is the stupidest idea I've ever heard
What the hell this thing has more ram and a better processor than my current phone
This thing will help make sure that Palm stays out of business.
Who in marketing and what manager gave this a thumbs up? Short timers.
Dear phone manufacturers, if you're reading: people want a decent iphone SE android alternative, ideally privacy-focused and bloatware-free as well. This Palm phone is just a crippled compromise but I applaud Palm for bringing back the small form factor.
Captain 2 phones here.. LG G7 ThinQ and iPhone SE ??
looks great. Palm may be on to something here
So COOOL. MOREEE WE NEEE MORE SMALL PHONES!!
I’d love this as a flip phone
I just want a phone that encourages me to use it less. One of these as a stand alone device would be great.
3GB RAM? Ohh just like the cute lil iPhoneX thing
I need that thing my phone got stole because I couldnt hide it bacause its too big now I can carry that phone without it being stole
This would be a really great phone for a kid. Just think abt it. The size, the simplified UI and functions. The price of course! U surely dont want to spend a fortune on a phone that a kid would probably end up breaking it.
lame $350 or $10/mo. I can get a Regular PrePay smart phone for that price as a back up. If you're realy into tiny phones then, no; still no
People who are saying this is a ripoff aren't taking into consideration that people who bought phones like note 9 are gonna buy this. Look I'm sorry your parents let you trap with pocophone but that's not everyone's situation.
So ridiculous
Wish it was a standalone phone for like $150
um... i thought that's what apple water is for...
What watch are you wearing?
So here is my take on it as an investor: If this was a product for doctors to communicate among themselves, or atheletes to communicate within their team or something along those lines. This would be a great product. But this is not for your average consumer. They have steph curry as an investor and to market this. This is how much athletes are not in touch with reality. They think people will buy their 150$ shoes therefore you will spend another 200 to "get away from your phone". Why dont I just go buy a used up iphone from craiglist? Why this? This is my issue with tv stars and atheletes promoting things to average consumer and ripping them off.
Useless, you can get a secondary phone for cheaper.
Nokia 3310 is best for a spare phone..
They overlooked one thing... When the weekend comes around that's when I go hard on my phone. Camera, navigation, videos, basically everything I need a fast phone for. Only time I would need something like this is maybe going to the beach. Shame they used Palms name on this.
So first gen iPhone running android. Got it. ???????
Im really confused. Whats the purpose?
An 800 mah battery.... God damn that's awful.
JUST DONT BUY A BIG PHONE
Is that a giant apple watch?
i can see this being used for a kid if you are a parent and dont want to spend money on something super expensive. And by kid I mean maybe like 11-12 years of age. But as a single person why would you need a smaller phone if you already have a smart phone thats most likely better. Idk what to think about the palm phone..
800maH battery; I'm not interested anymore
Pointless device. It will tank.
PALM DAD HAS RETURNED
It reminds me of a modern day pager.
Would be good for a child just for 10 bucks a month
3.3" thats just 0.2" less than the original ABSOLUTELY BARBARIC ORIGINAL IPHONE ! SO HUGE! (2008)
So a pet for my phone?
This is how Palm goes their comback....muhahaha
$350 = GARBAGE! $40-$60 = SHUT UP AND TAKE MY MONEY...
I think the light phone 2 has a better concept, e-ink display on a smart phone could catch on.
A waste of space
Why not a 4.5" phone with specs like this and a bigger battery? The iPhone 5S and SE are the last of their kind of small flagship-grade smartphones with minimal compromises. I guess I'll just get an Xperia XA2.
A cool little device, killed at birth by its own marketing stupidity. A phone for a phone? This is everything that is wrong with modern smartphone users and the entire industry. I would totally use an unlocked version of something like that as a daily device, since most of the time I have a tablet or a laptop on me. If you need a phone for your phone, you probably need help, too.
It doesn’t have to cost thousands...
Shout out to someone to make something crazy out of this concept
A better way to use it would be 1 sim in your laptop and another in this. So phone calls and other stuff can be done in this, while productivity and media consumption can be done in laptop, which many people do anyway if they are in a situation to carry it around always.
“Weekender phone”??? This makes no sense. Why not just take your regular phone with you if want YouTube and other apps? This idea wasn’t thought out...
This would be good if it can coordinate with main phone via bluetooth, much like how smartwatch works, in case if we don't want connected numbers plan or some short. Like he said, this is kind of like a big smartwatch rather than a tiny phone.
$350 to downgrade to a worse phone? I’m good.
Well the iPhone SE just fits into my pockets. And I will keep looking for devices not bigger than that. But I just prefer the bitten fruit... ??
So apple watch?
Can it do Android Auto? I’d get it just to connect and hide it behind the dashboard.
It's useless, what's the problem with your "normal phone" being bigger, why would you waste 350$ for that, your actual phone would become useless too
Nice key chain. Lol
Stupid idea. Good luck startup from san francisco.
This is so frustrating, because I want a phone exactly like this. Standalone. I don't really want any of the latest phones. When I leave the apartment I want tools to get me places and contact people and that's it. I'm intrigued by light phone 2 but it's never gonna have a decent maps alternative.
If it was $100 it'd be good for running or riding a bike. That's about it.
Can you please put this out without a plan and unlocked...
3.3" is only .2" smaller than the iPhone 4S
play pubg on it
If the screen was completely bezelless it might have been a neat little replacement for the iPhone SE. As it is this looks more like a novelty toy then anything else.
Anyway to get that launcher? I kind of like it.
Is this a new company that is launching the palm brand or is it HP That's doing this? Cause I remember HP was the last known owner of the palm brand
it's the next ipod, but android edition
sick this thing has a newer android version than my G7 thinq
So it's a $350 iPhone 4?
who even needs 3gb of ram on that tiny phone?
This is what I’ve always wanted for cycling! Just need a tiny light phone that can make emergency calls and WhatsApp msg’s.
I need to pee
Better design than most phones.
that would be a dream if Apple brought it out ??
Lmao palm alive again
That’s... the dumbest thing I’ve ever seen.
This would have been great if it was cheaper Because the only way I see myself using a phone like this is if I’m going somewhere not safe and I’m afraid to get mugged or something If you still don’t know what I’m trying to say Imagine that your are traveling to a country/state that isn’t as safe as your country/state You will obviously take your main phone with you but when you get there and you want to go out and you don’t want to risk taking your main phone with you but you still need a phone for communication and basic stuff Then a phone like this is great but that’s only if it was cheaper
so it's an Android wear (watch) phone.
You know, you got a xz2 compact with snapdragon 845, 64gb rom, 4gb rom...a relatively compact phone with 2018 flagship specs, for almost the same price, if you want a compact phone.
So this is an Apple Watch for android users
$350? Haha hahaha
It should be able to run pubg mobile lol
Wait what... 3gb ram for a "weekend phone"? My main phone has 3gb ram
Thumbs up if you would buy one of these (if it could actually be a real smartphone that just worked)
Now imagine that.......on a watch
Where can you buy it?
God damn it this is already a failure.
My last palm phone was a treo 650 back in 2004/5 so thanks for remind me those great palm phones and pdas , great times
Just make a normal sized phone which is not giant, like 4.4 inches with a decent camera!
The only good thing about that phone is the launcher.
Small phones are awesome.
This would be a great idea if it was cheaper and less feature packed. I mean, the only reason for this would be to be your "thieves phone". Leave your big, expensive phone home when going out walking and take your tiny with basic features phones for calls and maybe check emails sometimes etc. But it has too many things in. Even 3gb of ram is too much for this purpose.
Good phone for little kids? 25$ extra a month? Sounds like it to me
A phone for a phone? This is one of the stupidest ideas I've ever seen??
So why does it have the itunes app downloaded? Thats apple only
You don't want to carry around your computer, get a laptop. You don't want to carry around your laptop, get a tablet. You don't want to carry around your tablet, get large screen phone. You don't want to carry around your large screen phone... Get this one.
Palm? It says PA lM It’s different
It reminds me of an Archos 29 3" tablet but that was a tenth the price
I WANT THE LAUNCHER ON MY NORMAL PHONE
Hardware - iPhone X knock off, software UI - Apple Watch knock off, great
The pocophone is $300
So this a device that's between my phone and my smartwatch? Ugh.
???? WTF!
I get the case for this phone. Because it's what I like with iPhone5S. It is small and feels comfortable on my hands.
If you came here to know about it's battery, it's 800m.Yes, delete your life's 5 min and go somewhere else.
Pretty pointless imo ??
More like of a pimp phone rather than your backup smart phone.
So it's an oversized smartwatch? :-/
Is not for me..
I can already see the failure of this so called phone. Without sim and high price tag who will want a second phone.
It is not secured as Face ID on the iPhone.. Correct!
Watching this makes me wonder the notch of pixel 3 XL.
If this were a $100 budget phone I could use with any carrier, sure. But they had to kneecap it.
Or you could just buy a high end android smartwatch with lte connectivity that has built in mic and speakers.
maybe its a smart battery pack for when your phone dies...you can just turn this on as a backup
Sounded like his name was ??eter ??one
I would lose that thing in a few days.
When you are a brand like The Verge and you can't even transfer a picture to a big screen to see if it is a good camera. Shame on you!
This made me want a revamped iPhone SE
Stop telling me that I know; I don't, which is why I'm here! Ya know? :p
Basically a iPhone 5s lol
I really like this phone I think it will be good for older people that don’t want to pay to much but just want to keep in touch with family and friends
so its DLC...
Its more powerful hran my nokia 6
Damn was he depressed in his review
Lame Idea. This is just an attempt to grab more money from customers.
This is going to be a mistake. The display size should've been 4-4.5 inches. It makes no sense that it's a carrier exclusive and has to be connected to a main device for the price.
This is bullshit
Pretty useless
What a useless POS
What is the Lauschers Name? I like the Style .
I dont need my phone to have more friends than me.
What a waste of money and natural resources.. ???????
want a tiny phone? buy yourself a SONY XPERIA RAY for 50$ ^_^
Small screen, but turns off cellular easily. So no good for calling kids or grandparents who you are likely to give this phone to. Have to buy with a plan. So no good as a backup phone. Did i hear that right 800mAh battery. You really have to switch it off.
It would be so cool to have a phone this size, but bezel-less
New business model: If you can't make a good phone, don't!
No. You should see my charging table now.
Assuming media apps aren't too cramped on that screen, I'd probably be using it as a remote control for Chromecast more than anything else
I get it because it fits in the Palm of your hand...
All good until "Verizon exclusive" and "$350." Unlocked and below $200, I'm all over it.
It's cute
Sigh, I remember old days of me sitting on the bus, my pre, and web os. Swiping from card to card. Also the honey comb styling reminds me of the apple watch
Verizon getting greedy, bad enough it's a exclusive and it's $350, but having to pay $10 a month is a deal breaker. Making a phone is exclusive is a bad idea especially if your phone ain't that good.
This is a great idea....at $100. It's a total non-starter at $350.
This would actually be perfect for me since I cycle often and id like to have a phone vs a computer to be able to get GPS or calls.
ios has this kinda thing going on for years. it's called iphone se.
?? ??? ????? ????? ,????????? ??????????, ??? ??????????? ??????? ??????? ????????? ?? 50 ???????,?????? ?? ?????.............
The AppleWatch for android... just bigger... and without bands... and less features... Still the best Android AppleWatch competitor
I never clicked a video so fast before like this!
This is it bois, we have come full circle.
Does it have Bluetooth?
Basically.... it’s a phone....
A parasitic phone. Stupid
"you're going to have to use Verizon's..." You can stop right there. I hate it.
If this is for 60 dollars then it's fine
Imagine playing PUBG on it..lol
But why ?
Why???
"life mode" basicly just airplane mode?
This says a whole lot on the state of Android wear watches that this thing is a market viable product. Ridiculous.
It's better to add extra $350 to you budget and buy a extra premium smartphone.??
Paaaaaaalm!! I miss webOS ??
Will be on sale within 6 months....
Stephen Curry brought me here.
I'm using an iPhone SE to go along with my big android.
For people that hate phones... and mostly want to use their computer.. It's actually great. Whatsapp, SMS and Phone and the rest on a real computer.. Why not?
What’s the point?
No it's not
Stop saying you know
Why? Just use your phone or the smart watch you probably already have
10 years too late.
I would buy it if it was sold separately and for a bit less.
Dislike to the phone in 2018... Like to your video
So palm /life mode is airplane mode.
If this cost $50 and I didn't have to pay $10 every month, then maybe I would consider buying at as a phone to use at home, to avoid work related distractions, but for $350 I can just get another fully functioning phone.
You really have to appreciate the effort they put into the custom Android skin. Its designed to do exactly what they set out and seems very intuitive. Not sure I'd want to use it myself but I kind of love it as a device.
U know.....U know...U know
So basically an Apple Watch being a smartphone, if that makes any sense.
Soon people will have a phone for a phone for a phone for a phone.or a smart watch for a smart watch
Modern smartphones have become so big we now need a second, small smartphone ???????
Stick a strap on it and market it as an oversized smartwatch, and it might have a market. I knew someone who did this once with a smallish smartphone. He was a geek, of course, and didn't care much for style. But there's your market, if there is one at all.
Either get a smartwatch or just buy an iphone se. Buying an iphone se also gives an andriod user the experience of iphone for a low cost and since it's small, it's not bothersome. Win=win
Again the verge not knowing what they are doing. Just stop doing tech, leave it to the professionals
Ughh really that's not a palm phone just because it has the palm name on a piece of plastic don't make it a palm just like blackberry using Android
Sd 435 3gbRam 32Rom. Pretty much sounds like Samsung's mid range devices.
If it was standalone, camera was better and bezelless, i'd be sold. They can minimise the functionality alot more.
Damn! I wish I could get this unlocked on T-Mobile.
But can it run crysis? ??
Thats good for toddlers
I bought a phone for my phone now I need a phone for my phone phone? any ideas?
I’d be surprised seeing this take off.
What a stupid idea. Why would anyone but this
This is a best! 3G ram!?! My phone is only 2 and it's big phone!
As a primary phone it would make more sense!
Does this phone laugh in India ???????
Cute. The Palm too.
This is cool.
Perfect for my 2 year old ??
Useless
Don't really see the use of this and they are making the same mistake again partnering so heavily with a telco nevermind
What’s the point of this phone? I can just use my regular phone. With that price point I could get another regular phone that’s much more powerful than this phone. So it basically boils down to a novelty item. It’s pointless especially with smart watches being the much smaller portable phones.
so basically what my apple watch does with out all the health stuff on top of it and an extra thing to carry? i dont get who the audience is for 350
Deiter Bohn reminds me of Andrew Ilnyckyj from buzzfeed
I rather have a burn phone than this pos.
This is stupid
2:07 You know when you need a new phone when your current phone has less ram and internal storage than this tiny thing ??
How the heck do u come up with an idea to use a phone that needs to connect to another phone. This is nuts!!
I might be use that for going to the gym (if I can use it without a contract?)
What were they thinking ? ... More ways to waste cash
If sharing a number with a second phone isn't exclusive to this phone why not just buy a cheap Verizon prepaid phone and share your number with that... save yourself about $300.
The Ui looks slick but can’t you just buy one of those tiny android phones and swap your SIM card
Love that idea soooooo much!!!!!!!
Apple Watch Please.
As he was using it it was LAG Central...This is going to die faster than the dinosaurs did.
if only this thing cheap, it can be an alternative music player
In Russia we usually say - Eto pizdez!
can Google pls make a step down model from the pixel with the same camera but Al lower tier snapdragon and a 4 inch screen.
is there a phone without anything on it
but why?
Feels like this is supposed to compete with Apple Watch. ??
is there a phone without anything on it
Really, a second phone - not thanks. I am not even into smart watches.
Life mode? You mean airplane mode ???
What was that sidekick device for either HTC or Moto... where you clip it on and it unlocks your phone when you slide your phone out of your pocket? This reminds me of that level of usefulness.
Have you tried webos20090606 yet?
I can buy a poco F1 for around $285!!
they should have used at least 1500mah battery......
For when the computer in your pocket is too big…
Don't understand who this is for.
i appreciate the intent, but if you want to minimize cell-phone usage, why not create an android/iPhone flagship in the form of the deceased iPhone 5/SE to be used as a primary device...? ??
sick people, sick idea. Nothing else.
Cell phones are such a racket, I am ready to go back to a basic flip phone, at first glance I thought that is what is was
Why the hell can't it just be your main phone? Having two phones with the same number is for hipster yuppies with more money than sense lol. "Weekender phone" gimme a break
iWatch size
Would have been great if it was unlocked and standalone, SMH It's has so much potential and yes it's such a waste of money.
If you want a smaller phone the Apple iPhone SE is a full function phone at half the cost of this, I don't see a market for this at that price
So basically a drinking phone :D
This was the form factor we needed, not those TV’s disguised as phones. The huge price is a huge turnoff though.
My smartwatch runs normal Android and it costs a fraction of that thing... Also, what's wrong with calling it airplane mode?
This would be a more preferable alternative to Apple Watch for a smart phone. It's a very good idea and I would really love to see more similar products perhaps from different producers as well.
This thing would sell a lot more if it was just a normal phone instead of an accessory.
I was interested about it. And then I heard 350... Why not Nokia 1
A weekend phone with a poor camera? dont think anybody would use it like that. If this was something you could buy as a stand alone item would be a great kids first phone, its small and just enough. otherwise I just don't see the apeal in things like this =\
Is this what the phone industry has gotten to? I'm sorry, AM I THE CRAZY ONE HERE?! Welcome to 2018 folks. You buy a phone for a phone.
So let me get this straight, the proposition is to spend 10 dollars a month so I don't have to use the phone they want me to spend 800-1000 dollars on?
But why. Who would want this?
This would make an excellent little audio player if it had a headphone jack and a decent dac.
I love it but not the price tag for it. I can use it like a holiday phone whilst leaving my main at hotel.
It's cute I want one
this phone + pixel 3 camera + Snapdragon 660 + 4gb ram + oled ??
Nah.
That thing lags! Just buy discounted flagship or midrange of the last year for $300 and you sorted.
A giant Smartwatch without straps
The market for this seems smaller than the phone itself. Unless mainstream smartphones are too big for you to be able to carry, this tiny phone seems pointless.
Actually snapdragon 435 is very powerful for such a small device which would be used as secondary device !!! Only problem that battery should have been at least 1500 mah !!
Why not just use a smart watch with cellular?
It has more RAM than my everyday 3 years old tablet :)
OR you can find a much better spec'd (but still just as small) iPhone SE on Swappa for a fraction of the price. ??
Can we have just 1 fking medium size phone instead of a small phone with a big phone Make a phone with 5 inch display , with thin bezels or 4.5 inch with thick bezels instead of this stupid thing
it costs more than the pocophone f1
no thx
pointless... it's like having 2 finger print sensor on the same side of a unit..
$100 is the max price this phone deserves.
Basically just DLC for a phone
I want it.
Hopefully it has a Phillips-head screwdriver
Phoneception
That's definitely not what I was thinking.
Good grief. If you must have a weekender, get a cheap android phone,swap out the sim. Turn on airplane mode to save battery and control incomings. This just seems like another piece of kit that's going to end up in the back of your drawer in 6 months.
why did anyone think this would be a good idea? weekender phone? people use their phone more on the weekend than on weekday. and now I have to remember to charge another device? heck no. All this is, is a Palm phone with android OS.
$350?? I'm ready for $99
I think an apple watch would be a better buy, compared to this palm mobile as it has some health oriented features ( not available in my phone) and the rest of the thing's done by this palm phone can already be done by my phone, and iam not that lazy, to not to carry my phone with me. Just my thoughts about this product is its unnecessary ( its the same thoughts that i had for apple watch series 0, but i think even series 0 is more justifiable as on the fact that its a watch and not a mobile phone )
iPhone 2G + iPhone X + Apple Watch = Palm Phone.. ?? ?? ??
Nice joke. It's a joke and only a joke.
i will buy make it cheaper 125-130 dollars or something
Lol I like how its supposed to be a tiny phone so you can use it with one hand and he still uses it with 2 hands like its a 6 inch phone
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA. "Weekender phone". HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA
Yeah... This is just plain bullshit.
Buy an iphone 5s, hahah
So people buy bigger phones because that’s the thing now a days! Bigger better? But they make this little phone to go alongside your big phone because in case you don’t want to take your bigger phone with you? ?? Just remembered a song from back in the day! “ Milk the cow” the best way we know how! Smh ?????
Yo dawg, I heard you like phones, so we made a phone, for your phone, to help you cut down on your phone use!
I used to used Palm phones. They were great. They sure have fallen and this is a stupid idea.
3.3' and we call it funny. iPhone used to be 3.5'
1:22 "and you can do boy stuff"
2:25 tiny midget phone has no headphone jack. So how do I listen to music then. You said I could listen to music. Even the Obama TracFone has a headphone jack
But can it run pubg
But what if I want to leave the smaller phone home? Do I get an even smaller phone? What if I want to leave that one too? Lmao
Get a cheap Nokia
No just no
I'm searching 5 inch screen phone but not a single company making it now a days don't know why
People gonna start complaining the screen isn’t big enough.
xhibit: We gave you a phone with your phone so you can have another phone??
Replaces the tiny useless Apple Watch
Waste of time...
This reminds me of my HTC Aria from like 2010 or whatever
The tiny phone has better specs tham my curremt phone lol
I guess android people could use this but as a iPhone user... No thanks, just use a Apple Watch instead. It does minimal of what a full iPhone could do
Why?
Snap835 that thing is over powered for sure
They should sell the software instead of that phone. What say?
I miss writing in Graffiti.
I don't see a use case for it but I definitely want that launcher
Life mode is just airplane mode wtf haha
This is interesting to me, if I didn’t have my cellular Apple Watch even more so. It would be really freeing to have something so simple, again, assuming I didn’t have my beautiful cellular Apple Watch
A phone for yur child
Still a much better looking phone than Pixel 3. LUL
Subcribe my channel
Is this created by the same palm that designed the palm treo and pilot?
Rather turning the life mode on, I just don’t buy it, and ignore it forever.
Just stop
I was thinking about getting a smaller phone to lighten my pockets on the weekends but this ain't it I'm just gonna hunt down a small android or an older iphone and keep swapping sims
That's the same specs as my Lenovo k6 Note
Is it ip67 or 68?
That looks beautiful
Liked the concept !!
Isn’t this like an Apple Watch that isn’t a watch?
That is better than light phone 2
$350 dollars for a phone for your phone? Android taking the Apple route I see...
Why would anyone want this
whats the point...
And I thought my Xperia Z5 Compact's display is too small...
Need a 4 inch phone like this one with gigantic specs like sd 660 or more and 4 gigz of ram an d battery that lasts a full day
For your homies in the pen
If you don't get this Tic-tack looking phone out of my face. Im not even going to call it a phone any more. This looks like a toy, something you'd loose in-between the couch cushions and never see it again untill like 5 years later.
Yeup :-)
I actually like it alot. It's funny you compared it now to a watch because I initially felt the same. I would definitely buy one. Unfortunately AT&T most likely won't have it. I had an iWatch series 3 and it was ok, but I felt like aside from the heart rate monitor and texts messages it was pointless for me. The price didnt even out for me. This little thing however I like because it can do alot m or then a watch. For me and the job I have, it's perfect. I don't want any to carry around my note 9 all day at work, especially when I'm only checking texts, emails, calls and maybe a little Twitter. So this for the time I'm at work, will fit very nice. Then I can enjoy my note 9 fully once I ok punch out.
Next thing: Finger phone for your Palm phone for your Main phone
$350 gets me a real flagship phone
Honestly I rather buy an android watch or an apple watch because honestly I always take my phone with me
for $100 i'd buy, maybe $150
Please make a video on a phone for this phone. Tanks
This idea only works if it would be 50$ or something
I like the design, but not the idea
$350 to solve a problem that doesn't exist. Capitalism at work
Pointless.
A rip off phone.. on a rip off fraudulent Verizon network. Nice............
I just bought a similar sized waterproof phone for $10. $350 seems a bit steep. ??
I absolutely loved Palm, but with WebOs, not android.... Bring back WebOs ??
So I can get a phone for my phone. nice!
Why tho? I already have a phone.
What is this for?
Steady, old lad, a smakl phond to replace your big phone? You need to take time off work, have a rest, relax. These machines are getting to you
Can this run fortnite mobile? I mean it has enough ram and storage and runs android 8.0 soo.....
$350 ? No thanks I'd pick the iPhone SE anyday.
Still better looking phone than Pixel 3 XL.
I remember when smartphones were that tiny. Good times..??
Facepalm ??????
or just get a cheap Huawei phone???
350$ ? What a rip off !!??
So it’s a Apple Watch competitor?
So, an android iPod?
It's useless specially when apple watch exists !! Like Robin is to batman , apple watch is to iPhone !! .. They should have just made a stand alone smaller phone instead for those who wanna be less tech savvy !!
Stop encouraging this bullshit. Soon, everyone is going to have one of these that they want to sell you. Instead, let’s get phone manufacturers back building reasonably sized devices.
No notch?
Please, please, please, sell this to me with Android one and Project Fi compatibility... Please.
ah look another redundant device flooded in the tech market that will die as soon as it hits launch day.
Lol the app Launcher looks like Apple Watch's. That's interesting tho to try, can someone extract the Launcher as an APK and let us try it on any phone?
headphone jack?
Android iPod nano
Just bring your normal phone! Where are you going!? The favela of Brazil!?
It's fast
350 for a snapdragon 435?!? I got a 180 dollar phone with a snapdragon 626
Pure stupid…
Just buy an iPhone SE.
If this was unlocked it'd be an instant purchase. Instead its covered in Verizon cancer and restrictions. What a sham.
finally somebody else.., I was on Palm heavy back in the day and they made the operating system like forever ago that everybody is just adopting now Palm OS is the freaking man.....
i like the mobile. can we use it as primary phone.
Phones have gotten so big that we need a tiny companion phone now, lol. As a standalone phone, I could see a market for this. But as an "add on" phone for $10 a month extra to my phone bill, I can't see myself ever getting this. When I'm out with this, many times I'm going to wish I had my larger phone to take nicer photos or type an email comfortably. I could only imagine carrying this around for exercising.
Can someone give a decent specs 4 inch andriod phone at reasonable price
is it able to run nova launcher??
Just use your phone normal phone. If your main phone is too big for you get a smaller phone and buy a tablet later
God how I miss small phones.
What's sad is that it is more powerful than my phone.... I'm not even joking :(
A giant Apple Watch??
That is so cute I want it now
Garbage
I can see this being useful as a back-up phone or if you want to go camping and have a phone you won't worry about losing or being distracted by. I'd get it.
I use my number share for my frontier lol
I want a fully-specced flagship that size.
Why would you need a phone for your phone if you have a phone. If you don’t like big phones you don’t have to buy one in the first place. This is pointless and cute.
They should name it "face palm"
Though title..
I would’ve bought this in a heartbeat if it was an actual phone
Y tho
Amazing phone
The Android skin is so well made
Seems to small. I don't think this is what people wanted when they said they want a small phone...
This is totally bs
You know
wouldn't it be better just to buy a $20 prepaid phone and use as a mini tablet with better features?
Nooo Nooooo! We are not going there
his name is so random
Nice, nice till you look at the price.
Like it because it’s small
10 dollars a month!? AliExpress is filled with phones like this. Just get a subscription with a second simcard and buy a used phone.
I brought a Pre due to precentral all those years ago. Still have a mint condition Pre plus which still works albeit with very little function now, so it stays in it's box for nostalgia value.
Or... bare with me... you could just use your phone
is it coming to India?
3GB Ram, wow i could play Fortnite on that
These would be great if they came in a pair. Multiple, low-frills (shared) phones to leave around is an idea I can get behind. $350 for a single unit is absolutely nuts.
You know, I know, everyone knows.
Wow a phone that can play fortnite on HD
Doa
Yo dog, I heard you like Smartphones, so I got you a smartphone to pair with your smartphone so you can smartphone without your smartphone.
The verge and electronics. Name a better combination. Kappa.
I don't get it. It's cute and I like the design of it, but the concept of a mini phone to supplement your main phone makes no sense to me. Who is this for?
Should l use my Sony Ericsson x10 mini again... as it’s more like a palm phone than the palm phone??
Seems like a waste of resources. $350?? Whats the purpose of this phone?? Now you need to carry 2 phones.
Wish it had a larger display ratio for the front and was thicker to have a much bigger battery. I know the snapdragon 435 and with 3gb/32 that's plenty of power for that thing.
I think the tide is turning again back to small phones. excited.
I want one! So tired of phones getting bigger and bigger and harder to hold.
Nice phone if it is like 100$ I would have bought that man
Can You change background on it???
It's a smartwatch for your hand..... Honestly, I really wish someone would make a tiny, durable standalone device about this size.
Having to use VZ Messages is a dealbreaker. I'm actually happy in the Messages/Chat RMS future. Don't take me back to OEM bloatware.
What a pointless idea. Shouldn't cost that much either
I dont get it. I guess its just a cheap android phone?
If this could have It's own phone number it would be a great first phone
a weekend phone...just buy an iphone se and your golden m8.
Oh...no...
When your phone is a chocolate
should've just launched another Pre TBH to capture some nostalgia. This is nonsense.
And the award for the worlds most stupid idea goes to................ PALM
It's only the name. I loved Palm and Web OS. Web OS was centuries ahead of any operation system right now like synch, messaging and multitasking. Palm died long ago and sometimes you have to left the dead behind, sadly.
I don't know why i realy love this phone.. Small and handy..
This is a good alternative to iPhone SE in terms of size, but they need to make improvements and well I am not on Verizon so they need to sell this thing unlocked.
We all feel your pain Dieter ???
Should be $150
$30 will be a slamdunk
now run pubg!
*My other phone's a Pixel 2
So its just a tiny phone with a watch interface
Wear os on a phone
It's kinda ridiculous IMO ????
I would buy this as an iPod replacement ???? oh wow
Smaller than the pixel 3 xl notch
If it was 30M water resistant Dust resistant fire resistant shock resistant It would be nice for your expensive phone( i dont know its price)
What a stupid product. I can believe this is what palm came up with and when it flops they’re gonna wonder what happened and why they’re not relevant. It’s such a shame too, because this thing is actually really cute and the os is really aesthetically pleasing like we’re used to from palm. It’s a waste of talent.
I remember the Palm pre
So let me get this straight. It's a phone for your phone, so you don't have to use your phone and if you want you can turn of your phones-phone phone mode off so your don't have you use your phones-phone? very confusing.
This little thing has far better specs than my smart phone.??????
Phones have been becoming bigger and bigger for the last 10 years. Now they're going backwards.
THIS is why palm died in the first place, LOL What genius with amnesia came up with this
What is this? A phone for aunts?
Im still not sure what the point of this is, who is this for?
This is the most pointless product lol
Wish you could buy it for around £30 outright just as a new iPod like phone
That's a phone, with purpose of communication and no addiction.
I just miss good small phones.. I simply hate huge screens..
This is the dumbest invention ever
Banter
Looks nice. M Missing the PalmOS though.
This should be a launcher.
Now this phone going to go bigger day by day then we need a third phone in 1922....
I would've loved to get this if only it was a true standalone device.
Ram and storage is even bigger than my phone. :'))
A phone for your phone?
Weekend phone? What sort of bourgeoisie need is this? 800mah battery? No. Not worth 25 a month.
Like this!!!
$350? Heh, it's a nice idea for april's fool's day. Otherwise, it's a bad joke. You can literally see the lag, and the lack of responsiveness.
$350? Verizon exclusive? ??
worst product of 2018
A stupid idea . As the kids nowadays say : Epic Fail .
Someone was high to come up with this idea. A phone for a phone that is stupid
??
Can You Give It As Giveaway For Me??
Imagine if Palm did this with iOS? $$$$
Omg that is exactly what i imagine to have for a long time, since manufacturera started to make freaking huge screen smartphones So sad that it's only for Verzion, I'm wishing this from overseas
Is there a SIM card holder?
Wow I like that app drawer ??
At 2999 Rupees This would sell a ton in India, especially with a jio integration
Love it
It must be available with Sim card feature supporting other carriers too.
this reminds me of when palm was trying to make that DOA foleo.
A monumental waste of money
Still better than SAMSUNG J6+ spec wise
A tiny iPhone X
Wish it was all screen in this size. I would buy it without thinking if it was about $150.
This is so weird lol
the specs on this are better then my moto g4...
Cool idea but the screen is way to small
This is a solution looking for a problem
Can I have that launcher
Is it running PUBG???????
So it's a phone?
Dieter is soo happy
price????
I sell phone for living and I think the phone is not a bad idea but the price is too high. I rather get the iPhone 5se. That's the reason why most of the cellphones company are losing the customers because the stupid price . Really you want to come back to business with this stupid price . I will see some people buying the phone but it will be a lost for the company
I think there could be a market for this phone. But at $350, it kills any chance of selling. If it was maybe $100-$150, it could work. Perfect phone for those that need to carry two phones for work/business. Or as a throw-away for when you don't want to bring your main $800+ phone to concerts, parties, hiking, etc. I'm glad they're treating it as a Connected Devices versus a full-fledged phone. Then it would have even less of a chance of being worth anything.
Loved it. I need it
I would use that launcher.
How much Price
What on earth is the point of this? Just buy a smaller cheap Android phone and swap the SIM back and forth tbh
I prefer the Light Phone 2
$350? I think that's a bit much, maybe $150 or even $200. It's cute and stuff but I don't think it's worth that much
What about a smart watch
Is it available in india
I would love this with full screen
So, could it be used (with a few exceptions) like an Apple Watch?
Video is best
I don't understand the phone for your phone thing but if this starts a craze of companies making standalone mini phones, I'll be all over that.
Cute Phone, thank you Dieter! =D
Where I can get the launcher?
Is it bad that, this phone is better than my normal sized phone?
Bezel less iPhone 4
so stupid, get a qwert slide out keyboard android phone instead
That single button will be a nightmare to use.. I have an Elephone S8 (worst phone I've ever owned) and say your on a web page, and want to get to the home screen, i have to bring down the notification shade and then double tap it to go home. Otherwise when you exit, it will also make you go back through the web page. Super annoying
Finally a small phone in 2018 with good specs
If this runs any Android app, you can use pulse sms and access your sms on a web browser across platforms
Looks interesting.. but very niche . I would rather have one 5inch phone and be done with it.
Yo dawg We heard you like phones...
suddenly minimal phones are becoming popular and few companies are asking for ridiculous price for these devices . china needs to step in to tap this market segment to lower the price
It already seems laggy, I would rather buy Nokia 3310
What a good replacement for iPhone SE, guys if apple camcled iPhone SE 2 u can try this instead.
You know..
This seems pretty pointless to me.
I see Fleksy there
trash
I wonder why BlackBerry is the only phone manufacturer with the physical keyboard. I am really bored when I have to do a lot of stuff on my phone ??
$350 kidding me
Have a sim slot in it and you have a perfect phone.
Wow so the biggest feature of this phone (life mode), basically turns it into... Not a phone... 350 dollars... Fantastic.
It looks like a mini iClone X! What was Palm thinking, especially at $350! ???????????
The world damn sure is changing lol very interesting tho
Palm Phone: Money tu burn!
Hold up so this thing costs more than a galaxy s7 nowadays, and is less capable than a galaxy s2? what a ripoff
A cute but useless device. Maybe if you're gonna give your 3 year old a phone? Why does it even have a camera on the back? Why would you want to use the camera on that little thing? ???? It reminds me of the last iPod nano. The way apps look on it and the UI looks similar to me.
I’d use this as my actual phone
Missed the ball on this completely. Sell it as a stand alone, I would want something like that. But as an ad on phone?? That's just stupid (and a rip off).
It's actually nice!
Wow! What an amazing usp it saves 30 seconds a week which you would spend on putting your sim card in and out the cheap, old beater phone you bought for pennies on the dollar
This seems like a great phone to bring out on town when you want to be social, but still need those basic phones features. Also.. its tiny, will easily fit inside your pocket without ruining your look (for those that care about that).
I'd rather buy a Series 4 with LTE
Apple watch you can hold up
Can someone please make this software into a launcher for regular Android devices?? I would totally use it. Love some of the features on this device
Id love a small phone like that with powerful specs, not an alternative or second phone :/
It looks really nice does it have a headphone jack?
Wow this one is even more of a come back than Nokia or Blackberry, now thats what I call creativity at it's best! Good job PALM!! Y'all have done a good job!
So basically a terrible iPhone 3gs with Android
If it were a separate phone I'd buy one for my dad. He doesn't like big phones. But as an add on, tough sell.
I like this. I would get one and just keep in my car just Incase I need it.
It looks like an iPod for Android.
I will look forward to the pixel mini phone
I would LOVVVEE a phone that size.
Give this phone a nice plastic construction, a sim card tray and remove the front camera and sell it for $50-$100 and you have a nice secondary phone which you could take along with you on hikes, camps and such where you wouldn't want to risk your precious premium phone.
not usefull in any manner.
It doesn't really make much sense. I can't think of ways a supplementary phone might be more useful than a phone and a watch. A better supplementary watch might have been much better since we don't really need all the functionality of a full phone most of the time and it'd save us bringing, or at least taking out the phone as often. + leaving the phone at home for workouts would be a lot better.
just bring back palm pre 3 or plus then put an android.
Next up: unbox therapy “I’m switching to the palm phone”
That phone is faster than my phone
Why doesn't it have web os?
My watch can do that why would i need that
Wish it was a real phone...??
Honestly it's a nice gadget, I would have made a hand band to stick it to the wrist and make it a kind of hybrid smartwatch-smartphone though.
literally no one will buy this
Lol...no matter how hard he tried this device doesn't make sense. I've never heard anyone say they want a "weekend phone". Then he says it's meant not to be used that much...so then why buy it? Name one person you know who wants to add $10 to their smartphone bill. It's a smartwatch that you carry and that's just a bad idea.
Cutest phone of 2018.
Such a cute little device. ??
1993: there'll be flying car in 2018 2018: android phone for phone
The front is a8 2018 and back is iPhone x
But can you store in the Pixel 3 XL notch?
NO
If it had its own number this would be a good pre-teen phone.
I want this phone ??
Ideal phone for daily commute or for those who have small hands basically. I dig it
Neat idea, terrible pricing
Reminds me of the light phone 2
This is now stupidity at it's best. So you buy a smaller phone to not walk around w/ your larger phone? Folks need to reassess their lives.
Would be interested if it was stand alone.
it looks decent and professional at same time.... but price is just a rip off
This is a pretty good phone being sold for stupid reasons. A phone for a phone? Just silly
wow this is amazing... simple and professional... i would use it for work only... but it is interesting.????
Give this thing a headphone jack, sell it individually and it'll replace my iPhone 5S.
Seems useless
Good for the 3rd world market. Not worth the investment.
But.. why?
Why would anyone want this?
Nice...& cool...
Dieter bohn
So it's a text message phone that doesn't do text messages right.
Unbelievably useless
so its a galaxy watch in a candybar form factor with no wrist strap.
Whyyyyy??????
Lol what a worthless phone ??
Just another kind of toy...
",ya know"
This is why I bought (and use) a iPhone SE. I wanted a small but powerful phone. Please Apple...release an updated 5 inch iPhone!
jees buy a nokia 3310
More expensive than something like... The Pocofone.
Isn't it just watch sold as a small phone?
here's a question,why didn't Dieter ask a question today??
Web OS ?
1:21 heheheh, you can do boy stuff :)
Omg the spec is powerful than my phone ??
I really like that menu style, kinda suits it, wonder if it would work on a big phone, wish google would roll out some beta version of android with that option
Should be priced at no more than $100-125
So basically it’s an Apple Watch series 3
Does it has whatsapp
He is wearing a nice shirt BTW
So in 10 months, it would cost as much as a standard Apple device. Hmmm.
Please, don't begin to put emojis into your thumbnails!
This may make no sense for some people
Maybe i need this than the smartwatch,but the price make me to think again do i need this.. and will this phone work in my country??
Am I the only interested in this being my main phone? LOL. Maybe not THIS necessarily but I am very interested in trying a tiny phone again. Just much less distracting. If I really wanna get deep into media at home I have my tablet.
Not interested in the phone's phone at all but the UI looks really good. Hope someone comes up with a Launcher that resembles this!
I like the idea on home button, tap one for back twice for home and hold it for task manager. Anyone could tell me pls what else beside this phone that has that feature ? Or maybe a custom rom.
If this was it's own phone and had a headphone jack this would be my dream phone
Dieter! You used the Centro. That's amazing. That was my first smartphone. I didn't even have a data plan with it. I loved that phone to death. It was bulletproof as well. Ironic I say that because it got shot and no longer works lol
Yo dawg, we heard you like phones. So we made a phone for your phone.
This device is quite possibly the dumbest thing I’ve ever seen.
Caveat is one of the most overused words in tech YouTube...smh
$350?? You might as well buy another phone for that price...
350, WTF I'd rather buy PocoF1
Maybe it's only a reminder that WebOs is the father of the mainstream UI nowadays...And PALM proved that they can crate better UI on a small screen...that's it. Not a buy definitely.
Why?
how to buy in india?
Shut Up And Take My Money!!!!
This is nice, but is it actually smaller than the iPhone 4?
A phone for when you don't want a phone. It's a phone for your phone. It's a phone to show you why you love your other phone. Ladies and gentlemen, it's a phone!
If this was $100 I would consider it. But over $300!? What a joke.
Where do I buy from?
This is totally unnecessary.
If it wasn't a Verizon exclusive I'd consider it as like an iPod Touch kind of scenario.
Awesome video ????????????
okay, but after this I want even smaller phone for my phone for my phone
Hey Palm, 2008 called... I bet they want it back, but you were on Life Mode.
$350? They've lost their minds. $99-$149 would be the accurate price.
Really pointless phone.
I can't imagine that anyone needs (or wants) this.
It's a sad day when in a age of phones getting so big, and they do so much, we now have to buy a cellphone for our $1,000$+ phones... Sigh
Yo dawg, i heard you liked palm phones....
$350?!?!?!?! plus $10 monthly?!??!?!?!Give me iPhone SE please.
Why?
I'd put my money on the Light phone 2 instead.
atleast it looks better than pixel 3 xl
Anyone rich enough here to buy me a budget gpu?
Hey Verge! Which cameras do you guys use to film these reviews? Thank you
For $350 you can get a Nokia 7.1 with much better specs. I guess this is going after a niche but it's priced way too high
3.3 inch so this is almost the same size as the iphone 2g screen XD
Did he just say that it costs $350 lololol
I like the interface
Stop trying to bring back discontinued tech, Diets...
I don't understand how someone besides fans of the brand itself would spend 350$ to get a phone with specs like this. It'll be way more worth it getting a Xiaomi phone or any other budget phone which would have much better specs.
But how do we know you are not a giant?
this phone is not for sale outright
It should be without any bezels and minimum screen size of 4.5-5 inches, internals irrelevant, it needs to be at least as big as iPhone 4, not smaller...
Idiotic phone.
It's cute but so expensive and useless.
why would I buy another phone to leave my phone behind? And if I leave behind my phone, why would I buy that phone in the first place? Doesn't make sense.
Bring cheap Android smartwatch, thats way better
I wish they made it just a little bit bigger so i could use it as a full time phone, like a successor to the iPhone SE.
Really 350
sounds like something we should all switch to in order to start being off our phones more.
This is basically a smart watch
what a stupid concoction. You could just get a tiny phone or a smartwatch
Dieter is the only one that will even ponder this purchase
I want this now
10 bucks a month? For what?? My contract includes up to nine SIM cards at no extra cost with one number, so I'd rather just buy another phone, let's say a cheap Nokia 3 and put another SIM in there. Hangouts can run on multiple devices with the same account.
Dieter getting into his own element. I'm overjoyed rn.
Can it run pubg??
So it's a phone I can carry more easily than the phone I carry every day and have no problem carrying?
Well that phone is going to compete with other wearables. It’s going to be hard to win over portentoso customers because wearables make more sense then a phone for a phone you already have.
This is weird. It has too much stuff to be a “disconnected life” phone, so it ends up being a too combobulated , slow ACTUAL phone rather than something like the Light Phone 2.
That looks like a pretty good basic phone! Can you use it without a different phone? My grandparents would probably like it.
Looks like it run like an Android phone from 2009 haha
So what's the difference between that life mode and airplane mode?
Very very cute I liked it Hope it would be available
What a world
BIG > MEDIUM > SMALL > BIG > MEDIUM > SMALL > BIG > MEDIUM > SMALL > BIG > MEDIUM > SMALL > BIG > MEDIUM > SMALL > BIG > MEDIUM > SMALL > BIG > MEDIUM > SMALL > BIG > MEDIUM > SMALL > BIG > MEDIUM > SMALL > BIG > MEDIUM > SMALL > BIG > MEDIUM > SMALL > BIG > MEDIUM > SMALL > *the trend phone's size revolution
"We'll have a cure for cancer in the future" 2018 ....
This will fail horribly. Dead on arrival.
Palm should remain dead
Headphone jack???
This could've easily run on Android Go instead of standard Android. It would've cost much cheaper
3.3 inches? My first Android phone was 3.2 inches. I don't think it was this small! Lol
No use. phone for phone, what's next car for car........??????
Really, is this product absolutely necessary? Personally don't see a point to this concept, the whole idea of a mobile phone is that you could take it with you and the product began getting smaller and thinner and then we got the smartphone and they averaged 3.5-4". Then technology began advancing with phones becoming smarter and not just being used to phone others but instead to browse the web, play games, watch Netflix, go on social media, use maps etc. The whole idea of having a bigger screen compensating the need for something bigger and I don't think there are any real flaws with a slightly bigger display. Currently many flagship phones and budget phones offer a larger display phone and a smaller display phone and if you don''t want to lug around a massive display everyone then it only makes sense to buy a smaller display phone. Having another device really complicates things and I mean most phones now-a-days will fit in your pocket or in a small bag.
Uhhhh no.
Palm pre ftw
Inception. Phone for your phone.
It can be fitted in Pixel 3XL notch
At least it doesn’t have a notch
This made me miss my moto defy ????
This is the dumbest thing ever. Why would anyone in their right mind would pay 350 for this?
good for the senior citizens, they do complain about size.
I like the launcher can I get it on my pixel 2 xl?
Son of iPhone X & Google Pixel
but will it play fortnite?!!
If this were a 100 dollars it would be a good
I really like this and I wanna buy it.
Ok, but why don't i wanna bring my regular phone places? What makes this in any way a better option than a smartwatch? Who is this for? What purpose does it serve? So many questions about how this even got made...
I've always liked plams.
Small phones are severely underrated. You will never know how awesome it is unless you try it yourself. It minimizes your screen time / chat time while getting the job done. People unfortunately compare their price to other cheaper flagships and forget the main features of these phones; to make you more comfortable and more productive. I would easily pay 500$ for this rather than a one plus 6 for that reason.
What a cute and worthless little thing.
Why ?
This is what I want from the iwatch. The confidence to leave my phone for days.
That would make a great TV remote... but the price?
This could actually be successful. There are lots of people that want a small smartphones to just google something on the go or call someone. The market is full of gigantic phones; small phones have become a really rare thing
This is just plain stupid, trying to do something which a smart watch is supposed to do.
If google would just put out a primary pixel phone this size with a good camera, I'd be ALL OVER IT, PLEASE. Why does my phone need to be so big??
so no headphone jack.. sigh!..
Erm I fail to see the utility myself but you do you
omg if this is available overseas, unlocked, for that size, I will definitely buy it!
Play pubg
Before 50k
Why would anyone want this
it's depressing to see these has-beens trying hard to come back into the ring
UI looks good??
Practically useless
History Repeats Itself . . Hence, Proved!
Completely useless.
I can't believe that we have 3GB of RAM in a tiny phone.
Why would anyone spend almost a thousand on a. Phone to not use it, and use a crappy version instead
STILL LOOKS BETTER THAN THE PIXEL
I think that if it was waterproof and maybe a little durable (some sort of shock absorbent back/sides) i think this would make a very good 'outdoors' phone, which you could take with you when you go out hiking or something.
Straight up copied apple’s music logo
This phone make more sense than pixel 3xl notch and iphone xs mas price
It's so cute. The hardware and especially the software seem to be very polished as well. I want that launcher.
We will eventually make Phone for phone for phone for phone for phone
This could be really, really great. I'd love a phone where I could do everything necessary - calls, texts, pay bills. Too bad there are so many restrictions on it; price included.
If the screen were 4.0" I would seriously consider getting one of these as my main phone.
The perfect weekend phone is iPhone se, its just sad that apple no longer sells it.
I'd buy for $150
Would probably still get addicted to it regardless????
iPhone SE is $199
If i knew this day would come, i would have bought a tablet and one of those phones which used to be regular sized. Next thing you know, you could be using another phone for your phone which you bought for your original phone. lol
If a famous company,just one or a couple of companies created this sort of small and compact phone,make it much bezel-less,largen the battera and the megapixel of the front camera and make it cheap,then I WOULD buy it. NO JOKE........
This thing is painfully slow.
Is this the new Apple Watch Max I keep hearing about?
Can you put your real SIM in there?
Oooor just get a full Android smartwatch? You know, the ones with normal Android, which can download any app, include a sim tray and sometimes a microsd tray, and are overall a much better product than this is!
Or, you know, just get a better phone like the iPhone SE. Palm is definitely dead after seeing this.
I wonder who came up with this useless idea? A pocophone is the same price I’d rather get a pocofone beside my iPhone. I don’t need two phones but if I did why would I pay that much for such an underpowered device if I wanted a phone to just make calls I would get one of these super old phones that don’t even run apps. I see no point in browsing or watching YouTube on this super small screen, maybe music makes some sense. I don’t usually have a need to point out the flaws of stuff I’m not interested in but this thing is just one big, or rather small??, mistake.
A phone for your phone. What's next? A laptop for your laptop?
This is the saddest thing in tech I have seen in a very long time.
I'm more interested with the launcher. I think it's cool
Waste of money
Goodluck finding it when you turn that palm mode on?????????? Bcoz that thing is going to disappear within seconds??????
I'm a bit disappointed about the review, that seems a better phone than shown, it deserve more credit in my opinion
Ok not exactly a powerhouse but ironically packs more ram than my iphone ....
But.. but.. does it has? a headphone jack?
Hashtag joke! ??????
Tailored to make developers crazy again about the minimum size of phone screens. ?? Android in general deal with size layout so well, automatically, but to an optimal experience the dev need to do some fine tunning. For a long time we don't need be worried about very small screens, but with this damn thing, the good time is probably over...
can i use it as main phone
where is this world heading...
A phone for a phone...why?
This is actually quite nice looking device! ??
Who wants tiny phone nowadays? Gone were the days of nokia 8210.
It is an android phone, cannot use android messages, but can sync iMessage! ??
3 GB ram? Wtf man??
I like it's UI.. And that long press with the option of that particular app.. like apple 3d touch is cool.. I would buy it if it can a carry a sim card
Hands on?! More like palms on I’ll leave
Android Auto works?
Maybe its just me but maybe get rid of the camera and put more battery in? SInce its a compliment to your actual phone just go all the way and make it just for calling and music.
Whyyyyyy, it doesnt make any sense. Either use it as a main or dont buy it. If u want to buy a cheap phone for when youre out and about, get a pocophone, its cheaper and it has a way bigger battery.
Sd435? No nfc, No face/touch id, no ip67 rating, no headphone jck. No buy!!
Pointless. We have smartwatches as backup
Buy iPhone se
I love small phones........enjoyed typing one handed back in the old days.........but this is overpriced and too small.......it should have been 4 inches and priced $200.
Where can i get one?
Companies making fool of people by making big phones, notch, no headphone jack, etc. etc....why not make a 4.5 inch to 5 inch screen phone...and it will be a allrounder.. No need of all extra stuff like this Palm Phone..
I have a super small cheap android phone from company called lava. I just put my sim in that phone when I want to switch to smaller phone.
Still better than my phone
Convient how I am watching on the biggest iOS device u can get!!??????????
I can see this being good for when you go to work and need less distractions from your primary phone or when you go on vacation.. I don't think it's a niche device over all.. Time will. Tell..
They should make a phone like this but bezel less like samsung or lg or other phone manufacture with taller display, and without notch.
This isn't a phone. It's an inconvenient smart watch. Why can't anyone just make a fully featured small Android phone?
Thats a cute phone!
You know!
Not for me
350$? I thought it would be max 150$
...if it had a headphone jack and you could get a case with a belt clip it would be the perfect running/workout phone...it would have replaced my aging ipod nano...
I. Need. Something. Like. This.
Why do people use weekend phones!?
It looks just like a mini iPhone 6s
No thanks.. Should have release this back in 2007 then I'll buy it
Leave my phone behind. Dear God no
its just new new new but nothing in this phone invited me towards it neither the size. Even for the small phone peoples this thing is not practical better call it a spy phone
It’s so cute and awesome ?? I want one! ??
maybe for children connected to the parents phone .
But why?
Hmmm...get this or get the Pocofone F1 for $25 more? Pocofone has snapdragon 845, 8GB ram, and 4000mah battery, and is currently listed on Amazon for $374.49. I know they both have different use cases but that price is not competitive at all.
Soon we'll see the Palm Plus, with a 5 inch screen and... wait a minute...
A phone for phone? P H O N E C E P T I O N
Does every company have to copy iPhone's designs?
Mobile phones were made so that we wouldn't have to carry bulky landlines with us. They evolved so that we wouldn't have to carry a camera, a music player and a plethora of other things with us. And now we're pondering the use of a small device so that we wouldn't have to carry our mobile phone with us?! I am sorry but Palm can stay dead!
So it's basically the most useless thing ever??? I mean think about it, it's a smaller more convenient phone to carry as supposed to an LTE enabled smartwatch, so it is supposed to serve the same purpose. But it's still a phone in your pocket, it's still flopping around in your pocket when you're running, so something strapped to your wrist would be a million times better as a short term phone replacement
Well at least there's no notch ..
Wow keren cuyyyy
I read palm I clicked ??
the question is ...Why?
can it be used as a primary device?
Just get an LTE smartwatch you'll probably lose that thing.
I could see something LIKE this as a great vacation phone rather than weekend phone. However, my criteria would be to have banging cameras, decent storage, and water proofing. This way no matter what I am doing, no one suspects my tiny phone but I can get amazing photos and not carry around a bulky big phone that may attract attention
More worth than te pixel 3
So, you pay over a thousand bucks for a phone and then you go on and shell out for a little 'housemaid' to help your $1000 stay and look pretty at home, while this little helper does the heavy lifting that the more expensive phone was meant to do from the start! This is just going to end up as another "status" symbol.
you know?
That looks cute ??
What for?
that phone is better than mine except the resolution
Would be cool if it implemented a more bezzeless design.
This was incredibly underwhelming
Another failing product, well done ??
We really need a small phone like that
350$ bucks ? It's dead cheap XD .. NICE ONE
this thing has no purpose... unless you use it as a primary phone. if it was cheaper, i think it would make a great phone for going to concerts bars, or anywhere pickpocketing is more of a reality and you wont be ruined if it was swiped. Get yourself a nokia 2 or a ZTE for like... Under $100
So, you have carry around a small phone instead of a big phone and you can do with it something between a smartphone and smartwatch. Why not buying a smartwatch instead? Much more convenient.
I think this would be great for kids in middle school.
I need that launcher tho ??
I'm using your last name for the rest of the year.
Has basically the same specs as my E5 Plus, but it costs more? Something like this should be cheap.
this... was a waste of everyones time.
Can it run PUBG
My phone wantsa friend! I found one! 350$ nope!
Two things are infinite, universe and human stupidity and I am not sure about former
If they can make this in to a watch, that would be awesome
2018 - where our phones are too big that we need a more 'portable' phone
Just buy iphone 4.Problem solved.
I love the design and the Launcher
But WHY ?
NO THANKS
You can get the Pocophone for this price...
So palm mode is really airplane mode... for the price your better off getting actual...real full featured low end/mid range phone for less then what this costs if you need a basic no frills weekend phone... this device is gonna last as long as those Microsoft Kin phones back in the day..which surprisingly were also offered by Verizon..for two months before it was killed off!
Better than Pixel 3's Notch
its better than my phone T_T
Great and awesome video.....??
From the front, it looks like a miniature moto E.
Shut up and take my money!
INCEPTION??
i dont know
does it run pubg
350 for a phone meant to be ignored?
More like $25 a month cuz you said it’s $10 for the plan and $15 for the phone
Back to 2009 3.3inch screen is huge.
first, multiple cameras on the phones and now multiple phones to carry around? what's next?
WTF ??...... Watch for your phone Phone for your phone What next??
I hope it will be cheaper in the future. I really like this.
$350? Funny joke Verizon...
I like it
So our phones are getting so big that companies think we want to spend a bunch of extra money on a phone baby for our phones.... Wtf is going on with phone manufacturers
When palm phone specs are better than your phone.
Why don't you just buy a compact phone from Sony
Be useful if you're out running and don't wanna have to cart your big 6.5" phone around with you
Damn its better than my galaxy tab a
I'm waiting for an android phone that is around the same size as the older iphones (4/5/se) with an oled display and current flagship specs. I haven't been impressed by the sony compacts yet, and i hope the rumored galaxy s10 lineup can offer something along those lines. I reckon the android market is ripe for a small flagship.
But can you play pubg on it
the first iPhone had a 3.5 inch screen, so it's not much off
I really want to buy that phone really bad!
Demn the mini phone has actually more power than my phone.....
Not interested in this phone but think carriers should drop the additional monthly charge for wearables.
I love how the launcher look! It's clean and refreshing (although it looks like Apple Watch OS) but I think Stock Android should be something like this in the future. Just my two cents.
Blown out apple watch ? ??
More expensive than a Pocophone F1. Hilarious.
Congratulations Palm! You've invented a reprocess!!!. For $300 you get to recharge another redundant contraption.
I actually want that phone – as a standalone. I hate how big phones have gotten and if you want to spend less than for an (old) iPhone but still want some quality, chances are your phone's screen is over 5". But actually I just need that palm phone, but without anything else.
It looks like an Obama phone
Why? Who asked for this?
Looks a little like the apple watch OS
Why would anyone use this over their normal phone?
I can't believe this device makes sense at any price.
Soooo disappointed! they really missed the point. No one needs another smart phone to use with your smartphone, we already have other wearables for that like smartwatches. A lot of people would have paid for a decent android iphone SE alternative. Huge missed opportunity, so sad.
This will be dead and forgotten about in no time... Won't even get off the ground... Absolute nonsense lol
i'd rather get an iPod touch.
absolutely ridiculous price
Ouuu I want that seriously
Nice! It's more like a upgraded pager for your main phone. I like it!
WTF is this? early 2000s?
do you have Amazon link ?????
The launcher is dope
Comeback? Or failed?
2:22 CNET is the first thing they search on YouTube before their own channel!!!!
Bruh u can buy a SD 845 at $300 as well as Kirin 970??
Or.. maybe get a dual SIM phone instead?
Not worth the money cuz u can get best phones at $200-$300.. like pocophone,Honor play
Just make normal sized phones, I want a phone not a tablet.
What a waste of money, trash!
This is the extra battery for the Samsung Extinct all over again
Better to buy Iphone SE
If Steve jobs market this it would've been the next big thing
i love it i want it
What's the point of getting a big phone when you buy another phone so you don't have to use your big phone?
So no gestures? Wasn't that the reason to get a palm?
So much for Apple insight and imagination...
Can we now have a proper phone with a small screen?
what are your thoughts on the Lite Phone?
Smartwatch phone ?
Does this phone require another phone??? ????????
I want that launcher
I want this beauty ??
I wouldn't mind having that smaller phone for convenience (alongside my larger phone). Sometimes I'm just stepping out for a while, or going to pick up the kids from school, and the most I do is text, (downloaded) music, and (downloaded) YouTube videos. Size wise I would just use Google assistant for everything...composing text, calendar, etc. I loved my Palm Pre and wish it had a Web OS skin, but oh well...you can't get everything. I hope it has a smart locator feature built in because my wife would lose that day one. LOL!
galaxy pocket neo....
Instead of making a secondary device, why don't companies focus on making a compact phone(no compromises) like the Xperia compact series or the iPhone SE.
Why not buy a pocophone instead?
Why? What's the deal?
Web OS so ahead of its time
I don't get the point of this phone.
Where can I buy this device?
This seems like a great option as a first phone for someone's kid, like the 8-14 range maybe, when kids might not be so hot on "kid friendly" designed phones, but you don't want to give them some expensive thing.
I would rather buy Nokia 3310(2018)
That’s y they got the smart watch
The new iphone 4s! Lol
Pocofone has a great competition in the same price range :3
It’s basically like this: the GPS Apple Watch goes along with the iPhone, so the Palm Phone goes along with any Android
They need to make a sliding side keyboard. A on screen keyboard is too small.
Gimme that launcher on my phone tho
Says it's a palm phone but the guy still uses 2 hands.....Lmao and also who's this phone for MY BABY! The owner now has to worry about 2 phones (charging and handling), btw 800milamp wow, that's too much. Now that i think about it , maybe this phone was for trollin or for memes.
lol ?? a phone for my phone ?? OMG ?????? I thought that’s what smart watches are for.
why i need 2 phones? why i need to leave my main phone at home? ??
Smartphone maker should mimic that amazing 1 button navigation
Anyone else read it as PLAM?
This is the future of the phone... Once the phones become too big people will again prefer the smaller ones...
Why is this phome faster than my 5T...
This 'phone' basically indicates that there's a problem with phone's today
Of course Verizon has to ruin everything
Personally I would rather buy an S7/S8 for the same price used - and just use that?
Oh, I was just thinking about a small phone for second sim card that I have and this is kind of ideal... And also a good phone for runner
You kind of fumbled your way through that review. Trying to show one thing and end up showing another...
Can I get it in India??? Fan of small formfactor phones
First buy a smartphone, then a small smartphone as a substitute phone.??????
Google of course.
I'm better off with large screens mobo
this phone is smaller than pixel 3xl notch
What if I need a phone for this phone
I just want a 5 inches flagship
I don't buying this
After buying a new iPhone, I kind of yearn for this type of "simplicity".........
I would actually want one since I can take this little device out without getting worried it might get snatched. Hopefully other companies follow suit though I doubt it.
Pointless.
Imagine playing pubg on it
I really hope to see on market sub 5" display...again
But why does it exist ?!
or you could just get an iPhone SE? haha
Why don't all the big phone companies make a 5 inch phone like the iPhone 5s and make it bezzelless? I would buy one straight away. I don't know why everyone wants a big 20 inch phone in both of their hands. Does not make sense to me
Faster than iPhone 8...??
Can't wait to do boy stuff.
No notch! Horray!!!
P L A M
Of course i love holding on my big phone. Those who dont there always smaller phones and the android watches. This gadget wont sell
whats next....echo for my echo?
10$ for a "second sim" a month? Why do carriers think it's ok to charge extra for a e-sim? I really wanna know if someone would ever pay 10$ extra a month just to be able to use this maybe once or twice a month maybe?
Maybe it can act as my backup phone or a mp3 player ????
Seriously, why do you need a phone for a phone. This phone has no customers. I'd love to have a small phone which is more convenient than my big one
Waste of money, impractical unless you need a work phone. For the average consumer, you have a phone already. Just use it. This is gonna be a flop.It's a really stupid idea.
I’ve been waiting for this for seven years!!!
Garbage phone
I think I like the idea... as a stand-alone phone.
So smartphones too large in 2018 then we back again to 2007 when we just want a phone smaller?
What a time to be alive
Just get a smart watch or Apple Watch
iPhone user: get a se
I think this is gona be iphone in android aystem
This is insane.
It's so Cuteeeeeeee
palm phone + duct tape = boom, smartwatch
Who would want such a thing? You buy a flagship phone to use it everyday. If you antes this might as well use a feature phone.
I'd buy it if it was available as a standalone phone where I can put a 2nd SIM card.
id like a "pizza for your pizza" ??
i like this phone
I though his name was dinnerbone lol
Interesting little thingy. It was simpler to have smaller phones in the past, but I don't think it makes much sense to have two phones just so you can have a weekend phone. The best weekend phone is no phone :)
how cute
28 nm soc @ 800mha battery??
It doesn't have a headphone jack?
I want this screen on another tiny smartphone - Atom.
So basically an Apple Watch
Ugly as @!
Can we get in India?
Hi , how much does it cost? thanks
looks actually cute
$350? Yeah...a companion phone for that price...no thanks
That’s not a palm phone sorry.
So Palm has released the original iPhone 11 years later? Isn't this basically what a smartwatch does?
350?! Why not get iPhone SE
You can also pick one of their colourful wrist strap to turn it to a smart watch. Jk
Tungsten for Life ????
Is this a 2018 device?
OH OHHHH THE GOOD OLD ANDROID !!!!!!!, ARE YOU KIDDING ME !!!!!, ITS A SMART PHONE WHAT DOES THAT TELL YOUUUUUUUUUUUUU!!!
This is so cute. I love this thing lol. I wish I could instead just pop my SIM card into this thing instead of $10 extra
It is run pubg game
Nope
Would've been much better if the web OS made a comeback! ?? That launcher brings back honeycomb memories. Lol ?? I like their launcher. This is a fail. SMH
Does it have a headphone jack?
Love this guy. Does great precise reviews
Don't see much application of it ..I mean ..if want a small phone in your hand ?..get a small phone
1:21 BOY STUFF
How's that different from airplane mode?
Totally pointless. I don't think people will buy it.
Hey when is this official?
I am at a certain age and I have no idea who you are.
Lol my phone still snapdragon 425 ??
I want this. I didn't know I wanted this, but I want this.
WTF...a phone for a phone ??
Well, basically it's a big wearable, right?
So it's technically just a oversized smartwatch without the wrist strap? Um.... Yeah, I'll pass.
Try not to sound so excited, Dieter
At least it doesn’t have a notch
Isn’t a smart watch a better option for that functionality? For example smart watch will always come with you and you don’t need to put it in pocket, so the probability is better.
Lagcity!
Didn't HTC try to do something like this a few years ago? A smart watch with the dual number system would make more sense.
Well I love it Better than Pixel 3 xl or I phone Xs max??
This is the cousin of the flip phone
435 is good enough!
Not first
But who was Phone Phone?
2nd lol
So now we're back in 2007?
Lol