BUT CAN YOU DO THIS?
0of
useless shit.
200k folds before it starts to degrade isn't really too much. Phone would last like a month
Am I the only one who has a problem on how bulky it looks?
Useless gimmick.
How does case will work
Please no
Just another way to part a fool and his money
The ratio is weird
Why?
Still risky!
i have the perfect slogan for this phone for samsung "The new Infinity Flex. Cool Technology, That No one asked for."
it looks like it's useless, people have Tablets and have phones, so......why would i buy this big thing? so i can have a tablet and a Phone wich a lot of people already have.....
But when it’s folded, it’s too thick
The Chinese phone is irrelevant. Wanna know why Chinese phone don't make it to the west? Cause they're garbage and westerners know it
LMAO! The hell is that thing? Samsung fell off for real. This has to be the worst phone design I've ever seen. Why is it so thick, its like a brick.
I currently use the Huawei honor note 8 6.6 inch screen, which means I'd have to downsize or always have it unfolded.... I went back to my old Samsung galaxy note 4 for a few minutes and it just felt tiny ...... As much as I love this concept I'm just not feeling it yet....keep going Samsung and I'm looking forward to various sizes the future is looking good
eewwww its so chunky...
useless and bulky
0:40 that little bluescreen
To all people immediately hating: Do you even know the NAME of this conference?--"Samsung Developer Conference". It is primarily for the "investors" and "developers". They need investor confidence, developer support and at the same time media hype to boost interest and eventually demand and sales. It is still in its prototype stages.
when folded, it reminds me of Nokia x10
the new Nokia looks nice
It looks like crap look how dark the rooms are they’re shown off in. Those are gonna be some bad colours
Apple probably can make one beautiful Foldable phone, but that phone looks ewww...
why would you want a foldable one though its cool but whats the point
Nintendo DS
Why though?
Dont see why people are doubting this. A tablet size screen that can be folded into a smartphone to fit your pocket. Pretty useful in my opinion.
I mean, do we need it? No. Is it cool? Yes. What are some uses for it? It eliminates barrier of phones being too small and too big and instead blends them together. Now you have a full on display to see things better.
I mean, do we need it? No. Is it cool? Yes. What are some uses for it? It eliminates barrier of phones being too small and too big and instead blends them together. Now you have a full on display to see things better.
who give a shit if it's a foldable phone man at least make the battery last longer they have got the technology but doe want to do it
200,000folds before it degrades? There'll be a lot of people here in the states that'll be buying a new one in three months, given how many times people check their phones in one day.
I’m switching back to Samsung now, I’m fucking sick of my iPhone X
Of course they had to come out with something as keep increasing screen size of phones will make them no portable at all. So if the folds will eventually damage the screen in future, then people will start taking their tablet and small phone separately with them again as a lot used to do before.
After blue balling us for so long, finally (and surprisingly) Samsung announces their foldable phone out of nowhere. I don't know if it'll be successful or not, but glad they didn't just give up on it all together.
This really shows that people are still in love with tablets and missing their bigger screen size.
Lots of haters in the comments. This is the first phone that’s making me want to finally upgrade from my iPhone 6s lol
But it wont stand much longer than non foldable phone...there will be a frequent replace of its part than todays battery problem!!
Fuck wallpaper presentation
Yet another distraction.
Damn. Now thats the S M A L L E S T F L E X E R O F T H E C E N T U R Y.
iFlex by Apple The first to bend ??
This is pure planned obsolescence. Display WILL wear out as clockwork, you will HAVE to buy a new one every year.
Imagine the cost to replace the glass/display
I like it !!!!÷
I WILL DROP APPLES ASS IN A HEARTBEAT FOR THIS SHIT. THIS IS THE COOLEST SHIT. SORRY APPLE. MUSK WAS RIGHT. YOU DIDNT THINK OF THIS FIRST AND WELL IM SWITCHING NOW. I NEED A FOLDABLE FONNNNNNNE
Isn’t this going to canabilize their tablets?
Pointless, just something to hype people up about!!
Samsung wasn't first, Royole wasn't first, it was Apple and the iphone 6... lol
Now i can literally flex on the haters
iPhone 6 2.0
what kind of tempered glass screen protector will there be for this? The Galaxy s8 and S9 tempered glass sucks, nothing stays on.
That lag though
The iPhone 6 is the first foldable phone....
About Royole beating Samsung to the punch for the first foldable smartphone, they didn't do a very good job if anyone's wondering. The screen suffers from major lag issues, apps take a while to open, and the phone sometimes can't tell when it's being held horizontally or vertically. It seems to be a really rushed product.
how many days does 200,000 folds equate to?
Ladies and Gentlemen, The iFlex by Apple Inc. ??
Market it as a foldable tablet instead.
The Chinese one isn't worth mentioning. Any moron out side of Asia that buys it will regret it. It'll last five minutes. cheap shit. Hope Sony brings flex phone out :)
Nice useless tech
Every phone is foldable. Most of them are foldable only once.
https://worldwidetechie.com/samsungs-foldable-smartphone/ Here is the Details about the Samsung's Infinity flex Display used in the Foldable Smartphone
#bendgate
Interesting
Let the guinea pig's try this out first before I spend any of my money on new technology like this, it needs time to be perfected.
It's a prototype
And i thought it was really that bricky.
wow
All this new technology, and noone has the courtesy to have brighter lighting fml
meh
I'm not feelin it
So..... A modern flip phone??
Anyone else thinks this phone is ugly? I mean it's cool that the technology exists but is anyone asking for a huge ugly phone?
Looks like an old Nokia phone
There is a demand for foldable phones???
wow really very techiniacist
Not officiall
Odd Flex, but ok...
Flip phones are coming back!!!! ??
That's so cool! How do you get the vids from? Like your vids so much
Samsung will takeover iphone soon