How is that case though?
99.99% of the viewer = yeah like hell I have money 00.01% of the viewer = hell yeah another collection
Best phone ever.
Were can I get the phone the WEBSITE AND THE Accessories everything that came with it What's the website please
I'm gonna buy the phone and the game vice thing. Just gotta finish saving
Can you attach the fan accessory with the case on?
Makes me bananas wher can I order this ??????????????????
Music at the starting pls
I just saw it today and must say I was like woooooow from what dimension is this?!?!?! It has a price of 1000euro but hey,it's a smartphone worth having,all those features...damn,that's just sick!!! Heheehe,by the way,great video and awesome review of a great device!!! Maybe this is the next smartphone on my list :D
How much does everything in total cost with all of the gadgets
Idk what to get asus rog or IPhone xs max
That side mounted port should be on every phone, especially if they don't have the 3.5 mm jack.
How did u get it??!?!!
A bit too small. I'm getting an error reading, 'abnormalities in charging port.' Battery is getting increasingly worse. It really dies fast once it reaches 50% mark. I had one error when it wanted to do a hard reset of my phone for some reason. It decided not to for some reason. The screen is causing me problems when playing. About 20% of the time it doesn't register my thumb input when trying to shoot the bad guys. Losing many more games than I should be. Sometimes it registers my thumb input when I'm confident I'm not touching.. Just very close. Beautiful screen. No extra crap apps come with it so that's nice. Feels ok in the hand, just a bit small. Wish it had some hard rubber on the edges to assist in holding it.Will be returning it...
How much cost that pandel
Little bit over priced!
It’s an amazing phone but the android market needs more high end games!
Best Broker Of Trading Site Sign up Please : http://bit.ly/2OnkiAL
Very nice sir. Really nice to see you getting more and more popular!!
Where can you buy this
Geez how much does the phone only costs ? and then the whole combo package cost ?
Can i have a gaming phone???
Satisfied
can anyone link me the background song plz ?
Left out the main part dude. How much does all of that cost!!?
3 docks? Hmm...
Best phone ever. ?? How do I get one.
I love this phone a lot. My only complaint is the Snapdragon 845 chip. It will be outdated in about 3 more months with the Snapdragon 855. If this phone had the Snapdragon 855 chip inside then I would be sold 100%.
Bonkers ??
ASUS should make a macbook style lapdock. Insert the phone like a game cartridge. Tabdock as well.
I just need that suitcase. It just looks cool
Where can i buy this?
IT'S A GOOD PHONE,BUT THE PRICE IS RIDICULOUS! Yeah,in my country its RIDICULOUS!
Do you guys not have phones?
Asus beat razer
But the question is - Can you play Subway Surf, Temple Run and Minecraft on it?
asus just declared a war with himself!
Better reviews than mkbhd and inbox therapy ???? killing it bro ?? especially that outro track adding the cherry on top ??
what is the track name sir ?
Holy mother of GOD????????
Outro song ?
Rog?
Also the gamevice is probably the only accessory i'll get
Wow ??
Give me a one phone??????
#nutted
What you didn't mention is how god awful expensive the accessories are
Very very very few people would buy all this as a set.. Majority of people won't not buy it at all! What a waste of technology..
What's your user name in pubg
This is the best unboxing I've ever seen
Very good phone
Can you donate me one?
I can't believe it took them forever to relase the ROG phone Not to mention the S10 is most likely going to come at February
Gaben has left the chat
Will this phone be able to play Pokemon Go?
ROG = Ridiculously Overpriced Garbage
One of the best ever seen!!!
The only downside is that it's not running Windows 10 lol
Giveaway
But is it ip68
Damn good mobile
ah ROG phone, this is sick, guess I know which phone to get next, thanks Arun for makin this
The best unboxing..
Over kill!
Damn it how i envy you right now ??????
Nav gestures are better than software buttons
When you are high on weed and James bond is the last movie you watched.This is what you end up designing
???????
Can you please watch my video https://youtu.be/ik3929p4JsU
does this phone support wireless charging?
The best unboxing video ever seen??
Okay I remember vapour god deal, for this I will write the phantom story
The accent. ??????
this phone is sucks
in all honesty.. best phone of 2018 in my opinion. I think it was extremely well done now all we need is timely OS updates and you have the perfect phone.
does these products you can get without getting the phone
And I had thought that the ROG GT51 was too much...
What's the name of the song that he uses at the end that was awesome.....
It's a superb phone..
Where are the good games for these awesome gaming smartphones? Dig the video, but I find gaming smartphones to be ...kinda pointless if all we get is what's in the play store. Save money, buy a switch, get real games without all these crappy iAP's, coins... sprinkles and sh*t to keep us buying crap. Also having a switch, you don't feel compelled to upgrade your phone $$$ EVERY YEAR to keep up. and keep your phone as a phone.
Me : Now What is next
Thumbnail Stuff On 2:38 Thanks Me later
Can I just get this plssss!
Please do entire separate video on each product
Great video
7:05 perfect timing
Killer
Price= An arm & a leg
The product is really fierce and wonderful I want one :(
This is my gadgetmatch
Now we know every thing about asus Rog phone.this is a very good unboxing.im amaze.
Do we really need this ?:/ Cmon what the hell ..
Everyone is doing well except bastard apple
Goodbye apple!
7:29 which is that music? Any body pls reply..
Camera comparison please
camera comparison to OP6T :)
The best ?? ever........
DAMN....... that's a nice luggage bag
My eyes turned Red watching this video.
How do we get that accessory pack? I want to order the ROG Phone with accessory pack like in your video :) Upgrading from note 9 lol
Price?????
Your voice is boring bro
Price pls
????
THIS PHONE WAS MADE FOR ALL OF THE OPRESSED GAMERS, GAMERS RISE UP
how did all six mobiles you got???
My gawd. The phone looks so stunning.
What song is that at the end? Can't find it in Homage playlist
Please make more best android apps video!
Good Video ending with Fine day
Please buy another one and make a giveaway
Is this Asus phone better then Iphone XS ?
Man whatttt an amazing gadget
Where do u live in
were you sponsored by Gymshark?
Wow I just need to sell my kidney for this
May I know where can I get the accessories inside the luggage ?
Sick review! Send me one ASUS!
Wow that's some kit... A little overkill? And I imagine quite expensive.. But least Asus offering something different.... ??.. Good video as normal..
I want it...plz give it to me
Nice class unboxing.
Bro it's my dream phone who's else is this phone is their dream phone
Nice unboxing Aaron
This is just too dope
I didn't know Arun's legs were this hairy.. LMAO..what am I doing with my life.
PlzzZ give it to me.????
When is the give away?
Overclocked processor definitely show improved performance in benchmarks
How is the camera
Amazing video
better than the ipad pro and razr phone
Asus nailed the 2018
Wow, talk about commitment! The Razr phone looks like a sad little toy compared to this.
Maybe it is easier to bring along my Xbox to game with ...
Damn...imagine the same things for an iPhone... No don't
try samsung j6 on budget
that kit was insane
I think it looks awesome and the gaming controller and the case would really be the only thing I would use out of all of that.
Thanks that u made a vid about this phone...THIS IS THE BEST PHONE FOR GAMERS....My aim is to buy one of these??
And of course battery comparison mrwhosetheboss style
Camera test of it
great video
Just need a 7nm chip in this phone then the performance will be great in battery and gaming both !!
How much does it even cost???
I don't know why but it's the first time i feel like you haven't done justice to a product.
Wow how you gonna use all of that?????
I like the Asus ROG Phone.
i was hesitant to view this video because I've already watched so many rog phone videos .. But was satisfied at the end. great work arun.
I really think is to much for a phone..
You should make a new Hindi or Punjabi channel as you r An NRI
How lucky when you get all that for free
Nice movie
Really this is Ridiculous ??
What's the song at the end?
The truth about the OnePlus 6t video wanted!! ????
It is one of the best phones
i really hope theres no other "sequel" or "series" of this phone coming up in near futute. simply bcs i hope the team just keep improving and maintaining the performance whatsoever on this device I mean.. Look at those packaging!! kudos dedication!
This is one of those videos you feel suuuuuper satisfied after watching even if you're not a techie. It must have been a beautiful experience altogether for you. Now it makes me want to get my hands on one very soon!!!??
Nintendo 3ds, anyone
I wish I would get this for my birthday
Price?
Absolute beast of a phone
Okay, the phone looks lit, but how is it as an actual phone? Good reception? How is the camera, etc.?
i hope you can make camera review asus rogue phone and xiaomi latest black shark.
I have the rog phone I want the suitcase lol
I love your videos man, I actually get exited when I see you posted. Keep it up!
Would you mind tell us does it count as an emulator when using the Dock station for PUBG Mobile ? people say Pubg might lock this out ? is it true ?
a massive contender for the most underrated smartphone of 2018
IT IS MY FAV SMART PHONE can you tell me bro whats the whole price of that phone with its accessories
I guess you could say...he’s the Bob Boss of unboxings :P
Is it even modularity because honestly idk what to call it, but sure as hell Asus has taken it over the top with this baby
So how much is it? That's important info.
I just liked the video before it started... You're always gonna bring us some bomb stuff everytime you upload a video.
Music : Fine Day by Keanu Silva
Camera review plz
Wow! this is bigger than I thought
Think i must become a youtuber....
Mr who I've been subbed sceince 20,000 and ur content is 1 of the best keep up the good work
really ridiculous
I want that ??
Omg ????????????????
Great video as always
THIS THING IS NUTS
Oh God!, u are so hot. I am here just for ur thighs. I have a huge crush on u
Papasito ????????????????????????????
The very best and most informative ROG PHONE video on the web yet!! Kudos... this phone is in my top 3! 1.Samsung note 9 2.Asus Rog Phone 3.Honor note 10
PAPASITO MMMM BAREFOOT SEXY WOW ??????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????
I like it
Arrrr ohhhh geee not rog
Wait....if I buy the phone, will I get a suitcase full of accessories?
You are doing a great job! I find my self unsubscribing from most of the MURICA gadget tubers due to your sincerity and trustworthiness.
Best edit ever in unboxing
mail that phone to my house! I can like, subscribe, donate, give birth..
Superb man?
I’m loving it although I’ve bought an iPhone 8 Plus... This one I gotta have it... Peace out!
You seem to get the coolest things...
lets asking the important questions first how you got 1,200 $ :D
The phone simply wow and the accessories are amazing. But thinking whether this phone comes to India or not.
You are quite comfortable with your feet all out on your knee in the thumbnail lol ??.
ROG phone Feels Loser because of Razer Phone 2 and xiaomi Black shark melo 2 that is 10 gb ram and 845 Sd
Dude don't ever wear shorts again, or you're gonna be mrwhosthewolfman
This is a gaming phone. NO!! This is an ULTIMATE GAMING PHONE! ??????????
Lucky guy
The design is so great with a lot of personality.
I love the way the suitcase comes into the video :D
Love it, they actually gave Android users a headphone jack, not 1 but 2 charging ports, many, many features... great phone overall, I did not quite catch the storage size and the availability of an SD card for storage expansion, probably 128GB storage and a yes for the SD Card, but no sure, could you tell me? It will also be great to know the price.
I want to implore you for making this unboxing video not silent and boring at the beginning. You kept dialogue going throughout the video and kept us engage quite well. Great unboxing video, especially for how much you unboxed yet the video is still short.
I don't no ??
NAME OF THE LAST SONG PLEASEEEEEEEEEEE
Watching the video from my ROG
Yes! So ridiculous that it has horrible ping in online gaming. Doesn't give more time on gaming than the Oneplus 6. I have both rog phone and Oneplus 6. And in online gaming performance, Oneplus beats rog phone! If you want great screen on the cost of ping, then rog phone is the best. But if you want great gaming experience with low ping, then go for the Oneplus! If reviewer have these 2 phones, then try to play arena of Valor on both. Then you will see that rog has horrible wifi and lte antenna.
You have great videos. Can i have the bag of ROG?
Needs 1440p
XoXo <3
Amazing . Give me the phone please
Every time he says "rog" instead of R-O-G, I die a little inside
????
It's not ROCK phone it is R O G. P. S what's the outro song?
Man, can you, please, tell me or maybe do a video about the Google Pixel XL, and if is worth it, considering that it's almost 2019? It will be a massive help for my decision.
You kinda sound like a robot in this video (Not Trying to he rude)
when you go and Google it's price welp gonna be a while till I get this phone
Do a camera test of the Asus ROG phone vs the Razor Phone 2 vs the Xiaomi Black Shark Helo
Amazing! Plz make full review of the phn
Does the suitcase come with the phone? Or do you have to buy it separately?
Awesome and outrageous phone I really like asus phone even without other accessories
I'm buying it. I have a little bit of a Linux fetish and that 8Gb RAM and 3 USB ports is looking pretty nice.
Looks fantastic. How are the camera's
Bulge galore!
"when acer sent me a email..." but the ROG is asus right??
"Simple pleasures" of suitcase full of free stuffs!
Sick phone, but I just want that suitcase.
You explain everything i need to know
Great review Arun!
Great review Arun!
Amazing job Asus... that's really impressive
Most amazing video of all time
Insane ??
Definitely wanting to get one.
Way too much for mobile gaming
How much is that phone
Man I wish I had that
This Asus ROG phone looks more appealing then the Razer 2 #IMHO!
GIVE IT TO ME!!!I NEED ONE!!!
You get all of this for the price of a cheap iPhone??
The phone is bad ass.
Really cool and all... But WHY? Playing a game on a tiny phone screen is the equivalent to watching a movie on a laptop.. or phone... Just not meant to be with 38" monitors and 65" TV's being common.
Dang they went all out with this phone??
Those legs are RIDICULOUS
So much packaging ??
This is such an amazing mobile to get and it's also my dream ??
I'm now surprisingly interested in this phone
Why is it so ridiculous.I don't understand ,can you Explain......????
is this phone built for human being ?
Just wow
Still awesome start on the amazing video
He said acer once??
Love You Baby ??????????
?
Well that's a great unboxing
there a link on how much it is and to buy?!
But can it run crysis ?
Very cool concept with an excellent phone but just like the Red Hydrogen these overpriced accessories are almost useless..
Can't wait to play snake at 60fps on it.
He's so well spoken
Will there be a full review?
I ?? ROG Phone
love this phone but how much does it cost
Woah I really want that asus rog phone and I would be satisfied if I had it??
sexy legs
Price please
How much?
ASUS ROG vs Mate 20 X
Pretty dope
It's really a cool phone
oh man the twinview is so cool
Overkill.
Do you need 2 phones for the dual screens?
That was awesome so glad I watched this wish I had some cash to buy this and open it in front of friends just to watch them go green with envy
I want one.....with ALL of these accessories!! Great video Arun.
What's the full cost for all that stuff?
Gaming phones are a scam.
Red dead 2 ??
I'm only here to hear his accent xD ??
Great video man ?? keep up the good work ????
I have an iPhone XS so I’m good. A very simple phone, that shit looks complicated
What a phone! ?? I wanna have it.
Hey what about a speed test between pixel3,note9 &6t..
Man I must say you have a gifted voice .. literally by hearing your voice I feel like buying the phone ;) Keep up the good work ;)
I'll be very simple It's amazing but Android games don't deserve such product
Overpriced for what you get snapdragon 855 next year
Cool video man
Pretty Cool phone!
looks like the future. I want all but unfortunately couldn't afford all.
Background music is lit ????
I believed it was ridiculous just by looking at the thumbnail,but after watching the video i must say,ASUS knew the best person for the job,whostheboss killed it!
i love your voice, i have no interest in this phone but just like hearing you talk
If you smell....... What the ROG is cooking!
Could u jst tell me whr to buy it
I want this set
The quality of videos you make are getting to a whole new level, Hope that you become the best some day, in the world of reviewers. ??
Would you fuck me? I would fuck me. I would fuck me SOO hard!
I need this phone before I die!!
I literally watch all your videos and always wait till to end for that good music.
So cool
great quality but man please reduce the cuts.. it's becoming tiring and less intuitive.
Stop pronouncing the name wrong.
This Asus package is off the hook I'm getting one cuz
I'm loving the design of the smartphone
THIS WAS A BOSS VIDEO
Damn??????????
Is made out of panda?
It's a mammoth phone. Not for me. Just a little over the top.
WHAT?! This is amazing. I can't believe it. Going to Asus website ASAP. Thanks for the video. Just insane!
What the hell is ROG? It's R O G (Republic of Gamers) The way he said it....... ??
What a soft voice and music! Really peaceful video. I felt really good after watching it!
It would be great if you could make a detailed video of all the accessories with pros and cons
MAN I WANT THAT
It's not ROG IT'S R O G
I absolutely love it! That said, if I refuse to pay 1k+ for a Max there's no way on earth I'm buying it, plus all the accessories.
Looks like they went all out this time
What is that outro song at the end?
Background music name please
Love this video man!! Keep it up.
Gaming setups are nothing without good games, hopefully mobile game developers step it up a notch after this phone ????
Just "Wow" is the only word that comes out when I see or hear about this beast with beauty. Truly appreciated
when are u planning a Meetup in INDIA
THE NAME OF THE OUTRO SONG, PLS, ANYONE?
Great video as always... But I am not sure why I cringed every time you said Rog Maybe I am used to R.O.G. Other products from Asus uses R.O.G. and not Rog
Unit?
The best unboxing of this phone. Congrats!
Why dont people say the same shit about IPhone?
Give a full review
Rog phone is R.O.G dont continue the word
? it... ?
Pgl ho gaya h Asus
??
This is the hell of an unboxing ! I'm sure Lewis is seriously gealous of you!
Imagine carrying your phone with a suitcase
Damn you are a lucky guy.. i want those ....!!!
??????
Hope that ppl r not gonna use it to play clash of clans or temple run..
wow, a glimpse of many possible things to come. really like it
Hw much
Like it before watching fam !!
Insanity!
I am getting mine tomorrow. I wish the accessories are available here in the US already! I want the dual screen!
I am jealous because I'm not that rich.. ???? Impossible type dream for me ????
Impressive
Phone made by Aliens ??, RIDICULOUS!
Just send it to me????
Is the cooooooooooolest??
Those accessories are really simmilar to the switch
Asus has done a great job!
Hey, what happened to the OnePlus 6t review ? I've been waiting for your opinion. I love your content.
ASUS is cleanly making a commitment to gaming and user experience. I applaud them for that :-)
time has come to call mobile phone players are "GAMERS". Nice...
This actually looks good. Lol
So now you can be a hardcore casual gamer I guess?
Your voice is heart touching !!??????
But can it run flappy bird?
Bro how much the phone is
More ports than the Macbook
This video was amazing. Loved the shots and the cinematography. The phone with all of those accessories is definitely for those who truly love mobile gaming to the fullest. Keep up the excellent work.
anyone else feels weird when arun said ROG instead of R O G?
Shut up and take my money
Imagine the suitcase got stolen ????????
??
Damn, ASUS aren't messing around when they make a gaming phone.
Cool Video Mate. Keep it going...
Fantastic dude
Loved this video... Did not know ASUS was so serious about this phone!
please tell the epidemic sound name please tell anyone
Well titled video. I’m not sure who this is all for but it was cool!
can you in 78 hours later do a tips and trick for this the Asus phone
how much all this??? (Phone+ accessory)
i see a lot of phone review on your channel,but this one,i cant hold to say it to you but...plz giveaway that.. that would be so cool :))
Awesome
*R.O.G
That thumbnail was different.
this phone is an overkill
Just wondering, is that pronounciation of ROG correct? ??
Ponte zapatos, wn!
are behenchod!!
wo khaty han na unchu dikn pekha pakwn
How much all accessories and the phone cost sir??plz anyone
price bro
accessories are more awesome than phone..
Asus packaging and presentation is awesome
Whaaao.......unbeliveble!!!!
This is something crazy????????
Like for a great phone by the gaming company
Great
I eagerly waited for full unboxing of asus rog device with all his device attachment and which i gotted here thanks sir for great unboxing #i wish if can get one for me??????
The AI Robert is back love your voice bro ???? Love from India ?
Dam, TBH. I am salty I didn't wait for this. I was going to wait for it, then the Razer Phone 2 beat them to release, and I pulled the trigger. Can't believe the phone is only 100 bucks more.
This phone has everything I need But I don't have anything to buy it
I guess it's the best assus rog phone unboxing on YouTube.
This phone is unbelievable. It's Terminator 2 look is for me a five star. I don't need air light device. I like sturdiness and durability.
Best ever gaming phone
Guessing 3000 $ for all of that
This is redicules in a VERY GOOD WAY
Wow, this looks like a gamer's dream! Great job Asus. And great review Mrwhosetheboss. So satisfying :)
Late.
Hey Arun. Nice video. Can you please do a camera test between ASUS ROG PHONE , BLACK SHARK 2 AND RAZER PHONE 2
Lol, samsung dock got just so dead by ASUS! Kudos to ASUS!
Its R. O. G not rog????
But Can it run Crysis 3...?
Nice video looking foword to you future video
I should be building a gaming pc, so why on Earth am I watching this super tempting gaming phone review?
I'm an iPhone user and this and Oppo Find X are the only phones that would make me consider switching to Android.
and that's why i love Asus
it is amazing
I don't think this time ur video has done justice to the Asus gadgets
Gymshark once again :o
release date????
When is apple coming out with their gaming phone? ??
I would rather buy a PS4
Oh my god very nice
Well to game on a tiny screen this games that suck ass id rather buy me a PS4 for way less
Wow
Good video.... 18:9 please
Didn't expected a video today??but was happy to see that,that Asus phone is so ridiculous?? those accessories are little confusing which one to use??too many of em,any way that's a Beast??.And @mrwhosetheboss the last two videos had an amazing and variety starting/intro of U??
Damn!
Really it's incredible for such a gaming phone
Free fire wallpaper lol??
Ending song please,
How much is this total?
best vdo
how much would all that kit set you back? twas most definitely interesting
Phone for gamers rocking a 10nm Snapdragon 845 which can’t even manage to beat last years A11 chip by Apple OMEGALUL
this is better than my gaming pc
How have you got the nicest voice in the world
You should wear more shorts so we could see your sexy legs
Amazing stuff by Asus
wow thats too much ??
Press O to start
super satisifying!!!
????? ?? ??? ? ??? ??? ?????? 3310 ?? ????? ???? ?? ????? ???? ??? ????? ???? ??????.....?? ???? ?? ???? ???? ??? ???? ??? ???? ??
Finally a phone that looks different than the 100 other phones which launched this year.
What is the background music?
This is just ?????????? and is better than any other Gaming smartphones out there!
1:26 im so tilted of that dirty screen lol. Anyway good video my dude.
Ur voice bro ??
By hearing that sigh, pretty much sure that you are not going to use that phone. Give to me, I will treat her as my girlfriend.
I like your style.
Anyone heard in the UK that Xiaomi are retailing the MiA2 and Mi8 Lite for £1?!?! Like if you want one of them for such a low price
That phone is amazing
I see u trying some ASMR by krincling the papers like that ... I SEE THAT MR WHOSE YOUR BOOUSS
I need this but don't know why
This is perfect for my temple run.
It's R-O-G not rog
meanwhile iphone barely has 1 port :D
Loved the start..!!??try doing it more often ????
Imagine casually getting emails from huge companies asking to send you their latest phones
I think I'm okay with the honor play ????
I need a new phone to play pubg 'cause it lags so much on my redmi 3s prime but this ROG phone is overkill but I'll take it anyways. And the video was very satisfying as always. Quick and informative no mumbo jumbo. ??
i want all of that
Brooo i am very big fan of you ????????????????????????
Sexy to a whole new level. U and the phone alike.
This seems slightly overkill, ill just go for ASUS Zenfone 5z, which no popular tech youtuber has review ????
This phone is overkill
Can we have an camera Samples... Because I am planning to but this phone Thanks
How much does it cost?
Note..it's a 30 watt charger
Rog phone is something I don't think is necessary the note 9 is way better in my opinion as it has the same 845 processor. I understand the cooling and controls but I don't think gaming phones as extreme as the rog phone is necessary. The razer phone 2 does it just right by not going too extreme.
Awesome unboxing ????
Please subcribe his channel its just awesome??????
Lol what's with the shorts in the thumbnail it looks like you wore your pajamas and shot that photo before going to sleep ??
lamo i got the razer phone add
Not to mention it has 0.1response rate
Give ..me.plzzz???? ??????
Good for gaming
uk release date and who is doing contracts?
This phone is way better than that Samsung foldable phone imo. I’m an Apple user/fanboy/sheep and this phone looks amazing.
Pretty sure its pronounced R-O-G not rawg, but good video.
I think that this is what the razer phone shouldve been, instead of just a flat squared black chunk with a usb c port
By a huge margin, the best presentation of a phone. Would be amazing if every buyer would recieve that.
Sponsored by Asus
True Dope Tech??
Squeeze? I've seen that before.
Hi sir
Wow amazing Rog phone n assoeries wow amazing I wish I have all of it
This phone is dope I just love asus. ?? damnn
PRICE ??
Ridiculoussssssssss ????????????
Does pubg mobile sponsor you Cause u always use pubg mobile to check or display gaming footage
Too bad the Snapdragon 855 comes out in a few months.... this phone is already pretty much outdated...
Overall, best unboxing on ROG phone and its accessories, didn't even know that the peripherals are inside a suitcase ON WHEELS. How I wish to get that. OwO
Still anyone who is complaining about companies still need to pay more attantion to gaming phone..??
Its a 30 watt charger, but still a great video keep it up
Dream phone but I can't afford it
Seeing them supporting a phone like this is what will make people want this phone tho. Literally the polar opposite of the RED phone.
You can't be this hot. Damn bro
This is real innovation.
Are the ancessories free or you had bought them separetly?
Ok you pro gamers this is the phone for you
Super beast gamming phone.
This is very weird, im getting Austin Evans's ultimate setup kinda thing in this video..everything is so over the top :D
Can play GTA 5 with it!?
I want that phone!
As overkill as it is, it's still cheaper than the note 9 or iPhone Xs Edit: Of course the price will be much higher if you plan on getting any of the accessories
Never wanted a suitcase more. Now THAT is a beautiful suitcase with AWESOME accecories????
I love it!! I wishSamsung did this with their note 9 or the upcoming note 10, it would be insane having so many gadgets.
Best video of Phone unboxing ??
Love the video
Do you play free fire?
Completely satisfying video...??
rubbish
"Looks like you have to have 2 of them" but they are 2 ??????
Mate 20 X
wow that's a lot. massive unboxing. more power sir
Him vs zack from jerry rig should compete for the next google assistant voice!
... When Asus goes nuts... ??
plz help me...note 9 or Asus ROG...? plz ????
We are getting trash like this and wondering why Diablo Immortal exists.
Too bad the mobile game industry is still a joke. For now I'm only using my game pc and PlayStation 4
Guess who all are watching this Ya those who can't afford it ...
Nice mobile
2.9 GHz? Holy shit it still amazes me how fast technology moves I think the i5 8300h in my nitro 5 laptop is only 2.3 GHz base clock! Crazy world we are living in.
Bro you are awesome
i would love to have that luggage. even if its still empty i could use that for my laptop and shirts
Wow fuck this guy
The music you used in this video is amazing!
wow
Huawei p20 and mate 20 Pro are better
Crazy! Asus gone mad with this! Wow!
Dude, you need to up your thumbnail game.
Behemoth of a package... THAT'S WHAT SHE SAID
I will buy that phone for sure.... If they give that suitcase filled with those modules ??
Bro plz reply what is ur background music plz bro and happy Diwali
Asus is just not building a gaming phone, it's creating a gaming ecosystem. This is why it stands out in the gaming phone segment.
Superb yrr
HOLY SHIZZZZ <3 JUST LOOKING AT IT MAKES YOU ORGASM. MAKES ME WANT TO BUY ONE RT
Asus nailed it
I shouldn't have watched this, now I'm jealous.
Yeah you can chuck loads of crappy addons with the phone but let's not forget the main purpose of the video is to promote the ROG phone which is a bag of shit and looks ugly as hell.....
Banned for pubg... that's practically cheating
I'm sorry but I still cannot understand who games THAT intensely on their phones that they would rather not have a good camera or an actual good looking software but have this "bonkers" of a phone! I never understood who gaming phones are for... not ONE person I've seen games this intensely on their phone to justify the 200+ weight that comes with it! Or the extreme price tag.
Awesome
I'm not a gamer, and at first I thought this was ridiculous ... but it looks amazing and I do want it. I don't know what use I would give it though
Can it fold tho?
??on?? #asusROG #arun . best unboxing ever. ??
Completely nailed it
Why i am watching these????
THAT PANT ??
This is insane
Why doesnt google hire your voice? I would have used bixby if it had your voice :)
Background Sound....?? Source??
Tv name plz
How much is it?
Arun please! It is pronounced as Asus R-O-G phone. (I paused the video to type this comment so if you get to know about it later in the video then sorry)
A serious gaming phone ever
Ill be choosing the mate 20x. Bigger screen(7.2inch) bigger battery(5,000Mah) and a faster K980. And its cheaper with camera specs of mate 20 pro.:)
I just love gaming on phone but don't wanna go with rog phone but like the mate 20 pro bec camera is my main concern... Hope to see mate 20 pro gaming performance
The most satisifiying thing i have ever seen
Wow
Please one give me
I like Asus brand
Nice, no one needs tht many docks tho lol
This is whole new level
Arun please come to India for collaboration.......
This gamer focused design that I hate on laptops looks great on a phone. Asus definitely made the best gaming phone. I wish Sony would enter the game and make an Xperia Playsation Pro. Only the fact that it plays PS and Vita games would put all the other gaming phones to shame. Except... If Valve makes a Steam Phone that plays PC games. Now that would be incredible
What a hell of a gears.
This video deserved likes. Asus ROG phone is so dope ??. Thank you sir for the video. Fall in love with asus.
ROG phone vs Mate 20X speed test ?
Such a confusing device . ROG did not dine its product well ...... How many gamers will be willing to play on a small screen when you can just plug it on the big screen ?? ... Mobile ... Defeats the purpose
Apple cant do that????
TBH I doubt anybody would buy all those accessories. It's like all of them are made for Asian gamers.
The accessories were epic! Asus did a great job
How you guys get the free phone
Bro your voice is so damn amazing Really it's cool ??
much better than mate20
This is insane ??
Do you get to keep that stuff ? Even the suit case was pretty freaking cool I want one
But they forgot a VR headset
That looks absolutely awesome, it’s a gamers dream, Not something I’d go for unless I had lots of money to waste, Asus make great gaming stuff
Best Unboxing ever
Outro song?
How much does it cost in total ????????
ROG> Razer Phone 2
You are my hero
ABSOLUTE UNIT
Phone & video both are great.
that's the wildest ROG Phone review I ever seen. Carry on Arun You're the best
Can I run temple run on it???????
I'm in love with it lol I love to see a company put this kind of effort forward.
This is the only phone which I liked a lot by its looks ! Beastly and Unique phone.. If the front display was more attractive and more in resolution I would have thought of purchasing it !
Can’t handle this . Who needs this . People are not mad to spend so much after just gaming ! Are they earning more than bill gates or Jeff bezoz by gaming
Don't see the point of a gaming phone.. Most games are meh.. Unless they start dropping AAA titles then.... Well... ??
Had to slam the box down. Ahh the life of a Big popular youtuber.. If the product breaks..... Oh well there is more where that comes from.
Cool
Damn those speakers are quite juicy
50 iPhone sheep disliked this video. It shows how blah their rehashed phone is.
Keep on growing
This is a lot....????
#BossStyle
#LikeaBoss
I hope the next rog phone still keeping the same look as the 1st one..so we need to buy and upgrade the phone only..and all the accessories still can be used on the new device..instead of upgrade the entire set..this can be promising mobile gaming rig..
Just imagine my OnePlus 6 runs pretty cool enough without extra cooling ??
Asus????????
Yeah his voice is still chill.. ?????
Jab money ho to sab ridiculous hi lagta hai
A wonderful package!
Why can't gaming phones look normal? This looks like it came out of aliens ass. It looks like it's meant for a 12 year old's cool factor.
Plz give package link
R. O. G. Not ROG
How much did it cost? With all accessories.
Id buy it
so jealous. such a phenomenal unboxing
Just buy console or PC tho if u gonna that much money on this stuff
Just over the top stuff
While im here watching random new flagship/gaming phone using my samsung j1 :'c Ps: i have a job and im pretty much into new phones but my salary was not enough to buy a new one. Ps:yes im saving money but that was for the mother of my incoming child :) Pss:up this maybe someone will give me even a rusted old phone but can run pubg lol ??
Thanks for the detailed review of ROG full package!
wish i had money to get one
But you did cushion the fall of the smaller box with that mattress ??
Your videos are addictive #mrwhosetheboss
I bought this phone not because I wanted to play games on it. I bought it because of all the cool features it has and felt it is the most advanced smartphone on the market.
Makes sense!
Superb
#WOW
Niche or not gamer phones seems to have their share in market as even Samsung rumoured to make one.i think we'll be seeing more of them. And the fact that phone games make ridiculous profits all of game companies want a piece of it. Future gaming - phone gaming
Asus making great forgetting background
Amazing vedio bro....
i actually can how i would use every accesory shown but it just makes no sense to pay for it , probably cost around 5000 usd for everything
Pls compare rog phone vs razer phone 2 vs black shark helo??
The best phone I have ever seen in my life.m with all type of accessories. It's a beast. I would really luv to buy this phone. I
ROG Gaming review pannuga
Grateful Unboxing bro.
I'm speechless.
That's a gaming phone ??
How an iPad Pro 12.9 inchs cant even fits a headphone jack while Asus ROG Phone has 2! FREAKING TWO HEADPHONE JACK!
just WOW!
I will buy this after 29 years when my budget matches its price.
Am i the only one not skipping the outro music , it's so awesome
Let me know ur background music... Wow what a unboxing yaaaa it's cooler than air-conditioning
I jealous. Seriously... Those accessories are amazing..
Love your videos & your outro
The question is How much?
I have the phone it's awesome I want to get a couple of the accessories I just can't afford it.
Did he really sigh at the end of the video
Hi, i m a small blogger and I write about tech and gadgets. Can I embed ur video with my review of Asus Rog phone? My contacts: manasmdg3@gmail.com admin@nextdeskguy.com
To be honest nothing on the whole god damn appstore is worth to be played on this. No AAA quality exclusive titles, every thing is either a shitty clone or a PC port and riddled with stupid ass microtransactions. PUBG Mobile? more like Asian Cheating Grounds Mobile....
3ds+switch+samsung dex
Asus is great as brand, but i don't still understand these gaming phones.. Just nah
Still couldn't beat Mate 20 pro which is not even a gaming phone (Antutu)
The only thing I hate about these videos is the factthat he is almost kissing a microphone when he talks and adds so much base to his voice and when there is a room talk with microphone right on your ears its so unnatural...
Well i would say its just AWESOME
........And then we have iPhone Xs Max with out a fast charger or lightning to 3.5 mm headphone jack adapter....... The world we live is really wierd!!!!!??
I've always liked Asus phones. This is a whole new level though.
After a long time the massive unboxing on Boss style
Arun you are as cool as the ROG phone is
I have never seen gaming phones as more than a marketing joke but this video makes me think otherwise. Asus's efforts are evident from all the different accessories they have prepared for different scenarios. I personally wouldnt ever have thought to ever consider using a non samsung apple lg phone but this phone has caught my interest. Awesome video from start to finish.
I got my rog phone november 7th and it's totally awesome! best phone I've ever had.
Gimmick trash, and you unbox fuckboys eat it up.
Dude it's "R.O.G" not rog
is this an out of season april fools joke? who needs a gaming phone like this? what games require specs anywhere near this? if you say emulators then why are you not supporting those companies and buying their systems instead of overpaying for a phone?
That really is a beast!!
Awesome!
bro please give me the phone..i wanted to review it bro plsss
Too much dop Tech bro
I like the idea of using it as a computer on a big screen like the Samsung Dex. I really think that's where the industry should move too.
who wears a hoodie over a boxer at home???
i thought you almost dropped it at the beginning
hey buddy howu dooin???????
what's that outro music?
Gaming on phones doesn't exist. Just remember the applause last time Blizzard introduced mobile game. 95% are cash grabs.
Awesome video man. I saw other videos on the rouge phone. It's definitely a sick piece of tech. I liked the accessories you showed off as well. It shows that Asus really took the time to make a solid device not just for gamers but other techies as well.
For that price you can get a budget phone, laptop, and a gaming pc!
the unbox therapy done right??
If phones can start playing dota2, then I will buy a gaming phone, untill then camera, screen and design are what I'm looking for.
Dont tell me this phone comes with all this accessories ?
Awesome
What are some good mobile games that actually make it worth it to buy a device like this? Just curious
Twinview is awesome! I love this phone! #RepublicofGamers
?? ???????, ?????? ! ????????
Yeah, it's the rock phone. CAUSE IT'S ROCKS.
Soundtrack at the end of the video please?
It's Really Ridiculous...????????????
you need to stop doing that pouting shit with ur lips on thumbnail u bencho
Man but that amount of stuff is overkill like what the....
Damn. Why it looks like the phone and all the accessories are at least $3000.... It looks awesome but not at this price points... Not for mobile gaming. I can buy a kick-ass laptop for that or better yet, build a banging pc and a console.
Ridiculous commenting here
Cool!
7:11 don't forget the 3.5 Jack
I love this bit 7:04
You shouldnt say roge . Pronounce the letters like ROG
If I buy rog phone ...will I get the second box as well with the phone??
Osm arun
lucky you... or do you have to...do you???
@7:04 ..??
Man did you pay for all those items ???
I like the first dock but it misses VGA and card reader....... Do you know any cheap USB C desktop mobile dock with RJ45, card reader, VGA, HDMI, Two or more standard USB 3.0 and one USB C charging port? If so please share the link.
This is great looking phone, and it may be quite Expensive as like IPhone.
That moment when this guy makes a waayyyy better unboxing video than unbox therapy has made for the last couple months if not even longer
Can you give me plz
Rog ??
hello boss giveaway me one this phone to play the game PUBG
Can we buy the phone case separately?
Can you do the Razer Phone 2 later?
Wow, this was epic, well done. I feel this hasn't been covered enough by reviewers
this is so extra
And you didn't say anything about the battery size
In need to know where to get both the suitcase and phone pls
Watching in my Rog phone.??
The thumbnail tho??
I want this just to say I have it
Bang! I'm saying about the video and content presented in a soothing way. Would you kindly tell the price of that phone including the accessories (the suitcase)... Waiting for your answer
How much is this Asus phone? Are all these accessories easily available.
It's a beast of a phone specs wise, I think the only drawback could be the camera.
Now there are two ways to play pubg free on pc: one is you use the Rog phone to connect to the pc while the second is to use MSI app center to connect to an msi pc
I wish Rog phone has AI assistant with Arun's voice
Never thought that ASUS would give this much of importance for phone accessories. Great video to understand what is going around the mobile tech world.
Cool accessories, hope Samsung does something like this to make their phones more 'gaming' with accessories like this in the future... especially since they're trying to push it with the debut of the Note9 and Fortnite.
I got the new Razer for my son who's a big gamer and has the Razer laptop. We returned the phone. Unacceptably hot when the cpu and fps is cranked up. Definitely getting him this. This is a real gamers phone. Will definitely get him the dock with the additional screen too. This will destroy Razer sales. It's a real winner! ??????
wtf
1300$
-No notch -Has a headphone jack
In simple words. Awesome ??????
Mrwhosetheboss on tv 0:06 ??
Lew's gonna love that. Hah!
Great vid mate
That john wick wallpaper please
Ah mate, fancy just sending me that stuff? It's everything I've ever wanted in a phone!
Wow! It's so amazing phone.. I love it....
Your thumbnails are RIDICULOUS fucking annoying
Am I the only one around here who thinks gaming on a touchscreen is horrible for most genres of games? I just want physical controls... 90hz+ is nice to have but please get your priorities straight. Make great games and smooth controls first.
Just a question when you buy the rog phone thus those other things go with it for free?
Bro send me down the rog to janipur, jammu ,jammu and kashmir ,india plz
That's loud
Please do a battery comparison.
Quality content from the boss as usual. ????
Can't afford them
Does rog support 5g and when will it launch in India . I want it to be future proof for 5g network . PLEASE TELL
There is no such a fuckin gaming phone. Its only a gimmick . Gaming pc is still the way to go.
Damn im poor
they forgot to supply a VR headset in the luggage
Bruh, i dont wanna be awkward but can you at least get some pants
Camera comparison? Rog vs black shark vs razer?
This phone is great but what is the cost
Asus has really worked a lot.
Wow talk about an early Christmas present!
Are You Rich Or Are You Kidding me ????????
The real question is “why is he using a VSS???” ???????? @ 5:54 and 6:30
Should have given a VR headset along.
This is some out of the world, non essential, overkill product and i LOVE it. Sorry Razer and Xiaomi but this is the best gaming phone in the market right now.
Iteqd buy a $5000 pc or a gaming laptop saving a lot of money
The black is everywhere,there is awesome man ??????
This video is super satisfying!
Price ? 200k ??
Do the batery test with and without the twinthing
Niche... are you serious!.... OK yes it is a bit niches... but If I had the cash... nothing else would get a look in... Always been an Asus fan, now a ROG fan, and this has got to be the best phone and accessory package EVER.
Another animal....
Nice...& cool...
I can hardly afford the ROG phone and the boss gets everything for free, I presume. Lol. Costs 1.6K SGD in Singapore..... I can get a decent laptop for that money.
AWWWWESOME ?? OPENING THE SUITCASE. ALWAYS LIKED YOUR VIDEO BEFORE WATCHING...?????? ASUS ROG SMARTPHONE ??
They went overboard is just an understatement of the century ??????????????????
THIS IS A NEW KIND OF VIDEO...LIKE....THE WAY U STARTED
So, ASUS was able to put 2 USB ports and a headphone jack in the phone. Now im just feeling cheated by other companies. ??
How much for all the stuff ?
Thumbnail was far more ridiculous!
Dream phone..
Asus went all in.
No it is not... Still watching...
I wish I could like this video a thousand times
Asus brings phones to next level.
How was the camera on asus rog phone
most redicleous phone
I think this is only for gamer
This is game of thrones.. From season 1 to season 9..??????
Seeing your leg hair isn't something I thought I would want to see
Excellent video, Arun! So many accessories! Really digging the design of the phone!
??????
Can someone tell me how many kidneys i need for this whole bundle
Mahn, this was one of the best video. RoG phone, does not have Corning Gorilla Glass 6, while it has a 30W charger.
I enjoyed the video. sooooo where do I get one? ..........Winner chicken dinner!
On the Top Screen, i will Watch Mia khalifa getting pounded. On the bottom screen,i will watch how to stop Masterb***
Best gaming phone
That photo tho hairy af have some hygiene for god sakes
Jesus Christ that's a massive overkill of a product. Why would anyone buy that?
Last one
Whoa...! the phone is...priced to it's worth...!
Unboxing in shorts BOSSSTYLE
it’s kinda overkill in my opinion lol just buy a ps4 or switch
Mrwhosetheboss, You need to change your ending soundtrack asap, its just... terrible. I mean that "la lalalala, e e a a a a...". Its extremely annoying.
Price ???
can you do a giveaway of it
Scrolling through the comments, I DID see you offered a slightly wordier Opinion. You should have been equally succinct within your review. Many of the commenters may miss your latter comments. JaneLee ^_^ ???? 11/9/18 7:53 AM
Aaron you forgot the little fan that comes with it!
If only I had money...
looks cool!
Arun is the best PUBG player
But can it run Minecraft?
Wow super box..
What mobile game it can't handle???
Real question though, why would anyone buy this when they can get a really good gaming PC for the same price?
Nenek
Best Subiltitles' Image..
That thumbnail made me lose No Nut November (no homo tho)
These are all the future of a gaming smartphone!!! Wow!
My most fave mrwhosetheboss intro. ??
I can feel that my kidneu cant afford that.
Why did Asus send their Asus Rog phone in a suitcase that's actually hilarious????????????
We've seen the 845 being put into the first laptops and since it is strong enough for that, smartphones are entering the field of portable computer. Rog is treating its phone as if it can be something like the Nintendo switch. I actually believe that smartphones have a chance of replacing consoles, and if none of the console companies get aboard the ship now they might not be able to get into the mobile gaming market. Remember how the switch also overclocks as soon as you hit the dock? Well, the rog phone gives me an impression it is working towards being a switch, but from the smartphone side rather than the console side. The docks etc. Are a little overkill now, sure, but imagine what the future might hold.
I adore these live wallpapers, I wish more phones would have wallpapers like this
That lot would probably costs hundreds, if not a thousands!! ???? Great! But probably well out of the reach of average gamers, price wise
That thumbnail is so lit
That was some serious unboxing I've seen till date ,,,
Please give link for that blue phone wallpaper at start with the guy shooting
oh i love the phone not the price..??
Too much investment for a single gaming device.
Mobile gaming: Asus>rest. Enough said.
Hearing you say "absolute unit" in that silky smooth voice is something I didn't know I wanted
So nobody is going to comment about how this man is saying ROG?
That was badass!
I can't afford that coz im poor :(
I liked just for those hairy legs???????? No homo guys...??
Nothing better than coming home from Sixth Form and watching your videos ??
You're the hardest working YouTuber, greatly appreciate your amazing work, thanks
The best gaming phone on earth
You > UboxTherapy
Nice toes
Woooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooobrother!
now you can Diablo immortal like a switch!
Now dis is a beast
Dam I wish I could afford that phone because I love gaming but I don't have the money
That's so insane. A gaming phone plus all the goodies. Does buying the phone means you get all the accessories for free? JK! I knowwww, imagine how much quid I need to spend in order to own the entire set. Just WOW!
What happened to the 18:9 Aspect ratio videos? Why did you shift to 16:9?
best smartphone unboxing till date that i have seen
uwu
This is the perfect gaming smartphone, too many accesories that you must use.
Whoa. I want this phone!!????????
Holy moly
You're smashing it bro, that phone is on my radar.
I wish i had this??
link of that sweetshirts plz ?
But can it run Honkai Impact 3 at max settings on a 4K TV and is the control/display latency good enough that you can perfectly time dodges in that game.
Whats the title of your background dance atbthe end of your vlog?
Now thats too cool..but im wondering how much is it?xD
Asus really loves you mrwhosetheboss ??
If I gamed I'd rather her than the Razor 2. The options available!
4:51 the speaker was soo loud and clear that I thought you were actually speaking ontop of the speaker audio lol
Hey Hey Hey ! Working out huh? Gymshark!
Woao
Awesome just love this
Do youtubers get all this stuff for free ??
A headphone jack. Fuck yeah :p
Hi
How many insane guys r really buying that phone??? Xiiii
007 James Bond vibe here. I'm absolutely geeking out about this over-the-top product presentation and accoutrements. I want it only because it's a suite of devices that look bada^^. More than functional applications, it is a work of art. I'd display the whole line, just for the cool factor.
Hi early squad
Holy shit that thing looks beatiful
Amazing video as usual. Keep it up, Arun.
Take my kidney....
Build Quality of Asus?? Just like your Videos ?? Give me some likes??
Ridiculous for sure
Great
Something i would wish for this Christmas
A magnificent masterpiece!
#bossstyle
Real gamers don't play on phones
Holy ficking shit!!!
NOFITICATION SKUAD WHER YU AT!?
1.design of phone 2.squeeze to enter X-mode 3.secondary screen ??????????????????????????
That is one kick-ass phone I mean I am into tech and have been since 87, but this is simply wild. How does the rest of the phone stack up to the others like camera or battery and so on?
Notification squad!!
jus wow!
Can us customers find that amazing suitcase to buy too?
Pubg lovers hit like ??
Android combined with the power of mobile GPUs, increase Ram, and cost of phones these days. This is what I imagine phones should be or taking us IMO. Add Windows support with mouse and keyboard. Sprinkle a PSN or Xbox Network like Gaming Experience. And go yourself the future.
GIVEAWAY THAT PLEASE??????????
ROG??nice review. Not just one box it two on this week??i truly happy to see ROG. Mrwhosetheboss got all the accessories for the phone. Btw keep it up Mrwhosetheboss??i truly love your video??
I love it...not ridiculous at all....some of us don't fancy all those camera comparisons and would rather have a gaming phone!!!! ACtually I haven't watched smartphone comparisons for quite a while. It always comes back to the camera and frankly I don't care about daytime, night time shots, noise(whatever the hell that may be)....but this is different. And a chunky phone which you can really hold.
Thats suitcase though! And nothing to about the four speaker combination power ( dope). I think all the gaming phone manufacturing company should follow this and include this amount of accessory for their gaming lineup smartphones. This turn turn a mobile gaming experience into more fun. Loved the video. I wish mkbhd also have made this kind of video ??
how much is this phone anyways?
Did you say ACER at 0:24 ??
Please give us a separate full review of the phone
Insane????
Better than IPhone XR
I see my next phone ??
I love the ROCK phone...
Best unboxing ever
ROG Phone...????????
Damn that's some pure raw power ????
Price?
That's my sort of thing....great unboxing
Please show the rog phone camera testing.
Good.you are by best youtuber
Now now. That's a trolley that's worth having !
shoutout to kanye
Mobile gamers are the scum of the gaming world.
COOL??
Asus ROG Phone #Likeaboss
I just skip whole video and only hear your outro ???? Anyone tell me which song it is ?
LIKE
This is the FIRST AND ONLY gaming phone out there.
Damn that a ???????? package Asus is not just making a gaming phone but they are going for a special ecosystem with all the accessories
The hardware is soooo good , but the game gallery is so poor on mobile phones , so is a pass for me .
Best YouTube Channel Yet..????
How many Phones Did you Have? Can i Get one Of your phone??????
Can I use the controller on a oneplus product or an other phone?
Awesome phone
looks like something you use in the mission impossible movies
Wow amazing , interesting !
Rogiculous
I need this sooo bad !! Omg But it will take very long to come to my place??
It's osm
Why are you making videos in a hurry? ??????
Awesome phone??????
I really think that this phone is severly underrated ..ts the best phone 2018 has to offer hahaha..I dont care wat any1 else thinks
Wow superb
Wow
Cool gameing phone looks hellgood
Omg
Asus Doing Great Job For Gamers Keep It Asus I'll Buy Your Gaming Phone Someday
Not that much different from a regular phone tho? I can play the same games with a cheaper phone
This is a gaming beast,but also this does not makes sense in 2018
If only I can afford the box they came in
Do we get all thes by buying this phn?
If you hate it. Give it to me ??
That's a monster
love the vids mrwhosetheboos
My favorite gaming phone. ??????
nahh razer phone 2 is much better, but I guess that's just me
Can I get ??
That was really insane. Bro can I have that suitcase please!! ??
Asus really changed the whole view of mobile gaming with the ROG phone. #LikeABoss
I want this phone man.plz give this one to me.plz??
Nice unboxing Ur from dude
9 minutes ago
Awesome bro
Rogg phone lmao.
It's insane
That's a lotta of accessories right there
Hit that like button first ????
Those speakers are impressive
Nice vid review. Keep it up!!
I saw the full video it's great
I'm first
when will u visit India??
Now that box is the best I've ever seen! (The phone's box, not the usual yellow box)
What the hell ????
wow impressive products seriously
ROG is maybe best gaming phone right now?????... Informative review... Thanks Bro
When the phone is more powerful than your PC ??
by the bro...I luvd your hoodie
What I can say is wow
Flagships should at least have a 90Hz panel like the ROG Phone
#mrwhosetheboss bro happy diwali
Whosethebossboiisss????
Bro just a request can you do a video on Whats on my phone pls i am missing those kind of videos
Wooooooooooooooooow. Nothing more.!!!!!!
Your the best my friend
Give away me one please?????????
I can only think about playing Diablo Immortal on the pc ??????
Honor magic 2 or Huawei p20 pro
wtf is with the shorts thumbnail????????
Hey
It looks like it was built for gamers... What a coincidence
Real early to a boss video
What do we have here? Owh! A giant box, must be a TV or something. Oh wait, it's a ROG phone!
Yoo man, that seriously was ridiculous..
Beautifil??
Nice phone sir give away that...please
102
Boht Hard. ??
1. Sub 2. Comment done 3. I’ll do the same??
¡Yo boss!??
What's with the bare foot photo?
Beast????????????
So amezing video... Sir....
Dope ??
I want the honor magic 2
1st
That phone is better than poco F1 and black shark
Hi Arun !
??
I want to buy it but i am in India
Completely irrelevant but... mate 20 pro or note 9... or any other suggestions?
??
lol ????????
That phone is nice????
all I asked for is a heart.
Wow
Will you please make a camera comparison between Rog to other
42nd view..keep up the good work.. ??
Plz Do A Comparison Video Between ROG & MI BLACK SHARK
Cool! ??
Very good phone sir
Nice
From where can i bought exact same this
Nice
Great video as always! Loving the tech content!
What the fuc. K
Two unboxing in the same week, only mrwhoosethebox can do this #bossstyle
wow
Can you give away that rog phone?
lol 41 views 81 likes
Rog phone good for gaming for me the best for gaming iphone
rog kit
no views 55 comments
Wow i literally don't know that phone! Like if you think I'm ignorant!!!
Nice mahnn????
So many first comments lol!
I'm your first viewer , I left Technical Guruji video to see it
1st
51 already
Nice video can you please do a video about Lenovo z5 pro next..
Nice
Lol i opened too soon
Nice
Good intro
Super bro
1st viewer and liker????
Sup
Like
First????
Yow
Hi
40 views 43 likes
Eight?
https://youtu.be/qXgF-iJ_ezE
First show me some love love from india
???
Hey mr who is the boss
First comment
Ofcourse it is
First
Nice
Arun is cool
First
Firsttttt!!!!!!
Hi
Literally the phone is just fabulous
The furst??
FIRST ok apparently not first
Second xD
Hello bro!!!!
First
First
Yo frist like
First view
wow
You best
Frist comment
First
Early squad
Second
First
First view first like
First
1
First
First one
First
First
Yay!
Nice
First
FIRST
Yes, it is !
Hi bro
First! I dunno what to say cuz I'm so early... Umm... I'm the "FIRSTER" guys! I had that role for the first time! I know there's no prize but... It's an achievement lol #NotificationSquad
Hey ...