Dont mind me asking but uh whats your graphic settings for 7 days to die coz im running my game on good quality specs and the game kinda looks dark even in the brighter part of the day.
Is this like a mod for skyrim or on the same engine??
I wish the console version looked this good
I've never played this game been considering buying it this video was very helpfull great work
Awesome!
Your voice is dope.
why didnt you check the box right above the entrance at the traders.... or the box in the right corner.... just curious could of been some good stuff in the munition boxes
good job
chujowa gra
I’m calling alpha 17 in February
i am going to watch this tonight i almost fell asleep to passionlips ‘sweet dreams’ beat cause it was so good but i will watch this now
I like this just got ps4 game of this
I like how you clipped this video. :) Looking forward to the next.
Hello Sir. Greetings from the UK. I have been following you now on your channel for well over six months and I just wanted to say, as a fan of this game, both on PC and console, I love your 'series' videos and enjoy watching the challenges you set yourself on this game. Very entertaining channel and I cannot wait for Alpha 17, to play myself and also to see what you will get up to. Keep up the great content mate. Cheers
is 64 enemies standard. i am back into 7 days im looking for a challenge but dont want to spend a month figuring out what a reasonably good player should set the setting to. anyone have suggestions? thanks.
YESSSSSSS! If only PS4 7 days to die was like this
Please do me a favor and put your night vision goggles on so you have at least 1 more spot open in your inventory.
Wait, what? No trader? Why the heck not? Its compatible with the 'Ramblin Man' theme, you find them, use them, move on. Maybe just use each one once, then mark them with an X on your map?
You forgot to Show Loot ON.
Very cool! I love starting new games in random gen and wandering. Don't overlook snow berries as a food source. You can eat 3 safely in a row every 1/2 hour or so in-game. Great way to keep you topped off between meals as you're rambling around.
I'm surprised you didn't take advantage of the secret well at the Traders to scavenge some of the stuff you can find there.
Awesome challenge. Glad theres another series up and going. Can't wait to see where this leads.
Nice new idea Glock
I decided to set up a world to torture myself I lasted 2 days it was insane difficulty zombies set to always run 200% block durability 50% loot
You said no crafting a storage, but why not use existing cabinets or other things?
You left a backpack in the first cabin you looted
Aside from the caveat about traders, this is more or less how I spend my time in the first 28 days or so. I try to plant a tree fort near one of those forge house POIs, then I roam around between bloodmoons. By day 20 or so I have plenty of mats to begin a serious fortification. I dont ramp the difficulty though, it just turns the Zeds into bullet sponges and "it takes longer" is not my kind of hard mode. Come A-17 I plan to expand on that by using the new vehicles and setting up a multiplayer server. I envision a clan using copters to scout for roaming hoards, bikes to skirmish and loot and at least one jeep to carry the nightly fortifications and other supplies. moving in a nomadic circle, following the respawn cycle around the map.
Lord knows i was born a ramblin man. Allman Brothers. Love it!
Another great series! So when you get the minibike, are you going to be living out of that storage as well or still just the backpack?
Looking forward to this series. Good stuff brother.
what happened to scum
So Glock just a suggestion for you... for a survival scenario where you don’t stay in one area and never build or store I would advise you to just go with full survivor and smelt everything you can into useable stuff... Iron into forged iron, led into bullet tips, brass into casings etc.
Me and my friend have done this challenge with not staying in the same spot. We also add the rule that we can not build or place any blocks unless we found frames inside of crates. We do use storage if the building has it.
woulda been better if you could use the trader.. you know, sell him those weapon parts, and buy food cans, water, in retrurn
Whenever you try a new modpack you should try Ravenhearst Insane cause me and my friend are playing that right now we are at day 4 or 5 it's Scary cause there are Scary New Zombies/Monsters
Looking forward to this season
I think 50% loot and not being able to use the trader is a bit much, doesn 't make sense to me except to make things harder for some reason. Love the series though! No hobos ever shopped when they had money?
Best of luck mate hope you do well this should be a good challenge you
After the first 30 seconds I was excited because you put the loot abundance on 50% and I’ve never watched someone do that
This reminds me a little of The Road Challenge in which you can only use things harvested on, next to, or reachable by a road. In addition you have to sleep on or next to one as well..
Love this idea! crazy hard :)
If you went down the well at the trader you'd get some good stuff
Got an idea from this I am going to try. Calling it Stumped, Trashy Vegetarian. Only veggies allowed for food. Can't only take what is found in trash or stumps. Can search other places, but not take unless in trash or a stump. What it comes down to is if someone might possibly own that item, then it can't be taken. Cars are off limits which will make it nearly impossible to get a Minibike. Going to be hard to refuel it as well. Nests are fine to scavenge, but not those inside a dwelling or shed. I don't expect to live more than a day or so because of the veggie rule, but what the heck?
always look forward to your series Glock.
good idea man, good first day, alpha 17? never heard of it, lol
This looks great. I'm not a big builder - it bores me. Are you going to put something outside each house to remind you that you have stayed there? After a while those houses start to look alike :)
don't keep brass or lead or plant fiber. your inventory space is too valuable to waste on those.
hey i did a play thru when i ran strait to the wasteland biome and never left...super hard..did it in nav gain so the bio was big..if a17 drags that might be a option for ya
Series like these are WAY more enjoyable than the house flipper series.
Love the idea man. You have some awesome gameplay! Glad to have been here since a few thousand subs!
I think you need a buddy to drag along like needs gaming has Simon . I am willing to be that person I love the game and already have a great name dollar bill blog a baby
no storage??? no staying in the same place?? no forge???? LOL, gl
You are deffinitly one of my favorite 7dtd gamers would like to see you do a modded series
not really big into making no containers but IF your going to use Workbenches and stuff, you should use Found containers, I think loot should have been normal.
I'm glad you're doing this series, I hope it stays around ?? When you first mentioned the idea, I really liked it and started a game, so it will be cool to see how you approach it.
It's a great start to a new series. Can't wait to see more. It's definitely a challenge I would love to try sometime.
Hi Glock, you should check out Patrol Gaming. He started a series very similar to this last week, he's called it The Hobo Series. Its good.
I've been trying to watch this episode comfortably but I've been shopping with the Mrs for the last two hours! Wish me luck guys!
This seems like a great challenge! You can also cancel quests on the quest page. There's a button that looks like an exclamation point with a crossed out circle.
The workbench was destroyed at the trader and that forge might be too. I'd say there's only about a 10% chance any crafting station you find in the world is functional in A16.
Does insane difficulty up your chances of finding better gear? Finding a iLvl 300+ club, a mining helmet and night vision in a single area, I would assume yes? lol.
That's going to be quite a challenge, going to enjoy watching that... Are you using any mods, or is it vanilla?  Do zeds not smell meat in your inventory anymore, or did they remove that mechanic from the game?
Will he be able to use a minibike basker?
Dude you're crazy with all your rules hahaha. Cool idea though man
This new series means no aloha 18 this year!
ZOMBIES ALWAYS RUN! This is too easy. But still, I love ya vids.
Excellent first day! This is going to be fun!
My week is made knowing that you started another 7 days campaign so quick! I was worried there would be a lull in time before seeing a other video Just another reason why I love your channel ?
Putting brass and lead in desk seems to break storage rule
You put a lot of restrictions on yourself. Wear the NVGs to free up an inventory slot! I also think that you may be making it too hard on yourself with the no trader rule, but it's your game.
I just watched it and I was wondering where the next episode was, then realized you just uploaded this one today. I am dumb
Here's another challenge for you: Put yourself in the top left corner of the map, so extreme North West, as far as you can go. So basically use "teleport -1950 1950". And then "settime 1 4 0" to begin at dawn on the first day. Then start heading South East. When you get to the extreme South East corner of the map, mark your time, in game days, hours, and minutes. Then your fans can try to beat that time with the same seed and identical conditions. The rules are: you can take any route you want. Take shelter as needed. Scavenge and craft as you go. But if you die, you're out. It's approximately 5 1/2 kilometres from corner to corner. The guy who gets to 1950 -1950 the fastest, wins. Edit: I just tested this challenge out with the seed "CornerToCorner". I made it by 8 pm on day 2.
Why not just smelt the brass and things in the forge now?
im at school!
That is an amazing challenge looking forward for the next episodes
Is Ramblin Man a reference to the Allman Brothers?
You need a trader, so does this mean you cant use your storage on your mini bike ether? No storage sounds kinda lame and unfun in my books.
Love the new series
You can wear the NV goggles with your mining hat Glock. It counts as a pair of Glasses, not a helmet or hat <3 Lovin the series and happy to see you open with a new one cx Cant wait to see what you get into!
Hey 50% loot and u get this OH Vraccas
Nomad type of game eh? I'm not sure about the no trader thing. Barter has always been a part of humanity.maybe just no secret stash and no putting points in barter ?
Love the concept! Hardcore survival...nice!
Wear the night-vision ... saves you space.
Liked this before I even watched it..This dude knows the game inside out..Greatest game ever for me..Keep them coming sir..
i did the same but also some more things i did and you should also add: 1: you are not allowed to use shotguns. 2 ak-47 and silenced cannot be used with more than 50 bullets (except from the magazine loaded) per day, and 3: you must craft at least one gun before the first bloodmoon or you break your leg-by doing this you learn how to advance quickly. if you agree with any of these please add them. the 3rd one is the most difficult.
What about mini bike basket? Id say its fair game to use but thats just me.
Great first day!
It's truely a challenge, though i think you should allow yourself chests. Not like a central depot, since you will be moving all the time. But if you search a bunch of houses, you would drop all the stuff at one place and decide in the end what to take away. With 30 days until respawn i wouldn't count these as a depot. Or, regarding the forge, why not leave the melted stuff in it or closeby? Real hardcore otherwise would be like - you are not allowed to use the forge at the same place twice, meaning you have to disassemble it and take it with you. In the end it's your rules, and you always make it an adventure to watch you. And since you promised to play this way already, don't change it, but maybe be a little nicer to yourself next time.
I love this series already
Your gonna die lol
Just a thought, doesn't that type of trader post have 2 munitions boxes? Should be a room above the main gate with one, and one in a watch tower in the back corner.
7 Days to Die: Nomad's Land
Glock, I'm curious if you take a peek at the random gen worlds you use in your series, not so much memorizing or trying to map it out, just a quick overview to make sure it isn't full of water?
Sooooo, Alpha17? Do you know anything? I recall you mentioning something about September...
I think you should put most of your skills into scavenging, will be more useful than crafting on the go.
I don't agree with your take on not trading - if anything that is more what a ramblin man would do! Very fun new series idea though, I'm going to start one up myself! Cheers!
Great video bud! The difficulty settings change the amount of hp the zombies have. Can't wait for the update
Why are you using POI? Current or prior Military or just something you picked up from games? Just a rarely heard acronym outside military circles.
Always get a boneshiv from your first zombie!
Awesome new show man, keep it up!
Don't forget to put on your NVG.. you have no other glasses on and they'r takin up a spot in inventory.
I'd call that a good first day. I like this form of challenge. Not staying at the same POI more than once will definitely make it harder.
Holy hell! Tough, tough rules here man
Can we have longer videos please Glock?. 45 mins like GameEdged does always seems more enjoyable
Yeah, hardcore baby. I was hoping you'd do this hardcore version of nomad style. Looking forward to this series.
Any stipulations on the mini bike when you get 1? Like no basket for storage etc
Awesome to see a new series! Any chance of another Scum video? Looks like an interesting game but is there a storyline or objective besides survive? (Singleplayer wise that is)
This looks really cool I think you should utilize the traders though, almost a caravan type trader. I think it would help keep the series viable.
This is an amazing idea for a series, well done.
Another 7days restart, this shit aint gonna keep your channel alive. its time to move on.
hmmmm, this rambling man series doesn't appeal to me, but wish you the best in it, glock9.
Hi Glock, this look awesome, question tho, why don't you put on the night vision and open up a spot and i agree with some one else said you should be able to use the trader because nomads and such would use trader/store ETC for supplies and such, keep em coming and of course Tigress Hugiess!!!
Glock has become my zombie guy on YouTube
Awesomeness! Thanks for keeping us entertained as we wait for A17.
Why don't you just make a series Play it until a17 make it always run no airdrops make it like a real scenario if the world came to an end you wouldn't have any airdrops you only can use the stuff you find and make
Putting the brass and lead in the desk would be utilizing storage and breaking your own rules
Remember to search tree trunks for honey
My friend, you should use the stone shovel on stones in the beginning to bring your mining tools up, the stone axe only affects your construction tools. Common mistake.
Good episode. This will be a good series. Although, I do think you should rethink the trader thing because if you think about it, rl world backpackers will use stores for things such as food and stuff. Also, the trader might be your saving grace...just a thought.
Will we celebrate your 80th birthday around the time Alpha 17 launches?
You may have checked this but are you sure that the forge is not a destroyed forge? Also, did you notice that the workbench at the trader was a destroyed workbench?
If it's on insane why are they walking I thought they run all the time? Correct me if I'm wrong.
You should try out the starvation mod to ramp up the difficulty. I think you'll love it. Got eaten by an alligator on my last run while fleeing from a feral, busting my legs in the process.
Ah ,earliest i've ever been woohoo on plenty of series before A17 Glock :D
Like this comment if you think glock should live stream these before he uploads
Will you at least get to use the basket on your mini bike when you get one? i vote yes as it travels with you.
Hello glock you are the best YouTuber good luck
I love your videos
You forgot to turn on airdrops you always say to turn them on but you always forget to turn them on
Glock m8...how many new series will you make...?
New series
Whee..... A new series.... Please don't make it Perma-Death..
Yay new series!
hi
Im new to this game do tutorial plz