Good Morning #CappNation. Be sure to subscribe if you aren't already. Making our way to 75k baby!! ? Support On Patreon: https://goo.gl/CmLKbh ? Discord Server: https://discord.gg/qD5qdsY ? Capp00 Merchandise: https://goo.gl/LtgVoe
Great job Capp as usual
Yeah my experience here ended just about how the walking dead did.
I hated the prison as a base. The perimeter is rather large which makes it impractical to defend. Whenever I left the base for too long, some sleepers would spawn inside. It's fine for a temporary base, but would not recommend for long term.
Ask that a Prison Guard and you´ll spend time there.
I would like to see a bigger horde, maybe one with cops against the prison. great video as always
Yes this is the best place for a pre built base. I used it without upgrading it for 3 horde cycles. I was on day 317 using that base tell part of the inside that had my crafting things like forges and cement mixers and farm got reset. My outside wall was still up but that made me quit along with no updates for a year. I might comment a pic if the base under here
@Capp00 I just wanted to ask if you could do a video idea I just had, that being the refurbishing of the Prison, or other POI's in 7 Days To Die. Also I think everyone else who does 7 Days to die videos should band together and help support 'The Fun Pimps' if anyone knows anything about coding please see if it is at all possible to get Alpha 16 running on console, maybe even a fundraiser of sorts. Sorry I got carried away with ranting, I Like all your Videos.
Do zombies just...Expire? I’ve definitely been around zombies and they just drop dead after a while. I’m playing on the console version
Me and my brother have been using the prison for horde night for nearly 100 days and it's still going strong. We've built a second exterior wall with spikes and we've started on some catwalks between the towers with a tree and plant farm and a mine in the middle and the mine leads to and underground bunker
Hey Capp, do you use any kind of visual enhancers (Similar to what you'd do in fallout with reshade). Your game looks a bit crisper then mine despite my settings being maxed, I need to know your secret.
The only place in real prison where there are no doors are the bathroom..??
dont you mean glock. as you both speak the same.
god test and i have used the prison as a perma/horde base before and nothing got in only thing i did was put wood frames all the way rounds so i could kill em all lol
what happened to your subsitence playthrough? It's such an underrated game, please play more.
Is this a worst case scenario test where you got caught out during horde night without weapons that’s why you weren’t shooting from the catwalk all night?
Yeah if you want to make this a base your going to have to go around and place wood frame blocks where all the zombies spawn points are because just putting your bedroll down doesn't work. The prison is bigger than the bedroll safezone of 15x15 so if you block all the spawn points with the wood frame blocks then you can live here easily.
issue with the prison and with all premade buildings, is sleepers... it seems safe, but, go exploring and return to a prison full of tenants... and lower levels ok, but on higher levels... hehe. well its gona be fun!
The roof of Zoes , has a ladder on the outside to get up, I break the bottom step, so the zombies can't get up. Zoes has buttresses, all around the outside for sight lines down the walls that are I believe 6000 hit points each. Also Joe's building site, the platform near the top of the building has a girder extending out to the part of the crane, that does not collapse, when you or the zombies knock down the main part. If you stay up on the crane, the zombies just run around under you during a horde night. Even if you stay on the platform beside the crane, the zombies do little to no damage to the girders holding up the building, they just run around the girders, looking for a way up.
I used to live on top of that building. Very easy to defend!
Good vid man, I can't wait to have a pc that can handle this game well, been playing on console but building a beast in about a month.
TL;DR warning The best building armor in this game is air. To exploit this, your blood moons should be fought on platforms outside the reach of anything but barf or fliers. Start by finding some reasonably flat terrain. Build a solid, flat foundation on top of that, and slope up to it with shallow ramps. Using 5x5 or 7x7 pillars, construct a ring around the outskirts of your foundation, four to each side (12 total). The hollow interiors will house electric fence posts triggered by trip wires, saving an enormous amount of power. Access for drawing cables between the pillars can be created with a sideways hatch on a fence post without compromising structural integrity, and preserve the posts from stray damage. Lay barbed wire flat to your foundation in a ring beneath the electric fence. In the center of the platform, build a keep to your liking, and protect the keep and pillars from spider climbing by skirting them with inverted spikes. Any ground-level surface that isn't an open access point should also be skirted with spikes. Stretch a catwalk network between it and the pillars. This is where you'll fight your blood moons, standing over open space on catwalks just outside the reach of the dozens of zombies constantly milling about beneath you. If a friend can stand on the open-air catwalk across from you, you both can shoot at the zombies beneath each others' catwalks. With enough ranged cover, you can realistically send a looter down to gather supplies before corpses disintegrate. You may want a ramp entrance from outside your facility to avoid zombies breaking down a ground-level door, and a way for you to get your bikes in and out of your base. Random hordes may approach from any direction, and most of them will either die, lose limbs on a pass into and out of the space between your pillars and keep. For day-to-day activity, place things like campfires and forges inside your keep, but not at ground level (which shouldn't have a door anyway). Build your pillars up a bit higher, and construct a flat platform ring around their tops. Then place a dirt ring on top of that. Instant farm. (5 dirt wide for a 7x7 pillar). If need be, build up higher and construct a second farm ring on top of that. Sunlight will reach the lower layers as long as you don't wall them in, but one farm ring should be enough. __The reason I bring this up is that with modifications, the prison can be the perfect template for this style of base.__ Of course, PVP will change things up a bit. If 100% claim blocks are on, you can build yourself a nice tunnel network outside the base and place difficult-to-spot spiderholes, using soft materials, from which to snipe at players probing your base's defenses or engaged with your allies. If you would like a sniper tower, "wood windows" provide a nice dazzle camo effect and make it difficult to spot people in the tower. A few can be rotated out to shoot from. Not much experience in destructible base mode, but I would be more inclined to hide.
Great video I had a similar experience when I held up in the police station one night. They broke through the concrete walls but couldn't get through the cell door. It was funny
You can go into the towers above the cells
I always try to base in a prison ????
I was turning the prison into a base towards the end of A15, it's pretty solid but one important thing to note is to place player-made blocks everywhere... Zombies spawned inside on the other end of the prison and got me D: Also make sure to build against Spider Zombies, they got me the second time X'D Great vid as always Capp!
@Capp00 do you know of anyway to fix the chunk glitch in a random gen world. This is my second random gen that got ruined by this glitch.
Idea for a few episodes. Maybe after you do a few of these, you go back and redo an old one, but with a far later day horde, like a 200ish one, and see if they could hold up in later games
Have you tried the house on stilts in the middle of one of the lakes for a horde night?
great vid as always tks capp
Guess what isnt out yet.... 17.
Hi Cap, can you test that can burnt forest alter regular forest?
Hey wild idea what about a jail door "wall" zombie defense base. Where all the walls are the jail doors. Just a thought I might have to try myself. ??
I've used the prison poi a lot, and I can tell you its a great place to hold up for a little while, but on random maps its often built on top of sand. :( Which means if you build any trenches or use earthworks the moment the zombies ddig under the walls then you've got a serious issues on your hands.
Still want you to try and shoot down the air drop plane.
You should dock Sylvia’s pay.
u deserve so many more subs!!!
Nice video Capp.
To be fair this is not a solid test. U did this for day 35 hord. Now try day 140 and ur already in quite a different story.
Capp attack
#Capp00 U should try the Colosseum across from the school as a horde base
How about trying fall damage with max height difference? like.... +50 blocks high/up/into the air base down to bedrock? Maybe that'd affect some zombies that took no damage in the previous fall damage video.
do you have t-bag reflexes? 2:43 3:38 11:20
Can you make a tutorial how to put own make buildings in world seed generator archive? If already you make it, pass me the video,my intention is make replicas of other famous game scenarios and share with everyone. Thx a lot.
How can you play 60fps full resolution?
Now I want a pc badly,this game on pc looks and is better,we'll most games are
Lol the safest place on pc is the trader,you can live in the trader during night if you modify the closing time,must be funny seeing a day 7 horde just trying to get on but are punching essentially bedrock
Some paint, a couple of smg turrets, and maybe a bit of air freshener and it would make a neat castle/fort. :)
Damn you Sylvia! After everything Capp has done for you, you continue to betray
Friday evening.. a glass of 12 year Glenfiddich.. and the newest Capp video! now thats a good way to start the weekend :) great video Capp!
Me and my m8 made a base from the jail pritty cool whit a spike pit around it mini bike garage small mine and 2 walk ways the orginial small rebuild to that and one around the tower 's :D Sadly we cant play long some times ....:duo bugg:/error :(
I wouldnt stay there anyhow... the ambient sounds there annoy me(im not scared, you are!) Plus the mines in the area, they can make you shit yo pants :D
Heyo, Capp. Love your science vids, mayn! Thank you!
The zombies always go straight to the position of the player. If they can walk under you, all they will do is break through anything in their way towards that position and do no further harm. Some bladetraps under your position will nicely dispose of them. By varying you position a bit, you can guide them around, to prevent one bladetrap bearing it all alone. Put the bladetraps on the iron bars and have a room beneath them, then you can repair the bladetraps through the iron bars from below. The zombies dont care if you are above or below them, they are kinda two dimensional.
The prison is indeed on the console version's
u did my sugestion im gona have to watch ive wonderd how well it would work against a horde for a wile
Roger: One day i'll get that hug in... one day
Really enjoyed the courtesy tea-bagging. ??
Yes
9:05 It's not betrayal if you betrayed her first. #Sylviadidnothingwrong On a more serious note, it's funny that you posted this now, because I just found this for the first time on my single player world the other day. Never seen it in random gen. Cool place though, and good to know it can withstand a horde
Like it. Might make it my main base. Thanks for your time.
So capp00 if you have a wrench you can take the mobile spot lights I took the ones at the missle base lol great video btw
Thanks for the video Capp00. I made this a base once with a garden out front but I forgot where it was located.
Awesome video as always, I was just wondering what if you built a base only from prison cell doors or any other doors, will zombies attack from one direction or will they try every possible door to get you?
Ahhh im feeling so bad because i started in random house and i have a lot of stuff (day 88) and i reinforced it but i want move to prison because it looks awesome and strong
I use that as a base in one of my playthroughs. Not for hordes though because it’s not really set up for that.
Man you should watch this horde video. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ARfIhypkk3U Worst players ever but damn funny as hell. Funnies shit ever specially if you are a good player like you.They should probably colab with with someone like you to put their shit together:)
Capp00 I would suggest that you test it with a higher Gamestage. On my Day 35 horde I had several Cops, Feral Whites, and Hawaiians. If someone is really grinding the resources, and playing on 2 hour days, they will have a high gamestage, and the above Zombies would do a lot more damage than that weak horde that you had.
Ok
You should do a survival series
Can u pin me
hey Capp great video thank you. I have a premise that you might like to explore. A steel block wall vs a vault door wall. My thinking is as a steel block is 12000 hps it should be better than a vault door. However although a vault door is 8000 it has three layers of 8000. So in theory the door wall should last longer unless the second and third layers degrade faster.
Great video as always, thank you for this. The prison is absolutely amazing as a base, with some fortifications, and clever ingenuity, you can not only double the walls, build catwalks on the exterior, and dig a mine right inside with a farm, it's just too bad that on navezgane, it's way out where it is ??
Zero dislikes that’s how it should be
test if zombies path around ramps on their sides
Very interesting. With the zombies being able to dig with the alpha 17 I am going to have to start thinking creatively with base building. I liked your treehouse vids, maybe I will try that.
At least we know it’s safe to drop the soap
Love the videos man. keep up the great work
The real question is, updates will they ever happen? With Tell Tale shuttin down probably not
Anyone else excited for Alpha 17? Capp's gonna have a LOT of stuff to experiment with all the new features
I found a cave at 1029 S 752 W Can you check it out?
Do you use the simple UI mod with no extra storage?
I don't know about anyone else but this reminds me of a episode in the Walking dead, were the survivors held up base, it's perfect, you got zombies, you got death, what else could you ask for. Thank you Capp for making an great episode, also could you and Glock do a build challenge on the prison, it might be short but I'd watch it. Keep on being you
I find teh prison makes a good starting block, but as is, its not very useful. At the very least i like to add a moat and spikes. You can make some fun mazes/gun trap layouts though :) Happy Friday, hope you have a good weekend
Great video bud! I love the prison. It's secure and durable. Just need some tweaks. ??
Wow really good
11:24 teabagging? :D
Me and a buddy completely redid the prison took forever and a day awesome vid capp #Cappnation
3:40 i love how you did a little teabag lol
Ha!! I built in Prison before I like it!
Superb video Uncle Capp... Please start 'Scavenger' in the next video.. I'm waiting..
Yeah. German Beer. And Capp's Videos. ??
Thank you for the tour! I have not run across the prison yet! Great to get a preview!