is it youtube or when you start riding the bike you kinda start to lag
Nice super. Well done bro all very cool shot!
una pregunta  ya salio la alpha 17  alguien sabe cuando saldra 
do you ever play valmod its amazing basically alpha 17 lol so many more recipes... lock picks you can craft for gun safes.. more guns.. red bull to drink and run 100-mph ...just sooo much more than vanilla the list goes on and on.. more zombies... bigger backpack...legendary itemsgunstools
if they improve the graphics i would come back but there just to dated for me
can i enjoy the game without any people is this online i donyt have anybody to play with tho but i like games like dayz
I’m actually disappointed that you’ve never seen that trader, he is the first, the official,the original Trader Joel the owner of the business
What the balls man
The half-life within which uranium-238 falls to lead-206 is 4.46 billion years. After 4.5 billion years (the alleged age of the Earth), there would have to be at least the same amount of lead as uranium on the surface. Of course, there are elements that have even longer half-life. Since the common man can imagine these unimaginably long periods poorly, the current leadership of physics is considering introducing a new SI time unit. Here, the scale of the elapsed time no longer counts the years, but the time the Funpimps need to get from one Alphastate to the next. The so somewhat awkwardly abbreviated unit with the name 7D2D-A2A describes thus much understandable half-lifes of e.g. thorium for which were previously accepted 14.05 billion years, now simply with 1.33742 7D2D-A2A.
Love the channel. Does anyone know how to reduce the minimum value for player Heath under 70 in the xml files I'm trying to make a mod but I'm stuck in this and can't find it anywhere. Thanks for the help
can you break all those washer down for electric and mechanical parts
Awesome video!
At 1730 there is a well bunker house off to the right good loot
wooo you finally drove by the town I set up my main base in...btw the trader is the snow biome...there's another very close to the west same biome
That trader is even on Navezgane, not far from where I usually make my first base. Not super common in RWG, but they do pop up.
Sell Machety knifes !
Ah good thing you teamed up with Baryshnikov the augerologist!
Kickz i dont believe That the blue building with the double roof is a thing in vanilla...
Kickz why why WHY do you loot with full inventory when your bike inventory was empty It just hurts my soul!
It's trader Joe. House
If your wellness under 100 which it was eating a meat stew will give its max wellness (+5) taking u to 103 ) and trader was selling 1.
That's one of the great things with this game - even with all the hours you've put in, you can still find new POIs that you haven't seen like that trader (and yeah, the one with the towers and the secret underground bit that you were thinking of is the one that spawns in the snow biome). Sadly the blue house you were hoping to find (yeah, we know what you're looking for ;) ) is from compoPack (and you're right - running animals over with the bike is a mod only thing as well - it got removed from vanilla when they went from A15 to A16 - one easy way to tell (because it's part of a small pack of bike fixes that several mods use) is if you can open your map (or inventory) while you are on the bike, then you should also be able to run over animals (and zombies)).
My NightsDays are max length and i have set to have 32 zombies and medium-low dificulty D A fun game, when i finish the base will change to medium hard.
I never sell SMG S
traders at 577, 567 and just to the north east, 430, 1018
lol this is the town i started at
Your're really dependent on that auger. I make subways with whatever tools i need if i have cement mixers. I have stone for days and night travel is easier. Sure, it is a buttload of grind, but the stone is worth it. That laundry mat looks like a good place for an early horde base.
Who else rewind the video to see kicks reaction when he found auger in the secret stash
Another trader at 1024n 1142w
If the trader has a bookcase behind him you can actually loot it.
Mr Kickz this is the tunnel I was talking about httpswww.youtube.comwatchv=BX-3oaopGic&t=6s
I do not know about pc, but on console you can run over zombies and animals with the minibike and kill them. It could also depend on the version being played, maybe I have a video of the 1st base that me and my roommate built, on my channel. It is from a few years ago, when I 1st got into the game. Never finished it, but it worked for every horde night we did until we started a new game
Good video
kickz has never been to that trader that i know of, i've watched all his episodes since alpha 15.2 starvation mod. also finally on the auger and that blue house is not in vanilla.
I play on console so not sure if all things are the same. But I search the empty tree stumps and get guns, gun parts, food and clothing. And that desert with the high hills could be good for oil shale. Dig ground level into the side of it. I've found shale at all different depths, but seem to find most at -33 and deeper. I'm always mining for it. And that trader is my favorite. Such a nice guy. Lol. If I get lots of gun parts on a loot run, I assemble them just to clear room in inventory, then disassemble at trader. I run over any animal and zombies when they aren't looking. Takes a lil away from bike strength
Kickz the blue house your looking for isn't a vanilla spawn, its modded
You should tear down the tents to get cloth it's annoying to sell but they take up to 1500 cloth at atleast 3 dollars a piece and selling em 1 by 1 raises barter quick
Im playing on same seed and The City you have found today is were i started There is police station next to big crack book
Funny story about those oil refineries A few months ago myself and 2 friends were looting one of those buildings. We'd just gotten bikes and stumbled across it and decided to grab as much fuel as possible while we could. As per we swept the building clearing it of zeds before we got to looting it. Just as we got back downstairs, to the room where u got all the barrels from, we hear a lot of banging on the door that construction guy came in. I got this, don't worry. says one of my friends. She heads to the door we turn to grab the barrels. Next thing we know she's shouting her head off and I see her run straight past me closely followed by 6 feral wights (Benny Hill style). The 7th one clocked me and before I could react, due to laughing so hard, took a running swing at me. Fortunately he missed me, unfortunately he did hit the barrel I was stood in front of about to collect when this fracas started, which subsequently exploded, which in turn caused the barrels surrounding it to also explode killing all 3 of us and the server. A quick restart later (sarcasm it took nearly an hour lol) and we load back in on our beds as expected. Being just down the road (10 mins on bike) we decided to grab our back up gear and head back to retrieve everything we'd lost. Upon our arrival we were greeted by the spectacle of witnessing the explosion again, from outside this time, 4 more times as after each explosion the part of the building that got blown out, repaired itself and a couple of seconds later would explode again. We still haven't retrieved our bags.
If you aren’t using Compo pack you won’t have that blue building
There's no blue house in vanilla. Oil shale machine was a thing in Starvation.
I don't know if anyone has noticed but the dihong tower said slow sounds like dies young.
A while back you could run over game entities. I remember you doing it a few times, but it was some time ago.
Kickz, I've been commenting for about a year, for you to go loot the Oil Refineries!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
you should look for a trader just south of the dessert town ;)
Oh hey, that's the trader where I got an Auger on Day3 D
Gesundheit
Also, be sure to check the bookcase behind where the trader is standing. Sometimes it has schematics in it, and there’s a bunker in a well in one of the houses near the academy, in town.
I bet your took smithing is pretty high, you can make a new auger blade! Great video!
That’s my city and my trader! He’s actually the nicest trader I’ve ever been to. D
The only thing from laundry is when you just need a lot of parts you can rip down all the machines.
I think the point of the laundromat is to level up your scavenging skill quickly looting all the machines
kickz you have auger but do you know how to repair it and all  if you don't, auger only good until it breaks
probably this serie will get 200 episodes before alpha 17 releases
I think the blue house is only in War of the Walkers Kickz
The crates you hate is the random shipping crates, and just the name give it away, so it would be that they need to remove,
Kickz the blue house with the ammo crates is not in vanilla!
Do you guys feel like Alpha 17 is never coming
We have them in consol version
You never seen that Trader! I've found them on my console games which means they've been around since A15 haha
In my opinion you should paint the second row grey bricks like the first row.
i hear from some one that A17 is comming next year , i hope not but if it is then we have to wait a little bit more
You could make a “waffle and grind” series and I would still watch it. ??
When alpha 17 comes out you could build a base like the trader and try surviving i did it on my xbox one it is very challenging by best base i every had i got to day 150 before my console crashed