4 years later and the game looks exactly the same.
Just keep coming back to this
0:06 wuts the song name? I remember hearing that song a long time ago
“I’m about to thirst to death” (Gavin Free)
you just have it in your inventory and hit cook and it comes out in output it's easy once you get used to it
Jesus fuck when one of you guys said o there's a horde coming I shit you not I look out the window of the place i'm looting and I see a horde passing by. lol wtf
Ryan and jack, you never know who is talking because they sound EXACTLY THE SAME
Crazy how the old version of 7 Days is much better than the new version.
16:35 lol all them beating on that zombie reminds me of this https://youtu.be/W4tVH7BPb-Q?t=78
This game have come a long way, I remember that radar.
The progress this game has made is awesome unlike some other zombie survival game (cough cough) dayz standalone
nice to see you keep it up to date, thank you very much
This game looked bad 3 yrs ago
Who else is re-watching this series in 2017?
two full guns in s safe; the good ol days till those retard developers decided to ruin it with updates
Not bad its entertaining but I have never been a fan of time cuts in LP vids because it leaves out stuff like where you guys found a sledgehammer and stuff and what led to the hole thing starting. Also maybe an indicator that shows who is talking?
This game changed a lot OMG!
God i miss this version of 7 days god i would pay 100's to get it
i'm so glad they came back to this
Just watched the other videos of 7D2D, and now how is Geoff the first one with an axe?
amazing that they are still making videos with this game 3 years later. Also the game has come a long way in 3 years.
This game looks different now. Much better.
its amazing how far this game has gone, it's so much better now, not that it was bad during this build
That potted plant shoulda been a shirt 'I take him everywhere with me'
Had to come back an watch some old 7 days to die. Love watching them play this. Can't get enough! Almost 2 million views? Nice!
9:45 GameSocietyPimps
Just realized the house they're in at 32 mins looks almost exactly like the one they use in their latest Let's Play.
Watching this again i realized Geoff was much better before in this game than he is now!
This game looks way better now in 2016.
Watching this after recently finishing 7 Days of 7 days to Die and it's really amazing how far this game has come. I've been playing this game off and on for a while now and I'd forgotten just how broken this game was in it's earlier stages. The progression is just so much better now, AH did a good thing waiting to give this game a serious playthrough.
now this is og ah
This game looks so different now!
i remember 2 years ago, seeing that barbed club reminded me of negan. now that thought is even more relevant.
the health/etc bars here are way better than in the update. Wish these developers would leave well enough alone
That game was Nice back in the days
getting hyped for 7 days of 7 days to die
So 11 episodes 9 hours of video BINGE IT!!!!
"I'm gonna dehydration to death" Gavin 2014
2014 "This game is in Alpha still." 2016 This game is in Alpha still.
I like how they went back to this vid to change the title so ppl don't get confused
Wow, I've been playing this on Xbox One and the game is very different now.
Sees barbed club... cries hysterically
spider goats now rabbit dolphins they need to stop messing with nature
Still a more complete game than no mans sky.
wow this games changed so much since it came out on console.
quick survival tip for you end of days survivors dont fuking eat rabbit without a fat
Man I forgot how different it was...
better than the updated version with the stupid fucking schematics, as if this game wasn't hard enough
Definitely one of their best series
22:32 Go Gavin! Dig down to China and get help!
shovel your ass
The characters look like Ted Danson
did they change the title of this video?
They were a lot quieter back then
it's disappointing looking at how smart the zombies are here and how dumb and boring they are in console
how come the pc looks different?
Who's this Roy guy? /s
"breaking rocks in the hot sun, I FOUGHT the LAW, and THE LAW WON."
Game looks so much better on PC.
Jesus this let's play came out two years ago...
After more than two years of development, I think they've actually managed to make this game worse. Still a ton of fun to watch, but having owned it for a while now, it's not really that fun to play...
did they add pc to the title?
I decided to try the 3 way bacon burger from Hardee's... The experience was very underwhelming, not worth the money
Oh they changed the names of the videos. it now says "for PC."
I liked when Gavin started digging, Jack made a joke about Hogan's Heroes.
After watching the new one it makes me want ray back to the crew :(
9:45 - 9:57 does that house and barn look very similarly to where Geoff and Jeremy were in the new video
Saw these a while ago then just saw the new one and now watching these cause they are better
I watch these first then the new one then came back
They changed the title
Years later... still in alpha
They all sounded much different two years ago.
God i miss you Roy..
22:36 Ryan with the Hogan's Heroes reference that probably no one in the office got, and maybe only 1% of the audience will get. And I thought I couldn't like Ryan more. I was wrong
Damn, it's been over two years since this video came out :/
wait....wheres lil j?
I just noticed that whoever edited this did a bad job. It could just be that some of AH didn't do a good sync but the editors should have noticed and fixed that.
I fell asleep with this in the background and I wake up to an rt podcast commercial???? anyone else have this?
Intro music?
Who else is watching this after seeing the new one
Nostalgia brought me back.
Just watched their recent upload playing this on the console and instantly came back to watch this video again lol
WOW, two years ago???
sucks Michael missed out on this amazing lets play series
no offense but your tareble at this game
i would probably play this game but it is so ugly i just cant bring myself to buy it
i miss ray
so half way through the video i thought it was the xbox version and that ray was just a special guest, now ive realised what it really is...
You gise can play it on Xbox one!
they need to do a new lets play in this game
26:54 Ryan's Daryl DIXON
25:17 Jack's Negan from the walking dead
i miss ray :c
Can we come back to this please? Like, now that this is on xbox, id love if you guys played it every once and a while!
"She's showing me her growler" ~Gavin Free
this game looks super cheap
anyone else notice the bong at 27:32?
bast game
gavin: "can someone shoot me in the head?" geoff: "where are you gavin?" no hesitation lol. then he asked jack if he was ready to die with his gun pointed
It is refreshing to see and hear everybody being calm, speaking softly, and getting along lovely-like. Shame they probably can't achieve this sort of thing nowadays :/
Do an Xbox lets play featuring Ray
pee band-aid lol
What happened to Ray
While I was watching, I wondered when a console version would come out. I looked it up, and it came out yesterday. What were the chances?
this is my favorite let's play series they've done. I'd love them to come back to it now that the game is on consoles
Watching this in preparation for the console letsplay!
Watching this in preparation for the console letsplay!
Michael needs to be here to tell jack to shut the fuck up
this like the walking dead and ARK
More blueberry pie
i know i'm gonna get hate from this but.... i don't miss Ray. Never really liked him....
I need to know if I should buy this game or not, and I would be buying it on console because my friends don't have PCs
I need to know if I should buy this game or not, and I would be buying it on console because my friends don't have PCs
I just realized after watching this 4 times that namworb is Brownman backwards.
Play this again please and more gmod!!! Love your vids so much!
It'd be great if the Achievement Hunters came back to this game when it comes out on consoles at the end of this month, these lets plays were fun!
So Ryan's Daryl Jack's Negan and Gavin is... Sledgehammer Man?
I miss team lads
man i want them to make this a series when it comes out on console
This series and Prop Hunt are probably my favorite Lets Plays
17:59 oohh eww why Growler? is it angry?
ok so honest question: is this game worth getting or is it another the forrest/minecraft clone ?
What if... They treated it like the walking dead, where they have a big cast, and once someone dies, they're out of the seven days to die lets play series
They really should carry on playing this. It's improved, and I think it'd be a good minecraft replacer for a bit. Honestly so sick of minecraft
jack is negan confirmed
Who else is excited for this game to release on console?
Is this on ps4 as well?
Loved this video. Pleas make another video:)
They announced it on Xbox yay they should start it again on there
"How do I put crossbow in bolt?"
GHOST RAY!!!
This video is nearly 2 years old, feels just like yesterday
Hello from March, 2016
Im so glad Ray hadn't left before this!
Play more 7 days to die, please.
I finally got this running well, I spawned in a charred area and got hit by a burning zombie
Geoff with that blackjack
this game is so much better now, they should play it again now.
i miss ray playing with the rooster teeth group
Wobbly Scraglification?
Should really consider playing this again, it's been improved significantly since this.
hardcore ray. taking out zombies with his fist.
35:13
??????
Love 7 Days to Die
These guys have such generic names haha. I love it.
Nice Video , i like it.
I could've done that with two less redstone
were is Michael?
I wish they would continue this gameplay.
At 3:55 I swear they lowkey missed a supply box
They should totally play more of this game. Minecraft is getting seriously boring. The only thing that is worth watching is GTA 5.
I'm gonna dehydration to death.
46:19 "how do we know he's not infected" -gavin free ;)
more
Forever laughing because ray went "Oh... That's a bandaid... Pee bandaid."
lol thirst to death
You guys can say Jack isnt funny in this video or many others but i dont care he seems funny to me, he kinda reminds me of me when first start playing with someone on another persons server.
I laughed so hard at 10:09 for some reason xD
Hey Gavin, "it puts the lotion in the basket"
Sounds like Seth Rogan
Please more
This was my favorite series
ryan the weapon guy
is it me or do they all look like Marshall from How I Met Your Mother (In The Game)
Really do hope this becomes a recurring series like on a thursday or sunday
Jack is using Lucille, Negan will not be happy
"I've dug a hole, now I'm stood in the hole. I found a shovel and I dug it." Gavin Free...what a minge.
does any one know how they were all able to play in a private game? trying to have my buddy join my world and dont know how
This game sounds kinda fun ya sure it's gameboy
Is Ray Black?
PLease sync
Re-watching old videos... RAY'S BACK, oh wait...
ONE YEAR ANNIVERSARY!
Ryan: "It's a lumberjack zombie, look, he's * lumbering * BOMP" Everyone else: * Groans * 5:13
THATS WHAT U GET FOR HURTING A DAWG JACK!!!!!!
Why is Gavin so dume
Why is Gavin so fume
Sorry but I found it hard to sit and watch this "exploration" by newbes. Everyone doing their own thing and everyone's so uncoordinated. People searching stuff others have searched, one person getting killed by a zombie while everyone else does their own thing. And when serveral of you guys attack a zombie, I saw some really lame attacks. Come on, it's only one lame ass slow zombie! WTF??
are you guys using TEAMSPEAK? you sound so clear where as we have echos and delay
How is it that Gavin seems to make smart decisions (making a sledgehammer and annihilating zombies) and still looking like an idiot (Letting his food, water, stamina AND health literally go to shit?)
Couldn't you drink from water with your fists back then?
What gaming system are you using?
It is confirmed, zombies love nobs
The beginning of the derpiest adventure ever.
Can someone help me I'm trying to find the lets play series they did where Gavin collapsed the roof is that this one?
Oh Ray....
Who else is in the 1,337,000+ club?
Bought this game a week ago... Found a guy Killed him Took over his house 10/10 would rek again
I don't get why people loved these lets plays so much
I love that jack is like a little kid with a parent during the whole beginning of the video, and anytime he lost ryan he stopped and started freaking out XD
"Ugh, she's showin' me 'er growler" - I lost my shit.
More
This reminds me of unturned
Ray "Theres 4 zombies, we're probably gonna die instantly." Just wait until its night
I hope they put out more Seven Days to Die videos. And I feel like that house at scenic overlook would've been more secure- made of stone, an upstairs, and a ladder to the roof for sniping.
Best moments are when they all go into some impromptu singing stuff.
Hhhhhhiiiiiiiiiiiiii
anyone else think they need to bring back this series??
Who else thinks the way the animals run is funny
Soooo... Are they going to finish all seven days?
*me screaming at my computer because Ray had a cooking pot the whole time they needed food*
Of course. A zombie dog just had to be a Doberman. Haha.
MARK NUUUUUT
Please do more of these would be better since the updates
please give me link download 7 days to die craced :)
"I'm gonna wack it in the ass with a sledge hammer!" Funniest moment haha
Im hear son
May name is gavin
38:00 "THERS A HORD!" most people are like "OH NO!" I'm like "the mini map makes the hord look like a penis" LOL
You guys should continue this and make its own play list c: you guys are great
Aw, no Michael. Not amused :(
god i miss this
If you try hard enough, you can get this feeling that Jack and Ryan are the same person just talking to themselves sometimes
Check out my lets play video
For all you guys who like the relaxing Let's Plays - have any of you ever listened to any of the great ASMR videos on YouTube?
Why is everyone saying this game is shit? Yeah the graphics aren't amazing, because it is in alpha.  This isn't a massive AAA title like Grand theft auto or Battlefield.  They don't have millions of dollars to spend on graphics and an engine. The game plans to have a massive graphical overhaul in the near future. Graphics play a very small part in a game. There is Enjoyment, how much fun you have playing the game on your own or with friends, story, content, how many players is fairly important if you want to play multiplayer. The more people who buy the game the more money the devs can afford to splurge on graphics. Think about it. Remember when the first COD came out? Or the first battlefield? Where the graphics amazing? No but people still played them. Then companies started making big money and improved the games.
I PICKED UP A CHAIR
This was such a great series.
So cool love this vid!
Another video?
i wish they'd play more games like this, or dont starve together. I am so over minecraft and getting sick of GTA crap
"There's a horde coming" "What do you mean" "I mean there's a horde coming" Hahaha??
MOAR!!!
Been playing this, it's changed so much since this episode.
SILLY MEN FUNNY MEN!
ok i have a question when i play this game and log out and come back in i loss all my stuff can someone tell me why thanks
The flag block thing lets have stronger blocks in the area but only for other non alliy players and no zobeies spawn in the area as well.
2:38 That is the most ridiculous thing I've ever seen and I fucking love it
So ugly game!
I started cracking up when they finally decided to do something about the rotting corpse in the corner of the room.  It's kind of like the post-apocalyptic proverbial "elephant in the room".
In this game, can you create a world to play ONLY with my friends? also by creating world pc/internet has to handle with the players that join the server?
friggen 10,000 BC going on here smashing away at boulders
what settings do they have
Ray has Jarate (its a tf2 reference)
You guys should definitely bring this back. These 4 7days to die lets plays are the best!!
One time I was playing this game and night was approaching while  I was on this farm. Going into the house I saw I had to options; hide in the basement or the attic, remembering the the basement is where that asshole died in night of the living dead while the attic is where the black guy survived I went up there. Come morning I come down from the attic and find the the zombies had completely destroyed the first floor, like there was no floor just the basement.
Solid episode
This vid was purial shite. Thanks.
is it just me but the audio and video is off a bit
As soon as he got that Sledgehammer, Gavin went from group burden to MVP
The only thing I didn't like in this game was that jars disappeared after drinking water.
tish game sucks ryan and so do you. but youre cute says ryan lol telepathic agents on fired job looking for this lol i dunno
MORE!
lol i love rays lack of hope....Gavin: ray hows the lake? Ray: uh full of zombie we'll prolly die instantly.  lol he has a diminshing ray....of hope in the apocalyptic world.
Makin' my way downtown, walkin' fast, Zombies passin'; they're assholes.... >__> I have a love/hate relationship with this game.
gavin the rock punching guy
Add me on skype my 7 days to die wont load please  help me! Skype-Littlehhhtheminecrafter Thanks for helping!
Like Minecraft with guns  10/10  IGN
NARUTO NINJA STORM 3    STEAM ACCOUNT FOR SALE!!!      plus other awesome games  http://www.ebay.com/itm/Black-ops-2-DAYZ-Naruto-Ninja-storm-3-Left-4-Dead-2-PC-GAMES-Steam-Account-/181597386630?pt=Video_Games_Games&hash=item2a480c3786
Gavin is my favorite
i demand part 5!
OMG I just realised Geoff if Griff from RVB. That's why his voice sounded so familiar XD
For some reason, i cant watch any of their videos. All other youtubers work but not theirs. I wonder why
Why the switch every 5 seconds?
The way Geoff says "I made a torch" is literally so adorable.
I have read some comments here that seem to indicate a common thread between this game and the game Rust. For those of you not familiar with Rust, be warned, between the server wipes, absent admins, and RAMPANT cheater / hackers, you will never be able to actually accumulate progress w/o cheating. To be honest, despite all of it's differences, this game doesn't seem much better.
I agree, the sound effects are awesome XD
Is this game coming out for the PlayStation 4 in the future?
I don't get it... if you see that you are in a house with a shit load of zombies why would you go up stairs?
Who's who?
Minecraft rip off
a girl zombie tried to bitch slap ray
PLEASE answer! I just want to know, no matter what you set the 'Enemy Spawning' level to, zombies will ALWAYS spawn? I just want to make sure this isn't one of those games that has a limited number of enemies, i.e. fun.
http://www.reddit.com/r/7daystodie/comments/2kmbpx/usnew_survival_server_1028_zombies_n_more_us_pvp/ Server Ip = 50.159.228.235 Server Port = 25000
Show me yer growler! ( ?°?????° )
How do you stop the bad 7dtd lag?
Zombies in this game are VERY op ... being able to punch through steel and reinforced concrete . Edit: There is a structure in the desert that is a "gold mine" for scrap. In general normal hoses are very bad places to camp.
you guys really should keep these going their really funy
Awesome
beavis and butt-head
Love Ryan's laugh
I bet the finished product of this game will be as good or even better than minecraft! Maybe not in sales but just an all around better game to play and have fun! It should definitely come to consoles.
36:50 Gavin always wanting to build watch towers on roofs
If you get the game on steam, you can take off zombies because I have it
can you play this as a single player all by oneself kind of game?
bring this back?
please
i imagine it would be hell to play a d&d campaign with them.
how big is the map?
1:02 animal jumping
Gavin: if anyone needs a hole, I'm your guy Ray: you're the hole guy FANFICTIONS AGGRESSIVELY BEING WRITTEN
This would be a lot easier to follow if it didn't have 4 people talking at the same time.
I love how everyone has picked up one another's speech quirks...everyone describes things with British words once in a while or uses Gavin's swears, and around 10:40 or so Gavin uses Ray's usual 'Aha!' I just like to see that after knowing each other for so long they just start to pick up one another's habits.
I can't stand these idiots.
Rust is better
I'd like to see a part 5. The 9.1 update added randomly generated worlds. Just make the B team (kerry,kdin,lindsey,matt,jeremy) get your characters together first.
I know the fanboys will bitch but i dont see a reason to pay for a game like this  it looks ridicules ill stick with the last of us rather then this or day z because its better in  quality make etc ill take better games on console over a lot of games on steam but if you are lucky you can buy som games on al system for less if you catch the sale
dying from a little dog, lame
I have my own single player thing and it's as difficult as it could get and I have survived about 100 days in total over this entire summer
I'm going to buy this game in a few minutes, it would be cool to have some people to play with. Add me on Steam and send me a message to join :)
It's like Minecraft if it was a zombie game and didn't look like shit!
48:01 LOOK OUT THE FUCKING DOOR OMG STFU WTF IS THAT
If anyone needs help getting started or crafting items, Check my Channel! Lots of Tutorials!
great idea for a game, but the graphics are utter shit.
if you already made something you can click on the name and it will atomically make it and it takes less time. just a heads up.
38:00 look at the mini-map. It's a scrotus
Can people watch my 7 days to die videos, there awsome
Can people watch my 7 days to die videos, there awsome
@pro4skill Why the fuck would you want to bang a zombie
Ray "Like Edgar" Ryan "Who?" WTF
Giving away 7 days to die this Saturday 23/8 and more games every weekend up for grabs check out the video on my channel to see how to get that sweet winnery ;)
3:46 LOL
I jsut got this game and my hud looks nothing like this.  Also you can't find where you are on the map.
LMFAO XD I SHOT IT IN THE TUCASE 25:58
hi
Ya... I wish my let's play of this game was this good...
Was this game created by the same people that created the forest ?
+pro4skill the fuck!
I wish there was a game like this but with strangef stuff. Like every tuesday a lady will attack anyone who isn't in a building or something.
The Field of View in this game is too small...90 fov would be nice
This game looks like shit, It'd be funner if they buffed up the graphics.
Xbox?
"Ray, how's the lake?" "Eh full of zombies. We'll probably die instantly". I don't know why but I found it really funny how nonchalantly he replied xD
i really hope this become a weekly series i love these lets plays
Gavin came in like a wreaking ball
If you add each other to your friends lists the others show up on the map
"Hey, guys, does someone want to shoot me in the head an see what happens?"
this lets play has inspired me to play this game not sure if this is good or bad will update as this develops
in the begining when the guy opened the door and all the zombies came. Fuck Me. XD
they finally fixed mine craft so the graphics aren't just blocks
if you play the video at half speed it sounds like they are all stoned
the hispanic had to find the hub caps
7 Days to die or Gmod?
They should play unturned
Its nice to watch actual realible friends. How help each other. Nice vids guys.
After part 4 gavin IS definitely the hole guy
How did gavin get out the hole ? lol
This game is heaps underrated.
jack at 1:21 I found way funnier than I should have
@TodNicholson something like Survivors 3.0 I don't think it ever got updated much, but you may be able to find itm
Wow an hour for the next part and only 20 minutes left of my shift
I just recently started watching these so idk but Jack and Ryan sound EXACTLY the same to me
wow this zombie has huge tits... i feel bad doing this. - ray
No Michael equals good times, he's so annoying.
They really need to update the terrain. flat...hill...flat...hill. lake...flat.. hill. wheres the mountains?
this is what i wanted minecraft lps to be sometimes. me gusta :3
7 days or DayZ?
I love Ray's Get Him To The Greek reference in minute 42.
I love how you hold bullets like magneto
How do people play this for long enough for a let's play series? It randomly crashes on me all the time and I lose much of my progress. It's pathetic.
So at the very end... I just noticed Micheal wasn't in this lets play.
YES A HOGANS HEROES REFERANCE!!!
1. This needs to be on consoles 2. This needs to be a weekly thing.
Get so annoyed with people saying voxel based games are rip off of Minecraft.. This is clearly not ripping of Minecraft and its not trying to. Not to mention Minecraft basically just rips off Castle Miner, Dwarf Fortress and more. Just because something is popular and you like doesn't mean something you don't like is ripping it off.
hey gav she had a knob in her growler
Funny thing, that house they set up shop in, is the same house my gf and I used for our initial BoO
wish i had this...
Why did they think a cabin next to a lake would be a safe idea? Rule 1 of a zombie apocalypse when trying to find a safe location: no cabins in the woods or by a lake.
I cringed every time Ray wasted ammo on that deer.
Okay, I didn't give this lets play a chance, since I'm turned off by alpha stage games, but I decided to give it a second chance, now Im lookin forward to more.
Gavin: I'm going to starve to death and thirst to death. Ryan: you're going to thirst to death?
Does anyone remmeber the lets play that was like slender man, but it had a devil creature as the antagonist, and the achievement hunters were construction workers holding wrenches?? If so please do tell me what the namebof that lets play is
STTTTTYYYYYXXXXX! :D
CHEEEEEEEEESE! XD
site off
I hope they play more of this game!
Why did they skip the night?
just incase anyone wonted to know if u add your friends to ur friends list u can see them on the map if u arnt near it helps when u are trying to find each other
I love let's play's without Micheal's yelling.
Geoff master race
This really reminds me of my first time playing 7 Days To Die; just wandering all of Navezgane, lost, dazed, and utterly confused... good times!
It's so painful watching Jack play... Dx
Gavin is the best
14:47 bookmark
Time to ruin your day: https://imgflip.com/gif/arrty
Omg I got here by http://7daystodie.com/8-8-hotfix-pimp-news-and-alpha-9/ Now you guys have to make a part 4.  You're supported by the creators :)
That low-res corn texture xD lol jk this is better than any game I could make lol
What is this game and what are they doing ?
shout out to hogan's heroes! Also noticed jack thinking about clubbing Ryan near the middle of the video.
What happend to the video where Gavin was playing by himself?
this is the coolest game. glad you guys are playing it.
Make this a new series of let's plays.
ryan is like the roosterteeth version of sips
Is 7 days to die free
YOu can drink from the lake! Use ur hands! D:
12:34 I've watched this 3 or 4 times now on my TV and I still cannot see "them" in the distance
I can't wait for this game to come into beta, there is already so much, and its so fun. It will be great when it's finished.
i was sad when you skipped the first night.
Anyone thinking to buy this game and thinks it is a casual game don't be fooled. I promise you, if you don't find cover at night and a way to defend your self right away. Then this game will fuck you!
I really like this game, there should be mods for this to be without zombies, I'd like it more that way. Like theres a mod of DayZ without zombies, I love that one too.
what program do you use to record 7 days to die because overwolf doesn't work for recording 7 days to die?
The player Models in this game look like Joe Pesci
This was the most boring video yet
Surprised Gavin didn't find any window wiper fluid
Fun let's play but this game seriously looks like shit.
Where is Michael?
Anytime someone says Fatty Boombalatty I lose my shit.
ryan the corn guy
<------ Dont Click me.... Too many awesome secrets may be REVEALED!
i would play this game all the time if there weren't any bees or dogs in it. those things are creeping me out
woohoo
they should play no more room in hell
You can drink straight from the lake... If you have an empty tool bar slot(empty handed) right click on the water and you'll sip some from the lake.
Yay! Hopefully this gets some more publicity for 7D.
In the beginning: "Fucking dog"... Welcome to 7 Days to Die ;)
What a bunch of noobs .
Guys you need to get to the friends tab and add each other so you can see all your friends in the map :)
awesome MOAR please
7 Days to Die > DayZ(Pure Shit) That is all!
Fun to see :)  Reminded me of my play the first couple times I played.  Too fun game.  Alpha 9.0 is going to be so cool from the sound of it.
this game show promise... I would like to see it complete, hit off  then make its way to console since thats were i do all my gaming....hands down it can become just as good if not better than Minecraft ( It takes from what was good in minecraft and adds what should of been in it)
"Let take em' out, I have a rench!"
Naked zombie VAGINA @ 15:34! (right after the search timer disappears) They should add the ability to impregnate female zombies or zombies to impregnate humans to make zombie-human hybrids which are immune to zombie attacks and have only a partial craving for humans.
My respect for Ray went down just a little when he pronounced "nuclear" incorrectly.
Jack has Lucille...
LOOL 6:23  Gavin: Ray, hows the lake? Ray: Uh, full of zombies, we'll probably die instantly. Gavin: Oh....alright.
"You scared the nob out of me" Whoa there bud
this looks way more fun than destiny
Wheres michael he hasn't been in there videos for a bit
I like michael but the commentary is much better without his constant over-reacting, screaming, and swearing
42:24 lol I get the reference, Ray
Rays infected LOL!!!
Is this comming to ps4/xbox one
reminds me of rust
Try playing unturn if u like dayz and minecraft
If The Walking Dead has taught us anything, it's that when someone says "There's a horde coming," you DON'T  go to the barn.
CHEEEEESE!!!!!!
I find it hilarious how food and water wasn't their first priority when they lost all of their supplies upon death! XD
needs to build achievement city in this game
Pc fucking sucks!! 99% of pc gamers are fat virgin nerds that dont get any love from anyone except their right hand ??. Console is the way to go especially when console is catching up ahem caught up to pc's graphics and shit
guys find this one house in this game. its made of cobblestone and it a two or three story house. it right outside of the outskirts of the neighborhood. also you need to find the neighborhood and check out every house. there is also a military base that has land mines you can pick up to protect your hide out. never stay out at dark unless you want to run into zombies. watch out for the zombie cops they explode when the see you, don't get too close. watch out for radioactive and nuclear waste. wasps and spiders have stepped in it and grew huge they will kill you. you can mine in this game and I suggest you do so. also at night block every possible entrance for the zombies to enter. zombies are faster at night but you can slow them down with a light source. you also need to build a farm as well I suggest you attach it to your hide out but make it on the second story so zombies don't destroy it. put plenty of support beams under the farm as well. also you can store stuff in the fridge and other items in the house. search dead guys and the undead. especially nurses, they carry pain killers and medicine that can heal you from attacks. make plenty of torches and build a fire in the house for cooking over. you can cut down trees with your fists, ax, and shovel. I suggest you dig the tree out from the root. also check out Markiplier's and Yamash's channel it will show you the things you need and they will make you laugh. from what I know from when I talked to you on facebook you have dirty humor so yeah. also tell Esteban I said hi
I'd like to see the guys play Minecraft in adventure mode and see if they can survive and work to a goal of some kind.
I was eye rolling so hard at another alpha zombie survival game, but i played this game a bunch and its actually pretty far along. It's really fun to play with friends, and surviving the night is terrifying.
is this game going to be free and is just in early access or is it always going to cost money?
I completely forgot Michael wasn't in this video. It wasn't until the very end when I realised lol
"oh this guy has no... skin on" LOL
lol Growler. gotta love Gavin's English slang
why do people hate jack? how i see them geoff - grif gavin - always the first to diee michael - always swearing and gavin's bestfriend ray - the one who always shouts ryan - the cynical bastard who wants to kill everyone jack - the whiny bitch (as i was told he was)
i like this game
It's kind of funny reading "this is just a ripoff of Minecraft". Because being a survival game with crafting, means it will be similar obviously, the similarities bring in fans of the genre and the differences, (Zombies can survive in daylight on this game, firearms, and the hydration bar). will bring other fans. IF this is a rip off of Minecraft then ALL fps games are rip offs of the DOOM/Wolfenstein games.
22:40 I'm disappointed in Ryan that he didn't immediately run over cover up the hole and say " HELLO NEW EDGAR " in a creepy voice :(
Where did the chesse thing come from
yeah if it costs 25$ its not an alpha and should not be excused just because it says alpha on the homepage.
You know... if you think about... PC is just an expensive console with a really sucky controller
The character holds the axe the wrong way.
Let's Play DayZ Standalone?
I hope Elisha Cuthbert reprises her role as the main character in the resident evil series
Gavin: Hey, Ryan. Ryan: Yo. Gavin: How do we know he's not infected. Geoff: I'm not infected. Ryan: You raise an interesting point. lol
i love 50 minutes to 1 hr lets plays
Hey guys, every survival game that you collect resources will always be a not as good version of minecraft. (What every comment says.)
I really like the digging mechanic, it reminds me of the book Tunnels.
Jack references Tyrion instead of Daryl Dixon /).-
Did they try to put the food in the box above the "cook" box/button? Since the slot for cookware was labeled, I would think you'd put the raw food in the labeled slot as well
no they have the same voice
i'd love to see this game come out for xbox one & PS4! it would be a top seller no doubt.
Thats what happens when you do drugs jack.
http://youtu.be/okFfbONE9sw
2:30 calm down Michael Vick
Everyone knows you never dig straight down
People in comments saying "PC Master Race!" You know who else called themselves the "Master Race"? The nazis
Someone do fanart for this it'll be awesome
I love how Ryan at 33:25 is just sitting there calling out shit eating a can of salmon. Like someone watching a game with popcorn
HER GROWLER.
Is it just me or is the a/v slightly out of sync... They say things earlier than they see it
Is this game free?
is that a companion cube o.o
I want a death counter for all their let plays
Never expected Jack to being back the early 2000s with "Beautiful Life". God, I feel so old. XD
I hope the lumbering zombie appears in part 3
37:55 the horde appears to have taken the strategic formation of a large penis for maximum penetration
judging by them playing both of them this definitely looks better entertainment wise
how do you open the craft menu?
Tuna is called "Seaman's own". True story, saw it with my own eyes.
man this game looks like poop
Ray's name: "namnworb" is Brownman backwards. It took my 30 minutes to realize that
dig a moat and put spikes in it so zombies fall in and die
The dogs are literally aids in this game :I wish there was an option to disable them
This is entertaining. Nice video fellas
you guys should play apocz on xbox
I love the amount of retarded arguments in this comment section.
Make more!
Castration might be less painful than hearing your intro splash again. Otherwise a fun vid.
I keep waiting to see one of you attack a zombie with corn.
When they kill that fat zombie out side with the sledge hammer and club, it reminds me of the scene out of Shaun of the dead In the bar when the bar owner attacks them, and there hitting him at the same time as the music.
????? ? ?? ????
make a part two please
Episode 2?
Do more plz from you big fan
is it just me or do jack and ryan sound almost exactly the same
More please
I really wanna see some more of this, although it's maybe not the best game ever but it's fun to watch.
34:55 insert cleavage pun here
Fat zombies make a noise that sounds EXACTLY like Regenerators in Resident Evil 4 when you shoot them in the plagas
WHY CANT THEY JUST AY FUCKING DAYZ ALREADY?????!!!
did they make a part 2
This is great
PLEASE make more videos , also up grade the house
Moooorreee
Play more of this!
Please play more of this. I so want to see 100+ eps of 7DTD just like you have the Minecraft series. It's a grittier version of minecraft with harsher zombies. So fun watching you guys have no idea what to do!
Darude - sandstorm
Please continue this
Make a series!!!
Why do they switch screens every 10 secoonds
Why wood u cut  down a tree with a shotgun?
I know this comment will be lost in all the other comments but when I'm scared I dig a hole in my backyard take all my clothes off and concentrate really hard and then it happens, I turn into a potato
If u place a bed down it sets ur spawn
I know what im getting on steam
MORE
Is there going to be a part 2? Or did i miss it
Please do a part 2 of this soon you guys are so funny and good at this game thanks
Hm, I'm not very excited for this one, to be honest. The fact that you've got to get a lot of extra shit to build more extra shit is kind of tedious and the sounds are downright annoying. Also, is anyone else weirded out by the fact that the deer sort of hop around like rabbits when you chase them?
Moremoremoremoremore
This would be fun if they continue it.
Closest to a DayZ lets play that we'll get.
Please make more
i want to play this game
Just noticed that every woman zombie has big tits and is either in a nurse costume, cheerleader costume, a V neck down to her growler, or an evening dress that shows the tits off….hmmm I think the devs were a bit lonely
I love how jack knows everything about any regardless of playtime JACK FOR THE WIN
DARUDE SANDSTORM
I take DayZ than 7 Dayz to Die any day. My opinion.
I take DayZ than 7 Dayz to Die any day. My opinion.
use the rench to heal blocks
yea frankly I don't fucking care how the game looks as long as its achievement hunter failing like shit
More of this ! xD
Tried to build a house out of upgraded wood frames... 3 hordes came through mid build and I only had a crossbow...
Supposedly, there's a really funny/disturbing story Ryan tells involving a gnome in 7 Days to Die Part 3.
RYAN+JACK <3
are they going to make another one because i enjoyed this.
pls upload part 2 already!!!!
Gavin with the sledge hammer Ha ha
Do they use fraps for PC recording
38:30 it's like the walking dead the Zombie are coming for the barn somebody check on Carl!
Can you make a part 2 of 7 days to die? Please?
Can u make a part 2 of die in 7 days? Please.
And henceforth, they shall call Jack....the Tree Puncher.
I think it'd be awesome if they played this and did the thing where when they die, they stop talking. I think it'd go good with this kind of game
Wow they did a lot better than expected with these last few survival game GG AH, GG
That was like an ending to a game of thrones episode. "What's going on, uh oh, he has a weapon, oh god he killed him!" End episode
more 7 days to die please :3 pretty please :P
This has been the best of their recent PC let's plays. I've never played this game, but it looks really good, and the map and private server and easy crafting make it a better let's play. Much better than Rust, The Forest, and Stomping Grounds. I would love to see more, but the paltry amount of views on this video tell me it will never come to be.
Need part 2!!
I kinda want more of this
Pff diggin' the Skyrim style detection meter x)
I think it's time for you guys to upload.... PART 2!!!!!!!!
All these fucking hop-on survival horror games are starting to piss me off. Mostly because each one of them has its own distinct audience full of whiny little bitches arguing that their game is the best game. I really hope a new genre emerges, because I don't know how many more Minecraft clones I can take.
Get wood to make a fort
At night the zombies run faster
If you're just listening to the video in the background and not watching it, it sounds like they are playing a modded version of minecraft
Wheres part2,3,4,5,6?
where is the pc elitist now?
I really like it when they play miscellaneous computer games like this and prop hunt (and other Garry's mod games), always funny :) The survival themed games have been a really refreshing change lately they're really interesting and funny.
My graphics settings don't even display higher than 360p. HELP.
I don't care about the graffics it looks fum and I wanna see more game play... Maybe a full play on it is needed? :)
Can this be a weekly thing lol...
This game is awesome but there is a way to get it free but I can't remember the link sorry
Please play dayz mod please lol. I would LOVE that. Use the commander. It's really easy for everyone to install.
I think that dog is.... A BOXER!!! Oh god... Barbra has infected me....
Oh My God! Please do more of these. I've been asking for this for months since I starts to play 7DTD. It's so freaking fun and amazing. I would love to see you guys get 100 of these too, just like minecraft. The world is entirely interactive, and when it gets out of alpha (Like minecraft) it's just going to be more and more amazing Please do more 7DTD, forget Rust and all those other chump survival games where you can't change the world
there making a part 2 of this right?
At the beginning where everyone yells cheese they should have someone say quietly in the background "and crackers"
43:20 = OMG its CJ from SA!
Huh. Took me until like 40 minutes in to realise that Ryan is named after a prime minister of New Zealand. ...Odd choice. He was a... Colourful character at best lol.
I have to say,This has been one of the most interesting and fun Lets play I've seen in a while.
this is like minecraft on major CRACK
Of course Jack would be the one to punch a dog.
I actually really enjoyed this Let's Play
Make more of these!
They should play more of this
Lol zombie lady's lol
I really enjoyed this Let's Play! I hope there will be more.
im laughing so hard at the run animation for the stag omg that's incredible
For crack 7 days to die go on my channel
I'd love to see them do a series of this, along with one od Dayz Overpoch or whatever it is where you make the bases and such.
Moooooreee
How did you make an iron pickaxe, I can't figure out how to make them.
They should make another let's play for this game
Where the hell is prop hunt part 2
please make more episodes
play more  so good
plz make more
Oh god, it's so confusing listening to Jack talking to Ryan.
To all who say "Play Minecraft, not a rip off" One word. Graphics.
you guys should play this more!!!! this is a lot like mine craft but more real. this should be a multi part
"If you need a hole, im your guy" -Gavin, well now we know his job at Roosterteeth XD
Part 2!
More more
I remember seeing Utorak play this game when it was SUPER alpha lol I thought it looked fun but broke as hell. I didn't realize that's what this game was when it was on sale... Or that it had multiplayer.... Wish I woulda purchased it now cause it looks like it's coming together pretty well.
I honestly don't care as much about graphics if the game is fun to play
People complain about what game is better.... Blah blah blah as long as YOU enjoy YOUR type of game what's the problem? Why yell at others for a game you hate. Unless it's call of duty.....that game is always the same...... Jk just stop complaining and enjoy the video.
This lets play is dope ????
5:30 "Fuck yo grass, fuck yo grass, fuck yo grass" I don't know why but I died laughing XD
Please more.
More!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!I will be very happy:)
lol
? ..... try getting  a valble thing lets say uhh diamonds!!!!! blahgjdfherhdojweihfihtfjiowerhfigrgf
You can tell Ryan is the PC guy because his hotbar is actually full.
I actually kind of hope this becomes another game that they play more frequently. its actually pretty cool!
Play this more its really fun to watch
They completely skipped the night in this video.  The night time would have been the funniest part with all these guys.
Make a pt. 2
More plz :) this was great
Quite liked this ! I just recently became a large fan of this game - I'd love to see one more part if possible !
Part 2!
The horde of zombies were situated in a penis form. gigglegigglegiggle
fucking ed sheeran commercial... i just had to watch it :// that was mean :3
Good Job AH
i always thought it said get-off not geoff
"Can I just eat coffee?"
If I said I knew the creator, would you believe me?
this is painful to watch... never before have i seen you guys fail so much...
I don't think they should let the Brit cook..
More please.
Make a 7 days to die series. Seriously.
zombies love doorknobs needs to be a shirt.
Part 2 please
Moarrrr!!
do more o this
Ryan and Jack sound exactly the same.
I would like more videos of this game from you guys
Why does the Steam community love early access survival games? This, The Stomping Lands, The Forest, and Rust are the most popular games on Steam right now.
You guys are fucking..just....bad.....
Part 2?
More
Why doesn't this have more views?
This is the first lets play in a while that Michael hasn't been in
CHEEEEEEEEESE!!!!! Roflroflroflroflroflrofl
So when is the Rust Let's Play?
I'd like to see more
You should do Slender.
More of this please
"He he he, Zombies LOVE the doorknobs..."                                                            --Gavin Free, Podcast Personality
"I'm gonna whack it in the arse with a sledgehammer...."                                                                   --Gavin Free, Immersion Test Equipment
Make another one! This is my favorite! :)
"She's showing me her growler!"                                              --Gavin Free, Slow Mo Guy
play this again!!!!!!!
I am really enjoying this game so far. Nothing quite like being in your house at night and having a zombie horde of 40+ swarm over your area. My brother and I just hid inside hoping to stay undetected. Suspenseful moment that is enhanced by the sound of the horde.
play more.
is there going to be a part 2
you guys should play this again
Jack is Negan with that bat xP luciel
I have a question for everyone, what happens after 7 days?
DayZ's better
more plz...
More please!
Imagine if you made an underground fallback bunker.
do more of this and the forrest
so apart 2 this was so good
I hope this becomes a new series
lol they all look like michaels GTA character in this game not the face thuo
another minecraft bo0oooooo
a horde of zombies attacking a farm sounds familiar :D
there'll be part 2 right? this game is awesome
Hmm... so dogs are more deadly in a zombie Apocalypse then the actual zombies (in sun). Wait will the next patch introduce zombie dogs? hehe
Funny how everyone looks like Michael's Gta char, and the only one missing is Michael
Please part 2
You can drink water straight from the lake and if you friend each other using the friends tab when you press I you can see each other on the map
Do more of these! This Lets Play was surprisingly really enjoyable!
Who needs a map?
please make more!
They should play castle minerz if they are going to play this shit
leeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeets die!
Series please?
Please make more episodes this would be a cool series
PART 2
Poop
I feel they should have put food in the fridge misc items in the chest and spare weapons in the gun case
quick point, the ad in front of this video was about kids making a difference in the world and I thought "wow that's amazing, these kids are grea-" "CHEEEEEEESE!!!!!" haha, damn you wonderful idiots, haha
This really is just a glorified minecraft.
We need more of this and more of The Forest
More more 7 days
You know when you post your opinion and disable replies you're essentially saying "im an idiot and im wrong"
Dickbut
i really liked this. you guys should upload more! :)
At first I was thinking that this was another piece of shit wannabe game (kinda is) but after watching the full thing, I think it actually has some potential. It's like a DayZ, Minecraft mix. It's pretty cool. I hope they play more in the future.
Perhaps a tad cynical but i'd honestly just like a complete experience at this point for 25 bucks. Early access burned me like a scornful lover, and now my weary heart is too afraid to love again, mostly due to the fact these types rarely get finished. It's a shame really
Are they going to add more stuff into this game or is this it
PLEASE MAKE PART 2 LIKE THIS SO THEY SEE IT!!!!
is there a part 2 to this? or are they still making it because i really enjoyed it..
was anyone else hearing don't stop me now by queen when they were in the circle beating the fat zombie
What no part with you guys getting rekt at night? D:
welcome to another 10000 part series.
can you guys keep playing this? :D
So...... We'll get a part two right? Same with that Dinosaur survival game? Because they get good the second you all find each other.
I really love this, hope they make a series out of it! I know they don't read the comments but still :P
Part 2 please
I really like it when they play these type of games...or is it just me
Rust
Uh, is it only me that on ryans radar the horde looks like a giant schlomb 37:49
Is this going to be a series or just this one video? Really like this game so hope we will see more.
cheerleaders always have knobs in their hands lol
Ryan Haywood as Daryl Dixon
This... looks pretty bad. The Let's Play was funny though.
7:10
a part two and three and maybe four or as many as they deem necessary would be awesome.
Please please please please play more of this game.! You guys should make achievement city on here!!!
I love this game... please make more videos on this.
37:50 on the maps, the zombies make a penis on the map >:D
Please make a series on this!
Hope they make a part 2
That corn-breaking noise sounded like a Creeper hissing. Made me instinctively cringe.
Hope there's going to be a part 2
38:36 the second Gavin said "oh Man alive" I thought "Wheatly O_O " that and "people actually say that?"
took me way long to realize there's no Michael.
Lol, no one listens to Ray...
"Can we make a door? I found in a backpack." Best game ever.
part 2 all the way... this or stomping land, cause they are basically the same thing
I really wanna see more of this
I wish Michael was here :(
moaar
PLEASE play this again
yayyy! Gavin is back, im a huge fan of his cause he makes videos funny
in order to cook with a cooking pot you need bottled water, you can boil meat and you can boil unclean water to clean it. you can also make coffee with it by boiling coffee beans.
Once again stop saying its a minecraft rip off I dont see a nether portal anywhere i dont see a skeleton or giant spiders any where
Honestly most of you are saying any game with and inventory and a quick bar is a minecraft rip off personally I like the game idk why and im very judgemental when it comes to the video game industry
That was fun to watch. Part 2?
I love it when they do games like this where they have to survive and have no idea what they're doing at first.  Didn't even notice Michael wasn't in it until I read the comments... Sorry Michael!
That retarded deer was hilarious
ZZZZZ
was it really 6 and a half hours?
Was I the only one who thought Ray was going to say flint coal when they said coal
this looks horrible
i hope they continue this
wheres michael
You should continue!
Make a part 2
MOAR!!
7 days to die = first country zombie game that i know of. Most are in towns or cities.
Makin my way to the lake
Wonderful video, love watching the gang fight zombies for some reason. I have an idea for a future let's play, not sure where to put it so it will go here. When alien isolation comes out, I know it would be tempting to do like slender and have gavin and michael play but I think lads vs gents last man standing would be much funnier. last one killed by the alien while completing objectives, best out of three. I want to hear the group freak out as faces are being nomed by the alien :)
Keep playing this dudes.
And suck staying together!!!!!!!
37:52 ... Just look at the map, am I really the only one noticing this, or am I just sick minded
You guys SUCK at finding each other!!!!!!
I feel that this Let's Play needs to continue. I'm not sure about anyone else, but I think this is a really satisfying video and game and it just works out.  One of the best Let's Plays in my opinion.
I would like to see an ongoing series of this. Really enjoyed it!
This is really cool! I'd like to see more episodes of this
unturned 2 maybe???
2012 : Year of Bows & Arrows 2013 : Year of Lava, say Michale ... Guess 2014 will be Year of Free-Roaming & Sand Boxes
So you could build a underground network of tunnels? That sounds fucking awesome. Can you imagine just having a giant base underground? No one could fuck with you all you would have to do is occasionally pop out to look for food and supplies
Why is it every time that I watch a let's play like this, I always seem to have lost money by the end of it :P
Please continue this as a series
Hey achievement hunters you guys should make a lets play about cube world, it is a very cheap game on picroma.com it has 4 different classes with leveling and leveling up skills. So if and when you read this just think about it please and thank you.
Will the y ever do another episode?
Acheivment hunters vs creature hub
a "the world according to Garp" reference Ryan?
How much is this game
Is it just me or is Gavins' accent slowly disappearing?
I hope it saves
I like the survival games that u guys play
I hope it lets them continue
you guys should play this more
Make a trout around the house next time to keep the zombies away from the house so only you guys can get in an out of the safe house so its for sure a safe house!!! 0u0
Make a trout around the house next time to keep the zombies away from the house so only you guys can get in an out of the safe house so its for sure a safe house!!! 0u0
I thought Gavin was referring to Sam Cooke's 'Chain Gang.'  Were the seven dwarfs prisoners?  Because that movie is messed up enough already!
More!!!!
I really enjoyed this Lets play i hope they make more :D
I hope they do another episode
So I didn't read the description and I only noticed that Michael isn't here because of his honeymoon, 30 minutes and 15 seconds in.
22:50 It rubs the lotion on its skin or else it gets the hose again!
Well, killing zombies seems to b a team thing, not with any A.Iiii. ( A. I
FIRST COMMENT
If you set the speed to .5, it sounds like they're high... Might just be me.
so am i the only one who sees what is basically a minecraft parody with prettier graphics.
As usual, Ray's the one with the pot.
please make this like the minecraft series, King Geoff... Make me a house in 30mins which ever one you like best wins.
this game looks awesome, all it needs is a neather
Did anyone else think that it said seven ways to die when they clicked in this video :p
9/10- could do with more mogar
pt 2!
I caught that Gears of War reference...
Hope this becomes a multipart series
I'd love to see them carry this on
Part 2 is needed
It's like the walking dead
The way they blocked the door with 3 wood and one wooden plank is killing me #ocd
as u played the forest, stomping lands and this. can u do a lets play on dayz standalone
Are you guys gonna make more of these? I liked it. You guys can make a miniseries out of it. Much like Node did with mine craft.
I've been working on the raaaaaailrooad.  Aaaaaalll the live long daaaaaay.
Ryan is like Darrell from Walking Dead lol
I just want to thank jack for close captioning what he does in the game. Its not like I'm watching it or anything.
MOAR!
part 2!
This was by far my favorite Let's Play in a while. Really hope they continue it.
I hope you'll continue this game. It's the most interesting co-op so far. :)
The female zombie sounds are similar to Dead Trigger.
it was awesome!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Great video
If you pause the video when Ryan locates the hoard near the barn , it looks like a dick on his mini-map lol
more
Want part 2.
More please
Took me about 5 minutes to realize that Mikey Wikey was not in this video. No wonder why it wasn't as loud.
I kinda wanna see these guys struggle in DayZ. 90% of it would be them running round like a chickens with their heads cut off but I think it would still be good
totally freakin sick! 342 real followers today from INSTAPHAMOUS. COM
wish michael was in this video. would have been much funnier
For people who have played both games, whats better... this or Rust?
Im sad that Michael isn't in this :( he was probably still in Australia when they recorded this though...
Hi
I wanna see more of this!!!
Please oh please make this a continuing Let's Play...Bring in Michael and bam full on series, I'm not even done with this video and I almost peed. XD
Where the fuck is Michael you sons of bitches! *Shakes fist angrily
Kdin seems like a nice guy but his editing is atrocious
More of these!
is it freezing then skipping but playing audio for anyone else? i mean lke every 10 seconds it will freeze but the audio will keep playing then it will skip to the sceen it was suppose to be on.....
lol "how do i put crossbow in bolt" XD
Geoff: "I have collected some sticks" Ray: "I got hubcaps" The inner Puerto Rican has been unleashed in Ray.
Skyrim+Minecraft+Dayz if they were all still alpha makes this game
dying of thirst. that kendrick tho!
Like for part 2
Hope to see more episodes of this.
Ryan....."how do you put crossbow in bolt??"- haha lmao
part 2 please
Continue it
you guys should play nether
Don't care whether it's DayZ or 7 Days to Die, don't care whether it's KYRsp33dy or the Achievement Hunters, these zombie apocalypse survival games are boring as shit to watch. I hate to say it, as much of a fan as I am of the AH Crew.
15:33 Zombie vajayjay.
moreeee
Though it would never happen, i think this would make an excellent series!
MOOOOOOORE
Are they going to continue this?
Will there be a part 2?
Why do you guys keep playing these games in alpha or pre-alpha, itll be years before these games are released and we'll have long-forgotten this video. Why not play it when its in a more presentable and relevant version? something that might better represent the game we'll buy when it comes out.
Do more
22:41 it puts the lotion in the basket else it gets the hose again
The whole time they were talking about corn I was thinking of freak on a leash.
Y'all should play nether if y'all liked this game
Moar pls. Feels like Minecraft from the very beginning again :>
more
You guys should play Rust.
I hope they continue this.
Moooooore
More
ray " i just play the drums and make the African face" get him to the greek reference
I wanna see them continue.. They haven't experience what happens at night....all hell will probably break loose.. Lol x)
I took a wrong mysterious turn. - Only Gavin.
Gavin: So ah ray how's the lake ? Ray: Full of zombies we will die instantly
geoff sounds alot like joel in this
Do a part 2
So this is just in the alpha/beta phase, right?  I really want to play this when all the kinks are fixed.
NUKILER!
That awkward moment they're trying to cook food and that the cookware can only make bottled water...
The walking Dead: Achivement Hunter style!  by Tell Tale Games/the show (yes Ik they dont really match the characters but this is just how I am seeing it lol)  Gavin- Ben Ryan- Daryl Geoff-Kenny Jack- ?(help)  Ray- ?(help)
The title doesn't say "part 1" and I'm scared because I really enjoyed this and want part 2 ;-;
I like this. I hope to see more
The six of you guys should play Contagion together.
I was probably the only one who was dying to know what the bottom of the mine looked like after the time skip...
This was awesome. moreee
Here's hoping they do more. Liking this.
I adore Jack: "I'm gonna got get a dining set for us!"
i dont know why but i'm terrified while watching this
We Demand Mooore!  ... this was a great watch!  keep up the good work. you guys playing 7Days to die is more fun than sex and tv combined. One love
I would watch this as a series until they made it to day seven lol =P
Didn't even realize Michael wasn't in this until the let's stop
That game looks awesome, is it only for pc?
Another average survival game made to earn the developer's quick money just because survival game are popular as of late.
hit zombies I. the head to do more damage
u need full water and food to get health
I love it how Ryan stockpiles all of the guns and tells no one about them.
This was my favorite lets play in a while.
you need bottled water when cooking
They should do this again but when one of them dies cut out there audio and just have them be out for the rest of let's play. Kind of like a heist. This is just to see who can survive the longest and the last one to be alive is the winner. They can be against each other or they can work together. I am just suggesting this because it sounds fun, if they don't think so oh well, just thought I would suggest something different! :D
Forget DayZ, this game looks much better
More!
setting a bed down DOES set your spawn
"zombies love the doorknob" sounds like a shirt
Stamina affects damage
The map needs to be expanded, however. Also, vehicles.
Let's play apocz
This game looks fantastic
This game looks like it's out of 2004...
Not a game I would buy, but I like watching it
Please make another episode!
The keystone block (the stone looking one with the flag on it), that geoff put down, makes it harder for others to break blocks in a radius around it, kind of marking your "base"
MORE!
I died when jack said whats that screwing sound!
Why was the first upload of this video made private?
Make this a series
part 2, i demand it!
label these by part please
AH roles in a zombie apocalypse Ryan: the guy who loses his mind and kills his team Gavin: the guy who dies first Geoff: the leader who has no clue what to do Jack: the guy who wants to raid all the stores for food Ray : the guy who was just in the wrong place at the wrong time Michael: the guy who rages at the zombies for ruining his week Lindsay: the girl who is tougher than the rest of the team
It's been years and I still cannot tell Jack and Ryan's voices apart. No matter how hard I try, it just doesn't happen.
15 minutes in and I only just realized that Michael wasn't in the game. Whoops.
Dear roosterteeth, can u please play this game again. It was funny as hell.
I think you'll only lose your stuff in your hot bar when you die.
Frame rate cries for help :(
This needs to become a series, this is great.
you got to do more
That intro sounds like Novawar from LagTV
Loved it
Please make a part 2! This is almost better than minecraft!
So what happened to the night time footage of the game....??
they should definitely make a part 2
part 2 !!
Please make a part two
For some reason this is one of my favourite off their videos
This should be it's own series
Yeah I'm pretty sure they have more in this one since they re-uploaded it
i love this keep it up =}
more 7 days to die!!!!!
As much as I like Michael (And all the guys for that matter.) It is nice to have a calm lets play without him yelling the whole time.
Somehow they make even shitty games fun
ahahaha 10.00 10.15
Make more let's plays of this please
Love this :D
Love this :D
more of this please !
Part 2 of this would be great.
biscuit tins and hub caps in the middle square = scrap metal,  scrap metal in 3 squares across= ingot
I need part 2.
I would like to see more.
Now they can repopulate the Earth. With 5 men.
I want a part 2
Wheres Michael
I guess this being Reuploaded is why it has a tiny amount of Views for a AH video?
35:13 shoutout to George Bush
22:50 I was waiting for someone to cover the hole...
This was very entertaining to watch. Good job guys.
In order to cook you have to but a glass jar with water under the meat
More Plz!
WHY DO I HAVE SO MUCH LAG? I just want to watch AH play a game without the delay. I miss Micoo <3
There is a horde near the barnhouse.....walking dead reference by the makers perhaps??
Great video! 11/10 would watch again.
Yeah, those pudding rocks are a sight to behold.
Part 2! Get michael involved aswell!
more...! :D this was a very interesting looking game!
i think they should have a deathmatch towards the end where they spread out a bit and hunt eachother
More please.
Top let's play. Would like to see more of this.
LLLLLLEEEEETTTTTSSSSS DIE...
Can you guys do more of this? Really like it!!
Was the rumbling noise Jack heard when he said his sound is fucked up, isnt that a plane dropping a supply crate?
Play stomping land again
Much better than stomping ground, you can actually set spawns and find each other with ease.
MORE
Please continue making more vids of this game! It was so interesting!
more please!
So awesome,do more
Could someone explain what the hell is with the 6.5 days later and stuff like that? I absolutely don't understand any of these comment threads. It just fucking baffles me.
Make a series of this pls I want more
the guys should play rust
This Pressfarttocontinue dude is not original at all he took press heart to continues name and put fart in it and has to be on every popular video to get views...... And here I thought the world was getting better
Generic "this was re-uploaded, moan, complain, boo, hiss"
Mooooorreee
Make tis a lets play pls
FYI, and Im sure some one said already, You can Drink directly from any water, Just use a open tool belt and right click :D
This game is trying SO hard to be minecraft and that's exactly why it will never take off. Why get a rip off when you can play the original
Well it's official this is replacing Minecraft ... Im joking
You guys should play 5 minutes to kill yourself
How did Gavin get out of the hole?
Great to see you guys in 7daystodie! hope you enjoy the game!!
so do they choose where they start in this game?  Or did the game just instictively know to drop ray in mexico?
Rays audio line                                                --                                           --        -                          -----------------------------------------------  --------------------------------------------  -------- ----------------
so is this on steam? looks cool
You should start a series off this
MORE
I would love to see them play this some more, just saying.
PLEASE MAKE A PART 2!!!!
This was a nice LP, I hope they do this again.
More
just setting a bed or sleeping bag down will set spawn
Lets Play-7 days to die part 2
I really hope they continue this or at least make a series :(
Just love the Hogans Heroes reference
Want more! this was to fun and funny as hell x'3
Good to know cheerleaders like nobs :)
why did they cut this so much?  In my opinion they should not cut it as much
I really hope they play more it was awesome to watch :D
Part 2!
is this a skyrim mod?
Please make a part 2!
Where Michael
Please do a part two to this
More please
I wanna know where the 2nd part of prop hunters is......
Ray's name in this is naMnwor8. Which backwards is 8rownMan. Coincidence? I think not!
Do a part 2 please that would be an amazing let's play
i like eating hot pockets wile watching this
love the bromance between ryan and jack
love it they need to continue
do that again it was awesome
Part 2?????
Plz do more uf these
Hopefully another one? :)
This needs to be a new weekly video series
I like how this game uses the exact same sneaking crosshair icon that Skyrim uses.
i could've sworn this video was already uploaded .. why the re-up?
Play fifa world cup
Oh yeah pc games look so pretty. You console peasants and your shitty graphics. Pc is the way to go. All of the most popular pc games are the prettiest looking games today! Stomping land, dayz, and this. Man us pc players are spoiled with good looking graphics!
Please play again
what if you put your bed down right before a big group of zombies in case you were killed by them?
Anyone notice that the horde on Ryan's map at 38:00 makes a penis? lol
moooore
Please do more of these !
Did anyone else think of the walking dead when Ryan saw the horde at the barn?
Did anyone else think of the walking dead when Ryan saw the horde at the barn?
Can't wait for part 2. This was way more entertaining than your latest minecraft let's plays. (Besides Bodyguard)
More 7 Days to Die please.
I cant hear it. The volume seems to be quite low on it. :(
Awesome video please make part 2, I have tons of fun watching your videos!
More!
definitely a fun lets play, would love to see more.
mooooreeeee
This was pretty freaking cool. I'd watch them play this anytime.
Why did they re-upload it?
dose it bother anyone else that the sneaking mechanic is the same from skyrim with the eye
Did anyone else have the page refresh itself and a showing that the video was private, only to re-click on the video and have everything working smooth?
Part 2?
This is the game that DayZ standalone should've been. Literally, every single thing about this game is better, and it's very similar, only with better crafting, loot system, combat, play-ability, stability, zombies, players, creators, terrain, weapons, gods, water, grass, dirt, potatoes, etc.
I don't know what people are talking about, Ray seemed more alive and happy in this one than he has in the last few.
They were surprisingly energetic this Let's Play! I enjoyed it.
I really hope they make a part 2, 3 etc...
That's Kansas....lol
You should play more games like these
this is a game worth looking in to
What kind of blue jeans and brown coat cult is this?
Let's stop
1080p!
Awesome keep posting these videos
This is one of my favourite Let's Plays. Really hope they upload part 2 within the upcoming days as opposed to one every few weeks/months...
moar of this !
I hope they make another one of these
reuploaded?
cant wait till part 2.
Id watch another part
Please make a series out of this guy's....
7 days to get scammed. This turd of a game was pretty much abandoned in alpha once the developers made enough money from pre-sales and realised their promises were in no way realistic. The description on Steam even vaguely admits this: "This Early Access game may or may not change significantly over the course of development." Hint: It won't change at all, cause they already have your money.
I'm starting a petition to stop people from giving every comment by PressFartToContinue hundreds of likes and replies.
Definitely interested in seeing more videos of this.
Make. More
This is A Reupload don't comment about it Make This A Top Comment So People Stop Spamming With "Is This a Reupload"
Ya know for a game without a single original thought this doesn't look so bad. I like the little touches like the Skyrim sneaking and Minecraft building. Actually looks like they put thought in what to steal to build a new experience and I appreciate that. Might check this out.
Favorite lets play ever! Please make. A part two!
Why reupload?
more please?
Aww, no Michael.
This game looks flipping fun to play with a bunch of people omg.
The editing wasn't so bad that they needed to do a reupload, but, it's an improvement.
More please
Not many big gamers play this. They should do this weekly.
HAHAHAHA if you put the spped of this video to 0.5 they all sound like they are just coming round from anesthetic.
This should be a series like Minecraft
Is this a reupload?  I remember watching this yesterday.
this is the only PC game I want to play
i cant wait for the nextt one!!!
Need to start putting these out faster, i watch through them too fast
also get Mogar!! if you dont mind..
MOREEEEE!!!!!!! please..
The moment I saw the title, I was like, YES. :D
I forgot Ray was in the LP
Was this uploaded again? I swear I saw this last night.
I watched 3/4ths of the video and realized I already watched this yesterday. I thought this was part 2 >.<
3:47 , team same voice ception. Is he punching n talking to himself?
This is what DayZ should have been.
First let's play in a while were I really fucking enjoyed every minute of it, hopefully they make more
Part 2 por favor
Tyrion kills Tywin in the newest GoT episode
this was awsome and I want more
I hope there are lots of parts/episodes for this! It looks like it has great potential to keep going.
That time when 2 identical (in-game) persons meet... 3:38
Really enjoyed this Let's Play! Nice progression from the start. Can't wait for more :)
That stupid deer and it's jumping makes me laugh when I see it. XD
Please keep playing!!!
more!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Please do more of this!!!
Really hoping they do a Part 2 of this one!  :)
i Need mor of this,
This is lot better than Day Z please continue to play this...
Alright, Now this game needs some walking skeletons, a green moss monster that explodes, some NPCs, a alternate dimension that resembles hell, and we'll be good.
That awkward moment when you realize that it took you way too long to notice that Michael isn't in the let's play... 32 minute mark...... facepalm
This game actually looks awesome, Minecraft plus zombie apocalypse? they can do so much with that? With good graphics too?
"This zombie has huge tits. I kinda feel bad doing this." Oh, Ray.
This might become a mini series. Hopefully a part 2 will come out soon!
"alright, calm down with the crossbow tyrion." too soon jack, too soon...
"Zombies love doorknobs" - Gavin 2014
This looks to be something that could be a little series to see how long you guys last
play more
Play more plz, really like it. Nice series and fun to watch!
This was awesome they should make it a series.
the new minecraft??
I've been waiting so long for this lets play!
Where the hell is Prop Hunt part 2?
More! :D
PLAY MORE PLAY MORE PLAY MORE
If anybody did not notice the zombie dogs make a tie fighter noise when they die.
we want more of this, Like if you came here thinking it was a 2nd episode
I don't know all the things they did differently but at 25:15 they added the screen that says "6 and a half hours later"
I got this game last night and I keep having issues with it freezing on me. It is annoying but when it isn't freezing it is a fun game.
This was actually really good, I thought this wasn't gonna be as good, but I wanna see more. Even if this game seems pretty easy with a bunch of friends
It says alpha but the game has been out for almost a year now
shhhhh.... im hunting wabbits
Did they just skip night time or did it never come? I'm a little disappointed at night everything goes to hell but it never happened.
More!
Make this into a series
More
Play Rust
please do more soon
never seen this game before they should do another video of it
More episodes plz!!!!!!!!!
I don't know if it would be possible but I think it'd be really funny to see you guys do a lads vs. gents: Star Wars edition! Thanks and keep up the great work I'm a huge fan of you guys!!!:D
Please more
Ahah i love this game, just too buggy and the devs seem a little too arrogant to take criticism.
Re-uploaded due to copyright?
Gavin: Ray how's the lake?  Ray: Uh full with Zombies, we'll probably die instantly.
BOOM "I'm The Hole Guy" T-shirt idea.
Definitely make more of these, really fun watch
Can we get a The Stomping Grounds part 2? The first one was really fun to watch.
Really want a part 2
Did they reupload this? I could swear I watched this last night.
Am I crazy or did they re-upload this?
Am I the only one here who is watching this for the first time?
Didn't they upload this yesterday?
running effects from Minecraft?
This is just every game ever at this point.
Moar!!!!!!!!!!
Fantastic let's play!
MORE! That is all
Part 2 if possible please???
I would greatly appreciate more of this, thank you!
Did they re-upload this or something? I've seen this video this very morning (UK). Well at least 12 hours back.
great video
Is this made by Besthesda?
Is this to fix the edit fails from the last one?
They have to play DayZ
I thought this was part 2.  My pants were shat.
Its really not that big of a dal, they redid some sloppy transitions, its not like too much to expect from a production company roosterteeth has become. They either had a new person doing it, or they didnt watch it all through. I appreciate the re upload.
Other than the consumable jars and the atrocious walk cycle on the deer, this game looks promising.
Unfortunately let's plays like this one, the forest, and stomping grounds all look really similar and end up being just a repeat of each other. I would rather them pick one and do a few episodes of that one instead.
I saw this video went private for a bit and got scared. Thought we had another Let's Build Portal House situation on our hands!
More please
maybe there was a new editor that messed up so they had to fix it and reupload
MORRREEEE!!!!!
Its like dayz and Minecraft meet.
Its like dayz and Minecraft meet.
"So thirsty.... So thirsty...."-Jack 2014 Make that a shirt
Good Group Roosterteeth, going back to fix the editing like a champ. Way to listen to feedback you all-stars.
Be sure to make more of these.
I guess this is Roosterteeth's new approach, re-upload videos for maximum views. Also Jack is worthless. 50 minutes of him whining and asking how to make shit, fuck you Jack.
Id really like them to continue this
15:50 is when they all meet up if anyone wants to skip the beginning stuff.
More please
played grooses theme this whole lets play, it was funny to me :3
Is this an old game, or are the graphics made this way?
why don't they just play DayZ
More
Jack, why do you have to steal the minorities job? I thought hitting the trees was Ray's job?
"Calm down with that crossbow Tyrion." Jack you have GoT to be kidding me
This Let's Play was great, but I'm REALLY getting fucking tired of ''Minecrafty Survival Horror Early Access Alpha for 3 years" games.  I mean really.  What happened to making a game, testing it, and releasing it?  Are those days over?  Am I that old?  What happened to polishing your product to make sure it was bug free BEFORE you released it?  Nowadays all these stupid people are paying to be Alpha/Beta testers - when not so long ago that very job paid well.  Stupid fucking sheep.
is like DayZ but this game works.
Geoff is moron, Ryan said wait till we get in a group and Geoff said Oh okay I'm already here, HE DESERVED TOO BE EATEN!
"I'm nervous, Ryan. I'm scared when you're not near me." Aw, I love moments like that.
aww i was hoping it was a second session...
Is this a reupload?
Wow, this game looks awesome! Why did I not buy it on steam when it was on sale?!?!
make this a series
Didn't they upload this yesterday?
This needs to be a series. Who else agrees? Imagine the carnage of them fighting for survival, fending off the undead hordes of night as they scavenge and forage about the multifaceted landscape. Watch as Gavin mercilessly clocks Jack with other heavy blunt implements. They should at least finish off the week.
God damnit.  I thought we were going to get two 7 Days to Die videos in a row.
didn't they post this yesterday??
Play more PLZZ
There best be another let's play coming.....
This count as a let's play for today
raise your hand if you want to be the official ah video screener
They need to make more of these it's cool
the editing on this was trash
did they reupload it to fix the technical issues?
Fuck you Ryan. No one wants you in these Lets Play's.
Do a series on this :D
This is my favorite game :)
Ray probably edited it the first time
Mooooore!!!
Reupload?
Love the way the video has only 300 views at the moment but 1000 likes
team same voice have matching character models, first thing one does after that is punch the other in the nose.
Wasnt this uploaded yesturday on the RT site?
I thoroughly enjoyed this video. :)
It's Thursday.
This is what is going to replace lets play minecraft! .!
i swear i watched this yesterday
Please play this again!
more of this
they fixed that 25:11 flash of text so you can read not flash by in less then half a sec
I already watched the whole thing last night, even with the couple sync and transition issues there were. Whelp, time to watch it again! :D
was this reposted to anyone elses subscription wall more then once
its so peaceful without Michael. not sayin i dont like him, i love him, its jsut without his loudness, its odd.
why uploaded again?
REUPLOADING VIEW WHORES, jk. It was probably an accident
I want more i love it!!""
ok guys if you play the video at 0.5 speed it will be the funniest thing you have ever seen, i promise xD especially 26:55 and 10:40 they sound so drunk and wasted
why is this up again? What was wrong with the other? :p
Shame about the need to re-upload. YouTube should really add a feature to just replace videos with another so it keeps it's stats. Though YouTube would also need a way to auto-check the video to make sure it's the same (with minor differences). It'd work well for videos that have had their audio censored too due to copyright.
Why did they reupload this?
Didnt they release this yesterday?
Am I the only one that was waiting for Ryan say, "Well, there doesn't have to be five of us".
Awesome series (?) keep it up :D
I've been watching Lets Plays on 1.5 speed. It sounds like all of them drank sooo much coffee.
Why did they reupload somthing they posted yesterday
fixed
Omg yes I love this game it's the best
This was good I would like to see more of these.
I thought i had bought some good stuff that sent me back in time, nope reload.
Is it my computer or does everyone else have 360p?
Does this mean they are going to upload another let's play later for the Thursday let's plays?
Is this only available up to 360p for anybody else on mobile?
They made the other one private. Guess they had to reupload it.
Deja-vu
Why did they re upload it
now i get to watch it again c:
Well if you insist Achievement Hunter, I suppose I could watch it again.
Make part 2 please.
so it's minecraft mixed with dead rising? ...interesting
Re-upload much?
I didn't think the editing was distracting enough for them to need to reupload it, but it's neat that they did.
Oh...thought it was a part 2 :( didnt read it properly
Thanks for the proper edited version, it wasn't a major deal but it was cool to redo it so it wasn't so choppy.
is it only 360p for anyone else?
Dat 360 P Though
They Re-uploaded this?
Moar
Minecraft: Realistic Edition
Did they literally not upload it in 720p cause it's been a hour and I still don't have 720p option :L
so my video is only in 360p...anyone else? .-.
How convenient, I was just starting to watch the non-fixed one.
At first i thought it was part two
Awwww, I thought this would be part 2.  Really cool game so far.
More !!
Deja Vu!
??? i saw this yesterday...
Plese do a series of this
i have a feeling that gavin may have put some moldy bread in the fridge....
What if they played this every friday instead of minecraft?... I wouldn't mind...
Thought all that transitioning lag blips yestreday was just wifi lag
Whats with the reupload?
It's baaaack!!!
Why 360p
1:38 dick cactus
Wtf they played this game for almost 7 and a half hours wow that's crazy I wonder what happen in that 6 and a half hours or did they took a break and when out of lunch then continue playing
Why only 360p?
they should play charlie murder cx
re-upload?
ladies love knobs
wow 150th comment
I'm really not a fan of these survival lets plays, mainly because nothing tends to happen
why is it stuck to 360p?
I was wondering if they'd re-upload since the first one was a botched edit/render. In any case, this let's play made me consider trying this game out!
There were some transitions last time they uploaded it that just lingered on the last frame of one shot for a couple seconds before going to the next instead of the instant cut like they always do.
Wow, this was a very good, fun enjoyable Let's Play! :)
I want to see them build a castle stone walls and wooden turrets and of course moats filled with zombies.
I want to see them build a castle stone walls and wooden turrets and of course moats filled with zombies.
they uploaded this already??
There were awkward pauses in the old one
Please do more of The Forrest, Prop Hunt, and this game! ?
This is waaay better than the stomping land to watch in my opinion
Dammit I was hoping for part 2
Oh darn, I thought this was part 2 already. Silly me, now I'm all disappointed.
It was so nice, they uploaded it twice! Though seriously it's really great that they would take the time to fix minor editing problems in their videos despite how rotten some of their YouTube 'fans' can be.
There were editing problems with the other.
they take forever to release videos. usually not until 5 EST.
is it only 360p for anyone else?
they probably reuploaded because the first video had a problem, where the screen cuts were .00001 second long with the video paused for a second or two.
what was so wrong on the last one that they needed to re-upload it
Why r we watching this again
My hopes and dreams were shattered. It'd be amazing if they did more episodes of this.
Oh look they reuploaded it because it had editing problems :) To the retards telling me it had no problems I believe the term I'm looking for is "suck it"  or perhaps "I told you so" :)
Why is the vid only in 360p? Just wondering...
I tried watching this yesterday and they stet it to private WHILE I WAS WATCHING IT. I was really confused for a while :p
WHAT DE FUK IZ DIS
I'm wondering how Gavin got out of that hole...
I know what prisoners sing get me the fuck out of here
what???? I got to like 10 min and was like ??????? Dident I just watch this
To again echo the other people who noticed, several of the cuts in the original upload were dodgy so they re-uploaded a higher quality video.
Cheeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeese!
COME ON 720P ITS BEEN 30 MINUTES!
where's micoooo :(
Aw I thought this was part 2 :(
Stop copying  SeaNanners :S
I was wondering what was up with those pauses. Audio seemed fine so i could care less but very professional, unlike Gavin's nob
dam i thought this was part 2
They should make a series of this
is this edited to the point where i should rewatch it?
Deja Vu
29:20 Chris Brownman
do more parts of this!
Re-upload because of an editing issue.
is it just me or does every one have to watch this in 360p?
Ummm this came out already?
Woah! Deja vu! :o
They fixed the timing of the text cards
MORE!!!!!!!!!!............please.
I think there was something wrong with the other one, they took it down
Somehow better than their mine craft ones recently, the LP's are best when they are trying to survive and do whatever it takes, rather than the incredibly elaborated games in mine craft.
For everyone asking why it was reposted. There were a few minor editing mistakes.
and now its 360p whatever i watched it yesterday anyways :)
Re-upload?
Why'd they re-upload this?
Wasn't this uploaded yesterday?
why was this uploaded again !! fucking gavin
didn't they upload this yester day it says it was uploaded today?
why is this re uploaded they did this yesterday
Somebody find the nights, I noticed the video had weird cuts with frame long annotations last time.
FUCK YEAH!
A Rooster Teeth video and no PressFartToContinue? This is my chance! Insert clever remark about video here
Why the re-upload? I thought the last one was fine.
Is anyone else having a case of serious deja vu?
Eh, whatever I'll watch it again
didn't we already watch this? lol
This already came out?
Hi
Why was this re uploaded
reupload?
The editing is fixed on this video.
was this not posted last night? i remember watching it when i got home from work.
You guys should try Red Orchestra 2: Rising storm! It's definitely underrated, and way better than this game.
again?
deja vu
Ayyyy
More
Ray and the zombie with big tits. Still a better love story than Twilight.
It says it wa uploaded 8 minutes go, but I was watching this last night at like 2 AM on my Xbox
I hope they do more of these. This is a great game to play and watch LP's in.
They probably reuploaded this because they needed to fix the errors where the video froze right before the time cards.
They should add each other as FRIENDS in the game.  Friends show up on your map in the game.
wtf, this came out yesterday. GIVE US THURSDAY'S VIDEO
PENIS
I just refreshed to get 1080 and the video went private. Now it's back and it only goes up to 360 :(
360p?
first
Why did they upload this twice? It had like 400,000 views..
Love your videos :3
first
Did they fix the editing?
Why do people write first ? Fucking losers
I'm confused I just watched it and now it's up again?
Wasnt this out yesterday?
Why did they post this twice?
WAS THIS POSTED YESTERDAY OR AM I FROM THE FUTURE?
noooo
1st comment fuck yes
first
I'm confused
umm, what