I can’t get kills because bullets are attracted to my skull and I’m usually killed in 1 shot
I have problem in communication in R6 im 12years old and everyone tolds to stop playing this game and when i make call out they just dont care or they have been muted me
7 kill game
Idk how this worked but I got good, very quickly
I watched this vid and the next game i played I had 10 kills 4 deaths
Lol I solo qued to diamond
8:49 editing mistake
2:35 lmao
My kid is 1.4 I'm gold 2 or 3 I cant get past it
Is one of the tips to stop using controller on pc and start using keyboard and mouse?
How to get better at siege.\n\n\nTeam kills 0:29 \n\nMe: PISSED
video begins at 1:00
Did anybody else hear the mistake at the end?
1. Think about things before you do them, it doesn’t make sense to enter a room before it’s droned or peek a Blackbeard. Don’t roam in places in the map that don’t inhibit the attackers\n2. Play with the pace of your team. Sometimes your team is very aggressive and you should be aggressive too. If their not playing aggressive don’t play aggressive. Playing against your teams pace simply puts you at a numbers disadvantage
I go 12 and 4 on ranked what should I do
I like to rush caveira  first before anyone else
??great video
My gamer tag on PS4 is fizzingsoda I have 1.6 KD and in diamond HMU I got good because I’m patriotic for my country the USA and I love going on EU servers and fucking them up
Recoil 101: \nStep 1: aim below targeted area\nStep 2: Press left click \nStep 3: hold\nstep 4: walk over to the corpse\nstep 5: teabag
sometimes it runs and sometimes not you cant fix it
I always get a lot kills when defending because i play as rook and his shotgun is op.
Do a part 3
Just to let you know I play better without my friends my friend make me wasn’t to play way better than I do and it makes me worse
Nice m&kb on console
I'm not confident enough because I'm always scared to push a room because I always think there someone in there holding a tight angle
Improving your kd won’t improve your rank ??
drop down to copper or play with copper friends
Good shit, bryan
00:20 console in a nutshell
lol i was with 2 other friends and cav got us all it was hilarious although only get the game 2 days ago
I’m gold 3 and play with randoms with no mics
Lol my kd on my smerf is 4.7
you are a horrible you tuber you click baited everyone that watched this video thats 542,653  people that are still not \"INSTANTLY PULLING MORE KILLS\" you  need to take this video down
I solo queud to Plat II
The first video of yours I watched it's a bit in my face but I still liked
How about having a crappy pc :'D (me)
8:52 the voice  come back to 2nd Clue
I found that:\n1. getting good\n2. finding a sight you are comfy with\n3. listening for footsteps\n4. using a gun you know well \n5. using team chat\nall help with game play.
If you don’t choose a character you get given a random character which can allow you to improvise and and use different types of playing.
I actually played with a friend rainbow but at sone point when I was offline he was in a solo queue and met a full german squad (Were from Germany). Now he isnt playing with me just with his full squad and one of these guys have no recoil. And its kinda sad that I dont have people to play with, just because I had a break of playing rainbow and lose my skill.\nAnd now I am here watching this video at 1:39 AM writing this comment.
I don't have a phone number to join ur discord
I have ps4 and i dont play with any one and im at gold IV
discord is a scam
What if I average .0001 kills a game
I can’t join
we are listening to a guy who uses breaching charges on ash....
Funny story. After my placements this season I solo qued to plat 2 and after that I start queuing up with a squad and I got dropped back down to gold. Just now made it back up ????
pre-fire around corners
And don’t panic it will throw off your Aim
Low kill in high death games for me is less losing gun fights and more getting team killed.
Oh dude I luv u.... your confidence tip just increased my skill... I m always afraid of fighting with enemies, casual is pretty less tense so I get 7-10 kills but in ranked I hardly get a kill..... but now I tried to be more confident and I clutched a 2v5 overtime match point.\nI m a PC player and kinda dislike PS4 layers(no offence plz) but I m surely going to follow you and subscribe you....\nTHANK YOU
I’m a upcoming rainbow channel and I recently made a montage if you guys could check it out that would mean alot
Kills are cool but why would anyone want to rank up lol
My K/D and rank would be better if I had better teammates
when i solo que i fucking smash people when i play in a 3 or 5 man i lose
Just get good ??
Oh my god chaotic, I watched you a year ago when i played console and you only had 500 subs you've grown so much and you deserve it!
Play with friends stayed at Copper and Silver. Played Solo, got Gold 2. Not everyone needs to depend on friends as you think.
2:40 song?
R6 song u can thank me later https://youtu.be/DmV1TSdVOAg
Love the tips but don't work for my trashy ass.
1:10 dieing
Thanks for the good tips
Lol solo Q up to plat ez
Most times i cant kill people is because i cant fucking see them....Who thought black walls on  black shields on a black skin op was a good idea?! The maps are too fucking dark..turning up my brightness/gamma doesnt help because its all THE EXACT SAME SHADE OF BLACK\n\nUBISOFT FUCKING FIX THAT
Why do i keep getting that tik tok ad with emo girls
#1 to pull more kills... play on console
Another strategy that people hardly do anymore is droning. It’s important for that extra information for the team.
Any1 wanna play Xbox AmerBigBoi11
My friends call me Homer because I usually can get 8-10 kills and then zero the next game. Basically I do good and then need a donut...
looking for cheap but good desinger? write me in private chat \"I came from discord\" to get your first desing 40% OFF TODAY!!
I don’t have friends that have pc :’(
Just hit your fuckin shots mate problem solved
I get high kills but high deaths
It's called play ash
If anyone wants to play on Xbox one add me! EvanTheGreat27. I’m decent at the game and looking to play with a new group!
Thanks it worked and I got to about 4 to 5 kills but at time my peeking is BAD
What If I have no main
Step 1: RUSH \nstep 2: Type why u leave me imigrante_ahmed (player i met ingame)\nstep 3: Free ace
boi k/d doesnt matter anymore, Ive gone from gold 2 to bronze 2 in 2 weeks and I actually went ham last weeks, the thing is tho, I play with incomptent friends, who are below level 50, and even tho I'll get 2/3 kills per round, chances are that we still lose :D, but who cares, we have fun and thats all that matters :)
I cant access other chats on the discord pls help
0:30 that teamkill ¯\\_(?)_/¯
Lmao I peek black beards but I always kill them, most of the blackbeards ive killed aims head level, so then I go prone injure then kill.
Kinda every time i have more kills than deaths
I flank them 1
To improve recoil: Finka
The game isn’t about kills
wow console look so bad its slow asf lmao ,,,,,,,
Every time i play with my friends when they die they blame it on me but I choose to play solos so I can focus more on my gameplay so now I’m better than all of them so if this happens to you just play solo focus on the game and just play
Ps4 silver = Xbox plat
i really wanted to care about the video then i saw that this trash use a console lol end of the story i stopped there get a pc dumbass
How to rank up:don't get shitty teammates,oh wait...
Xbox and kid
im bronze get every game 10 kills but still lose of my teammates
8:50 ummm ???
5:14 were is the reqoil
Got silver 4 to gold 1
How many times have you tk’d?!
But, I solo queue a lot and I’m climbing
I've been playing for about a year and a half now, and I'd consider myself a decent player, but hearing the suggestions you gave out loud really helps put into perspective the mistakes I've been making. Awesome video! I'm sure it'll help me become a better player.
When I play it usually drop 10 to 20 kills a ranked game but on certain maps like theme park and club house I get like no kills
should i buy a headset? im playing with in ear no surround
Don't select operators unless your picking for a strat, it keeps the enemy clueless on who to chose and you also get nice variants
8:52 audio restarts?
So play as ash. Got it.
Hacks?
This tips are too shallow. Supporting your team is more inportant than doing kills.
If you want a defender to peek you if you're a BB, put a silencer in those guns, they won't know who you are. They lower damage, yes, but they are helpful, and not just BB. Any gun with a silencer is amazing. The enemies won't see the white gunshot alert.
Press '2' to skip the first 20% of this video and get straight into the actual tips.
My best game was 13kills 1 assist and 3 deaths
sub
Step 1: get gud at game \nStep 2 success
I am maverick main on casual but In ranked i take thatcher if we have hibana or thermite
Step 1: Clicking on the Video.\nStep 2: Realizing the Video was recorded on a Console. \nStep 3: Closing the Video.
Thank you so much
It’s so simple. Aim higher, duh?¿
Nice .
I solo qued to plat
I think I may be mediocre(plat 3 han solo'd) because i have pro league settings on...?? Also Hereford base for flicking practice between targets is pretty lit. ??
My main problem is roaming. I usually find a good position outside of the objective room where I know the enemy will be pushing and hold it.\nThe only problem is when every one of my teammates die in the objective room and I end up having to assault it without any knowledge of enemy positions. \n\nI need to work on my ability to have more map awareness.\nWhat I mean by that is that I have to become more aware of what's happening with my teammates when they're not close to me.\n\n\nIt'll help a lot with situations I get in outside of roaming aswell.\nSometimes I hold an angle or a doorway to the objective and leave the rear doorway to a teammate or multiple teammates. Then I end up getting shot in the back because my teammates either abandoned their position when I wasn't looking or they died. \n\n\nIt sounds like I get narrow-visioned, but I don't. I just expect my teammates to do something, which they seldom meet. Of course that's my fault though, I shouldn't expect them to do anything.
My friends aren’t good at r6 so I had to solo queue and couldn’t get out of gold 3
Thats dead
I just checked on an app his kd is 0.93
Hes trash his stats are aweful
Why is this a lyric prank? XD (this is on the lyric prank folder on fire beast)
i get 0 7\n:)
You play on xbox???
\"It can take weeks to find the right sensitivity\"\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\nTook me an hour. I just put it on 100 :p
instructions unclear... killed team and got a month ban
You never mentioned anything about recoil
Rainbow Six is not about fucking Kills! Get a PC and just play the game! For a PC player he won't be even good...
I have found out why I am so bad at playing this that I deranked to Copper IV, I have no steady friends...
Great vid! How do you record quality gameplay on your Xbox?
Like
Went from gold 3 to copper 1 cuz my friends are garbage need ppl to play wit my gt on Xbox:TrueFaithHeals
Sometimes I just panic and my aim sucks. Other times when I am confident in my aim I kinda suck at making on the fly game decisions like when to reload, when to peak, when to run etc
Kill more Die less
Rainbow is so fun but i just cant play it. I keep getting unluckily killed every game because of bad hit reg and lucky players headshotting me through the wall because of luck. Ive just finished to rankes games and in both of them ive lost to bad hit reg, bad teams, no comms, and lucky enemy players. I just wanna be able to play well but this game hates me.
Dont tell me NOT to play TACHANKA ever again.
Thanks
I can’t join discord pls help
Git gud
Doc is the biggest drug overdoser
Well for me I'm getting 6+ kills and 3 or less deaths but still lose game
I have a 1.3 kd I get over 9 to 10 kills a game. But I can never get out of gold..... tips?
Ur a console player tho
I always get around 10 kills but my team loses all the time and I don't understand how I can make it better
this is ridicolous you have been diamond once for one game and every other season you are gold wtf trashtalking gold player get diamond for real
Here’s the thing I don’t get into gun battles I get snuck up on in the most random ass places. I recently hit level 100 and I was getting positive ratios almost every game. And now out of no where I’m getting shit on
if you dont have any friends. Join my discord very unhealthy sarcasim laugh
Earned a sub! ????
hey idiot, im not verifying my phone in your discord turn that setting off xD
I don’t think imma get back to a copper... I play casual and I’m staying a gold III and I don’t play ranked that much lol
#1 Listen to the game #2 watch pro league games or tips and tricks video. #3 Warm up before ranked #4 Always try to 5man queue. YOUR RANK WILL CLIMB SO HIGH
My username is camboyz1997
I play on ps4
Please be my mentor.
The game after I watched this video I dropped 7 and 1
Condoms?
I used to play a few operators now i just play random people that seem cool and im good with all of them
Settings?
\"If you don't have any Friends, join my discord\" ??????
I usually go like 8-2 but i suck
As he says play other operators but he is playing ash ??
Your aims good asf, you make me wanna play again lol. I don't have time to play anymore and my ps4 is fucked lol. Great video
I know what you are doing wrong. You are playing FPS games on a console.
I went 15|4 as lvl 39 no smurf
I drop down to copper when i play with my friends tho, if i solo que all season, i can guarantee myself gold.
Thanks chaotic you helped me get plat and this is my first ace in plat plz watch https://youtu.be/K9x5ymm-feY
Gotta love being in copper cause if u solo queue and are trying to reach a high rank other than improve your game it’s prob not gonna work
Damn. Guess that’s why I’m in copper
Who thinks he should post more
Snort a 5 lb bag of coke and put your sensitivity to MAX.  That seems obvious.
@4:22 he said slash out loud.
My problem is confidence. I'm actually a pretty good player, but sometimes I just lack so much confidence I suck so bad, when I could actually be doing really good.
Just get a good gaming chair.
So I'm over here looking at my recommended and thought this would be a good video to watch, then I click and 20 seconds in I notice that it's fucking CONSOLE. WHO THE FUCK MAKES VIDEOS ABOUT THIS SHIT ON CONSOLE???? LIKE HOW DO YOU EVEN PLAY THE GAME ON CONSOLE??? WTFF?? EXPLAIN PLEASE? Watch my highlight video if u think I'm trippin or if u think I'm bad Or if PC is bad.
Hey bro I play on Xbox I would love to play with u someday.
It's not hard to pull more kills if you play against retards like that sledge at 0:30, On my Elo in Low Plat people 1 tap you thru pixel peeks when you've been exposed for 0.001 seconds
I don’t know which defending op I should get, Valkyrie lesion or somebody else
actually i solo q to diamond every season if you drop to copper your just bad
My Games are mostly always 4:0 + im mostly the last one alive, the prob. is i never get any kills and deaths, i just play montagne and clash.... Sad Gameplay
here is a tip:\nif you're good at the game but suddenly u can't play properly and keep losing it is time to take a break
Reflex on ash = plat
I (90%) solo queue and I’m plat 3
\"Improving aim\" \n\non console
Thx this video helped my kid a hole bunch
Or maybe they are hacking the game
no offence but im only plat on pc and u play like a fucking copper
Hey mate, \n\nLove the video, I will defo consider using the drone more often and trying to predict more xD\n\ntho I need to say, I solo queue only... I hit plat the last 2 seasons with it and was kinda satisfied with it.. but I cant manage to get things right... my placements were terrible and now I am Gold IV... fml.
I love rainbow and i am getting better add me ps4 Ceodanny
step 1- Play Ash\nstep 2- That's it
My biggest pet peeve is when a youtuber claims to have knowledge on how to get more kills. Kills are skill based and you need to play the game to develop skill, develop your style, and learn! Learning is the biggest part of rainbow and knowing the map and how to pinpoint the locations of enemies is crucial in getting your kills. Nobody can tell you how to roam, how to hold the objective, how to do anything but the basics. When you get into the game YOU WILL FAIL AND YOU WILL DIE A LOT but you will learn from your mistakes and you will become better. You will become frustrated at times and you will want to give up but if you keep playing and keep trying you will win and you will get your kills. If you dont have a team together find a team and focus on practicing your call outs as well, that can mean a huge difference in ranked and working together is a lot better and a lot easier than working alone. YouTube can not give you experience, only the game itself can. So get in there, and improve your game or get in there and teach some noobs how to play.
Hey can you help me in ranked whenever you can im stuck in gold
Anyone want to carry me in ranked?
i will name it, gimmi a car
PreFire xd
i solo queed myself to platinum...but its way to stressfull ^^ now im just playing casual and like to roll dice on op choice, better for my nerves and gets myself out of that comfort zone
I go 7-2 and sometimes 14-3 most games but I just can’t win games but I can’t understand why I play with friends who are good but we just don’t win
you cut the video completely short wtf xD
Can you make a vid about what settings you use because I've been playing for a long time but I never seem to be able to flick and play as well as you can. Also I never feel comfortable on the settings I play on so I always have to change them.
all you have to do is shoot them in the head, why doesnt anyone understand
Please dont take any of this as hate \n\n\n\n\nI'm honestly sick of seige. It used to one of my favorite games but now it just drives me insane. It takes ages just to find one game and when i finally do it's on the last round or on overtime match point. I never get to do anything before the game ends. However when i do find a game that just started, all that happens is that i get teamkilled or spawnpeeked and invited to parties by my teammates who turn out to be smart mouth and trash-talking 12 yr olds who say a bunch of racist jokes and typical \"ur mom\" jokes. All this as driven me to the point where i get so angry that it gives unhealthy heart rhythms and chest pain. I quit playing it for my own good
Hey I made it gold 2 solo queue in grim sky
3:00 so true lmaoooooo
I have temporary mains I switch like every second day I just play who I do good at on that day
Use hacks?
i don't have any friends tho :(
Ive recently started to use a new tactic for stepping out of my comfort zone (lesion, mira, sledge and buck): operator roulette. With the new update, siege randomly picks an operator for you instead of recruit if you dont pick one. So ill do an entire day or two of just not picking, and playing what I get.
Is there a good way to practice aiming and tilting like you do in your gunfights in the video?
Is a 1.5 k/d considered good?
1:50 One good tip is “Do not use lasers” because the enemy can also see the laser and know your position. I killed many players using laser by just looking at where they were aiming.
WHOEVERS DOWN TO RANK UP, XBOX 1 : ADD ME - iFerrari 420
Hey I'm diamond any tips to help me get to Uranium?
i was like \"hmm this video seems promising\" then i saw that it was on console..
Play bombs noob
when i clicked on this vid i thought it would be obvious stuff, but man this was a good video
How to add more kills... “plays secure”
Spends too much time talking money
I want to join,  but how if im cant talk english well
I think there is a problem in the end
Condoms?
Weekly challanges are so important
I am a slower more patience player, I use sound and sight to peak people quickly on console
Dude you deserve more than 113k subs
I just want to improve not to for much and hit diamond mate
hey bro what's your gamer tag on Xbox lad
Spanish ppl? ??????
You. Do. Not. Know. What. Instantly. Means.
0:28 that was a bit of a fail (look at the kill feed)
Please add me on Xbox my username is ttv mspalding05
When I solo que, I don’t drop down to copper, when I down to silver 3, then I just carry.... once I get to silver 3, then I carry to get back to silver 2....
There are so many clips where I thought \"does he even has sound on?!\" You make so dumb actions, if anyone would have thier sound on would recognize.. Eg.: 0:21 ; 3:06\nThats not the premium content I came for.. Just get a PC
Chill y you talk so fast
4:27 \nIn some cases you might be pinned up and enemy knows where you are. \nyou should peek, and then run. don’t peek it again. It’s better than being pinned down and can’t move and it’s only a matter of time before you die.
-Mira is in obj\n(Mira has just seen this video and she wants to be unpredictable)
I get in casual like 4-10 kills but in ranked i get like 3 i think its because im nervous but im not idk what is happening
8:31 Yeah, i was trying that, my teammates are dumbass roaming sausages... Looks like they don't even have a brain, gosh...
I have 1.2 kd, but i am a copper 1.
Gives tips about how to get better *memes on people*??????
Pc players are so much better
Yeah but it's console...
need a team asia ps4 anyone?
I play much better with ppl that talk and are friendly because i feel like they give me a moral boost
You should just see what you post
Trash editing
Check your outro buddy I think the audio messed up.??
Ur insane
Um. What happened at tue end?
I’m on console and I solo queue and got gold 4 for operation chimera and when me and my friends play I usually carry in casual but as soon as I hit ranked I’m like a silver 4
Wait, 7 deaths? Can't you only have 5 deaths max because there's only 5 total maximum rounds to play?
You are shit
I play on ps4
I just wqs trying a tactical move with the black eye camera's if you are in a fight and the enemy falls back throw one to get the overly of the situation
Anyone down to play
Summary .... Gid Gud
it's about the fucking ping
so hyped for the merch man ima buy it fo sure
Add me on xbox xSmeal I was plat 1 last season
What headset do you have
i went from bronze to gold 1 when i only solo qued
Solo q ing doesn't make u go low everyone just blames it because it reason to blame when going down
How to control recoil wtf who asks for that honestly
I haven’t watched many of ur videos but I’m trying to get better at bandit, can you please make a vid on that? Not bandit specifically, but maining/playing new ops, unless you already have
It's not that. Its just weird you know where they are when there out of hearing distance. Look I'm not saying you're cheating. But it looks that way. Especially being on ps4. Honestly look at this video. If you are plat or diamond and ur playing against plat or diamond then your playing at your skill level so being able to plat super aggressive 90% of the time isn't feasible. This advice is good. Just not sold on u not using an aim bot or a mapping mod. Just saying.
My biggest problem is that i sometimes just can't see em..\nMy second biggest problem is that i always get killed by the lucky headshot bastards.. literally no recoil control just lucky headshots.\nMy third biggest problem is my shots / headshots not registering (thanks ubi LUL).\nMy fourth problem is that people with high ass ping have a peak advantage on you... like srsly.. it should be the other way around.
1:04 rip
What me and my friends did is every so often we would end up picking each others operators so we would get out of our comfort zone
I'm the best at choking up a 2v1 or 1v1 u can count on me to loss the round lol
Predictably is so true... Whenever I play against lower level people I am just confused why someone would do something so stupid. And it works sometimes!
help i keep getting around 7-12 kills a round but still always loose
my first problem:\nAnxiety\n\nsecond:\nunawareness of the map\n\nthird:\nwtf do i do when im alone against the other team
what if your like me who gets around 8 kills a game in ranked, but gets like 8 deaths or 7 deaths
I am a new subscriber
One great tip that works for me is to take breaks. And I mean week long+ breaks. I got so frustrated with the game at one point I dropped down to bronze so I then decided to leave the game alone before ranking back up to gold then taking another break and finally after 111 levels I made it to platinum with a 5 win streak. I then tested to see if I got lucky but no in casual I was 1st place for 3 games straight when I used to not at all be able to get first. I wrote all this in hopes you might somehow apply this to how you play.
Add me y’all I’m new too rainbow (Soh Phyics)
Lol, KD does not matter as much as you think when ranking up. Sure you gotta do your best to kill the guy in front of you  but just being caveira for example; she's a great scout. Too many times I see people dying while playing her because they just HAVE to win a gunfight when really you could maybe get them to 50% health and slow them down AND now you know their general location! And for attack ops I always go in with Montagne when I know my team is ready to work as a team by using me for cover and listens to my fallouts about who's where in a room. It's 2v2 I'm in the obj teammate is coming in from other side of the room I have 2 guys shooting at me teammate distracts one. I then run at bandit he strikes me I walk backwards turn my body so he shoots my shield dodge another strike and strike him so he's dead. Other guy is behind cover still firing at my teammate doesn't even notice his friend got killed I rush him he turns at me my teammate rushes in and hits him with a shot but the enemy ducks and bam I strike him before he can me. I also play sledge but that's just more about me listening around and either knowing there's an enemy behind a wall so I break it or hoping there's one there lol. This is all coming from a recent platinum ranked player who WILL go on to diamond next season.
Practice your aim until you're consistent. Soloq ranked, muted everybody, sound whore to fuck and frag out with your superior aim. EZ
I normally play 30% better after busting a fat nut.
Army wannabe
Console Players move like Copper 4s that just got the game on PC\n\nThis is just insane how much difference there is in gamespeed lol
i found solo que was IMPOSSIBLE until i got to plat, there i felt almost everyone had a mic and communicated almost every game. However, even in high gold i found team after team with no communication or mics
what about high kills high deaths lol.
What's ur sens bro
Console? lol
These tips work only for controller users scrub \n\n\n\nMaybe not tip 5
8:52 what the fuck?
This game is about so much more then just getting kills. Don't kill your teammates next time btw.
why is everybody ignoring the end?? I think you made a mistake editing
I play by my self im in Diamond
By the main picture I thought you were selling everyone on more kills=high rank. Which it can just not the highest. When I go on my smurf and play low gold high silver I destroy these guys. 8-10kills consistently... But I'm in low gold... Kd don't mean shit if you can't take your team to victory.
i got 1. 3kd but im gold 3
What I'm doing wrong? I hold a tight angle but still die when I can't see them but they can easily see me. It's a great game.
Lol i solo que every time and i'm gold 4
Drop some advice i need more fps
I suck but i try i get 2k 100000000d
Me starting the game: imma play different ops today other than the usual buck with camrs \n\nme 5 minutes later: buck with camrs and the whole team is dead and I haven't even entered the building I was busy sniping geese on the roof
In all these clips he's fighting bots. Look at these reaction times. Look like silver players
0:31    trash
Thx bro u helped me
Haha used mouse on console Xbox well done .
Him \"I just got interagated\"\nMe (a can main) \" yer I'm spooky yer I interagate and I hope u shit urself when u see me\"
3:12 LOL
IM SUBBING TO EVERYONE WHO SUBS AND LIKES RHIS COMMENT
Not bad tips, but idk man i cant take a console player that seriously.
You are a tryhard tho
That first clip was just retarded. Wtf were they doing
is that a shield glitching?\n2:32
console players have terrible situational awarness there just so bad i played console siege and got 8-10 kills a game\nsome players are really good tho most are bad
Idk why but last week I have been dominating matches but for some reason this entire week I have been useless, I only got a maximum kills of 4 (It was my most recent game btw) but an average of 1 or 0 and I have been dying a lot, I'm the 1st or the 2nd or the 3rd person to die, my playstyle is the same and I have been playing  like I have been since last week so idk why I got bad
You play like a low gold lol
if that fov aint at 90 thats a no from me
7:10 also, try out new dead zones, I couldn't use acog on any guns until I lowered it all the way, now I'm dropping 5-8 kills per game. I also am gold 2 with only 3 days played
Hey what's up guys it's ur boi skinny penis
Loving the old casey neistat music
Outro audio lol
8:49 your audio back tracks, hard.
what are your console bindings
LOL that teamkill with the nitro
Make the right decision..... to copper I go
Ha jokes on you I can’t drop to copper because I’m already copper
i naturally drop 8 kills in casual at 60 percent effort but i seem to choke in ranked and i only have the rank of gold 4 and its embarrassing because im regarded as a good player among my friends but in ranked i do terribly and choke in every gun fight its a but sometimes ill go off like 2 days ago and drop 12 and 1 in a 4 round flawless win but the very next game on the very same map i went 1 and 5 plz help i feel hopeless im very inconsistent
look my problem is i have many killes and many deaths
The not being predictable part really got me. I was playing ranked and this level 200+ was playing like a level 10 and was sitting in the stupidiest places ever, but however racked up more kills more than me and wasnt even that good... We won the match but he carried us..
i solo queued and got to plat 2 in white noise
Im stuck in a limbo Bronze I - Silver  IV
idk my friend dropped 11 kills and me and two randoms all dropped 7 kills each and the last random dropped  on our team went 1-9 and we lost
Thanks for the tips these helped me get to plat 3
Im trash at this game
actually the best tip vid ive seen, I dont rly  need those tips, but really good to show my friends so they can inprove and I understand that it helps new players, well done dude
1:00 to skip all the bullshit
I solo qued into plat but my k/d took a very heavy hit
I was bronze 4 then I pushed to gold by myself (cuz none of my friends are decent) anyways yes I was solo queueing but I jumped to gold 3 without losing a match
0:30 the team kill??????
Silver White noise charm ??
I've been playing with a lot of ranked randos and am coper 4 with 1023 and need 1400 any one has a ps4 if you do add me it's girl_luicalibre
I want to play with you can I?
I’m plat 1and just can’t get that diamond consistently
fuck running from cav I hunt that THOT
At least play with one other player that's what I do and I'm almost platnum
Console vs pc. Not same skills or tactics
Lol this is on console\nReaction times of other players on console is slow af
My sensitivity on console\nVert: 100\nHorz: 100\nAds: 23\nAnything I should change or try working on?
Do you have custom condums
#BAIGE
...And that is a new subscriber
Hope this works
I did a solo queue and got Gold 3
Is anybody done to play rainbow with me on ps4 if so add me @btwyman04
I have a few main ops cav doc rook iq jackle
This is amazing... I hate the argument of pc vs console... we're all gamers, we should all love each other. However you have to acknowledge the hindrance of the controller vs mouse and keyboard... but despite this.. no joke.. you are the best console player i have ever seen and could probably beat my pc friends. <3 what a lad
I got 11 kills thank you sooooooo much
I understand my weakness, so I'm already a god
Sometimes I have low kills high deaths and other times I drop 2 aces a game
00:31 HAHAHAHAHSHSHAHA
Yesterday i got 12 kill on rang mode but i lost a rang??
I thought I could watch this and improve but I do all this anyway thanks anyway I guess
Liked subbed discord ?? ??
0:30 we all gonna ignore you killed your own teammate?
A lot of the people you kill in these clips are really bad and have no ears or team communication
please try  mouse and keyboard
These tips are false, I will never trust a console player.
Secure…
What I've noticed is that too many people want to have a high sensitivity and expect to be like Beaulo
O aways flank
when u solo que ur self to gold 2
Secure....ouch
Who da hell cares about thier kd
Does your sensitivity settings apply on above 60 fps? In my opinion, 60 is just too slow instead of 100 which for me, is a lot better.
Bro u are on console dog
Is there anyway you can make your right analog stick crouch?
How about aim down sights?
HOW TO GET MORE KILLS\n\nPLAY ASH
Don’t suck you scrub
Guys just play more and practice, start playing rank, these are usually common sense tips
How to get less deaths on ranked\n\nLeave before you die cause that doesn’t count on the scoreboard
Yay more shit I buy but never wear outside because I feel like I’m a complete idiot
Be unpredictable on defense and shift + w with ash and find a way to drop shot in 2018 and you’ll win
never listen to tips from a console player, sub plat 2 pc player, or a person who plays anything other than bomb... this guy breaks the three golden rules of siege tips
pretty bad tips
Step 1: wait until free weekend\nStep 2: make Smurf account\nStep 3: EZ KILLS
I solo que and i am plat
Great video... good way to analyze your game is to save your footage. It’s easy on ps4 not sure how easy on everything else but looking at yourself play helps a lot.
1670 hours into the game but never reached plat as my squad is so bad.  Hope to find some good people ready to join in seas.
Nice Video
And I just want to say to ppl that solo queuing isn’t a guaranteed rank loss, I got from bronze to gold on my first season playing from solo queuing.
These tips are pretty good, but you should make one for people who are higher level and generally get kills and work well in a team but still lose. An example is I generally enter from detention in border as ash and clear out roamers and lock down the hatch above so they can’t flank around from armoury. I generally get near double digits every game but I lose games quite a bit and have dropped from plat to gold.
I played 3 games today .\nFirst game 9-2\nSecond 8-3 \nThird 3-7\nI dont know what i did wrong\nDid i get to cocky\nOr was it just my luck
Why do people call solo q bad I win so much solo q or even on a team clearly if you are supposed to be in your rank your most likely not gonna have a problem winning because most players are out of place with their rank
U literally forgot that Rainbow Six is about more than just getting kills. Keep up the good work anyways !
is this casual\n??
Thank u this video got me into platinum and now I’m used to playing in platinum
RIP Bradley7272.
3:46 close call
I can use any op :))
What if a gunfight is lost purely because of hit detection?
What's a sens
Stop acting like your good, because, 1. Your a gold, who go 5points into diamond last season and been gold every other season. 2. You have a 0.9kd
What do you do if you find yourself at a much higher rank then your friends and they are all I play with I'm plat 3 last season there all like gold 4 and 3 but I love playing with them more than anything
I solo cued in ranked for a day. I drop down to copper 3 but I’m a silver now because the solo cued got me more knowledge on the game and I got a lot better
Dude is a fake. Using keyboard on console is ez mode.
I didn't even know until today that I was in ur video lol at 7:47
Any other nubs here?
Oh look ash with the r4c - _-. Because that isn't a noobish op combo.
You got fuckin destroyed by the godlynoob
Youre trash kid.
it should'nt even be about fragging its about skill
Really nice on describing the situations (:
Kills don't matter in ranked, winning the match is what matters. I've seen people with 1/3 of my k/d and are a much higher rank still
Move to PC. See how useless these tips really are
I played a ranked game against you in coastline, it was easy no offense??
Seems like u play against retards tho
I'm new to this game, what happens with interrogation. Like, when you or others do it.
am a copper because of team mates(was silver..)
I think there was an editing error in the end chaotic.
I litteraly get 0 kill sometimes
Can I borrow your enemies? Mine like to actually hold angles from every entrance
i have friends they all suck i carryed them to diamond but there hilarious too
If I’m going 12 and 1 in rank is that ok?
Lol a dude that is playing ash acog give you tips ???? don’t listen to him guy ????
I now play ella and zofia most of the time, but I will switch up for certain maps or enemy tactics. I have also started dropping much higher kill games and trying to improve my callouts when I die.
I’m a relatively skilled player and this still helped thx man
All of those r6s tips and they are all on the console. Allready sick of these clowns.
Jesus what a god, I never knew Xbox had a player like this
Lmao I solo que to plat
What about never peek from the same Angeles. E.Gchurch peeking then probe peeking not prone peek then prone peek
I used to be as good as you and had a plat 2 rank but then stopped playing because of fortnite. My kd dropped like crazy and I cant really pull in aces like I used too. Hope this vid will help
It’s really tough having a high kd in high ranks. This season my rank went from gold 4 to bronze one and back up to platinum lol. I solo queue so I really just gotta get a bit lucky. I’m consistently strong on the team though.
How about a video that shows you how to play a your role on defense
I don't have a op what do I do
How to instantly pull kills on siege umm aim for the head????
right at the end \"everybody has a main op...\" video ends
Don’t play console and you’ll automatically be good xd
Buy a good mouse
I do all these things and I still die i get about 9-12 kills a game and end up in gold with coppers and have to carry them and rank down I’ve only gotten gold1 heighest RIP maybe my team just sucks dick
What if I have multiple people I main? Like my og mains are ash and twitch and jackal but I also regularly play sledge, thatcher,hibana. On defense I play vigil,jäger,rook,maestro,bandit,ela,mira are these enough variety?
True words = Solo Queue and u will get Copper. Can't get out of silver mostly cause of randoms too (and my mic doesnt work in game)
I have a low K/D on some games...But I like to lie to myself and just say it's because I main Montagne.
0:25 \n\nworth it
You should mention, for console players :3
I solo qued i played my comp games and got ranked in Gold 3 lol is that ok?
Xbox one THEMOB123 I’m a decent player
What about high kills high deaths? My sens is 100 and 100 with above average aim
i am diamond and i agree with what u say but on the other hand u have to understand people lack patience and get bored like me for example i hit diamond using my skills and play safe i hit diamond then become over aggressive and over confident(cocky) because other wise i get bored
this friend shit is bullshit and making friends is bullshit everyone favors youtubers then anyone else FUCK THAT gotta solo queue everyone is just a annoying little kid or some fucking freakaziod
What if you have bad headphones
What do I do if I get high kills (10) and medium deaths (5) I'd say that's about average for me
Am in console have no friends to play with??
I call caviera the scary ghost caviar
Your not even that good ur potato
NO FREINDS MONKAX
Can I play
1.4 kd...and i am still a sliver 1 need a better team
Custom dildos
I average 6 kills per game and 6 deaths.
What if I'm level 120?
8:40 just use U and make sure you are not a 12 year old :)\n\nAlso i liked the video, but the caveira part is a bit... moving with team is not a safe ticket, also you can move alone if you know how to counter her which is actually nothing else than to lookout for these tips and increase your spacial awarness to 300%.\nThere were times i killed an entire team with her, and there were times i killed caveira in 1v1. All depends on game knowledge.\nI only came for this video cause i am a bit rusty nowadays and actually these are good tils better keep these in mind.
Dude just get kills b
ps4 add me gold2 brother_maleik
I found this to be no help .. Also my videos are far superior
Okay just because you die it doesn’t mean you got into an engagement
I want you to be my friend though????
I just dont understand my consistency or luck. I think I'm cursed tbh. If you ask any if my friends what a sign that we will lose the game is, they will say \"Eli going positive\" because for whatever fucking reason every game I go positive we lose.\n\nAnyway back to being consistent, one game I can go 13 - 4 but next game I'll go 3-6. I thought maybe I'm just better in certain maps but that theory was busted when I got chalet twice in a row and did exactly what I said. Idk what's changing between these games but I would like to fix it :((((
What if your good sometimes but trash most of the time?\n\nPS i subbed
What do you mean by play with a team. You play with a team every game. Just the fact people don’t talk
good content got my subscription ????
u have rly good aim for xbox
I dont have a main operatot
1 : play jager \n2 : play ash \n3 : play vigil \n4 : play Blackbeard\n5 : use drones/cameras\n\nEz clout
that audio at the end was a bit fucked
Thanks for this video, it really helped me identify what I’m doing wrong
You sound extremely like my dad who always watches me play and tell me the what to do  in every type of situations I guess life experience helps in games cause he is a retired swat officer
not everyone is rich enough to buy them all :)
I’m rank 56 and a smurf account (which was rank 351) called me a pro player.. am I actually so good?
What did the librariansay to the child?\n\n\nRead more
My ranked kd is 1.8 im still bronze 2... i just started playing Again tho.. i improved the kd from 0.7
Your discord isn't letting me talk in the messages
I'm trying to get diamond but I'm trash I play ps4 and I'm trying to get carried so if u good message me on ps4 it's Boss_gamer_7400
im a diamond why am i watching this lmao
Ouch every advices striked me on point
i'm really overaggressive which is good in certain cases cause the enemy won't expect it usually but i always rack up death so much
how is someone who has a 0.9 kd showing everyone how to get kills, lol.
?? play an op too much I never have that problem I have 7 or 6 ops I play on each map I have no main! Any ways great vid help me out a ton
Has anyone,on reflex,shot a clone. Idk why she is supposed to be good,I have never shot them on purpose
Whats your xbox name
What about me I do good or aful and thers no mit
I need a team, i am not a noob as well as a pro i play a decent game, just need some players who'll play with me, i've been playing this game alone for 5 months.
I normally go 7 and 3 in ranked on pc is that good
You're emphasizing the wrong goals. Kills aren't a focus. Winning is. A lot of high tier players have a k/d less than 1.0 But they win.
You don’t need to put the idea that the game is for kills, this will influence more three speed mains playing aggressive for kills than more team based operates who don’t often get as many kills
Thx for the tips this has actually improved my gameplay a lot!
That was the most accurate description of confidence and cockiness I’ve ever heard
you messed up the cut at the end
ps4 methods not gonna help me in pc :|
i literally solo q to Cooper 4
If you want to drop more kills and have better accuracy play on pc
I like to play as an anchor (mira, rook, doc, lesion, maestro...) and i always end up with low kills, low deaths. Either my team (we are usually 3-4 premades) always kills everyone before they get into the objective or im the only one left and i die in a 1 vs 5. I know, ur going to tell me this cant happen every time, well, it does, and i don't know what to do anymore. I can't improve my skills if the only time i get to shoot someone is in a 1 vs 4 situation where i get fucked every time.
0:42 He list the stuff that people asked
He never talked about Recoil...?
Lol nice outro
Ewwww wtf why do u have subtitles on
Any tips for dealing with keyboard and mouse players on console? It's becoming a issue when their reaction time is better. I play on both pc and console so it not hard to tell when they are using a keyboard and mouse.
What I do with my sensitivity is I started it at 20 20 and then every 2-3 games increased it by 2-4 points each. It’s honestly helped so fucking much
I’m inconsistent
u use keyboard
Become an ash main
Step one: Dont worry about it, if you support the team it doesnt matter what kill you get.
we live in a society
never listening to you because everyone that plays on console is braindead
if those are diamonds you playing....console makes me sad, and im not even talking about the fact that mouse and keyboard are more accurate, im talking about those time when you just creep up next to them. so sad console sucks, you probably playing 12 year old most of the time
What’s your sensitivity at?
Dont look some shit like this ... all u need to do is play
Hah jokes on you incant drop to copper if I'm already there lol I need friends xD
It’s PS4, just watch pro league or pro players, that’s what PC is and it’s more difficult Cos I hadn’t play PS4 in ages and today I played it today and I went 15-0 in ranked against diamonds and plat so
I don't have pc or ps4
After playing siege for over a thousand hours, I'd say my biggest piece of advice for anything in the game is that ranked doesn't have any correlation to skill and you shouldn't really be concerned about your rank. Remember, ranked is still in beta and has been for over 2 years with barely any changes to the ranking system. And honestly it's gone backwards. It used to almost mean something, but now it's literally random. You can be gold in one season and do amazing and next season be copper and then next season be diamond. Smurfs, throwers, people who got boosted, hackers, and all of those people will appear in every rank. And it's not just me, ranked has been in beta for such a long time and they STILL don't take how well you perform in a match into account at all. All that matters is winning or losing, and they're pretty much random
8:50 ...?
I was an ash main\nTried twitch and jackal became good at them and worse at ash
How do I find good people to play ranked with, all my friends who play are dumbasses and if I solo queue I get placed with people who are also stupid and leave
I do really good in casual. But for some reason I do bad in ranked
I solo qued and I’m noe copper 1
I dont have Friends and solo que but i am gold 1 ??
baaaaad
I’m gold one trying to get plat 2 back my kd is  fine I just clicked to tell ya is there any way to improve teammates
i like being copper 4 when ur copper 4 everybody underestimates you lol
I played at the end of Op Chimera, and finished as Silver II, bow I'm stuck in bronze and I'm awful........
1:05 says understand ur weakness and at that exact moment lol
Hey ur audio is a repeat at the end i think u put in the wrong audio it the repeat of the low kill low death
But my Main is tacahnka
Every day or two I change my main so I'm good with a lot of them...
Corey I think the audio was corrupted at the end btw
You have a .9kd??
the amount of time this guy shot thru solid walls, i see im not the only one dying to this
I only liked cause of \"bars\"
I solo queue all the time and I’m Gold
Hey I’m in the video at 3:46 I died lol
Im good but everytime i join my teamate is bad so i keep  losing in ranks whos has the same problem?
I think you’ve been making good tips my friends always ask me to help teach them but I’ll just recommend them your videos keep up the hard work and thank you for making good content
first tip dont play on console..
i never PULL out ;)
just git gud
Whats with the outro? You repeated the same audio
How to get more kills on siege, one tip, DONT PLAY ON CONSOLE
Am a good player if I always play solo and I’m plat 1
Noobi
Can you help me I don’t know when to stop peeking and when I stop and turn and peek another angle I get shot from the old angle
Looks like the ppl you’re playing are just trash... they hear you going for a run out but don’t bother reacting...
I solo que on PC, Gold 2. Play with my (trash) friend on PS4, bronze 1.
Yo dude, I'm lvl 286 and I was messed up atm cause I haven't played for a while, then i watched the how to get higher k/d video then I tried his sensitivity (but my horizontal is 74 and my ads is 60) then suddenly my aim drasticly changed and it was so good, because of that video, I finally convinced myself to change my sensitivity, then it worked, b4 I watched the video I always think that if I change my sensitivity, my aim will get even worst (because that happened to me b4) so, yeah tho, don't be afraid to change guys, probably it will make u better.
Did u say caviar ? ??
y u bully that dokkaebi
y u bully that sledge...
Best part about this channel is you play on Xbox so i know being a god on console is possible
You can easily get Plat 2 by SoloQ.
Is you sensitivity 26 vertical 80 horizontal and 20 ads or is its 20 vertical 80 horizontal and 26 ads
Why the laser sight? Just curious, I understand the hipfire aspect but is there any other reason? Do the pros outweigh the cons for it?
It's Going To BE Fire\n\n\n\nFree beans
Wtf contêiner e eze
All of u guys need to know and learn the objective of the game not  become Ash mains
What about pulling the bitches
I'll have you know I have over 40 hours in ash how dare you ever tell me to change my op
Did you tk with that first nitro in the intro? ??????
I change my main every one or two days.. i just got bored so quickly
well, In my opinion, solo queueing forces you to play your best at all times, because if you play with a and reach plat, it means less when when you can solo queue and work with randoms and then reach gold 1. I think that yes, if you solo queue you will be teamed with the most unfit, but you can force yourself to a new mindset which is just to \"carry\" your team.
I was gold four and I start to playing ranked by my myself and than I got to platinum three
You'd go crazy if u see my clips, I literally did everything u said not to do lol
No matter how many vids I watch I’m still trash
Solo q and I'm in gold Bru on pc
best yt ever
TAKE MY SUB YOU GLORIOUS BASTARD\n\nseriously this is actually really insightful. it's not just \"here's some obvious bullshit that every other channel repeats\"
Xbox 1:  TWITCH NJNYCKID
Interrogated by who?
solo cue is fine though, just talk in game chat, if you are a high gold and above with a decent kd you will find decent teammates too I usually have two teammates doing something bad like 2 - 1 - 5 but Including myself there will always be two or three players doing even and positive.
1-have a good internet\n2-play
i normally go 4 and 4 most games it not becuz im bad its just my roll in my team is to anchor and most of the time my team just kills all the enemy team
what do you do when you don't know who to play?
So I very rarely have more deaths than kills but my kd is still .9... why
soloQ drop to copper XD its not that bad. the only bad part is when your first `10 games go  bad or you drop in silver cancer ranks. even when you have the best skill ever. if your team just one tap your whit a deagle just becous the can. you wil never win.
low rank players harder. one silver always teamkill on console.   2 gold players on pc are so bad that the tactics work. and plat and daimonds is the wey to go. ez games nice games no BS no trash playz
Wait, you are giving advice on how to get good at this game on a damn PS4? LOL!
Tip number 2 is so true. I have a Smurf account and I die so much because I don't know what their going to do
lol my first game on after watching this I went 9 and 0
Says play different ops but uses only ash, 11/10
I'm down to fuck.
ChaoticLFS \nLFS: Looking For Sex?\nI think yes!
You kind of sound like athlean-x
Music ??
Love the content man
I see that you play console and I was wondering how to avoid jamming on buttons while trying to aim, if that’s just a problem I need to work on you could just tell me
The main problem I have is trying to overcome possible situations/obstacles in that small time frame of the last 30 seconds or so. For Example:\n\n\nLet's say this is Secure and I'm on defense. Im roaming or some shit, and I didn't realize that the second to last guy on my team died, and now attackers are securing. I get there, but it's the last 30 seconds or so. I don't have enough time, so I may make the right or horribly wrong mistake when trying to contest securing.\n\nIs there any way you could enlighten me on how I should handle this type of situation?
Lemme touch ur peepee good sir
Thank you realy this video help me continue the good wrk
Keyboarding?
You should do a series of videos that goes in depth with all of these topics.
For people who want to rank up in ps4, add me : kingbadlex, im plat 1 with 1.4 kd and have a friend who is diamond with 1.8 kd, only eu server
You forgot to mention the #1 rule. Rank doesn't matter.
not acceptin tipps drom a console player
How to get better aim step 1 play on pc
I only get cocky and kill greedy so I won't peek unless Ik I can
Well you could get skilled and cheat to reach diamond
Thanks
But kills dont mattee i ave 6 and up kills u just need to be a team player and Atleast get a good amount of kills
But you play on console ?????
how to get good aim: turn your sens and ads down and dont be a try hard
console
My highest rank is gold 1 was like 10 points off ranking up but I was playing solo ranked because I have no friends that play siege anymore they all play fortnite br all day anyone down to play sometime that would be cool I play on xbox
Why is everyone so bad on the opposing team lol
Why always on console fuck ?! Play diamond on pc zzz pussy
I went from copper2 to plat today the fuck
does anyone else get that audio glitch at the end were suddenly after saying \"hit that subscribe\" it just jumps back to him talking about the 2 kill, 2 death situation
Good video
brah
you should have more spaces for Ranked on P.C.
You should name you collection K.O T H I C C
Console xd
I went from gold 3 to copper in one day my teammates can't get any kills tand when I die we lose i usually go 15 & 4 most the time but I need  ppl to play with my \n\nMy psn is Silentrageclan I have mic hmu if u wanna play
thanks man this really helped
You earned a sub
I cant hear footsteps or rappelling they are completely silent. I cant hear myself or others so ppl just run up behind me with 1 spd rook and knife me plz help. In on xbox aswell
Why is good kd important...I don't mind having 2 kills 4 deaths every game if I play the obj and work in order for my team to win...
My main defense operators are Jager Vigil Rook Doc and Lesion\nMy main attack operators are Sledge Ash Buck Blackbeard Hibana Lion and Capitao\nLOL XD
Well in PS4 there are only 5% of players who use game chat
Is 8-3 good? Plz can u tell me how to improve from that, cos I feel like I can do better (other then learning maps)
There’s nothing wrong with solo queuing I’m on console and I used to play with friends and they were sweatys and I would drop to gold 3 or around that when I would play with them now I solo que and I’m plat 1 and I don’t communicate which yes imma bad teammate for that but good video
Boy these tips r jus logic
i rarely do anyone theres and i mostly get a postetive kd
This is click bait af
When I bought r6s in the first day i found a good sensitivity ,and what about if the guy kills 7 and dies 7?
Uhh did anyone else notice something very different in 8:50 on the video?
So i heard you mention droning rooms first...my issue with that is, i noticed in ranked it becomes difficult to drone because i have so little time to actually get to obj. Ive had a ton of games where i droned 2 or 3 rooms first and i found i only had 30 seconds remaining to get on obj and either plant or secure. Is there something im not getting or that im doing wrong?
R6 is so bright on Xbox!
Well guys im -128 in copper four and i wish i was joking
From the beginning I used every operator so I could have good knowledge with every operator. Sure I'm better with some than others but at least I know how to play with them all.
I’m i the only one who got a weird audio glitch at the end of the video
I sent this video to my copper friend with a low kd hope it helps
Just asking because I'm looking for headphones that are really good for siege because rn i am decent but if i heard footsteps i would be a pro.Are the headphones you listed in the description good?
Solo q for life
8:49 Now let's analyze the player that gets 2 kills.... Uhm ok??
Bars ????
Hey I would love to join your discord but the link keeps bringing me to the App Store? Is there an invite code I can use? I’m a newb at discord so I apologize if that’s a stupid question.
Step 1: get a pc \nStep 2: play a lot
Formation reward dangerous sophisticated statistics ratio other ongoing cigarette recognize
\"Listen to movement\"\n\n- Villa
no matter how u play always drone out before u walk in a room and bring drone back to u tip 2 save drone after u find obj so dont spot
Plat. 2
I solo and I got play 2
Even tho it’s console it’s a good vid
Do I trust him cuz console players suck ass. Console diamond plays a lot like pc gold
I always get mvp with high kills, low deaths in ranked, but I still always lose games and I’m trapped in copper. Would anyone suggest how to get out of the endless loop?
0:27, sledge ??
So why would you impact when your team mate is already there?
Funny thing is all your gameplays are like against silvers or lower thats kinda stupif while saying how to improve i can hold a 12KD or so when i would play against silvers all day
1:00 thank me later
ur bad
playing siege on console is gaming suicide
Sensitivity
Taking advice from a gold who plays secure...
Nice Thumbnail
Console is way too easy lol
Once I watch dis vid I know more shit now even when I'm a gold 2
Half the time I die it’s because the trash ass hit reg and headshots don’t count
Your aim is shit
I have a probably I don’t have one main op and that is my problem I am not great with any op but I am decent with all ops
I solo queued into plats that threw the game I'm now a bronze 4 someone help me my Xbox gt is jellyfamduke
Recently Found this channel and is now my favorite
Love ur content dude keep up the great work
Solo queuing doesnt mean u will drop down to copper, i got from silver 3 to platinum 3 only by solo queuing
Just get a copper 4 on other server
I pretty much only solo Q. And im in gold but ive ahd days where i drop multiple double digits in a row while losing them then have a 4-3 game amd win????
I’ve been plat 3 every season since operation health, and I can’t seem to get higher. This season I hit plat 2 solo queuing somehow, doing nothing different than the other seasons. I think I just need teammates that can carry their own weight.
I'm always going solo, because whenever I am playing with friends I can't be serious and I'm not focused.
What if your better when you solo
custom dildos ?
Secure area diamond Oof. Pretty sure ur boosting rank too cause on ur coastline clip that black beard didn’t even look when u used an impact on the doorway. \n\n\n\nOh wait it’s Xbox nvm all Xbox players are trash at siege
Just use hacks
hey look road to copper 4 is really really fun theyre really bad and being #toxic is fun fun fun
Do I need to get the fire extinguisher?
I solo que and fluctuated between silver and copper dropping 8-12 kills. And in console I’m between silver and gold dropping 8-15 kills. All solo que. Fucking kill me
I solo smurf and am moving up cause I talk my teammate I actually like over having my teammates because they don’t like giving out call outs they rage way to much
Best video eva
Thank you! I was stuck on gold 1 since the start of velvet shell! My mistake was that I was too cocky and and too aggressive, in some matches you could see me with 14 kills and I other you could see me at the bottom of the leaderboard, i tried to be less aggressive and now I die almost 2 times less, finally got to platinum!!! I play in ps4\n\n\n\n(I want to change to pc rn ??, but I don't have money to but r6s or friends to play with, and I talk Spanish and a bit of English, that's why I'm shy and don't want to go into discords and talk to people because I feel like a dumb person trying to talk in English properly ??)
Da DISCORD!
But what if you play on console ... lol
Yo bro hmu on ig prinetime300
Good vid already have a high kid but watched just in case it raised it and it did good vid.
I have my sensitivity at 25 vertical and 60 horizontal
what's the music at 7:49
This is all well and good but my problem is with consistency, sometimes I'll got 11-0 then the very next game I'll go 2-2 and then get smashed 2-7
I dropped at 4K listing to this ??
Why kind of controller do you use
I wash bad i was a copper 4 but then 1 improved and now im plat 2
Play some more PC
What’s ur rank
well the game is all about teamwork if you play with friends, but when you play solo your teammate not going to communicate with you the entire game which is quite stressful without know where your enemy are and lose all the way.
I spawnpeek the same window and it got me an ace
Ch0ice
Poor sledge
You even potatoe ?? you trash
Just play pc
U got new sub bro
Is he keyboard and mouse?
my enemyes make all of this WRONG and still killing me with a ONE fucking shot on the arm
Solo Q is not that bad i do better when solo than in squad
Step 1: Don't be a faggot, go play bomb. Secure is trash\nStep 2: Don't use ACOG on console  if you do your fucking bad\nStep 3: Find your sens in T hunt you should land consistent headshots \nStep 4: Calm the fuck down you can get your elo back\nStep 5: Realize that kills don't mean fuck all there are plenty of PL players with sub 1.0 kd's, as long as you can play your role effectively and you make good decisions and plays your fine.
My friend played with u when u were at 600 and told me about u he said ur rly nice and that he would love to play again
Who else been subbed since 600
I already pull an5.5 I’d but I still can’t get out of gold
Just watched the while vid and dropped 8-0
You get better.
I have my KDA 1.0 because i like to pretend i suck XD
6:08 i hate to be that guy, but shit like that just only happens on console. Even the worst of the worst on pc know  how to shoot and turn and hear, you literally pushed an ash who stood still...
Gr8 vids man literally watch everyone keep it up
People still care about rank and kd? Wow
Always if i hear sr25 or mk17 gun and i know where the shooting is coming from i never peek there
It's hereditary baby ??
Great Video!
I play too aggressive and challenge the enemy, usually i win.
Do you have any tips to make my headshots register??? I have analyzed my own gameplay and it seems that my headshots no registero. Pls help
Please stop playing secure area
Ur a Gold...\nWhat do u even know dude
Fake video I solo queued and got to gold ??
...\nSupport and comms aren't judged by KD\nSo saying \"get more kills in the situation\" is garbage\nI think you mean, play Secure Area\nI've never even been plat II, I just don't play enough\nBut I GUARANTEE you, I'll easily get diamond on XBox, and bring my KD up fron 1.0 to 1.5+\nSecure area is literally where you go to get your rank and KD higher, because the objective is to rush\nAll you need to do is get control of 1 site, and the retake timer is half The time of bomb\nSo when the enemies idiot teammates reinforce every wall, all your teammates need to do is watch the one doorway all the roamers have to enter\nAll your other tips are good though, and I applaud you for that. They're pretty dank brother. Keep that up. \nBut some pros have terrible KDs and go 0-10 in a series\nBut they used their utility, droned teammates, and made call outs\nWhich is me, took me ages to get my KD to 1.0 because I'm ALWAYS support
Misstake number 999 Dont be a fcking Console player
Headshots
I don’t have friends to play with
Lol ur nitro cell killed a teammate too
What’s your guys favorite 1x scope or to dumb it down reflex red dot holographic
Almost all your plays are ash plays dude
I deleted the Game because of this reason LEL
3:32 is the hardest one ??????
“ good shit Bryan “
Nice vid bro
Step one download aimbot \n\nStep 2  get banned \n\nNow no one will know about ur kd
I like the low key promo for the discord lol
Wait but I solo queue and I’m a plat ll
Thank buddy totally agree with everything you said and this video did make me better ????
I just need average platnium teamates, me and another guy will probably carry
First video I’ve seen from you and it’s a great video keep up the work
Nice vid but i dont like my teamates im still in gold and i los 4/5 times because of them and my friends arent always on
Been playing for ever and been plat 70% of the time. This season I’m not even gold 1
This looks SOOO much easier than PC and it’s gold and platinum!! Makes me want to start playing on console.
Can u make a video about ur loadouts plzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz
i used to be a gold 1 and plat 3 player... but now in these days i am gold 4 and 3, sometimes even silver 1 ?? idk kno man its like that my aim is bad now, i dont see people and i just like run past them and my reaction time is just bad
Respect putting jid on the outro
Need to get on your discord need a name or something need a team can't go down to bronze besause playing with no team is shit inv
my dude i didn't learn anything because i am good enough and knew what to do, BUT i still rly enjoying your vids and it's great to make these videos for helping people with being better, love u and your vids!
What’s the average kd for r6. I want to compare mine btw
I solo que alot and im far from copper lol but i also play with a squad im plat 3 almost 2
i dont have friends on siege an saying that ill go  bronze im a solo queue diamond zaino 4g is gamertag so go f urself man i thuoght u were a good youtuber but ur promoting urslf in a way tat people  wil not be able to reffuse becuse they will go to copper or bronze etc
excellent vid ty
I have a question,in siege,aggresive and smart is my playstyle and it works 90% if the time,why doesnt it work that 10%?
Solo queueing got me to Gold 1, with a squad I got to plat 3. Learn how to play by yourself first to improve yourself. Then join a squad.
How do I fix my hit reg?
I have fucking 16 kills and 7 deaths is that good or bad?
.9KD making a video on how to improve KD? XD <3
I solo que quiet often, still diamond and still holding it every season. No idea why people are against solo
What is your sens dead zones and ads
Hey found ur channel cause you played with my friends love your videos will you please add me at : XxItzJosexX
easy for you to say your playing on console and with coppers.........
thanks this help me with my rainbow skills now I can improve keep up the hard work
I drop an average of 5-8 kills per match, but I'm not climbing at all. I usually play with one or two people and I'm usually top fragging. I give callouts to the best of my ability, I'm trying to find fault in my gameplay and I can't. Is it me or my teammates?
If my first ever game on pc is 7-1 is that normal
I solo que to plat every season so... I’m copper
I am a solo quege plat 3 so don't listen to what he said about his discord he is just promoting
Just send it bro and what are these clips this is why pc is better then console
I’m a siege God in PS4 but this really helps me when I don’t play after a while or rusty. Thanks
Make custom condoms
When you only solo queue and youve ranked gold since red crow ;-; but in all seriousness working in a team is alot better but if they cant hold their own or dont have enough experience they can also hinder you so I suggest playing against and with each other a large amount of times so you can all grow as a team too.
Or you can soloque and improve faster as a player
Please check me out im new x https://youtu.be/9SukfHitigU
Once I was playing against literal level 1 players on oregon (I was level 150)(on lan). Obj was kids room. So I went to basement tunnel area and started watching cams to see where should I flank from. All of a sudden I got knifed !!! Bcz the plyr thought we were at basement ?????? bcz we took it last time and then couldn't bcz we won. Unpredictability at its best with noobs.
0:13 what happened there i wanna know!!
Just a quick question do u have any good Xbox players in that discord? Me and my friends sort of uh separated
Lol he put bradley7272 on the spot rip
Improvements on your side would be -\nPlay Bomb over secure. (Bomb players are generally better. A plat two - One is around the same level as the secure diamond.)\n\nTo improve anyone's aim.\nIf you have bad stick movement in a dead zone of the controller, either replace the thumb stick or buy a new controller\nPlay T-Hunt
0:30 lol
I solo qued to plat 1. Quite happy with that tbh
Sadly I don't have any friends and somehow mangoes to get to plat 1 while solo queuing
Which barrel should i use for ash
Say it with me CA-VEI-RA
That being to predictable clip still is insane to me
0:31 lmao you tked also
I was playing with u on pc and u plugged in your console controller and shredded better than me lol
7:15 (5th tips : play with M&K)
I’ll save u 9:18 it’s called git gud scrub
SOLO QUEUE TO COPPER!!! HERE WE COME!!!
i soloqueu but im in plat
What if I went 22 and 4 ?? I'm still in gold limbo
Another thing I want to point out that I think should have been mentioned, is quickpeeking while firing in close range. Do this in close range only if you have no cover and you're in close range. What quickpeeking does is shake your head left and right and makes it harder to shoot.
This cunt’s FOV ??
This applies to PC to? Lmao. Good vid bro.
Bro I checked r6db and your stuck in silver so don’t give tips when your shit yourself
Finding a team on xbox is not easy, I'm usually forced to solo q and usually my team doesn't have mics, or they just plain suck
Your fucking discord is fucking toxic as shit sort it out just came on and got fucking hate towards me straight away fucking sort it
I’m watching this because I have a good K/D ratio and I wanted to see if you had some tips that I use so I can be proud of myself. I am noe thanks to u. The Never Story was a mastapiece btw
What about people getting tunnel vision in a 1 v anything, and just stare down one door untill they hear fiftheen seconds left and shit there pants.
Hey i solo que and i didn’t get a bad rank i got plat 3
My technique of attack is don't rush. Always drone out your path first and always always always be ready to take out a roamer which you need to hear so wear a headset.
bars...
to socially awkward sorry cant
Damn cant wait for them socks
Is there a way to lean without aiming first on console?
IMPROVE YOUR K/D\nOR\nIMPROVE YOUR KID???
Who plays on ps 4 or x box
i wonder why many ppl use laser sight on ash ?
I always love the music in your out-roes
Thanks my dude, definitely gonna be sending this to kids going 1 and 5 in my ranked games ????????
I find tht now I don’t really have a main anymore I just use whoever lol
KD TOTALLY MATERS RIGHT NOPE
Just wondering if you are using any kontrolfreeks?
#chaoticlps the thing is is that every time I play ranked I’m against lvl 300s and 280s it’s too hard I’m only lvl 152
Can’t join the discord because this link changes??
I climbed from copper 1 to gold 4 in three days thanks to this!
Thx for the tips I started using other operaters and started using cav and got an interrogation every round and I'm not good at the game
you are AMAZING my guy.
This is honestly the best video on how to get better at siege for console.
I hate my internet like when ever I get near a enemy I lag and when I lay like 5 bullets to his head then he shoots me 2 times in my chest and I die but not him
Great video man just subscribed
When ever I solo que I usually win
My friend made a pretty excellent point the other day. He said people who solo que usually suck and that’s why they have no one to play with. Since they’re bad. From the people I’ve encountered who solo que in ranked this seems to be true.
I really enjoy these videos. You have made my gameplay much better, especially the aim part. I used your sensitivity but I didn’t like it so I lowered it to 40. Keep up the videos and never stop. <3??
Kd and kills mean nothing
Do a video of what to do in a 4v5 or 3v5 for the full game
Dude ur my favorite rainbow ?? YouTuber, I’m buffalogamers brother
I’m a ash and bandit main
I'm not gonna lie I was nervous that game I played against u
Yo man I fuck with the outro
Who cares about kd
What's is your sensitivity ?
Am i aloud to join jour disvord \nBut i hav a ps4
You sound dutch lol
yep played a game where the same guy peeked 3 times i killed him once and he died 2 more times by my team in the same window everytime lol
Wut follow YA BOI? Thats my smurf lol
Best xbox content creator out here man.
I always drop a lot of kills just watching for the fun
Ya boi can play anyone but glaz
Im solo. And im in gold star
What if your shots are just plain out not registering
ANALIZE
U ever gonna play on pc again?
yoy mean shitbeard
I've had my main acount since I was a bronze but I played with my gold and play friends an my k.d is 0.73 and need 40 odd more kills than deaths to get raise it by 0.01 even though I go positive every game
Jesus Christ people still play that game bro I hit diamond every season since dust line and that shit just got so boring and now it's unrealistic asf you got niggas making holograms of themselves or cams that cannot be shot out or  drones that are invisible and get your ass drunk like bro that game is so wack now
Well my problem is the more I play the game the worse I get I used to be a god
Fooking normies reeeeeeee
Dropping merchandise like a mixtape.. We cant wait to get that ??!!!
Just wanted to say thanks. I've had plat every season so far I took a break this season and only hit gold one. I sat back and watched you tips videos glad to say it has put me back on track. I just hit plat this season. Thanks
The confidence part is very important because I only had 6 bullets in a clip in a 1v1 and had no time to reload and said I was going to loose but I ended up hitting all 6 of my shot and won the round
I solo queue a lot and sometimes play with friends but i generally solo queue casual because i dont play ranked alone cuz no one gives callouts. In rank me and my mates arent super good. Ive been gold 4 and silver 1 three times now
My video paused at the right moment and it said; tip #1: ANAL
It won't let me join the discord, everytime I click accept invite it just takes me to a link to download discord but I already have the app
Awesome ass tips but one thing if I stop playing with my main operator i get butt raped dropping like 2 kills and like 7 deaths or worse fucken no kills but 7 deaths ????????
I understood much of the video but i cant know all because i'm not the best on english so if someone can resume this video in Spanish for me it'll be great, Thanks.
These are valid points, but this is coming from a ex-diamond with a .93 kd, maybe YOU should improve your kd before making a vid about it telling people how to improve their kd
Chaotic, you're one of the few YouTubers that actually help, your video where you help with sensitivity and peeks really helped my aim. Thanks man. Wish I could play with you sometime :D
I saw one video and i like it so im going to subscribe to you. ??
i joined ur discord but i do alot of these things but im still stuck in gold can u help
Is 5 kills 2 deaths good for console gold 2?
Damn boi. Already becoming a sell out and you're not even at 100k yet?
2 tips for you bro - 1- Dont walk into rooms you know have enemy’s in then un ADS’d - 2- Lower your horizontal sens and you WILL have way better aim. And do you play with diamonds? Other than that good vid bro
Nice video subbed liked and i think those tips are really helpful unlike others
Well Im gold ll and my friends gold l at the moment I had 10 kills and my friend about 7 and I got 3 teammates who were like level 30 (not smurfs) and none of them got kills.. They were silver 4,2. I don't understand the matchmaking..
What about players getting high kills and high deaths?
Thank you for the tips man
Nice
well solo queue dropped me to copper XD
Did he say tit number one
Huge fan, thz for the tips
I mean. I guess I'm the lucky one. I only solo que and I'm plat 3
I really need help bro, I’m losing kd and I can’t get out from gold 1 I feel weak
I sub just cuz JID????
Bet you anything haters say “I was dissapointed”
Recommend not to play same op each clip plays ash
Bars, bro your awesome
How come I never played against you and I’m a diamond who are you ???
Just need gaming socks. Just kidding, nice video as always! Been here since 10k (which is not that early but he’s grown so far, keep it up chaotic!)
0:20 bruh you're teammate must have been salt
These actually help a lot especially that sensitivity tip from the last episode
I’m sorry dude but you have a .9 KD and are only gold 2 this season. what makes your opinion worth listening to?
This is funny
Can you do a plat to diamond vid. I have been making plat and doin most you say but can’t make the final push to diamond
eshkitit?
For recoil tips, play thunt (normal-copper to bronze, hard-silver to mid gold, realistic- high gold to diamond) and play your fav ops. Once a day and ya get the hang of crosshair placement and your guns recoil. Try to swap out the vertical grip asap to get the advantages of a faster ads for being caught with your pants down. Also, every operator has gadgets for a reason, some for mobility (impacts/breach) and some are for making your enemy your b*tch (stuns/every trap op ever). Abuse everything that is available and at the least, work with your team. If they are trying to clutch stay quiet unless they are about to get flanked. My thoughts...
Like insta or snap
Not on discord
Is there a way we can talk
The told me PS4 daimond is copper on PC but im like Daimond on PC but Copper on console XD
I solo queed the whole way to gold 4 (it’s still bad but still) I have been silver for so long until para bellum and thx for the tips n tricks
Be my dad?
Custom condoms
Why do you use laser?
Your forgetting a very important thing, headshots don’t always work
All you really need is a good gaming chair
I was a plat 3 with a 1.7 kd and I stopped playing for some weeks now I'm a silver 4 1.4 kd not getting better I always play with the same team and im prob gonna join your discord btw I rarely do casual im ranked even without warm-up
I can get 4 or 5 kills whit any op so tip 3 is on lock down (exept jackal )
Thx your vid really helps????
Poppin’ off
Thx for the tips
as a player since alpha (diamond to) these tips are pretty good ??\nXbox Gt: TwoMuchFlick
Console lol
Sweet, I didn't even realize this was out until an hour afterwards!
Kills his teammate on accident 0:28
I can’t play on my main account I got banned for 7 days for reasons
Ez solo queue to plat 2 then deranked to plat 3 feelsbadman lmao
Fam can’t wait for merch
When I first started playing rainbow around level 10 my aim was trash and my friend was in the 100s and he ran away from a black beard and told me not to peak him so I did and somehow got a head shot after a full clip
Whould totally buy a shirt
Just followed, and glad to!!!
Awesome tips man. Can't wait to start trying them out
Basically what he is saying guys is...   -Play tachanka or ur gonna suck!!??????
What sensitivity do you guys use on console? I use 80 horizontal and 30 vertical
Pssst K/D doesn’t matter
Ok so I have a 1.1 kd, no one cares and I don’t even care. I win rounds and give me teammates the chance to frag out.
Why did this say it was uploaded 23 seconds ago when I’m an hour lat?
wun owa ago
Greatest tip of all use the SMG 12
Just have people that'll carry you and win every match.
Just hit plat 3 two days ago and I feel like I owe it to you. Not only are your tips and tricks videos extremely helpful but watching your gameplay also teaches me a lot about flicking and pixel peeks. It’s amazing to have come from knowing nothing about how to play this game to top 5.5% of the world in just under a year. Thanks for everything I love what you do.
Great informative video! However I feel like their could be more things you could of mentioned. Besides that AWESOME VIDEO ??
Do a face reveal and one for all of your friends plsssssss. Love the channel brother
3:28 should have let Brian die first
Good advice??.....I don’t even know what to comment anymore?????????//also the merch better be freaking fire??
m e r c h ?? ??
253 likes 0 dislikes good job
Nice tips, especially considering you have a negative KD.
In the beginning of the video, did you speed up your talking to get the video under 10 minutes?
Settings?
wow no like on the fat ass cock comment, you you aint a homie tf??
What if 7 out of 10 times I'm 10-3 but the other 3 times I'm 2-7
Whenever I switch my main, either I will have Potato aim (because of the dif. gun recoil) or forgetting I'm that op (forgets how to use the Op ability)
AYY, I SOLO QUED ALL THE WAYTO GOLD 1 LAST SEASON\n\n\n\n\n\nI ended the season in gold III
My kd is 1.1
I dont think i can revive my kd, 3671-4478
Another great vid my mans, nice job bro
Great vid, but I think you forgot something, adaptability, too often i see people go into firefights, and not adapt to oncoming situations.
No one disliked the vid! :D
How to improve my kd: Ubisoft has to fix their broken ass fucking game
Dude I just wanna say that you help me so damn much I love your videos but dude thank you so much love you dude  and my dream is to be a YouTube and you inspire me
i love ur vids bro but they never help me cause i am already a diamond but i love u
Chaotic,play some r6 with me
really good tips but at the same time it dosent help they just have to practice and learn everyone plays different you just have to play more to improve but good vid man!!!
From my experience in Siege, the sight you're using makes a difference aswell. I prefer to use the holographic sight. It offers the second most zoomed in sight (next to acog) and I potato less with it.
What’s your sensitivity
need friends on ps4 add me  jonnycakes1152
0:45 alright, controlling recoil 101: aim down as you shoot
Do you think rainbow is broken???
I've found the perfect sensitivity for myself, and for my friends also. If you want to go ahead and try it out here it is:\nVertical: 40\nHorizontal: 94\nLeft Stick Deadzone: (default) 10\nRight Stick Deadzone: 8\nADS Sense: 42\n(Just remember, it comes down to personal preference, so don't expect this to work out for you. If you like high Sense and accurate aim, this is what I have come up with, but this CAN be adjusted to fit your play style. If not, stick to what you have, because it took me 3 weeks to find my perfect aim and could be the same for you.)
Skrt skrt
Corey i luv u
I solo que alot im gold 2
I tried friending you on pc but you never accepted, I’m sad
I have a friend with a 1.4 kd who has never hit gold. He carries most games.
I love your vids
Hi dad\n\n\n\nEdit:corey you say your active in the discord yet you haven't said much in it im not hating on you i still love you?
I want to get carried to plat ????????????
Hi dad
Ez banger vid????
Subbed yesterday day ur great man
Thank you have some hearts ????????????????????????????
Si papi si papi
Great video I’m a big fan !!
Hey it’s VLveT Fox, what happened to having the video out same day we worked on it lmao ??
Y people find this so hard? Just shoot them in the head
Love this channel
Yeet
I gave a shoutout on my ig
Kd is not everything at all.
Im copping all the merch
Noti gang
thx for the tips, but i'm always top fragger in every ranked game...well most of the times
??
We can’t be like as good as you only because you have a better gaming chair just joined discord good job man
I want a chance to play with you if that’s possible! I have you friended on Xbox and I do play like a plat ????
Man I wanted to be in
4th
Chaotic remember me pavenplayz
Chaoticlfs has a fat ass dick
1st
Never clicked a notification this fast
Never been this early