13:35 he almost did th r pewdiepie
That Mira you placed on the East wall you should place on the right wall. It'll be better to prevent crossfire killing you from that direction or if you have a second person playing it like Doc was at the beginning. Dope setup though, gonna steal it lol never seen that one!
On the basement strat, I like putting one Mira on the wall facing the barrel room and one on the doorway behind that looking at the outside tunnel wall, then I open that wall with the shotgun, and it watches tunnel more effectively I feel
“*whats YouTube*”
Stella Artois is a beer in France and Bellgium??
What mira gun skins does he use?
Joaquín from the book of life?
Every single time I load up one of your videos and start a queue for a match I get the same map that you are playing on and it's freaking me out.
Bruh 1v1 me Mira only
Did the rook vest save you on the drop down?
MAGA
Good job bro!!Check my new video too i am a new youtuber please help me out with your opinion????
Hi, I'm a small small almost tiny (this includes height) content creator, I am kind of new to this but please come and check my videos out. I normally make funny moments videos, thanks
Goes zofia doesn't impact shield??? Vg bro ?? your better then that way better
Your a shit Mira the first reinforcement should have been on the right side... straight away I see a mistake ???? you ain’t no Mira main ????
Im a ur mom main
I'm new to Mira so plz could you do a siege school on here cus I find them super helpful. Cheers
Did you get this strat from Get_Flanked ????
Wahkim? Is from Riverdale!
the way he says your name tho!!!!!!!
How do you have 160 FPS when my computer still gets connection problems at 20 FPS
Get_Flankedmade that first Mira strat
Who else remembers the other name he gave this vid
i got a ace with mira last night. vectors op as fuck now
Hey, was thinking about how they could nerf lion. Do you think instead of his current gadget it was more like a actual drone that you would use but when you wanted to use it the drone itself sent out that whole thing for just the room said drone was in. Each drone get so many like twitches drone and shorter times of being revealed.
Doggo's whistle when he pronounce's S's destroyed my ears through headphones
He watched get Flanked’s video on best Mira spots
What a skin in a Zofia's gun?
that miestro was lit asf
18:10 What not to do
are you spain rahqwael lol
5 ads in a 30 min vid? Come on man..
U got that from get flanked
What skin is that for vector?
10:10 "less than 2 clips" ... on a Vector... REEEEEEEEEEE
I used that strat tonight man it’s op
What's better Ela or Valk?
My friend and I are starting a team. This team will be Partaking in ESL games and hopefully more. We are looking for good players. We have requirements when it comes to rank and KD. Please Join the discord if you feel like you would like to be on this team! https://discord.gg/2ygaU7J
Was rook armor prevent Chris from down by the claymore?
Unreinforced wall mirror gang?
I want to be a better mira main but i still dont understand why you shoot out the sides of the mira when they are next to a soft wall
PSA rook armor lets you survive any explosion that would have killed you by leaving you downed how he stayed standing is unknown distance and 3 armor maybe?
Despert times call for OP operators??
7:25 should've camped on bomb A, you can see B site clearly from there and stairs as well
In Brazil, most of pro players are diamond.
verticalgaming-raquelle the true youtuber
Turned 15 today and I get a present from Chris
Mira: for the elderly to stalk strangers and not move too much
“YEA RACKUVEIL”
VIRGINTY GAMING
Bad Mira ??
Hey vg i wanna say thanks, your videos have helped me become very good at siege all though I've only played since operation meat ball i have gotten placed in plat and it's mostly because of your strats and your style of playing in general makes things easy to pick up so thanks!
METER MAID METER MAID
Roam with Rook
Do the half Mira strat that’s my favorite
A tip for Mira. Break the soft wall behind the Mira to get more sight. Like behind the reinforced wall
VIRGINITY GAMING RAQUELLE
Vertical gaming ??????
Lol @ "100% corrrelation between people at bottom of scoreboard and people who type MAGA in chat."
Stupid, I am the mira main. There can only be 1 person who mains an op in all of siege. I am a pro copper Mira who would rek u if we got in a game
Seven ads dude really?
Yo I recently got Buck do you have any tips for him like DMR or AR? Thx love your vids
stupid luis is watching this in math class im gonna tell Papa Jerry
The BM on the maestro kill.
vector shredssss
Ayy F off you commie from Canada you will never understand true freedoms, but nice vid
10:06 its a magazine not a clip
New patch for Maverick- "Fixed – Maverick’s blowtorch makes no sound on the first use on a wall." Ubisoft thinking how to make someone more broken
You guys okay Polaris every other video
Where did you get the Mira strat you used on the first round because I saw it a while ago on get flankeds channel
What is that Zofia camo around 11:30 from?
Rank matchmaking sucks as well as its ping
I just bought Mira! This is so helpful, cheers!
this game was BOMB ;)
VG stands for vine god xd
What’s the name of the gun skin you had on the ita12s
No I’m a Mira main
Nice video vertical gaming
I love how hes like im trash when he does not flick on someone...bud i couldnt even do that
YEA RAQWEALL!!
Mira is the funnest operator in the game
Whats Thema Name of this weapon Skin on Thema vector at 1:30
I just hate that ur attitude is like u dont fucking like your job everyday is like this ur just ugly in attitude and outside
He killed that guy with the Maverick torch lol.
Im 9 and i love this band
nice job raquel
Stella Artois is beer
That political comment was crap dude. No one here is talking shit about that idiot Justin Trudeau and saying Canadians who support him are idiots with no understanding of how economics work.
My brother saw one of your clips on an ifunny feature page...
I’m watching this I school
Imma Mira main to
That 2nd mira u placed at 1:07 is really bad u should keep that wall next to it reinforced and put the mira more to the door side. Talking from experience
HOLA RAQUEL!!!!
12:45 that's a kobe right there
HOOLY SHIT YOU MISS SO MANY KILLS LIKE ME
GG. Vrachwell
"GU mine doesn't affect your aim though." It does visually because of the green outline, you can't see as well...
Mira is last defence operator i want the enemy team to have
No half miras!?!?!?
Dude it looks like u used get_flanked’s mira strats from his vid
Dem mira strats tho @varsitygaming ??
Cool vid, Vilified Gaming
Why do people shoot a hole out next to a mira? Isn't it better to shoot through the wall and not be as noticable? Like, yeah you'll be able to have better vision on where they are but typically wouldn't you pre fire the spot?
So I started this mira strategy on kids room and finally now starting to see it used and now it's being used by vg hell yea
33:25 Down in a flash....
21:14 : Plays as Maverick but shoots wall instead of using his gadget ??
that crouch spam by hibana is hella toxic
VIRGINITY GAYMING
The crouch spam in ranked rn is actually awful. shit looks so goofy
When drew says words with the letter s, it hurts
Vertical gaming
I love Mira, but i dont play her much because of 2 main problems i have: A) I'm absolute trash with Mira's Vector because it's so hard for me to manage with a controller, B) I always end up with 1 idiot on my team that reinforces next to my Mira. I don't want to team kill people, but if you don't stop when I tell you to then I'm letting the Vector rip you apart.
Just saying its called a magazine not a clip
How did you get that skin?
MAGA
Where is that Mira skins from i really like them where they limited time because i have never gotten them from a pack
love ur videos vertical gaming
you should do a reaction video on your very first video of siege
Can you show me your settings? I would like to see them :D
Nice video varsity
It's usually a good idea to reinforce beside the Mira that isn't looking onto tractor as counter intuitive as that may seem.
Mira is in my top 5 for sure. Possibly top 3.
‘Rockwell’ lmao
good video Vertical Gaming!
can someone tell me how the fuck mira not die to claymore??
You know he had to do it to em.
Raquel
The East wall Mira is very risky in a 1vX situation when your player there gets killed early. A good twitch drone, or even a hibana charge can expose angles into you facing Tractor. Better off keeping the South facing Mira (preferably a half wall mira) facing tractor, and putting the other in tractor, facing east lobby side entrance.
The book of life lol classic movie
Drew gets roasted 5 min in
I like your gameplays ??
Is there a way to disable the 5v something because it doesn't pop up in this video.
Finally! You play Mira.
My merch finally came in :) love it thanks so much
i am still waiting for a compilation off varsity screaming "aaaahh" while he does something
Where did he get the skin for mira
Nice Work RACKHVEIL
Change your name to VG-Rahkweil
there is a place called laos and in their language ja is stupid
Doc, Rook, Echo, and Mira are my only defenders mains.
Rahkwail!
Pin me varsity senpai
Mira main is bae
Mirror mirror on the wall who's the worst siege player of them all?
Hey varsity!! I love your vids Keep it up! Love you
Ayyyaayayayaya
Oh yes daddy Christian give me more please daddy
Yo
Just bought mira I've been practicing in casual and Im watching this video for tips. If anyone knows good mira tips please tell me.
Seventh and Eighth
So many people leave in ranked and never come back....
Aye can I get a pin
Great video????
U mom gay
first
:j