LZS 🤟💛\nCensorship thoughts?\nSubscribe/Like/Share\nThanks for watching ;)
my house is in the map
i mean the asians are fucking great a gaming
Censorship is the big gay. let's ban china from having RSS
G
They only want to have one version of the game because they are lazy and Ubisoft is just looking for profit and dont care about their community
my hero he always hooks us up with Rainbow info
Next season prob in Christmas and the censorship should be optional like you said
It's utter bollocks. How could they do this to a game? It's just a cash grab in China
These are some dumb updates rainbow six siege is fine just put a switch for the ones that don't want it to be graphic
The first kill he gets a down with a headshot
Nerf bastion
My favorite operator is Maverick,his guns are good,his M4 and 1911
man up, china
If they fucking change anything but some of the aesthetics on the map I'm going fucking ballistic!
What’s the point they fked the game for others let’s vote to kick Chinese
If they go through with the \"de-gorryfication\" of siege, I will never play again.
It sucks the new updates sucks like fortnite
Siege will Be shet fuck chinese
blood splatter is a pretty big point, its a pretty clear way of seeing if you have damaged someone, how much depending on the amount of blood, and all the things you said. ubisoft doesnt know that this is a dealbreaker for some people, and that loyal fanbase is going for people who have never played the game, not even 100% sure they will like the game, huge mistake by ubi.
I think their censorship is just them being lazy.
I’m very mad
ubi have no balls.
Fuck what china thinks
Get ready for CHINA NUMBA WANNN spammed it voice and text chat..
They should make a map called school
well this is the new low Ubisoft has done since i started playing, but i stoped playing a month or so because at this point Ubisoft is milking the game and never listens to the community and i got sick of it. it was fun while it lasted 2 years of fun
ubi is gay
NERF BASTION
Yeah, it's really disappointing they're going away with the blood trails. this is a key element of the game and the hardcore die hard fans are very unhappy with this decision by the developers. It's really sad they don't care to listen to their faithful community that has been there since the beginning. I understand their decision to do this to capture a wider audience, but at the same time disapprove of it
This is honestly bullshit. I understand the point of Ubisoft trying to expand their player base, but these changes shouldn't be made for the sake of China, who dictates these rules. If we have a repeat of the PUBG problem, I'll never buy another Ubisoft game. Extremely disappointed with Ubisoft at this point.
As a supporter of the homosexual community I accept Ubisofts decision
That moment when Zen plans out the video to where he throws an impact at the hatch the same time he says it has a big impact on gameplay (55:00Seconds)
What about the drugs on theme park?
Yah no support for Dubai people clap clap clap
I 100000% agree with you on the fact that it should be a button, if anything you should be able to turn off hostage maps.
Completely agree with the idea of switches, why should we have to be flexible around their laws!  It’s their laws that stop them from playing the game. I love the current ascetics and way the game plays. But these changes could make tweaks to the maps that Ubisoft don’t want
I hate China we going to play with a lot with hacker rather be with Japan the Asian country
I'm pissed. China can go piss off
Siege is gay now with censorship’s
R6s Y3S4 exist\nChinese hackers nani
What about Bandit and his drugs? D:
Next demand is no killing with guns. Hypothetically stating.
Why would they take out blood? THIS IS AN FPS. YOU ARE SHOOTING PEOPLE. Why no blood ubi?
As a Chinese, the censorship authority & tencent are bs to me
operation nerf bastion
Bye Bandit!! 👋🏻
Actually, so to speak. There are many Chinese players in R6 SEA Server. No kidding.
Not only Chinese players will increase by this censorship shit, Amount of Chinese players cheating as well
Maybe Ubisoft should work on better servers and not worry about changing the game it’s bad enough they switched the maps up.
Ubisoft can just run a seperate region locked version for asia like many other games do, and let the rest of us have the game we payed for and dedicated so many hours of playtime for in the first place!. I dont want my game censored just so another country with bs implemented rules can water down my exsperience with my game. And if they start censoring now, it will just NEVER end! If this is the price i have to pay to play with asian regions, i dont want it
The play on that cavy tho
Anyone else see a screen glitch at 1:00?
Anybody else want more gore in Siege to quench their bloodlust or is it just me?
i live in a country near by the china \ni've play r6 like 2 years now\nevery match here are always fucking china faggot\nso i don't know why they are changing this shit
I think they should have the option like COD. For example turn on or off blood glore something like that
Expansion is always good but I like these things even if there small if you ask me China is great they have good food and art but they need to not have such strict censorship laws but you are right zen we need a switch gore or not
Fuckin  bots in this game bitching about skulls and blood stains on walls .. fuck sake go back to minecraft .. instead of making the game better they make it family friendly.. fuckin trash.. season 4 .. is gonna be the end of this trash game ..\n\nFuck chinese people..  ubi is more hungry for money that they are for fixing hitreg
Ubisoft has left the server\nEA has joined the server\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\nGreedy ass niggas
rainbow six siege has absolutely nothing to do with realism.
Better dead than red!!!!!!
NERF BASTION!\n\n\n\n\nTik Tok memes, I’m sorry.
Good job Ubi, now I'll have a hard time communicating with my teammates because of the language barrier
Does this mean that the Alpha bags are going to get removed as well? Every game you have a chance of winning and after every win you have a chance to receive a new cosmetic item. Not to mention that the special event bags have a random drop rate as well.
feckin china ruining games. stupid no freedom communist shit. instead of trying to sell your game to shit asians you should focus on home and get your game so good that more americans will want to play it and buy it. But no tom clancy rainbow six game has ever been good. CSGO rules the fps realm.
Hey guys chinese pubg servers moving to siege yall
Screw what china’s laws are leave siege how it is China needs to learn to adapt and not have the rest of the worlds happiness based on 1 countries laws
They removed the Cool aspects to bring the game to Different And larger country's Player Base Im not totally with it but lets give it a shot After it comes out on to different Country's Hackers Take Over rainbow six Player Base Im Refunding ...
0:57 says direct impact while blowing a hatch with an impact
God daaam chinies
0:57 \"Its also possible that it might have a direct impact on gameplay\" \nThrows impact
Zen brother I agree with you I wouldn't love to see an awesome legic game lose its blood over China decision couse if the is what makes it awesome fun why changed I'm just feeling bad for ubisoft throwing all their hard work away R.I.P. to some operators in rainbow six siege
The censorship is HORRIBLE!!! Ubisoft is making a horrible mistake, they are ruining the integrity of their company and game. The Asian PL team was TRASH ANYWAYS WTF! STOOPID
For blood they should add a paint colot of your choice that would be cool
Chinese are already playing, this censorship won't help at all
We gonna ignore how you shit on the kid in the beginning?
Wtf Ubi, you are destroying your game
Lets See how far this also will damage the Esport Market..
Honestly you Said everything. In the Core: INSTEAD removing These things completely, make it an Option for us to Turn it off or on of wanted. We followed this Game so far, we supported it, bled with it. So why removing the Things that are normal for us, making the edges round, giving a way better feel when being in the Game? We did so much for Ubisoft, now its their turn to hear us again
To bad for China
China needs to go
So let me guess mortal kombat is banned in china 🤦‍♂️
DAMN I DONT WANNA SEE OR HEAR CHINA NUMBER 1 AT CHAT OR VOICE CHAT
bruh they should just have two teams
Im not getting off red dead
They couldnt add a switch option because, like you mentioned a blood splatter is a clue that helps you, that would leave some players at a disadvantage because they wouldnt have those clues
Do they take out all the drugs in the game like on coastline or theme park?
Ready or not will put out siege
I don’t wanna get raped by a new race of tryhards
Will doc's and cav's skull headgear be removed as well?
Chains hackers yes. Lovely
keep casinos blood everything them chinese guys can sukk
Deadass I'm going to miss the stripper 😔🙄
Paying 120 dollars plus waiting 2 years is not my thing
So Caveira face paint will be Censored
Yo fuck china policy,we're not Chinese
Simple don’t sell it in China and leave the game how it is if the community doesn’t want the change then don’t change it.
Those motherfuking Chinese opressors!
they shouldn't take off the gorge they should have an on and off button for the gore
If they want clean games then they can go play wii or something for kids
I don't care about censorship if it means we can get asian to join siege
Screw China they need to stop being a bunch of pansies
No blood in FPS yea that makes sense. They might as well take out the guns to so we can play with sticks and stones
Fucking sjws
It's not even that big of a deal 😂
Expected news for Blackbeard buff. Didn’t get news for Blackbeard buff.
Might as well have the maps emptied. What has happend to humans really.
Feels like they make the game more and more kid friendly facepalm
Hey guys
I love your idea of giving them the switch it’s always  China isn’t it
chinese player are huge problem to the community, 90% of 'em are hacker.. because I was one of it
Can I just say, China has honestly made the game so much worse. I mean if they are complaining about violence meanwhile it's an 18 PLUS GAME. If your being a pussy, and you don't like the violence then stop playing it all together instead of spoiling the entire game for the rest of us. Retarded.
this is bs about the changes coming to seige
I don't mind the changes. I HATE that I have to live by Chinese censorship laws. China is led by a dictator, instead of bowing down to them, fight them. Dictatorship is in no-way good. I even hear many chinese people say that it is horrible Ubisoft bows down to Chinese laws. But yeah, the more money they can get, the better I guess.
This is why we need a wall
Still upset about the censor bs make it a option to keep or take off
Can’t join on iOS rip
Well I guess I’m not playing this game anymore
Uninstalled... \"they removing just the neon girl from the wall\" Ye-ye... \"Every sexual content\" so, what about the thicc operators? :'D
its like Ubi wants this game dead, like come on! removing everything that has to do with violence in a FPS!?!?!??!!? WHAT THE FUCK ARE THEY DOING!!
Nerf bastion
Personally, I'm really looking forward to Y3S4. Its the first time since I got the game that I'm getting the new operators when they've come out and I'm very excited to learn the new techniques and weapon styles.\n\nI'm not sure how I feel about the censoring. I'm glad Ubisoft is doing it because they want as many people as possible to play and enjoy their game. I'm mad because while its good we get more players, its bad because there are going to be major changes to some maps which means that certain parts where it was safe to hide aren't anymore.\n\nEither way. I'm looking forward to whats new and am not looking forward to learning maps all over again.
Sooooo were changing the game for a bunch of hackers nice
R.I.P theme park... ‘’drug use’’
I’m a Chinese player and that censorship is just unreasonable and Ubi can definitely make separate versions of the game so that the rest of the world doesn’t have to suffer from that censorship.
wow china wow really that is so lame so fucken lame just don't play it if you can't handle it wow
People have blown this way out of proportion. First of all, those icons could just be switched in a patch for zero reason, as many were before. Furthermore, no one would care if the stripper was changed and the bloodspatter taken off of it wasn't put out like this. The vast majority wouldn't even notice.\nThe removal of 3D assets has some standing in people being mad, but it's blown way out of proportion.\nThe real issue? They released this all at once and framed it in a way that can be called censorship. If they had done it in pieces or not made a blog about it, the word \"censorship\" wouldn't be attached to it at all. And it's that word that is sparking keyboard warriors, not the substance of the changes themselves.
Just expand it to Hong Kong only obviously.
yup becouse the chineese are wel know for playing fair and never cheat -.-
Ommmm they made hentai they could take gore and skulls
This is retarded about ubisoft
Wait you are telling me that china is NOT ok with some blood spluter,slot machines and other in game things because the cant sell them but what about vr kanojo (dont Google that) and other gory and nudity +18 games that not only they make but also sell. China is ok with gore (not the cod ww2 type gore) its Just ubisoft trying to make some changes because Who really cares about some blood or a slot machine they are Just changing things that wont really bother us shooting each other
Green blod
Well guess its RIP for cav.
I’m sorry but can we give a shoutout to sledge at 5:07 for shooting his teammate and avoiding being discovered?
I hate the censorship, it should be a setting you can change, depending if you want blood or not.
THEN WHY IS PUBG ALLOWED IN CHINA IT HAS LOOTBOXES, BLOOD AND SKULLS
Jesus Christ is lord of all! God bless you all!
I foresee the entire theme park map going. It’s a map in China with Chinese characters filled with drugs and a lot of heavy cult imagery. Hell there’s an entire room dedicated to the cult. I don’t think it’s an unreasonable fear that we may lose the entire map. Hell look at what they did to the blood splatter on Chinese paintings. This is really really upsetting to see siege do this
So does that mean Lesion and Ying are getting buffs? You can't kill the Chinese operators without threatening China. Or maybe it's a technicality since they're from Hong Kong?
has a direct impact *throws impact grenade immediately after sayin the word impact*. or am i the only one who noticed and laughed about it xD
Rip drug lab in Theme Park
JUST CREATE ANOTHER GAME FOR CHINA FFS\n\n\nAre they gonna remove drug lab on theme park? FUCKKKK THE CENSORSHIP
If they experience a player drop they might undo censorship
This sounds almost like cultural colonialism. China is considered the dominant market so we have to abide by their laws. Whats the point of our politicians discussing and voting on issues if China gets to decide what we consume anyways.
They gunna get rid of Bandit now??
From what I’m hearing, China blows soggy dick.
I think if somebody doesn't like this awesome game then DON'T PLAY IT SIMPLE AS THAT these Asians don't deserve this game
I hope after giving you $120 I get something out of it
1.I get ready for \"China 1. One \"\n2.Even if you live in Berlin,London etc you play in chinase servers always\n3.fix ranked,casual why i am not even ranked and i fight against Diamons
Not cocaine room and drug lab!!!😔😔😭😭😭
Straight bullshit
CHINA IS SHIT！UBISOFT should really let China out of their business area you guys really don't know about China ！HK HERE。they just blocking some thing they don't like similar to North Korean also u can see tho YouTube always block but yeah of cause they're smart they still can find a way to use that😠😡😡😡😠😠😡😡😡
No China please, too much Chinese hackers pubg taught me this
Fuck China they suck why would u hit change knife to fist
#notmysiege
If blood splatters becomes a major issue, how would you guys feel if they changed the color of blood to bright purple or a neon color?
My thoughts \n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\nF china
Rainbow is great...but edith friends now that i play on PC And have no friends i miss my PS4.
Why is China complaining? Didn't they try COMPLETELY ripping off rainbow on a mobile game?\nEdit: Also this is a mature game which warns people about the game so why should they complain?
If they get rid of the blood splatter then they can’t call it a realistic game
I know spanish and as far as I know cavs name doesn't translate to spanish. Spanish is different depending on the country but as far as I know it's not
If these censorship updates become a part of siege, im selling it and never playing it again its pathetic, \nAnd a good man on reddit who was banned for making this point said that if you are gunna go through with this you have to take the tom clancy name out of the title he would roll in his grave if he saw his universe bowing down to a corrupt government like the Chinese\nIts such a joke \n#RIPsiege
That’s bullshit that means people in Asia can join EU servers with 500 ping and just demolish us because of there lag I’m going to quit if they do this
If siege all the blood ill stop playing ubi games
Just got the Jäger skull mask from the Halloween event, when it's removed I would rage for days. Fact
These things need to happen in order for the game to grow. Sad or not China is a huge market. \n\nIt's good for the playerbase and it's a thing that must happen. Yes, it's not ok but i can deal with that. As long as the gameplay and feel is the same.
Gore Switch <3
Uhhh this is so dumbbb
The chinese are pussies
Thanks, zen. Finally some calm discussion. It sucks that theyre doing this but i think people are overblowing things. We'll have to wait and see for ourselves, hopefully ubi doesn't mess this up
I hate that there taking out the knife  and bring in the fists
fuck china. fuck overly sensitive people.
China doesn't want skull in their game but they are completely ok with shooting unarmed civilians
Trust me,its not going to be good for anyone. Chinese is super toxic.
This is a joke we suffer because china needs a safe space
does this mean they are gonna get rid of the cocaine lines on the bench in coastline
I dont live in China so why the hell do I have to play with their laws?
Why remove blood in a game about shooting and killing
Yknow I saw Blackbeard in the thumbnail and thought it said massive nerfs...
KOWALSKI ANYASIS
Blood splatter in pubg for China is green ffs
Screw China
How about an update where I can find a match in under 10 minutes lmao
The Censorship thing is dumb, China already has their own version of the game and they can play with people on other servers without issue.
I don't agree with the censorship. What will they do with Yacht? They have an entire room dedicated to gambling. This game is already rated M. Nobody under the age of 17 (in the U.S.) is supposed to play. No it doesn't change gameplay but it does effect the immersion. When I see a map with bullet holes. I expect to see blood and or dead bodies.
It's simple, I've spent a good amount of money in the game already, and I know others have spent much more. Add a region for Asia that has these things turned off and leave the rest of the world alone. This is already a mature rated game, and if people can't handle it, don't play it. We're supposed to have freedom of speech, so all this censoring isn't needed and feels more like the game itself is going to be held back. If they have all this extra revenue by bringing the game to the rest of the world, they should have plenty of money to have a team dedicated to these kinds of changes. All they're doing is removing a few objects and changing map design, the rest of the map and game will be the exact same, so why not have a separate version for them? Saying they want to have only one version sounds more like they are cheap and too lazy to make more than one, and that to me seems pretty pathetic.
May be there a sand storm and if your outside u die
I could honestly care less about the censorships... Like, I feel like it'll be one of those things where everybody complains and flames China n shit for a week or two, then a few days after release, nobody will care anymore. It's not changing the gameplay, and it's shit that I don't really pay attention to.
Do you want to be Winston? No \nBastion? No \nWind bastion? Hell yeah!
I understand why they would add censorship but the people who play the game for the hardcore graphics, gameplay, and gore religiously may cause them to loss some of there fam base if they alter to much. I advise them to make so different versions of siege and or two different modes and or settings that a player can use before a match and or during a match to apply censorship instead of being forced into it. Sadly knowing Ubisoft for a long time they might just change it due to them already having there mind on it and it’s hard to change there mind so if anyone can bring attention to this please do.
Alpha Packs are a form of gambling 😂
i gonna stop play r6s and play overwatch again
I'll be wind bastion
im reporting ubisoft for greiving
looks like the dev's aren't going the right way with the game
I would be cool to see some comments about Wind Bastion...
wtf are they talking about there's already chinese r6　and its not cencorned
Rip neon stripper
My grandpa died during the revolution in my country to remove the communist regime AND NOW , THAT I AM AN EUROPEAN CITIZEN, I WILL NOT LIVE UNDER ANY COMMUNIST IMPOSED RULES
Morocco - yes\nIsrael - no\n:(
Ok you can censor maps you can censor icons, but don’t you dare touch my cav, got it, good.(also there are SO MANY EDGY HEADGEARS)
Lets vote kick china out this is a American and it stay American
Yo
Cry cry blood splatter omg we cant have that cey cry.... I china lead by a 6 year olds that cant handle seeing blood??? Mexico has their own religious acta.... But you ignored them cuz y want fucking money and china has that money... Fucking ubisoft
Dont put blackbeard in there without saying a change about him😤 and Idc about youtube changes, your title is Rainbow not Youtube...Just saying
If skins get removed or camos... better get my fucking cedits and renown back.
It’s always China’s fault - Donald Trump
Everyone should re-read the patch notes. They are censoring ENVIRONMENTAL blood stains. Not when you shoot someone. That is not environmental
Its a “huge change” fuck off. They are making a few changes to the way the game LOOKS. It changes nothing with the gameplay. It’s understandable to have one version of the game so they don’t have to have a split dev team. If cosmetic changes bother you fuck off
China, \" no violence\" siege, \" Screw what the rest of our player base says, we gonna try anyway!.... wth Ubi?
Why not just change it for the Chinese copies like every other game does?
Rip drug lab and Oregon
China Numba Wan
Why not make 2 different vasion
Who wants to boycott siege?
NERF BASTION
0:57 was that on purpose?\n“It might have a direct impact” throws impact grenade
I cant be the only one who came for blackbeard.
This mans just impacted the echo drone at 2:00
I swear Siege will end up like fortnut... :/
How about the skins?  The skull skins like the face of cav,  the legendary skin headgear for Jaeger?  They will Change too?  Instead of Skull they will put some mask?
Pengu is gonna complain about no blood next :)
Its a rated M game for a reason smh
I dont rly like it I've played since may 2016 dust line dlc its changed a lot but these changes I'm not a big fan of \n\nBut everyone has their own opinions and that's mine.
Australian operators where u at dog
The dam aog scope has led like it’s a rave 💀
To be honest I hate the death icons but i know that they have to make it so people in China can like play it while it's safe or something like that  but yea I just hate it I'm not used to like knifing people in games that show a fist icon. ;-;
Tosic Chinese players invaded Pubg\nnow..
Siege and for honor are bad spots ubi get it together
Sounds cool. But I’m boycotting it till they undo the censorship.  You wanna remove gambling so you can make more money but you don’t wanna remove loot boxes because it’s gambling you can also profit from then fuck off.
#FUCKCENSORSHIP
Hopefully they don’t screw with the blood spatter because that provides a lot of information. Exactly like Zen said
Theme Park has rooms dedicated to initiating cults
bye bye bandito dorrito
So China can’t have skulls and blood on walls but can have a shooter game we’re every one is just killing each other and anime with a lot  of blood
Well....then stop being China. We didn't let our government go Commie. Fuck'em
China needs to be nuked
This is stupid
Long story short, fuck the sensitive ass ricey riceys in their communist hell hole.
It's a mountain fortress...
Is Black Beard getting nerfed again?
The chinese knock off and pirate everyone elses crap but hold the west to a double standard and require us to adhere to their political views?  They can go suck Mao's Zedong....
Ugh, politically correctness in this game to?  Fffffuuuuuuu
i just want pre lean on console
Yes let's reach out to china so we can get more hackers thru the already hard trying anti cheat
This is bullshit. Even with all these “good” changes coming to the game. And yayyyy more ping abusing Chinese players connecting to the wrong regions in the world and causing me to lag out of games! YES UBIIIIIIIII
i'm down for having the option to turn blood on and off, furthermore i don't like my experience being impacted so heavily by policies that we all know are unfounded and unjustified specifically regarding censorship in china. If you aim to change cav name or skull painted on her face you are essentially destroying art. For the french company Ubisoft maybe you could relate to the scenario of if your art in your art exhibits where censored or removed because in their culture they saw your french art as garbage propaganda and for no other reason than to censor your form of expression.  Would you really ask your current player base to compromise their values to play your game? Is freedom to enjoy the content you payed for really something you want to infringe upon? I know money is the motivator for a game publishing company and that on the books it makes sense to make one build that all players share, but you are defacing yourself to an extent that takes away significant value from your published art and spits on your community.  Meet us halfway please and make the chinese build separate from ours or make an options to switch these cosmetic features on or off depending on the region.  This would be the best play as you would still save profit at the same time as showing your current player base that made this game successful that they are valued and respected. Everyone wants to share negative news, fewer want to share good things and by that math every time you put out bad news like this you are putting yourself down 9 points for every 1 point you gain.  \n\n\nIn the end personally i find that i have less reason to be excited for games released by ubisoft and though it will not be the deal breaker for me in every circumstance , it will certainly dissuade me from making some purchases based on the level of trust i have for your judgement as a company. \n\n\nI plan to continue playing siege as for the time being but i wait to see if ubisoft can make the best call and give players what they want on both sides to the best of their ability.\n\n\n\n\n\n\nanother comment lost in the noise...
this change is a MONEY thing thats it!! Its known that the Asian market love spending money on pay to win, pay to upgrade, pay to boost, pay for cosmetics etc they have no issues with buying in game items and ubisoft knows this , thats why they willing to bend so low to their rules, what they can do as well is have an option to turn off blood and gore in the menu
It's funny that they are censoring gambling but i bet they won't remove the alpha pack purchases which is gambling. As for the new map maybe a dust storm kicks up outside and it makes it almost impossible for defenders to spawn peak kill.
Castle rework?!?!?
THEY ARE CHEATERS! We don't want them on our game. We already have enough of them
I don’t like the changes in the maps at all
You know if siege is changing and censoring stuff in siege so they can sell more copies, then they dont care about the community or the game its just about the money
This game was possibly the best shooter when it first released now this shit it wack.
Rip cavi and bandit.. this is so dumb
Wait the new season is already here?\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\nTime for renoun grind
how could this game even exist in china?
Rip all the coke on theme park
Cheap ass Ubisoft 🖕
No gambling content allowed? They’re removing slot machines but what about alpha packs?
NERF BASTION
This season is gonna suck
Wait so if its global will ther be diffrent severs
China had the BIGGEST gays of gay
I think the censorship is stupid I don't like it and if it happens I might consider not playing anymore.
So here is the thing, alot of hackers are from china, so great move UBI. Battleye is going to work extra hard against the chingchongs
Operation: I wanna be Bastion
Chinese people suk
FUCK CHINA AND SHITTY UBISOFT
Im just saying if we don't pull together they will run over us with this censorship bs. It's not right that in america we have to abide by chinese censorship laws like sorry but thats how I feel about it, and well js theme park drug room has stacks of drugs lol so new sight lines to window and to inside. At this point might as well give the game a cartoon look like over watch and put the rating down. xD
Sooo... with other words china messed up rainbow six siege
Asian players of crap hey people get ready to get yo but kicked 😂
I don’t want the censorship I would prefer different versions of the game
Wtf  is that? In germany we cant play uncensored games (wich is kinda ok i think???) But in every other Country u can play them uncensored (wich is kinda unfair but idc that much). So why does Ubisoft change the game for everyone because of just one Country? Why dont u just make it like in Germany?
sees china update \"It's Just one of those days......\"\n\nFUCK CHINA
6:39 lmaoo that ela went into the fucking atmosphere
I swear to god if they touch one bit of cav I’ll fuck off to Overwatch
Just change it for China and not for everyone
Probably just shadows
I've got a solution to the problem. Don't sell the game in China, i mean it seems pretty obvious
Fuck china lets just nuke them
One like to bring operation skull rain back!
its fukin bullshit!
Wtf happens to my charms I paid for like the Halloween charm I got wtf
This is shit. I think this could ruin r6 it will look like fortinite. The game is 18 and up for a reason.
no one wants chinese cheaters into the game and CuckSoft loves to censor stuff
Ubi has fucked up
In the barricade it had a pixel peak
I also think that those Ubisoft fucks should be much more than happy with their current amount of players and money. Just about everyone buys that stupid season pass every year, they buy R6 credits, other outfits and skins and STILL Ubisoft isn't happy.
Can we vote kick or to China
China! They kill stuff that we like.
This is where I think quality over quantity is better.
But arent alpha packs a form of gambling?
I hope the season drops in December or January, mainly cause I don't want to miss Fallout 76....I'm probably going to drop day after day into it for a while like I did with 4, which I have over two thousand hours of play time in. Also, Zen, you're awesome. Keep up the good work.
Chinese players won't impact gameplay? Have you seen PUBG first they will kill the asian scene,SEA was already toxic enough with cheats from singapore and once they are done with us they will spill over to EU and NA. Have fun with a game where you have to report the enemy after every killcam.
why the fuck they don't make a china version of the game like other normal fucking companies
jesus christ Ubisoft. its a game where you kill each other. I honestly don't think I could support a company that is gonna make changes like this to appease another country. I can't stand when something has to change for everyone because of one or two outliers. a separate version would be acceptable or the option to turn them on like you said. whats next? the guns will all be changed to super soakers? or taking female ops out of the game so they can sell it in Saudi Arabia? whatever. there are other games i can play. sucks because I love the game.
It is China’s fought
Thank you for drawing attention to the censorship, it seems Ubisoft are trying to draw everyone's focus away from it with the new season news. One of the worst things about the changes is the way Ubisoft is contradicting themselves on the changes and lying to the fans that have stuck with them through the game nearly dying, and the many bugs, glitches, and issues (netcode, ranked etc). The very fans that keep the game alive and keep the flow of income. That's just completely disrespectful, they don't deserve a penny from anyone for that.
Open all r6 servers to china well, just hope there won't be as many cheats as there were in pubg, after fully supporting that market.
Rated M game (Siege) turns to Rated T game.
OPERATION CENSORSHIP BOW DOWN TO THE GREAT CHINESE LEADER XIJING PING
Lol, bastion already nees a nerf!
I would join have to wait for now it have to be later down the road if i join later but i do enjoy siege
In my opinion Ubisoft are well named because they have gone( soft )and are about to spoil my once favourite game ! Damn you ub(soft)!
What if the new attacking operator gets a glider or parachute that she can use due to the wind
I just dont understand why they get rid of the blood on the wall, meanwhile, you shoot someone AND SPILLS BLOOD ALL OVER THE FLOOR AND WALLS
I just say make a new version of the game because i don't mind the skulls being remove, its the blood i am worried about, but thats my opinion
00:42 this is spartaaa
Maybe give a cav a cool half face mask
Before I watch the video. Blackbeard is getting a nerf
6:08 \"The blood splatter that happens after you shoot someone. It is a distinct and extremely unique feature of this game...\"\n\n\nAh, yes. Bleeding after being shot. Ubisoft is an industrious and thoughtful bunch, they.
I agree with most things you said, except that moving the game to more places (China) is only a good thing. Really? China? The country with a reputation for cheaters and hackers in games. I think that China should have its own censored servers, but I'm not a dev I don't really know how it works
6:40 - Operation: Health Pack
Overwatch gets ashe and rainbow gets bastion
I am fearing for Blackbeard once again
What are they gonna do with Bandit, Ubi knows that taking his drugs will be chaos.
whats going to happen to all of the cosmetics people have bought with skulls/blood/flesh being shown?
Cenorship....applied globally, because of china?  What the F....
Let's vote kick China !!!
your ideas are great mail them to ubisoft
the seasons gone quick
Blood splater used for tactical advantage and info isnt so unique and special to r6s other fps games like counter strike had them for years
I want to get the gold badge
Zen the switch idea is very good
Rb6 gonna have more hacker because players from China.
Dang.. China becomes the 4th reigh. Holy fuck..
Welcome Zen to morroco
I'm arabic so welcome to morroco siege community
I hate China but not much
They shouldn’t censor the game.  It’s such crap that the whole game is going to be dumbed down because of the Chinese government.  As much as I enjoy the mechanics, the atmosphere of the different maps is so appealing and adds character to the map and makes each area believable.  It really makes me upset that the game is getting censored.
Ur a legend man as always I say
Zen أهلا في المغرب
i beg god please dont be like pubg
N E R F B A S T I O N
Vote to kick commies
I hate China... fucking commies
When will a new season come out ?
WIND
[This Comment has been censored by China Government]
Ubisoft why ! Just why !
Basically next big patch is:\n-Censure\n-Nerfs\n-Moracco
greetings from morocco
Lol did you say blood trails are left when an enemy is downed?
Why not make a special version JUST for China?????????
Just make a differnet copt of the game for china they cant/shoudnt even play on our serevers anyway
Sorry bud but the America’s are the West
Yea Censorship is bad but 6:41 Jumping Caveira is good
I’m Asian oWo\nbut I’m also a bit American
My sisters boyfriend is mad cause I had sex with his girl
Sounds like communist propaganda, but ok.
Honestly, I mostly don't care about the censorship, just give Blackbeard and Capitao a buff, I never see them in matches.
Lmao fuccing communists. They did worse things back then and now they get mad for some blood and drugs. This is the world we live in. Ubi should make a ingame setting for chinese players to only have their legal things in game.
i cant join idk why
So their deleting Bandit\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\nDrugggs😂
just stfu this game's dead
Nice video but what FOV do you use?
I would love an outside map and maybe the wind affect sound
Hi Zen, \n\nTo start this off, I believe Operation Wind Bastion will kick-off on Dec 4. or around that area. Reason I say that is because they usually release the new season 2 weeks after Pro League Finals, I'm assuming? ( I'm new, just came into Siege during Para Bellum. ) But, didn't Grim Sky do that? They teased the Frost Elite and then announced the release date for Grim Sky. So, it should be the same, only with a different Elite Skin this time. \n\nSecondly, the thought of censorship does trigger me. A friend and I who play daily were conversing about this, but he contradicts himself a lot. He always tends to be on both sides of the argument - you made a great point about the blood splatter, and I do use that indication of bloodspray as a \"caution\". With that kind of... toned down, or gone, it is gonna be hard to adjust too. I, too, mentioned the Option System. \n\nPersonally, these small things that'll be happening won't deviate me away from the game, but there is one BIG thing I am hoping for with the new Operation... that hit reg. actually works in the next few weeks. I can't tell you how painful it is when I run up on a Monty, and headshot him with the 41 bullets in Ela's clip and he doesn't even go down. ( A daily dilemma btw lol )
NERF BASTION, NERF BASTION
What about yacht? It has a casino in the boat :/
How you go from making a Halloween event with gore everywhere to this??
u want to hear our thots???
Ive noticed that you keep switching between operator outlines through walls? Ive only just switched, not sure what i think about it yet but it does help in some situations
Nerf bastion
is ubi going to delete a whole room in yacht (casino), gonna remove caveira's smink ? and if u r shooting somebody ? wtf ubi….. fookin china again
Seriously ? Because of these weebs we are gonna make this game like a fortnite now? Who cares about China ? And seriously are they so dumb they can't understand it's a game. Fucking asians and their retarded cultures.
Wait so are they going to remove ela thickness?
Fuck you China. Dont get me wrong I love your Chinese food and * me love you long time* but I think there just pussies and let's be honest they did some gory shit in the past back in ye old times
I hate ubisoft so much... Just make another client lazy greedy fucks, this game will bexome safe space like overwatch mark my words
Does Zen have Merch, & if not when will merch become a option to purchase!
If bandit gets removed im going to go buy 10 bottles of bleach
NERF BASTION
Dia de los muertos, not Los Muertos. It means day of the dead as you said. Only a correction. <3
The Censorship is absolutlely retarted.
No matter how much drugs Ubi ganna take away from maps,\nBandit will always bring more batteries.
Nerf bastion :)
Why dose even ubi want annoying Chinese people screaming in to their mics like they are some sort of felute
They better not touch cav my main
I think Operation Wind Bastion will drop on December 6. It will be on TTS on November 19th or 22nd.(i guess)
I'll be Wind Bastion\n\nNERF BASTION
I am with you 100% on the gore option. I was about to mention it and then you said it.
Screw china they can get their butt hurt self out of the game then I do not like the censorship they are doing
Fuck china
Does this mean Ying and Lesion will have God Mode enabled? I would imagine killing a Chinese Operative is considered \"a threat to the Chinese nation\"
I'll go bastion,nerf bastion
THE BLOOD SPLATTER WHEN OP IS SHOT DOES NOT GET REMOVED. ONLY THE BLOOD ON TEXTURES
Chinese Communist Party controls everything in China and now wants to control more
I dont see the join button
Niiiice.
Zen so does this mean that they might take away alpha packs because that can be used as a way of “gambling “?
rip halloween outfits!
Fuck You Ubishit, Ubisoft should also suck Chinese president cock to get some more money. Fucking cock suckers.\nI DONT WANT TO PLAY THIS GAME BY CHINESE RULES
The Censorship sucks. The button idea would be good
So the with the censorship with siege, all I'm hearing is that Ubisoft is too lazy to make a version suitable for the PRC so they're censoring the game for everyone to meet China's needs
ok this is not good siege was revived by jesus christ and china is putting back in the game of shame room
When your comments are pay to win
The fuck is China, can't do shit.
Who the fuck uses Caveira with a bulletproof camera?
im already tracer
Nice Blackbeard click bait, you know I gotta dislike man
That Ela At 6:41🤣
You know I think a cool feature would be if a teammate dies on attacking side and u can find there drones u should be able to make it yours
The focking Chinese people need to go play fortnite or someting. \nREEEEEEEEEEEE 😡
Asian terriotory - WRONG\nOnly china - YES
Fucking weebs
Hey when is operation bastion coming out
China is gay.
I hate china
So they will also remove/remake many skins since they have skulls or something similar
Region lock Chinese server in Siege and I'm cool with the censorships. Screw their \"laws\", this is how the real world looks like. Drugs, blood, skulls and murder are all present in reality and this is a game of \"realism\". How do you expect a drug lab or drug den, like theme park, be considered as one if it doesnt have drugs? Bad move ubisoft.
I don't want the censorship, they can fuck off and get another game doesn't care nor bother, I don't like details I used to enjoy changed due to some stupid policies on specific nutjob country.
Before they start trying to get this game to China they need to fix the hit detection and severs and take rank out of beta this game is slowly dieing and get worse each update
Ubi, you're playing with fire. Siege is one of the greatest games in the modern era. You fuck it up, you'll be down where CoD is.
The city in morocco what are you see in operation wind bastion is warzazat but the defender he have a clhothes of the commander who protect the king in our country
I am from morocco
I am moroccon ask me zen i am profesionnel
So my fist are so strong in rainbow six siege that they can kill people in one hit.
So ubi want more chinese cheaters?
Operation nerf bastion
3:53 no more bandit
The game is PG18 ffs why are they removing all that stuff for Chinese people?!?! How about they remove guns so that Chinese people can play the game
Wtf, Chinese players are already ruining the game in SEA region. What do they mean of getting siege in Chinese market when many of their players are hacking their way to SEA servers?
How about the Jäger Halloween skin? Are they gonna change it like the rook skin?
Yeah I've been neglecting Ella, that's because I don't have her
Wtf why Morocco?\nIt's \nIrreverent lol,just had to add something from fucked up middle East huh
So we get more players with high pings?
The only thing I care about is the blood so that I can know for sure that I damaged them
Nerf bastion
I think there should be an option to turn it on and off it’s very reasonable
these shit is forcing me to become a racist!
I fucked up and used fuse with an acog today. I couldn't see
So ok if they are removing any kind of gambling cosmetic, what will happen to the alpha packs ? I mean those are one kind of gambling are they gonna remove them or change them or just let the actual gambling of the game stay?
About the China shit shouldn't they remove the pills in the toilet in coastline??
Why not just region lock china and give those chinese from china a seperate server ?
I love painting walls with my enemy's blood 😥
wont compromise the core of the game???? the core has already been compromised by bugs lmao the elephant in the room.
Ubisoft want money , so they fuck the game Just for China ......
0:43 ooof
Lol go blame Ubi for their greed and laziness, not Chinese R6 players.  We can buy and play this game even though it is not officially launched in China.
I’m already Bastion
Removing slot machine changes the core regarding drone placement. Removing blood changes the core since it removes positive feedback. CHANGING OPERATOR ICONS CUZ IT HAS A SKULL IS MOST UPSETTING. Blackbeard, twitch, SMOKE! Cav!!!  That is over the line.
I definitely agree with the option to have it censored or not like what CoD has. If the devs want to have one version of the game, then this is how to do it without angering the western market who dont want to be limited by China's strict laws.
What about bandits operator video
Sorry but showing a location that would have slots and all this images to not have them would make it feel empty and alpha packs promote gambling what's gonna happen to them
I think its bs. Ubisoft is recking the experience for millions of plays just to publish there game in another region. Just imagine the game with no blood, visual item you have paid money for being removed eg clefadore bundle for cav. It is so easy just to make another copy of the game with different visual aspects. Come on ubisoft
Imo they should just create Chinese based maps for the Chinese and only Chinese servers can play on them if you know what I mean.
Oh look, a slot machine...it's gonna make me a gambler.....oh look, a strip club sign.....see where I'm going?
Honestly I couldn’t care less about the censorship. Sure I would have like it if they gave China their own copy of the game but they didn’t... so whatever.. people are taking this thing out of proportion. The game is exactly the same just a couple things are changed/removed.
Don’t let China dictate the way the game is created and viewed . It’s only one country plus they are Communist so who cares what they want !
What, are they gonna make the sound even shitttier then it already is omgalul.
The video game in china make the blood spread green so it doesn't appear like blood i hope ubisoft wont do this
So siege is becoming overwatch
Congrats for 100000 subscribers
Against censorship plz
I am only upset about the blood splatters on the paintings as I thaught the story behind it was that some rich people were killed in there (one maybe taken hostage) as a tactical position to let off there bio weapon or bomb
Nice Vid!
Blood spatter is unique? Nani?
Next dlc black bearded shield 3 hp
There will be a different build for the China. Please inform yourself before talking
I don’t appreciate the censorship at all honestly 😒
Dam China. Why do you have to go fuck up the game for us even more?
Do you forget that China has a huge cheating problem? PUBG is dying because of this. And R6S is \"already censored\" because the developer chose to. Not because a government is telling them there can't be dismemberment. Having an on or off switch doesn't fix the issue. The issue isn't with the people of China when it comes to censorship. It's with the government. They do not give their people a choice.\n\n\nThey SHOULD work on 2 different builds like every other developer that gives a shit does. Even if China is region locked, don't be surprised if this game ultimately dies on PC thanks to the cheaters. Chimera will look tame in comparison.
Rainbow 6 siege battle royal Ali A intro
Its called wind bastion because its in the mountains a believe
This game is gonna be a PG 12 :(
Can't ubsoft just make a Chinese version of this game
I don’t care about the censorship details. If it helps grow the game then I’m fine with it! Like the censorship literally has no effect on the gameplay, and at the end of the day that’s all that matters. People just want a reason to bitch. that’s a huge part of the toxicity of the siege community.
how dare they remove the strip sign
They already said that they will have to have 2 aesthetic build why not just make it China - elsewhere keeping the stuff in the western side untouched, the more different the better as I can see the upcoming wave of asian hackers already and if they would be taken to court who's side do you think a Chinese court will take o___o
Bro I wish I could be a sponsor I just do t have the money so I will do what I can and just watch and drop a like. Also Ubicunt should just create a separate version of the game for China. They shouldn’t ruin aspects of the game for people that have been playing for almost 4 years now. That’s just my thought. Keep it up man ❤️❤️
I dont want to play with Chinese kids, nothing against chinese but i know for a fact they sell all kinds of mods and things to improve gameplay beyond skill, completely legally. No thanks, give them their own version if you want their money.
stupid. just coppy the full game for china. remove blood and done. WTF the gone change ore game for that china bullshit rules. fucking poesy,s
Make a seperate version.
Guess they gotta remove Bandit now
skulls on gun skins did you tink about that what if the remove your skinn skulls its fucking BS better the just ban the game in china stupid BS
stupid changes hahaha 18+ game stupid china cry about blood hahaha XD like the have no blood on there hands from wars stupid hypocrits
nerf bastion
NibBa
Region lock china
How can they remove skulls from the game when they just gave us the Dead Baron headgear for Jager?? Doesn't make sense
Chinese hackers on NA servers will ruin this game just like pubg
NERF BASTION
What about the paraphernalia on the maps and the electric sign on favela?
Rip blood splatter, slot machines and the neon stripper :/ .............. with all the money that they won Ubisoft could make another version for the asian market so far but no they don't give a shit about their game anymore
Nerf bastion
Censor sexual themes? What about Ela’s fine ass?
I'm wondering if the female attacker will almost be like Echo, but she will have some kind of wind that blows?  \nAs far as the censorship I think its B.S they are going to let China dictate what we see, but at the same time R6 games never had the blood and such like they do now. You hit some one they would limp around, when you killed them there was a puddle of blood then it would disappear. U could turn dead bodies on or off
Rip seas server is going to fill out with Chinese cheater and raging toxic teammates
who tf wants china to play r6, theres gonna be fucking hackers every game
I'm calling a maverick counter there's no way they're gonna let him terrorize siege too long (PSA WHO CARES ABOUT THE CENSORSHIP IT IS NOT A HUGE CHANGE ITS NOTHING)
I hate this cencorships, like alot of aspects I like willbe removed. Specially like skulls, machines and drugs. Like Im sad for ths
So china f**ked seige
Ubisoft just being lazy, fifa and 2k have even a unique game for the Chinese market. They’ll have to change the blood to blue or green color like tencent did to mobile pubg, and keep it real for the rest of the world, there’s no way to keep only one global version of the game. And don’t assume that Chinese players can’t play this game if they don’t lunch it in China officially, that’s not true, it’s not about benefit the players in China (maybe less ping, but that’s all) only about earn some RMB.
I dont care its \"just visuals\". Its reason behind this change im not gonna support ubisoft anymore, im pissed i bought seasson pass but no more. Atleast they loose players lots of people will be switching to ready or not if it delivers and then people like me leaving because of this situation.
Does this mean Bandito Dorito gonna have to get censored??
.I HATE THIS CHANGE
Time for the Chinese hackers to come
Here are the things I think will happen if Ubisoft decided to do this:\n\n\npros:\nMore people can play siege\nWe can have a more diverse of players\n\n\ncons:\nWe might have more cheaters (I am saying this because most of pubg's bans for cheating were from China)\nChinese people can be toxic sometimes (I got tk'd for barricading a door)\nThere might be a language problem\n(just saying it from Hong Kong so I'm not trying to be racist)
Next thing you know they will be splattering out Milk
Personally, I am concerned to this new market's players. I mean, not calling them that, but in a market so big as China and so talented, I don't know if Siege will be able to fix new hacking problems. It took them a while to fix here (and you can still easily encounter more of them now), and I can only imagine from there.
You gotta understand, all of the questions you asked can be answered by Ubi is lazy and doesn't want to put in more work than is needed.
I can't wait for more hackers smh....
I hated so much know its garbage
Chinese faggots!\nso first of all I agree that we will need gore switch and I don't want to say that it's bad that siege is  for worldwide market I just hate cencership
🔥🔥
Bringing Chinese people to the game will only bring more hackers, just make a Chinese version for these little babies
Uuuubbbbbbiiiiiisssssssssoooooooffffftttt
Video has nothing to do with black beard
Every time I see Zen put my boi Blackbeard in the thumbnail and the words \"changes\" in Siege, my heart sinks. I get he is strong, but he is a Niche operator
Boys I got Kanal in rank? Is this a new map in rank or was it a glitch.
No one talked about blood splatter but you thats a big issue imo
Rip Maestros cigar
That censorship is fuckin retarded.
This censorship is just stupid. Just change it only for china but noo everyone has to suffer!!
PEGI 3
U guy's watch SpongeBob remember when Mr Krabs was going to dig up in grave and he said \"am I really going to defile this grave for money\" \" of course I am\"
Nah man fuck that shit
Now we're forced even more to share this game with shouting ass little kids 😴
Rain and wind can be used to counter spawnpeeking.
I think its stupid dont take the things from the original that we know and love if china doesn't like it o well then dont by it
Why don't they do the same thing as WOW
What pubg has taught me about Chinese gamers: Hax
They ruining itttttt 😏
China is almost as soft as libtards in 2018 like damn
I’ll stop playing if they change the maps
Drugs ? So Bandit won't be able to say DRUGS anymore ? :(
Well zen the censorship with literally fuck up seige if they really add the censorship seige wouldn’t be as fun as it is now 😭😭😭😭😭😢😢
Why cant they just make it so they makethis only on china
CHING CHONG REGION BLOCK
The game is 18+ they are turning to a kid game China has enough population to have different version\nThey shouldn't do this to the game
So bandit Jager and doc are gonna get removed since bandits drug background and Jager doing crack on coastline and doc's herion pistol
i like operation nerf bastion
Iam outright scared that hacking will increase in siege (pubg is an example)
Why can i only watch vids on 720p now? I used to be able to watch it on 1080 but it doesnt give me that option
Zen, they're not censoring blood in the game. They're only removing the blood on the walls etc that are there when you start the match. You usually tend to be very careful about the information that you spread but this is just pure misinformation, please read the article again and correct this
Good job ubi just thinking of the money not of the Community really f*** china
Censorship...\nWell then fuck China
For me it doesn't matter. If the skulls  dissapear or the drugs but what i'm worried about are the chinese hackers that propably will come
If they are going to remove or super reduce blood splatter, then I want hit markers. Something to still let me know I landed some shots into someone.
Lol you asking too much from the ubi devs....i dont think they think that much.
Makes sense, censorship on a game literally about terrorist attacks
China is one of the MOST hypocritical country right now.They Fuck video games over but never once look at their illegal actions like “massacring dozens of people and not giving a fuck”.UBISHIT is now officially sucking China’s yellow fucking dick because “fuck you give me moneh”
It would be nice to get a brother duo in future DLC.
I came after seeing blackbeard on the image in hopes of a buff
what about theme park?
Valve doesnt give a shit about csgo or community.  \n\nUbisoft: hold my beer
Swich we need to siege
Ubisoft: Let's remove those gambling slots in those map so that we can get our game to China and gambling is bad.\nUbisoft: But first, add alpha packs to the game so that they can gamble with real money.
They changing icons in already broken game. #selliutubi
Yes Zen there should be a switch to turn gore on/off. Else it would be just like fortnite after the update. \"KiD\" mode. 😏
Ubishit like fucking up there game siege going to shit with ubisoft in charge
i am from China and I dont like these changes in r6 either, not only because of the policy is kind of ruin the game but also some dlck head cheater players in my country, i believe that many well behaved Chinese r6 players have the same thoughts and they dont want （include me for sure）rainbow six will be too popular in China like what happened to pubg. Besides, these changes were not encouraged by us either, i myself is very disappointed to these changes. so please calm  down and dont blame a whole country because some of its individuals' problems（the population is too big that all kinds people exist）. Believe me, that on Chinese social media, we have seen tons of video about anti cheaters in China, our people  are actually trying even though few just fvcking themselves out there and thinking they are smart. so please give peopel who are trying to change a chance pls.
Fuck China and there bullshit just add a feature that you can turn Gore on and off like it can’t be that had can it like zen said that black ops 4 already has that feature rip painting the walls in siege and watch out for cat face pant on cav
Wat about bandit and his trailer?
i would like it to be toggleable but not in the asian version so that we could all have our choice
There's only one thing free people hate more than anything else... and that's censorship.
Bro thank you I come to this channel and I Watch it an it is so so great thank you for every thing my man
your opinions are always so accurate
with the new icons we might as well change all the bullets to rubber bullets
Rip bandit meme
It would be nice if ubisoft made a vegas themed map to reference the old games but given the current situation, it's unlikely. Also I call bs, after playing siege in asia, literally 90-95% of the people who are talking on the mic are chinese, not entirely sure if they're from the mainland or not, but they're chinese nonetheless. As an american who's currently residing in asia, it would be nice if ubisoft added a language check box so you can be teamed up with people who speak the same language, I'm so tired of having a chinese person bark orders that I can't really understand that I end up having to mute the guy, or if ubisoft is making a chinese version, just set a region lock on china.
I really hope that they don't change cav in anyway shape or form. Just because she has a skull on her face doesn't mean she gets rid of it. I main can and I hope she stays the same.
Censorship is retarded, like why?! Who cares about China! Not me... (I'm insensitive)
People are forgetting its an rated m game
Hmmm what about clash? ;)
In Rainbow Six Vegas 2 there's a Casino Map.... But I dont think that map will come to this game :( :( .. Bye bYe Casinoooooo..... Oh and about that Switch option for Gore , Zen said that its illegal to play Gore in China, and if there's a Switch option some Chinese may Turn On the Gore and Violate the Rules xD.....
Oh! Oh! Like as a weather aesthetic with rain on Hereford base hinted at in the teaser pic of grim sky, what if it's sandstorms in morroco with \"wind\" in the teaser pic?
Rip ela or zofia because of the china one child policy
China I just want to let you guys know that we respect your laws and your nation, and I am glad that are making this change happen. Keep being great👍
When is the update with the new map and the new operaters
screw china, all this means to me is pc is gonna have a hacking issue again since thats half of Chinese gamers
Zen,\nWe can’t have a switch because Ubisoft is combining two builds into one, so no matter what Ubisoft is going to have to abide by Chinese legal rule.
Do you play with subs?
Why tf dont we remove lesion and ying cause its violence against chinese people huh? Where does the censorship stop. You give them an inch and they'll take a leap.
What if the new defender was able to place a reinforcement that cannot be broken by anything, not even maverick....
You obviously don't know how frag grenades work... the explosion of the frag grenade is not what kills you or harshly damages you; it's literally in the name: frag is short for fragmentation, the shrapnel ripping into your flesh at high speed and force is what damages you and possibly kills you, so limbs are almost never going to be blown off from a frag grenade. Now if you were to be holding one in your hand and it goes off you will probably lose a lot of your hand and potentially wrist, but not your entire arm
Ubisoft: Lets start a censorship\nClash: No running in the halls ya fuckin wanka
So do bandit operator video gonna be censored or beeped every time he says Drugs?\nEdit:What about Theme Park Drug Lab? Are they gonna remove the whole section entirely?
Censorship is never the answer oh and btw more chineese moar hackur
I have aids
Were them hop rocks
The censorship issue is a matter of principle
I hate china
Fuck this
Wind bastion and a defense operator like a mountain im calling it rn defense operator that throws barricade like objects to fill holes
They shoud make a Chinese Version.... i dont have any Advantage of the changes. Just they earn Money.
Not self promoting .. but can y’all check out my latest vid
Also you change the rating of the game to 12+ cause there is no meaning in having 18+ with these changes.
Operation Nerf Bastion as my friends and I call it
kick china
with that reasoning bandit should not be playable in china
The switch between censoring or non censorship is pretty dope
No gambling, so alpha packs are gone?
So I’m a little bit confused since In bandit operator video he says something like I dealt drugs. So will Ubisoft change his video??
The blood splatter is only something that are already on the map. External blood splatters will still be in the game
Screw China they can suck it don’t sell to them
I don't get the censorship, I am always match with people from China
Ubi please just make a second f***ing version
China sucks balls, they are going to ruin the entire game because of how stupid China is. The game is about Terrorism and stuff like that that’s what make the game fun.
Tachanka is getting deleted soon because the Chinese Enlightened One says Lord Tachanka looks too scary.
Not trying to be racist but chinas annoying for messing up my game b
what if ive already been subbed for 2 years?
Censorship is fucking gay that’s some straight pussy shit
I personally think it's stupid they invest all the time to make content just to completely remove it from being used a couple seasons later...why not leave it in so that there is more options?
Okay so no core changes right? Hmmm let’s think Cavairas head gears are literally all skulls so what your gonna take away her face paint or turn her into a completely different op? What about all skull related headgear? Jager had a skull head gear released last week. What about the entire bones head gear set for the fbi swat will I get refunded the money I spent on those? I payed for docs bleeding skull headgear with r6 credits do I get those back? Bandit is a drug dealer so we are just gonna scrap him too? What about drug lab on theme park or casino room on watch or the weed room on favelas? This is an m rated game it shouldn’t have to lose the stuff that’s been in it since day one just because a different government wants it that way honestly I love siege and play it every day but I’m have to start playing a lot more red dead redemption if they wanna go through and scrap half of the games content because they wanna make money from China. Why not  start a separate development team that’s soul purpose is to maintain a Chinese version of rainbow six seige with the the money you’ll be making by opening up to be Chinese market instead of trying to censor everyone’s game to meet one country’s guidelines.
6:41 that dude jumped 💀
thoughts on chinese hackers?
man like I just dont think censorship is ever ok, it always leads to more censorship and I dont think we should be ok with that
I am a asian r6s player and i always have chinese gamers in my team they do not understand English and if i say y u dont learn English they say shit in chinese.The huge amount of smurfs and hackers or boosted player r chinese. I don't think for only one shitty community of people who dont even try to learn English. #Rainbowshouldnotchange #chineseareshit
Instead of gore on or off what about China on or Off.
Nah China can to just stick to their anime
If we get no blood, we get hitmarkers atleast
Operation nerf bastion
The thing is that it is already in China they just are combining to two parts.into one thing to make stuff go faster
The gore censorship is kinda sad seeing as this game is all about Realizem and being tactical but I feel that if this makes copy's in China or where ever it's going I know it's furthering the game for all of us so Im sad to see it go but it helps us in the long run
Can they not make a no gore version? Like some versions of cs:go make it so when you kill someone they kneel down and surrender instead of flopping over and dying. This whole censorship BS is actually so shitty like the word nickel and negro (black in Spanish) is bannable.
if wind is a thing I think its going to be more of a dust storm where if spawn peakers ran out they would be marked per normal but attackers would be hidden due to the storm cept for glaz he can see though it.
Jesus fucking Christ they should just make a difference version
Censorship is stupid I don't want a pg 13 game \nI can play Mario kart for that
I want to join :(
there is nothing called join
So violence against China isn't allowed, does this mean that the Chinese operators can't be killed?
In China, we use green instead of red to represent blood, which makes teenagers believe that blood is green, some of them even hurt themselves to see if blood is really red. This is totally bullshit though, but I kinda understand the reason behind that. China is huge, and in order to manage billions of popularity, we have to sacrifice. So do not blame on China's government, blame Ubisoft instead, since they could have chose to make a franchised version of R6, but they did not choose to for some obvious reason.
scopes gets foggy
Booo censorship
I think they should add a switch to toggle censor on off
China is a cancer to video games.
The only reason I say this is because nobody appears to have really thought about it. If blood is removed from the game, how will you know if you hit someone or not? Hitmarkers would take away the unique aspects of Rainbow Six
I think it’s all bs they should keep it the same or maybe even have more
7:28 is the best option
When does this wind bastion season come out?
whats the point of club house now??
I was actually so angry so i made a subreddit
Now we gonna start getting people with 500 ping and yell china number one all game lol
A direct impact\nthrows impact grenade in gameplay\nYou say day of the dead\nkills a Mexican operator
When is the new season? On what day?
We need trump for this make r6s great again
They should just make a whole new game for china and dont ruin the game for other people rainbow is possibly gonna be doodoo
I think they need to make another game or even a switch that is for turning this stuff on/off and not ruining a visual for all players due to one countries beliefs..
I think is shit.
that’s shit
Zen I played you today and you got carried
Hard to enjoy this when the goddamn communists are taking over this fucking game!
Vote kick China
So what’s Cav gonna look like? What’s Theme parks Drug lab room gonna turn into? These changes really are gonna mess things up I swear. Fuck China. Also get ready for a flood of hackers
China #1!
Lol r6s already had a hacking problem. Good luck everyone.
Ubi- wants to remove skulls from the game\nAdds skulls for Halloween
fak china, they will destroy all the game by hacking etc
Releasing Dead Baron Jäger.\nRemoving any Skeleton or Skull.\nRemoving any Skeleton or Skull?
Why are the r6 servers on Xbox down?
This censorship means R.I.P theme park
I’m sorry bud but I’m poor, have no job and 16i love you and sauce but I can’t join😞😭😭
Instead of fixing the game or trying to get a better community rules they made fixes to the blood
They announced recently that ubi IS partnering with tencent
I don't mind about this cosmetic stuff but can we add the colorblind settings plz
Next season is fucking baaaaad
6:42 zophia got hopss
Zen,\n   Do you think that Ela’s scorpion has to much recoil. I play on console and every time I try to use her all that happens is my sight goes to the sky and can’t land any shots. This is the only op I do this with. Does she need a buff
That zen man.
wtf are they gonna do about theme park? just get rid of almost most of the map?
Don't mind the changes in seige.
Government shouldn't be involved that far. imho.
Im gonna delete rainbow is cav gets removed
China is going to make asia region so much more toxic
How can we see how long we have been subscribed to seombeody for?
On theme park what will drug lab be called?
Also I’m pretty sure the wind bastion comes out November 18
I mean if it dosint affect the gameplay then I don’t c why we should give a fuck
I'm just Worried about a big hacker influx.
Btw I love your channel man keep it up
This is gay. I play bo4 and on utube I see a crap load of Asians. And bo4 is worse   When I say worse I mean graphics. More exposed. They’re changing the game that everyone loves so some other countries can play it. Call this for more details 540 613 3903
This sucks man. Taking away of the games flavor bro
What the hell are they going to do the drugs on Coastline
The censorship is fucking stupid fuck china why cant they just create a different version
Nerd bastion
Thnks dude ur channels is good
Omg,zen that’s exactly what I thought when you talked about the call of duty graphic restrictions and I fully agree with you  for Ubisoft to add it. Also what are everyone’s thoughts on the new operators?
They aren't going to remove the weed farm from Favela?
I'm not being racist or anything but when you live in Asia and play on the Asia server it eaither u speak chinese with them or you have 0 comunication. It very annoying when come to rank like all i hear is chinese , i asked so many time just for alittle english like just yes or no but they don't even answer . So what i think is they should have their own server like the PUBG game cause so far i make 0 friend in R6 cause i can't comunicate with them at all. And their own server they can censor anything they want i just want to keep my blood and cool skull
Guys, instead of getting excited about the next season we need to focus on a Siege boycott. Perhaps even a class action lawsuit will be needed in order to stop the censorship issue. We paid for a Mature rated game. We need to show Ubisoft that catering to communist at the cost of ruining everyone else's game experience is unacceptable. If we have to sit Wind Bastion out to save the game I think that's a small price.
My issue with the censorship is that the game is rated M for mature, it has all the rights to put gore or \"environmental blood\" gambling etc etc so i really feel like its just ubi bowing their heads and bending over for the Chinese and or Chinese game porters. The other issue i have with this is that IF they go through with this and the community doesn't get them to stop than this can just be a gateway for them to change shit without really asking. Do you honestly think that if they get away with this that they wont go and do this to other things? all they gotta do is get their foot in the door and then they can do what they please, and yes i know at the end of the day its their game and they have the right to do what they want but it won't matter if nobody likes the game and people are \"boycotting\" it
Doesn't china like anime.....anime=boobs
Opinion on the censorship thing.\nIt's stupid. Chinese players could play fine in the South east asia server and 80% of thetime the people you will play with are chinese .\nSo they want to make a bar not look like one? What about the Drug lab on theme park? What would they do with that? \nThen just make an option for the chinese server to have it censored. They should not add those to the South east asia server.
Could be a castle buff because of the castle thing
I think the people at ubisoft ar stubborn and if people disagree with their changes they wont even take ideas from the community, im speaking mostly about adding the option to toggle violence/blood, It's the same with the vote to kick when team damage is done. It's like if they don't think of it themselves they won't add it.
Rip siege.
fuck china
If you put seasons teaser in the thumbnail you’ll get more views \nGreat vid btw
Operation dustline 2.0
GOD DAMMIT EVERY VIDEO I ASK THE SAME QUESTION WITH NO REPLY.\n\nWHAT FONT DO YOU USE FOR ON SCREEN TEXT.
Somebody get the U.S.A on the phone, the communists are fucking with our way of life🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸
6:40 That ragdoll jump though.
This change is dumb blame the aisans
FUCK CHINA. YOU EAT CATS AND DOGS
$5 is a lot for me, I’ll support in other ways
I will join when I get paid I promise 👍🤘
I dislike censorship as the reasoning behind it isn't fully justified in my opinion. Let me explain. Ubisoft wants to expand its game to increase its active player base, that's fine and understandable for a developer. The issue with this method is, just because you have more active players doesn't mean we'll have good server support for those players. Siege can already sometimes be buggy. I play US servers and whenever an EU player crosses over because they're buddied up with another US player, it leads to in-game inconsistencies that can cause a problem. Boosting will still be prevalent and probably worse as Asian servers (NO offense) aren't the best to play on from over seas. If Ubisoft has a solution to this then fine. Censoring a game in a country that's heavily against censorship is like \"NO no\". I feel as if they should just have different versions of the game, similar to other games. If they want to increase player count, add cross platform similar to how fortnite did it. I believe this method instead will benefit siege as we'd have faster queue times. Players will be more inclined to tell their friends to pick the game up if they don't already have it as they can play from whatever console they're on. This will fix the Mouse and keyboard epidemic, mouse and keyboard users can now go play against pc players and controller users can play with controller users. This would be a huge positive change to siege and help increase growth. Censoring your main game in its general population for the sake of 1 server is kind of like eh you know? Where would it stop if it started now? Especially with all the things that still need addressing this feature should wait and cross platform should come in my opinion
Really
Subscribing to support the seige community cause these changes are pissing me off a bit but if it means less wait time for a match go for it and like you said zen, I like the gore mode option.
Anyone else see an influx of new players? Every game I play their is at least 1 on each team.
Bye bandit we'll miss you.
Buff Valk
Well it's been a good run but can we get an f in chat for the soon to be death of the best game I have ever played💔😡😱
So glad we will be getting more hackers in the game. Stupendous
NERF BASTION
Why the hell are they taking out slot machines and the symbols too. Just saying its a small percentage of the gaming population and don't know why it has to cause its mass effect over the other majority
fucking chinese and their weird ass policy. the server probably will be filled with toxic chinese player
Shooting a half a mag into  someone just to have them turn around and drop you in 5 shots doesn't sound tactical to me
Fucking communist and with this censorship who knows what else will change it just goes to show that ubisoft just wants money
Are severs down?
Would the censorship happen to Singaporean, Malaysian , Japanese and Korean players cause this is honestly a make or break
Screw those stupid commies.
what about the weed farm on favela or the room drug lab and the cocaine on the table in skyscraper what about the bandits intro “i had to sell drugs”. c’mon Ubisoft are we really gonna change these thing that make rainbow unique. the game is amazing how it is plus there already a Chinese version sooo they shouldn’t go out their way to change these things.😕🤦🏽‍♂️
My thought? It sucks. If you have played PUBG Chinese Ver. you will find out that they don't have blood there, they replaced it with some blue-greenish liquid.\nYes, of course, things like this will not change the function of what blood taking part in the actual gameplay but that blue-greenish liquid is just awful to look at and makes the game not as realistic as it is not. \nAlso, that might bring another wave of cheater and hacker into the game as well.
Biggest thing I hate about the world right now is censorship. we have games that are fine and doing well but the developers decide to take something out for that just in case scenario. I miss the days of dev's having balls. The idea for having one copy of the game is honestly a good idea in some aspects but the trade off's are way way too bad. Their claim for it is to speed development due to working on one version of the game. But think about it, what is some cosmetic changes between the copies going to do on the code? its all VFX's, that we think... Unless there is something else changing or possible major changes in the future. Honestly this will sound racist but fuck, I'm scared of it opening to the Asian market on the base game, I am a primary OCE player, and remember the issues with Pubg and the asian market, it was rampant with cheaters and honestly R6's anti-cheat is shite. I'm not saying all Asains are cheaters or anything but there is a big cheating market, c'mon even dell caught on and tried to sell to that market. \n\nIn conclusion I think the censorship is stupid due to pandering to small groups to get more money, maybe if they put more quality out people would buy more things. There are too many trade off's for this kind of thing, why pander to a small group while risking the larger group and then say it's not a big deal when in reality its bigger than just cosmetic changes.
More players mean more hackers.
i really don’t like there changing stuff that makes the game unique i mean the game has 45 million player or something like that so idk
Fuck china,fuck ubi being lazy,fuck them for not having a godamn spine
Fact is we have terrorists that blow themselves up
I gotchu you had 666 comments now u got 667
I see what ya did there 0:57 XD
Lol they take out slot machines but add payed loot box haha
The fact that Ubi won't make a mirror of the game for China alone is what is what's wrong.
Nuke China.
true there should be switch
Thought the game was 16+
zen like this if you agree but i thank tachanka should get an Elite
So is bandit’s operator video going to be taken away?
How many more nerfs😑 the games dying, just glad the new games are out.
Why does everyone get so offended these days. Little pwussy bois out there\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\nSomebody got offended by this comment for sure
Can they just have a season again where they dont release new stuff? They have not fixed anything and just keep breaking more. I keep getting offline glitched where I can play other games but siege wont connect, the connection issues are unbelievable and there are still hundreds of constant day to day glitches I see... including the current issue with player stats. FIX YOUR GAME UBI
the censorship controversy has only really come around because of the fact that UBISOFT are being lazy greedy bastards and are making it a sole global version instead of having a chinese version that can instead be managed by a chinese team or even a new UBISOFT Asia/China so everyone else can play the game how it is while chinese players (unfortunately) still have to play the censored version (the R6 subreddit had been filled with people complaining and stating they are leaving because UBI is conforming to a literal fascist dictatorship and yes even chinese people have complained and even apologized for what their country has done)
Okay China this is where you draw a line? Skinning and burning dogs alive is okay  but a M-Rated video game is too much to handle because of skulls and blood after shooting someone...just checking.
If it R6 ever gets watered down like you said then I will quit playing.
Well I believe that the blood should stay because if there is a lot of blood and the operator is only at 80 hp this shows that shots are not regestrating\nAnd I agree with zen the blood trails should stay.
Region lock china
Chinese government  bans things that are violent, but would allow a shooter game? The heck?
What about bandits video
Wait if they are getting rid of skulls that means Blackbeard has to get a knew icon
Chinaaaaaaa
I really think Ubisoft is underestimating how much censorship will make people not want to play. Gameplay is top priority, no doubt, but these aesthetics are what make Siege a more immersive experience. I know it’s not really THAT immersive to begin with, but come on, it’s a counter-terrorist game and it deals with gambling, killing, sex and drugs as it should. The skeleton and blood aesthics are going to be censored in a game where the player is made to shoot people. \n\nI hope we get an on or off gore button in the options. After playing Red Dead Redemption 2 for a week straight I truly believe that, for the most part, the best video games are the violent ones. Let’s hope Siege keeps its edge.
Nerf Bastion!!!!
The censoring is awful... And How I'm going to feel about it in the future
The game is 18+....
The map is called Fortress
all censorship is horrible
For me, I don't want the blood become green.
What about cavs face paint its a skull
Nerf bastion
These changes to the game won't keep me from playing but will for sure really make me pissed
As Juggernaut said in Deadpool 2 “You commie motherfucker(s)” why should the rest of the world comply with China’s censorship laws when they’re already getting a different build with no cosmetics
Y is Ubisoft trying to sell their game in China if they already have a Chinese servers
666 comments.\n\n\n\n\nNOT ANYMORE!!!!! XD
This is entirely fucking china's fault, fuck em
Nigga bandit cant be used cuz he all about them drugs
They should make different servers for the U.S and China. I feel as if Ubisoft doesn't listen to there community. How long did it take them to fix there game with the hacking problem. Ubisoft needs to take the time to see how the community feels about the changes and see what compromise they can make to improve our experience. The United States and Europe are there biggest buyers right now and it affects us most. Ubisoft listen to the community and fix the problems.
It's like censoring a 18+movie to a 6yd
I think that taking the skulls and blood out of the game would in the long run hurt the game more than help it. Personally I think this is the worst thing uni has ever done to this game
If they're taking out slot machine in all version because of the \"Gambling\" policy in china, does that mean it's going to effect Alpha Packs too?
I don't understand the attempt to make the game comply with Chinese law. It's literally a shooter where you kill other humans.\n\nChina is okay with killing other humans with firearms and other weapons, but not okay with blood, skulls, sex, and gambling?\n\nMore logically we should just say fuck you to China and their stupid distorted perspective of the world.
Well I have Ben watching you for half a year 😧yay
Zen I got a question and I really hope you can help , because so far ubisoft have not helped at all (Not replying on there there website to the forums) . In February  2018 ubisoft announced that South Africa will be getting severs so that we don't have to play with a ping of 170+ on EU severs.\nhttps://youtu.be/-Zsn6tP_TLg     37:40 min in.    \nDo you have any idea if this is still going to happen? Seems like it have just been forgotten and all the south african siege players hopes of playing with a ping less than 170 is slowly dying. Really love you videos!!! and I hope you have any answer to what we can do to get a reply out of ubisoft. And thanks a lot for all your fantastic videos!!!
Sorry i just watched
I saw updates and my first thought was acog jagar
So they gonna remove bandit, theme park, and cav?
you do realize the more content creators of rainbow trust in these dumb censorship’s the more Ubisoft will enforce them. they got away with the “hate words” in chat, and it looks like they are getting away with this too, and let’s not forget these censorship’s get them more money. this ends now. even though it seems little right now, action will be taken slowly but surely to make it watered down for the next generation that plays rainbow.
Asians..... Nothing else to really say and thats coming from an Asian... sigh.......
Operation censorship
N E R F B A S T I O N
I think the Moroccan season will be released on December 4th or 5th
How do u join
So, what's the big deal with cencering r6, why are people upset about it?
who throws nades outside
Fucking Chinese
We realize siege is literally killing terrorists rite?
Nerf Bastion
Simply do what blizzard does, let China have there kiddy corner respect for the dead servers, and we can have the big boy servers that are unchanged. There is NO reason to make us suffer the same censorship! Unnecessary.
What if there is a sandstorm? Ubisoft experimenting with scenery events in a way...
NERF BASTION (get it)
80% Ubi is working with Tencent to brings R6S to China, 70% on Tencent's Wegame platform(just like Steam), if you stop fighting against censorship you will end up having blood turns black or green like CSGO CN or other crazy stuff. We Chinese players are facked but you guys still have chance.  \nBest solution is to make two versions of the game like other games do, Wegame version gets censored but rest of the world won't(anyone who bought the game on Steam or Uplay including Chinese players )
\"Bringing a game to a new region is only a good thing\" clearly you have never had to play literally next to them.
region lock plz. i don't want to play censored r6
Making any changes to please the Chinese government is shameful, we shouldn’t have to be governed by those laws by proxy...
I glue a claymore onto my drone and chase defenders with it
im with you zen they need to  make a gore switch to turn it off or on
Damn communist china
It’s esthetics. As long as it doesn’t affect gameplay I don’t care
Here's a different take, the China controversy is in an attempt to get a T-Rating to appeal to parents of  teens and children. The Chinese part just makes a good scapegoat. There's no reason for us to share the same game build with them. Community wise we wouldnt have any contact with them, they don't even have youtube. If there's no interaction with them why do it? Pro leagues perhaps? Im doubtful.
Man are u serious, China what's wrong with u?
Man fuck china
Its understandable that for the Chinese Market, the game would be altered accordingly. Nothing wrong there, but why is the rest of the world being cucked ,even if they don't live in China?\n\nI mean Germany for example has strict laws in regards to nazi symbols within video games, since games are not aknowledged as art and therefore aren't allowed to show or reference that sort of stuff unlike movies and books. Yet you don't see the sort of censorship in a game like Wolfenstein outside of Germany.\n\nI think this is simply wrong from Ubisoft to not bother having multiple versions around and screw over everyone that doesn't live in China. A setting option to choose if you want gore or not on would be perfect. Have it by default be OFF on the chinese version and boom, done.
Get ready for Chinese hackers they cant even dile with usa hackers right now
dont read the comments lmao
I just want weekly or bi-weekly updates.
When Blitz elite skin is going to be on or what date
This is a rated M game...right?
we shouldn’t need to suffer from their government but having a switch is a great idea and it keeps us together and happy and that is important
I personally think ubi is selling out. They think bringing this change will make them more money. While i think its true, they will probably lose lots of players from the USA and europe
China always fucks everything up
Hey zen could I get a vid on Xbox keyboard mouse support?
About the slot machines, what kind of gun is that in the before? Maybe a teaser of a new ops gun?
Well that's explains why their language is so complicated!! #justkidding Can't wait for the next season.btw I'm Moroccan!!
Dude that Chinese thing is so wak, WHY!!!!!
Well. . . There go 40% of the Operator Bios, Jaeger's halloween headgear, a handful of charms and weapon skins. . .
I’ve been waiting for this video 😩😂
Actually dota 2 isn't different in china its a global the only thing they change was wraith king
just so you know, blood is literally banned in china, so.. no more blood i guess
5 bucks says as soon as siege hits China it’ll be hacker heaven
Censorship:\" These are huge changes\". Oh cmon... It's a few little design changes, people are acting like these are game changing.
The censorship is so dumb 😒
new players are great, But if they take out the blood splatter on shooting operators it just wastes the time and effort to make those details and will ,make it less Real tactical shooter to some dudes playing nerf.
I'm Chinese and I've Been playing for a year and a half and I'm excited for my country to get this game that I love, but I'm not up for the censorship change.
Fuck the changes why don’t they make a separate version for the Chinese with all the changes they want so they don’t fuck us over
China sucks ass
Isn't Blackbeard's icon a skull?
China is Eastern not western but other than that good video
Operation Nerf Bastion
Nerf bastion ?
Littest outro
I LOVE YOU ZEN
The idea of the switch thingy is a great idea actually it will just save some of the hassle,maybe just make china version auto gore off and us auto on
6:41
FUCK YOU CHINA THEY ARE SO FUCKING SPECIAL
Cavieras name is fine bc it doesn’t directly translate to skull, the first 3 and last 3 letters are the same as the actual word, but not the i and e
Bloody commies
I don’t have a problem really with the blood, sex etc changes but why the fuck have a game where its about killing and more. Its just went from 18+ to 7+...
I think there might be problems with the “switch” Chinese people might turn it on and get arrested or fined
I think zen has a very under appreciated sexy voice
Year 2 ops too expensive
Says makes an impact while throwing an impact grenade. Lol
Gambling? What about alpha packs? That’s gambling, so the Chinese will just get that stuff for free? Or what? WHAT?
I think that the censorship is really really stupid
I hate these changes because why should one country change a whole world game
I heard this myth that game developers used to care about what their community wanted. Not just to make money?? Thoughts?? 🤔😂
Can't wait for more hackers
No Ubisoft. Don't make the game better for Chinese people. YOU KNOW HOW MANY YING/LESION MAINS THEY WILL HAVE? Alexa, what's the population of China?
Great video
How dare you Ubisoft! My Favorite Stripper is being censored! I hate Club House now.
@7:55 to answer your question its gubisoft they take the cheap way out every chance possible. #operationhealth
I playing this game since the beta and bought it on the release date and still play it , if the blood marker from fire shots are gone I’m gone , & fuck China btw
siege itself is a violent game i dont get china
Ubisoft needs help
TAIWAN NUMBA WAN
Why not just add a censor option for different regions
the problem is china will bring a lot more hackers then we already have, so it will be Operation get hacked
well bandits getting removed if there removing stuff that promotes drugs
cough cough Chinese Hackers cough cough
I feel like the map is gonna be like border, but just a security checkpoint
when i heard wind i thought of OP smonk
pc users about to get sent to the shadow realm once China hops in. hope you had fun
Yeh special club challenges too bad their down rn
So China can only play Tetris?
Wish there would be a Vegas style map... BUT NO THE GAME HAS TO GO TO CHINA FUCK CHINA
@ubitsoft needs to watch this  video we need an on off switch rainbow will not be the same without all of the graphics and display items
I love this!!
NERF BASTION!!!!
So happy dude I’ve been mailing ela and this is amazing
No, it's not good bringing it to Chinese markets, we don't need more hackers like PUBG had from China, moreover most of then don't even or can't speak English. It hurts the community, especially in ranks.
your thumbnails make no sense. i dont get how theyre so attracrive, but so plain.
Make a gore option and make it so that zig you live in China, you can’t choose YES for gore, it is always locked on NO
Am I able to opt out of the poppy charm?
What about the drugs on theme park with the Chinese things????
This is so sick I am just so upset about the censorship but I will survive
0:57 did you intend that Zen
The new season could be released on 20th~ December or January
Censorship? Fuck that shit
I'm thinking a sand storm will hit the building so you cant here noise
I have dealt with pretty bs stuff in rainbow including what is about to happen such as the censored things that are about to happen. This bothers me. But if they make 1 operator less thicc im out and will quit r6.
What about drug lab???
What about bastion?\n\n\n\n\nnerF BAStiOn
Yay operation china cheats
He said impact game play as he impacts a hatch😂 0:58
When it will reach China there will be way way more hackers with probably hacks that can break the game more.
Teams will be called Police and criminals in abit, honestly wouldn’t be surprised
Promotes violence? Boi its a game built around killing people😂
I absolutely hate the censorship thats coming and think ubisoft is actually retarded for doing this
3:50  RIP BANDIT
If they changing shit they should have 6v6 instead of 5v5
December 4th. But I think I got that from you.
Censoring one or multiple aspecta of a game for the whole because a small minority of people will be offended or it breaks a law is just so ridiculous. It's cheaper yes but it creates a divide in the fan base. The small minority should be able to have a voice of course. And that's why their should either be different versions of a game or an option to change or get rid of offensive material. This is WW2 all over again
Its so annoying that they are taking out the blood!!! Idc about anything esle thats the reason i play seige for that and the unique tactical
Why is Ubi so damn lazy like just make a version of the game for China.
Rip bandit. Are they gonna change his voice line too? Is Doc gonna be using band-aids instead of drugs.
You have it wrong. Siege is copying overwatch. Wind bastion or winston and bastion or ill be bastion nerf bastion youre right so winston i wana be winston
The censorship means less demonized siege videos for me 😂😂 so meh
Notting weard that everybody hates chinese thay break everything
nice vid my guy btw this is IPRAISETHEBUUTY get a discord brother
I think me and most of the community are not pissed abt the changes themselves, most likely if they changed it without saying anything we would not even realize, we r pissed that we have to change our experience(as small as the change is) to suit one country... china
That would be dope having wind as a environmental layer , i think one of the gears of war games did that on some maps . Thought it was cool and the way they did it wasnt annoying the wind would happen ever so often
please another, PLEASE, another anti breach
Hey Zen I think that censorship sucks because this is a first person shooter and it has to have bloody characteristics plus this is not a kids game Anubis out
I hope they make a separate version of the game to have in china
strict law on china? so why most of the hacks are originated there?
I am ok with skull replacements, I might be ok with blood removal, but I am NOT ok with asset removal like slot machines. It might even affect gameplay. It means less stuff to cover behind.
If theres more Chinese playing the game means much more hackers happens with every game
I really want them to keep the blood spladder i really like it because after you team kill one of your friends or after a teamate is killed i like to keep shooting them because of the blood
Ubisoft wanting one singular version shows how lazy and greedy they are. They want maximum profits with minimum work, and forcing people who aren't Chinese citizens to adhere to Chinese standards is complete bullshit. Until they make it so that there are 2 builds I won't be playing, and I'm not the only one evidently. Ubisoft shit the bed, they need to make some amends.
I hope they give that option but not full change cus friend can’t play certain games cus of blood and stuff
Blackbeard clickbait
Get ready for FUCKING SHIT TON OF HACKERS WOOOOOOOOOOO
Zen can I play with you one day ❤
Chinese player here. Thank you so much Zen for such detailed explanations, I can tell you did a lot of research on this. However, I do want to clarify a few things: \n1. The game is not banned in China and all player can access r6 via uplay or steam. \n2. The global version for siege is currently played by the Chinese players, the Chinese build of the game under Tencent's agency is still in process. 3. Chinese players are against Ubi's action as well, the potential change to Chinese version siege could be huge and may very well affect the core game play of the game; Region lock is also not welcome. So don't be mad about Chinese players on these changes since we quite disagree with them as well.\n4. The only difference that a Chinese version siege will bring is Chinese pro league teams and more exposure rate of the game to the public. Since the streaming of the game is banned as being a part of the government examination over the game.
There was a new teaser, about 4 hours ago
As a british player myself i dont think i should follow the rules of a country im not living in wether they want money or not
Ubisoft has single handedly killed Las Vegas from the Rainbow Six universe and Canon R.I.P. Sin City
Damn i'm polish, i wish i could just get it for free. I don't have either of them.
Why the fuck would they not make a completely different version for China like for example what Csgo did, this just retarded!
Uggghhhhhhh. I’m not going to quit the game because of the changes they’re making, but it doesn’t mean I agree with these changes. It’s pretty stupid that the Chinese government would ban these types of things, especially since the game is already rated M. Now, a solution I can come up with for the Chinese government is another game rating. It could simply be called “uncensored.”
Im pissed. its a shooters game! N they want it pg-13 its rated M for a reason
Is it just me or are there almost more females than males in the game? i dont care there are girls, but its not realistic at all that its almost a 50/50 when in real life is almost a 80/20.\n\nalso, the censorship i think its really stupid, if it is illegal in china, make the china servers run the PC servers and leave the normal servers alone.
it seems like no one is going to use Bandit in China (DRUGS)
#fuckchinalaw
I dont care about the aesthetic changes to R6  as long as Cav keeps her face paint
Lol fuk  chinese  population \nHope We won't have any type of issues-lag with The servers. ... Hope they  Will have their own server cause the chinese gamers that Will buy r6s are gonna be considerably high  ... so i expect that ubi will create servers in that area  or  europeans like me are gonna have over 500ms or so. ...... pls ubi  this season will keep this game alive or killing it forever \n( pls  also buff BB )
NERF BASTION!!!
I'm personally okay with the changes unless they remove the hitmarker like blood splattering. That's when it becomes different for me. But does the censorship mean they'll have to remove all the drugs in some maps? Considering there is a location on theme park called drug lab, who knows what will happen. There is also a room full of weed on Favela. And what about all of Bandit's cocaine across the different maps? Some of this is a little concerning for me
fuck china
i think you're way off with the whole \"wind\" thing
Wait what?? They want to change melee icon from knife to fist IN A GAME ABOUT GUNS??
With the censership will that mean we might not be getting a Chinese orperater because it could be a harmful to China.
As long as it doesn’t effect core gameplay I really don’t give a shit
honestly they should just make the censored version a default setting in china, i like to keep my blood splatters on maps
I feel like siege is selling out the community just a little bit
Thanks for the great vid zen you keep me updated on almost every siege related thing but I kinda want ubi to allow leaning without aiming down sights on console
Thanks for this zen now im hyped for this season
I mean im fine with the changes but the skull thing in club house is pretty bad ass so thats not that nice
They are removing drug lab
#2buildsorriot
3:50 looks like no guns in siege anymore
Nerf Bastion
Please tell me this is fake
Censorship thought\nWell, I follow about the switch option to turn GORE on or not.\nDefault value should be off for everyone, but when it comes to the Chinese republic, they'll be some Chinese guy that will turn the gore on to see how it's like, finding this version offensive and thus, lead to a problem...\n\nMorroco Operation\nThe wind effect would be pretty cool and if it affects the grenade throw, it'll just make the skills et a little higher for nades, since you have to calculate where's the wind blowing, where you want your nades, then compensate for the throw.\nOverall, I can't wait to see (Although not on the TTS sadly)\n\nConclusion\nCosmetic changes : I agree to these changes but I don't need my game to be censored.\nMorocco ops : we had a trailer dropped plus some details about the operators, I'm looking forward to that 😀\n\nAm I a sub? I should!
So is siege pg 12 now?
I kinda dont like the censorship but  the only thing i want to know are the new operators
If China don’t want it then too bad for them😴
Crossplay needs to be added
I dont really care, like you said as long as theres still blood splatter from a shot connecting or a trail if you down them it's not a big deal. My only issue is that they are enforcing another countries laws on a global scale and I just cant support that regardless of how much i like the game.
Censorship ok then take clash out
We don't want Chinese players look at PUBG china brings hackers not all of them are but I'd says its a good majority
Nice video
0:45 and 6:40 XD
F the censorship this game is a tactical shooter if China can’t be mature then DEAL WITH IT!!!
Why don't they make it different based on you're place it's so stupid
Great content 👍❤️
Fuckin ching chongs
CHINA CAN GO FUCK THEMSELVES AND THEIR STUPID POLICIES, I’m pretty sure Ubisoft is making enough money without selling an extra 1 billion copies of the game that’s 3 almost 4 years old
Not a fan of the censorship. You are fighting terrorists and over all horrible people. It’s not like rainbow just wanted to fight so there you go, there are drug labs, corrupt mafia homes, biker gang club houses. Fuck, even Bandit, an operator, did some fucked up stuff undercover.
As Asian, I am more concerned about hackers. China has a law that kinda supports hacker. They can buy and refund as many time as they can. Hacker abuse this system. \nPerfect example ruined by Chinese hacker is PUBG. That game is filled with Chinese hacker and its literary unplayable in Asia.
Hm. Well thats shitty
man idc about what changes and what does not change as long as it's about sieging, i'm okay with that...but im more interested about the operators armory, gadgets, but most importantly for me, their bios...it tells us more about the operator...
Nice Gator Bait camo I have it too.
FPS games going global has never been a good thing for the oce region ;-;
im done with this game. actually trash
America has left the chat
You da man zen thanks for the info dude. Hopefully the changes coming soon don't snow ball and get worst over time.
They should make a vr siege
It's fine if there's an off and on button  otherwise worst decision every ubi just like clash
I might quit rainbow after the censorship
Think about the operators with skulls for their icons like twitch, blackbeard, cav and maybe ela but this will effect the tactical realism as zen said, and could be potentially a bad choice by ubisoft as that they can lose more players in the regions that play it most. I have no issue with the chinese having their own laws on video games but, should that infulence us aswell? Just make two different versions, they have the line of coding, so just change that and release that in china or where ever the law applies. I dont want to stop playing the game but i will if they completey change the meta, i have spent £100+ on this game and i don't want it to be wasted. But why change it now and not at the very beginning of siege when it was released. Wow that took a long time to write
As a moroccan...HOLY 🅱UCK THE HYPE IS KILLING ME
Are they going to take out the random card picking, that's kind of like gambling.
I don’t like the censorship change because it will take away the chance of a casino map. It’s also the aesthetics we all know and love. It should be kept
a lot of people is from china in asian servers wtf?
Gambling isn't prohibited in China but what about Alpha Packs because those weren't mentioned
all the skins with skulls
So china kinda fucked up the most things i liked in the maps
all they have to do to keep blood is make it so that on chinese servers, the blood is blue, thats what pubg did
This censorship shit is fucking retarded
Srs China can frick em selves lol. Ubi again add a gore button or something
Have any of you guys that play had a problem with acog for fuze. It's like or getting hit by a flashbang but only were the retical is
Ela is lit my BAE! She is lit the sexiest looking operator! 😋😝😭
this game is 18+ so i don't get why censoring stuff is necessary in the first place but besides all of that, i really hope that the bloodspatter on the walls will stay when i shoot a enemy it helps like allot to track people down(like Zen said).
there better be region locks
Ubisoft wants a Chinese pro league team, which explains their censorship.
That impact coordination @ 0:58 tho
In my personal opinion this could leave a bit of a dint in the playerbase. But hey we'll never know till it happens.
In teamfortress 2 there's and optional setting to turn off gore and for the German version (and other countires with strict game laws) it's fixed off. It works quite well and keeps the censors happy even though there's a way round it. I can see this option working for R6S too.
I don't understand the Hereford rework the map was good now it sucks
why even add different weather types
I think they will lose more players instead of making more. Because that were all the highlights in r6 for me and now they want to remove it :(. I mean im still gona play it but its not the game anymore it was before.
“Anything that promotes drug use” RIP Bandit
Screw the Canadians at Ubisoft bending down to China like northern Teddy Bears that they are, we’re all adults why censor things.
bring back maestro hipfire
I think the community should be a lot harder on Ubisoft and push for separate servers. Even if you don't care about these current changes,  worse stuff can only come (like the aforementioned blood splattered removal) and taking the stance now will be our best bet to have this game saved from being further molested. Also in before, \"it's only cosmetic!!!1\" or any dumb arguments like that since you might as well just have the whole game be gray squares and hitboxes with that logic (and you must not like skins, right?). Bottom line is, I don't live in China so why should something I like be changed according to their backwards laws?
Time to remove jeager’s Halloween skin.\nAre they also gonna remove the ash headgear, castle headgear, etc.\nAlso cav’s facepaint and name there is aslo Some other headgear that litteraly gives her a skull mask\n\nI most of the time don’t care About these kind of changed because there is most of the time a filter for it or different servers. But the reason Why they did this ikks what i hate the most, it just feels like a big cash grab at this moment
What going to happen to bandits intro the drug 1
3:56: first skulls, now drugs... sooo.... they gonna change bandit aswell? Fuck this then... i’d rather play gaynite then
This is what fascism is doing to the world, impeding on our freedoms indirectly...
So R6S is about to be all super weenie hut Jr. with the censorship?
Nerf bastion
Fuck China, don’t change it just for those fuckers.
I’ll play wind bastion...\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\nNerf bastion!
I don’t care about the censorship except for the blood since it’s a trademark. But the game is too fun to get angry about the game
They should remove bandit cause you know \"drugs\"
The censoring stuff sucks, this isn't fortnite.
F China. Is my opinion
Since Morocco has a desert, it could be that the map can be sometimes in a sandstorm and make it harder to peek because of the winds
I don't care about wether those changes affect gameplay or not, what I care about is that Ubisoft is clearly being lazy and stingy by applying these changes worldwide instead of making a different client for China. Accepting this is setting a precedent where they can be as lazy and greedy as they want and we can't do anything about it.\n\nAs a AAA company, Ubisoft obviously has the resources and personnel to make a different client, or even a 'toggle gore' option, AND to fix the several issues which having been annoying us for over a year, but they are too cheap to do so and choose to spend their time  thinking up ways on how to make more money with micro-transactions on Siege and all of their other games.
Thanks for the history lesson
Nerf bastion
0.57 'Impact On Game play' While Throwing An impact Grenade In The Game play. WowZa
If I see someone from china in my game they are getting vote kicked.
They also probably wont take away the biggest part of this game\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\nbugs and glitches
How do you know so much?
NERF BASTION
I'm gonna buy both of them I'm gonna have fun and I'm Moroccan by the way
Bruh Chinese play on other freakin servers anyways so y r u trying to adjust the entire game to them
They should have made a separate build for the Chinese. If Hi-Rez (a company that is much smaller than Ubisoft) can do it why can't Ubisoft replicate the same effort. \nAnd second, I'm gonna be spamming \"Ching Chong Ping Ling\" when Chinese hackers eventually hit the game.\nThink I'm gonna call it Operation: Hong Kong 97.
Chinese people Fucking suck
Damn commies are still ruining shit
Operation Censorship
Prepare for incomprehensible teammates and a crap ton of hackers
Zen, dont confuse people... ONLY enviromental blood will be removed and the blood coming out of operators will still stay.
Better change this name rating to M to T
[comment censored in favor of chinese market]
I hope this game dies out so quickly now
can we just talk about, if they are removing skull imagery, what the fuck is going to happen to jagers Halloween skin? are they going to change it and fuck over all the people who bought packs just fr it?
Duuuude i understand that they maybe have to adept to china, but why do we have to \"compensate\" for this? -.-
The changes are dumb and unnecessary. Just do what every other company has done. It’s stupid
Honestly, I don’t care about the aesthetic change. It does not affect me
Honestly Screw China why does siege need to grow that big bigger means more problems
Late to the party as always zen
What are the gonna change the ceifador headgear for cav to if this censorship happens
Yay, here comes the Chinese hackers. Yaaay
If China wants to play it leave it be, because Rainbow is a MA15+ game if you censor all those things, then what’s the point
Yo Zen ur a good youtuber I like ur thoughts about bringing the setting where u can turn it off or on. It gives us the choice that we all want
The switch system would be ideal or having a censored version in an uncensored version still playable on the global servers for PVP. This is a m-rated game that's a military anti-terrorist shooter and people get offended at bloodshed and bad words in chat I think they need to find a new game. If you want ubi to stop fucking with the game that we've all purchased and falling in love with boycott the game email them call them let them know your frustrations and refuse to play the game or promote it until they knock their bullshit off if you're okay with the constant censorship then keep playing the game till it's very cores and values are taken away to conform to the small group of crybabies instead of listening to the majority.
Incoming “R.I.P. seige lol no skulls FUCK China” Comments
Bastion? instantly thinks of Bastion from Overwatch.
Wind and bastion have to do with the operators..wind for attacker..bastion for defender
The aesthetic changes are such a non-issue. A couple of skulls and blood splatters are gone, that means nothing and does nothing to compromise the core image of rainbow. The changes to kill symbols is slightly more annoying but after a short adjustment period she be unnoticed. If these changes were made and people weren't told it is unlikely to have been noticed by the majority of players that are complaining. If Ubisoft want to get their game out to a wider audience they have every right to make these changes, without all of this criticism from people.
Whats with the Slot Machine Charm?
Dude it’s a fucking M rated game it’s not meant for kids
I think that on this map any bullets shot outside have a curb to reduce running outs and spawn peaking
God damn i dont like thes changes. They take away the character and charm from these maps, especially clubhouse
NERF BASTION
I agree that they should add a turn on or off gore button.
Hello again zen!! You probbly don’t remember me from ur last vid but basicly what i said was cud u pleaseeee make a beginners tips vid please cos I sorta nead 1 4 my beginners vid but I’m not a pro so I nead some tips from the best off the BEST so please zen make a vid of a quick 3 minute beginners vid if so or not reply love the videos zen thanks!! !!!
Ur gameplay always looks like you are pretending to be a pro
Awesome video. Only place I come for rainbow six news!!!
China can go fuck off its a damn video game if you don't like it leave
First or second week of December is when they come out
Rip Coastline and Bandit :(
Why should we change bunch of stuff for just one country
On censorship what about all the skull masks and paints
Maybe when you down someone and they crawl away there will be like a white line or something
honestly if they are going to take out the blood and drugs and etc. then you might as well drop the M rating on your game to T because the game will not feel the same after this change.
If there is going to be censorship coming will the age to bye the game go down?
I dont get why they would apease a smaller audience in china. Just keep the cool astetics in siege and dont ruin anything
So when exactly is this new season starting? Does anyone know?
Omg the censorship shit.....im pissed!!
You were 50% there with the Bastion train of thought, its because the new map is set in a Fort atop some mountains.
I just aced
will be in the chinese version also changed bandits lore ? :D  he had to deal drugs so...its against that law , no ? :D
why not just change china servers\n??
I think the new skull looks pretty dope , but the old one could stay. But any other changes should be integrated in China only , or as u said , with a switch to the old one
Fuck China and why remove the stripper light in CLubhouse thats retarded.
Ubisoft is a sell out they won’t even fix their servers or the Fuckin bullet delay fuck siege
I noticed your aim has improved. Thanks for the news!
...anything that promotes drug use\nBandit: smiles
so, if they are gonna remove gambling and etc, alpha packs will be gone?
Zen your update videos are actually so fun to watch you have to be my fav R6 You tuber
We don't want content, we want hit registration code that actually works.
wind is capitalist so they will now change the name for the chinese goverment
I don't agree with the censorship. Although I do not blame China for it. I think that Ubisoft should just keep it the way it is.
RIP any potential casino map :(
I don’t really care about the censorship but i wish they gave cav some other type of warpaint and i don’t really understand the controversy except for maybe the cav skull paint but idk just my thoughts
I cry 😭
Leave our game alone Ubisoft
Ubisoft claims they try to combat hackers. Then enables comminism updates inviting the most hackers in the world to the game.
The language thing is actually already in the game
Third hackers season in 3....2......1
Keep playing as a team doesn't actually work, you really need 5 people in your party before starting queuing... I tried it with the Lenovo challenge hadn't worked for me.
NERF BASTION
We'll see. It's incredibly stupid. The lottery machines being ripped out should also lead to no more lootboxes. If you don't want betting culture in your game, you shouldn't have betting at all.
Of course there are some nice challenges...\n\n\n\n\nAs soon as I’m grounded
Rainbow let's buff ash how about Jager umm no he to over powered
are they gonna be removing the drugs on caost
We need blood in rainbow to see where we have hit
Holy shit grim sky went bye so fast
This Asian thing is dum the voice chat will be ruined
God please, global server? With china? This is gonna be so painful, im half chinese, and trust me when I say global server with china is the worst thing that can happen to siege players. Most of chinese people dont speak english, they will just yell \"china number one\"and shit like this, and then yell in chinese and something feom  their poor english arsenal. And the worst part of this all, is that I will understand what they are sayin. \n\nI just hope china will have a asian server and stay away from Europe. Its not like I dislike china, but I dont like it either. Especially their players\n\nAnd lastly, thanks for the updates zen, at least when the storm comes, ill know why.
I think the 4th of December will be when the morrocon season will come out.
Idk if this will happen but i feel like opening this game up to china will bring a ton of hackers. We all know what happened to pubg where every game had at least 1 hacker. If china is going to be introduced they need to be region locked. Please comment what you think about this problem.
\"GAMBLING RELATED CONTENT\" BUT ALPHA PACKS ARE A-OKAY!
Are they going to get rid of the Slot Machine Charm?????
Let's play far cry 5 in China
Whoever made China video game laws are pussys not trying to be racist
“Super tactical experience.” \n\n*joins game in progress, recruit rush taking place.”
cHiNa Is A bUnCh Of PuSsIeS
Yeah more players is always a good thing....except if they're chinese      \n\ndoes anyone remember the PUBG cheating problem?
Are they going to fix the headshot problem
I have no problems just if they take out the blood I will be angry
That censorship is DISGUSTING
You should make an attachments video for all operators console!!:)
The defense opp is going to be a opp like castle
Changeing core eh... YOU MAKING A GODLY GAME \"R6S\" MORE FAMILY FRIENDLY!
U thirsty for that siege boi
6:40 OOF! That Ela!
Been playing since midnight release faithfully and is my favorite game but It has not been the same since Ubisoft Head been up pro league ass and they might not think this update with the blood and some of the visuals is a big deal but it is. Stay true to the game go back to the first season.
#showelasomeloveonconsole\n#buffelaonconsole\n#buffela
Guys let’s vote kick Ubisoft
You cant compare blizzard to ubisoft. ubit uses one platform so they dont have to do dubble the work
Not that many news are there
Does this mean Lion is being removed for being Catholic? 🤔
Nice video
Make Blackbeard shield have 5HP and remove all the downsides you can have with it and make it so when using you have lower recoil. For Glaze remove smokes and give them to IQ (win rate of IQ will increase and decrease for glaze). For Castle make it so defenders can go through the doors. Lion, remove him from the game. Tachanka, total rework. Clash is fine. Ash is fine. Zofia, remove 1 concussion nade. Buck, make him more consistent. Let Mute counter Maverick. Since Lion is removed from the game, remove Dokkaebi ability of hacking cameras or at least let her have all the cameras less Yokais and Valkrie cameras. Let Jackal be able to track 2 people at once, yes annoying but at least we won't have 2 carbines roaming (Jaeger and Vigil). Hibana is balanced. Blitz should be removed from the game, RNG operator. Let Frost have 1 more traps and remove 1 trap from kapkan and 2 from Lesion but let Lesion have a faster recharge rate. So at end of the round he stops being a clutch master just because of his annoying traps. Ying candelas should have a pattern like fuzes grenade clusters. Buff the CZ and not the SMG-12. By the way, don't care about the censoring as long they don't change game play.
I thinks it’s dumb put a switch on it
well, the building seems to look like a fortress with watch towers so I suspect the defense op is gonna have to do with that as the female op is pointing somewhere and the other male op has binoculars in their had. I believe this because I don't think Ubi featured binoculars in any other leaks, have they?.
WE fcking kill ppl in the game,this censorship shitt stupid
SJW Bugisoft
waiting for an update wheee i can get r6
IF CHINA DONT WANT EXPLICID GAMES LIKE SIEGE WHY THE FUCK WOULD THEY LET UBISOFT HAVE THIS GAME IN CHINA I HOPE IT DOESN'T HAPPEN
Zen i watch u for a little while now (sinds i started playing r6) and i love ur vids and i watch all of em but im not gonna pay to join , but i hope i will still belong in the lzs once.  Ps. i would love to play r6 with you once,  can i add you?
Lol deletes the slot machines but have loot bags in their game that you can pay real money and for the Halloween pack you had to pay money.
Are u playing in Bronze Elo?! You always get retarded enemies and you're always fucking crouch peeking...
Hope the $5 a month helps
Not being funny, but literally no one is going to even acknowledge the censorship changes whilst you’re playing, it’s pathetic and petty that people are getting ‘upset’ get a grip, it’s helps the game grow, and that’s what everyone has been asking for.
STOOOPID CHINA WANTING LESS BLOOD FUCKING TWATS
Thank god its not a blackbeard change
NERFBEARD??
If China comes to this game, there will be a shit ton of hackers #chineesehackers
I think the new season will be on December
#BuffClash
Man fuck China don't change my Bloody fucking game
Ur the best i love this channel \nI am always waiting for u to upload \nWhen new stuff come to R6
Nothing that promotes drug use... guess coastline and bandit are getting removed
What about cavs face paint
December 6th or something around that
Boi said western countries for Asian countries
I don't like this censorship proposal. They said they wouldn't change gameplay, but are taking out 3D assets, thus can offer more sight lines and different spots to place bullet proof cameras. And in the Chinese law, it states that it won't promote cults, but the map Oregon is literally the base for a cultist group.
Ubisoft are only censoring everything so they can make more profit from selling to China.\nThey don't care about any of the community or improving their game.
What about some gun skins with skulls on them?
NERF BASTION
I agree they should have a switch for regions skyscraper just wont feel right without the blood.
Another YUUUUGGGGEEE UPDATE! \n\nRED WAVE  💯
This censorship is idiotic we shouldn’t be led by stupid censors for money. This is morally wrong! They just should make two versions of the game and everyone would be happy
I think they are gonna be trap ops
LOL good luck with all the hackers battleeye
Tbh im fine woth some of these changes and i love seeing r6s grow but its hard to play ranked because sometimes i play with people from different regions and i cant really do good because i cant understand them. I think there should be different servers to better understand each other and play better\n\nP.S- if this sounded racist its not i just want to play with people i can understand well
tnx for the vid
Hello I am a fan who would like to play with u I just recently started on pc
So what is Bandit gonna do without drugs?
Thanks for the awesome update! Noone ever does this job as good as you!
Damn commies
R6 year 3 season 4: operation nerf bastion
we need region lock
No!! nerfs no more blood what's next? No more Cav or capi?
Id want them to do reverse of what they are doing, id like them to add more gore and edge, id like them to do like CoD, so that you can get ur limbs blown off, so obviously, i HATE what they are doing
dammit china
Why can’t the restrictions be based on location or servers
Only 102k subs? Dang i've been watching for some time now and i think i speak for a lot of people. You deserve way more!
My problem is that Ubi has already admitted they are going to need multiple versions of the game anyway, so why bother. Just does not make any sense to me.
I'm hyped so far for this
If they censor the blood that will be sad af
i wanna be winston 🦍
They have to remove bandit
I love your vids zen honestly my most favourite r6 youtuber keep it up(;
[this comment has been censored by the People's Republic of China]
Yeah but if you look in the comments of VarsityGaming's video there is a comment that is from a Chinese person, yes Chinese, that talks about how their version of siege is the same as ours at the moment but they're changing it for baso no reason.
Ubisoft doesn't want to change core gameplay but by changing caveira and her face paint they change the spookiness of her
0:57 timing
So.. ¿\nNo Skulls=No Mexican Operators? ;(
siege has alpha pack gambling , drugs, and it involves around these things what is ubi going to do replace cav ,bandits op vid , half theme park??
What they going to do with the drugs in theme park change it to glitter??\nEdit: most likes i've ever had
No balls you won't pin this comment
Quality content
NERF BASTION!!!
Nice great informations from you thx Dude 👌✌️
Excuse my language but . Fuck China
Can you do a video on when the blitz elite will come out?
\"... Drug use\" well then they will never experience favela and coastline. BTW @zen ubisoft really (im not lying) removes the make up of caveira
They can do whatever they made the game if u don't like it don't play it
Hi zen how are you
Man I literally heard about this an hour ago and you already have a vid up
What about Drug Lab on Theme park, a Chinese map!
I'm hyped about this new map it's gonna be fun
Dude coreross got all this info over to us in less than 6 mins ads are not fun!
FIRST
U made me happier thanks
Nice vid 👍
Nerf Bastion?
Keep up the vids fave YouTuber ever love u man ❤️❤️
360p squad :p
U mean operation censorship
Daddy
Im Moroccan And Im sooo Excited  Lets Fucking Goo 🔥🔥
360p squad
I'm a time traveller.
Nerf Bastion
Can someone tell me what date the new season coming out
love from Australia.
Good video and all but...... 360p..
I'lL bE bAstIon\n\n\n\n\n\n\nNeRf BAstiON
144p squad?
Notif squad :D
Why is the video 360p?
1st to watch the whole vid
Wassup Zen?
Love ur videos
Season 4 HYPE :D
Noti squad
New barricade look?
Already know all the News but i still wanna watch your video <3
I am a Walmart. SHOP IN ME
First one lol
First
Well time to start grinding
To anyone that sees this comment, I hope you have a great day and enjoy it!!
I love yourvids
Ash is pro
360p squad
First!!!\nThank you for keeping us up with updates.\nYou are such an active YouTuber and you should have a lot more subs.
Can u pin this pls
360p??\n\n\nNah im kidding no probs I'm a big fan
Sponges are not real.
Hi Keep lying you’re really good
Gug
First time being the first comment
ZEN IS LITT
1st
First
hi
You're the best-dude
First comment
First notification squad
First
1
Not the first
Rockin60
1st
Eyyy
First
Hello
First
First
It should be Chinese again because hAH THEY SURE DO LOVE THEM!