Tape Flex
Not the hockey puck fuze more like the war criminal fuze
You should’ve just said fuze kills hostages and that would be it
Well this is a story, all about how I taught some new kids, from battle royale, Our teamwork was great, and our kills were good, Spreading peace and joy in every neibourhood(how do you spell?) We did this by giving content to the masses, Until tuxbird came in and flexed on our asses.
1:04 ??
Marcel’s voice was so familiar from VanossGaming. Anybody else?
STOP THAT
You should play with vanoss
Dfuck is The CC on the vid?
BOOM
Thermite and Ying is as good as a fanthicc as IQ and Ela
10:49 i love how you're just emptying a clip into cans of pro-pain and nothing happens
“ I guess watching their twitch doesn’t help” damn....... stream sniper spotted!
LETS GET IN THERE, dew doo dew dew my name is Cleveland brown
Wait, I see Thermite but no Thatcher. What the absolute fuck?
Love macie
You should've played with Cartoonz
9:11
1 man 1 lean 5 headshot and 5 reports lol
He knows wildcat!
Tape Flex Flex Tape
What is the skin called that he has on ying
6:31 yings legs god
"Once you get over the hump is a lot more fun" -Badger 2018
"Frost is a bad operator"
When u tried to rrevive sypher there was a trap next to sypher
can some1 make this video but just with a counter of how many time bajur says FELLAS
I bet you 50 dollars badger you wont play tf2
Ima maverick,ying,maestro,and a doc main
Frost is the best operator bitch
When you see the old recoil before grim sky and remember that the game took skill to aim at one point
7:12 its wildcat screaming
I'm gonna miss this rarted when zie internet diez
That would be awesome to play with badger#MOARbahjer
Of course the battle royalers call someone sweaty
I prefer therming that combo name is better
Good god I love this
Did you ever chose fuze in the hostage mode just to flex on teammate ni????as?
Dont call frost bad pls
shroud = friccin aimbot GOD
Tux
Thermite= Kool Aid Man
badger you are really good at seige
I got my first ace with my frost elite skin when I first got the op.
Tlex fape
CANADA!
Why does his face look like another youtuber i found 3 years ago
Fuse and Lord Tanchanka vs other operators
BARK
is bm bad manners
I just realized the thumb nail is that one drake meme
Frost isn’t even a good operator NANI gets triggered
What if im watching this on September 27th?
can you teach me
0:07 - 0:18 It can be like "A really big fucking hole coming right up", but if you're, if you're bustin a wall, and it's like a firefight, he'll be like, "A REALLY BIG FUCKING HOLE COMING RIGHT UP!!!"
90% of the time me and my friends win we are memeing and 90% of the time we lose we are going try hard
puncake
I like frost
i thoght it was ravioli
I thought the sypher only played fortnite ????
There is no such thing as a perfect vid...
My friends and i have created a perfect team called, The Thing! The=Thermite, Th=Thatcher and Ing=Ying. We have also added capitão and blitz. I cant think of a single gane we have lost with that set up
Murica!!!!!!!!!
Catch Northernlion at 10:00
This whole idea of just helping noobs is really fun and wholesome, noice one badge boi. Wish I got some ppl to have fun in this game ;-;
Shroud is OP , he gon na kill all
0:22 you need to make a song of that
JUST SLAP SOME FLEX TAPE AMD IT'LL BE FIXED
A black man, a pig, and a badger walk into a game lobby...
Flextepepettape
Tlex Flap
u need to teach vanossgameing
So funny lmao I'm ded
I fucking hate this game
a thermite quote should be "you never know whats gonna be coming through that really big fucking door coming right up"
See i played twitch during the free weekend..was that...was that a mistake?
Down enemy. Heal enemy. Let teammate finish off enemy. … … … … … Most charitable teammate ever.
WHY do you act like my friend from school. ..
he picks up his eyepatch when he leans right to see. under his eyepatch is a eye in perfect condition
U want a talk about flexing a friend of mine one tapped a hibana in the head with a black ice skinned magnum as lardex the destroyer of buffets with a dirty angle where they could only see his head
whatt is name of the song at the end
Ummm you and tux look eerily similar... 0.o
Badger meeting wildcat is like Batman and superman
“Frost isn’t even a good operator....” That hurts badger, that hurts.
I wish I had friends like them
Yo he looks like the green goblin lmao
Hi
something i'm still confused at: if you have not said it already, WHY DO YOU HAVE SO MANY FROGS?!?!?!?!!?!??!?!?!? thaks you :3
Capito has the solid snake of eyes
ARE YOU SURE ABOUT THAT
Of course Cartoonz won he is pretty good
Is it just me or does it sound like Badger & Comicstorian could be the same person. They sound EXACTLY the same.
This video was really good in till I saw your face ngl
According to all known laws of aviation, there is no way a bee should be able to fly. Its wings are too small to get its fat little body off the ground. The bee, of course, flies anyway because bees don't care what humans think is impossible.
Were you talking about Sokol from payday 2
Badger what resolution do you play at? Also what are your PC specs and peripherals?
4:39 Play erotic fucking song here!
Same with basically i do work and cartoonz
Wildcat plays with vanossgaming
MURICA
Too Flashy Dawg
a really big f*cking hole coming right up.”
I would play moar siege but my friends are too try hard to have fun with, always screaming at each other and complaining about carrying. It’s too much hassle, ya know?
Flex tape zone
Courtesy to the Russian hockey player himself Alex overchkin
That's a lot of damage
How do you get the red headgear for bandito dorito
Gubisoft needs to make an operator that flex tapes windows and make it so they can’t melee or breach charge it(like a reinforcement)
Wait....... I didnt know your in the vanosscrew now?
idk if this has been on YouTube... but this NEEDS to be seen more. Its THE BEST https://www.reddit.com/r/Rainbow6/comments/8xyt4y/ubisoft_should_remove_exothermic_charges_from/?utm_source=amp&utm_medium=top_post
Frost Is good
can we get 10 k likes :)
8:18 The fuck you just say about my bitch
But who won
Yeah I can not hot breach with a termite charge with shotgun with no attachment too
? ?????? ????? ???
This video is sponsored by squarespace
I have over 100 tks and havent been banned its great they put a suspension but I can still play terrorist hunt and glaz one shot headshot teammates :) and you cant be put on a bigger suspension it still counts the days down still tking
Badger I think you mean: Thermite+Ying = "The Thing"
Play with vanos
Is Badger true Slav?
yah therms arms are legit made of spam
Lol I got a porn and madturbation addiction rehab ad while watching this video.
Team cartoonz withe h2o delirious and ohm Team badger with him his fwend and wildcat and basically Both of those team are entertaining
Phil swift says your flex has already been sealed
TANGO SUCKA
Is it just me? Or do Tux and Smiity have the same voice
But can you do Artillery Only???!
10:29 what the fuck kinda word is “more”? I think you mean “moar”
Shit i miss the sale
Would you ever play on console?
I can't even do any backflips!!!
This is probably the best YouTuber I stumbled upon great content
please do a video on capitao he doesn't get enough love
thermite is countered by Phil swift
0:22 Thank me later.
Could u plez make a valk video i just git her and want to learn how to play her better
Should I get Ela or lesion for my next operator
I broke my glasses playing siege
thermite + ying = THE THING
Where my doc mains at?
Bajur you are my favorite YouTube. You inspired me to make a YouTube channel of my own. Never stop making content, and inspiring people to grow the YouTube community. All I can say is thank you.
lmao on the discord I @ed badger lmao got banned
Where you friends before
I got the 60% off R6S ad halfway through this video. Man, if only I had something to play it on...
I just bought this game aaaaand i kinda wanna but Doc is IT a good thing?
I have a channel which has Newbie editting R6 Montages (im New) if you can support me on this journey i will be happy:]
Croatis
everytime marcel barks take a shot.
i play this game for over a year now and i still suck ass
I wonder why there no valkrye video yet
well this is the story all about how I taught some new kids from battle royale
manger du cul et du gaz
we need an operator from highlander. He gets only a pistol but he gets a healthpoint for every health point he takes from enemy or friendly players. He just kills his whole team and has 500 HP. Finishes the round with 1000 after taking no damage. Health doesn't resent betwen rounds.
I’ve wanted these guys to play together for so long
After doing some research, I found out that Badger lives at the Apartment Building called Gateway across from Pier 3 in San Francisco. He's got one of the front apartment rooms on the right above the gym. Floor 5-8. If you're in SF, go find him lol
badger charborg jameskii swagger and fitz sounds like a team imo
Badger on other team nitrocells whole team
Wildcat and badger what a meme duo??I’m so happy
Play some more fortnite!
Anybody notice how the russian said "murica"? Coincidence? Collusion?
i love the video on ying cause "stay in your lane" and "operation daymen son"
Imagine if fuzes mvp pistol sound was suppressed if you had that on Just loud russian national anthem and a sad thwap of the pistol
Hey can you do a video on the dude that has the crossbow please
Hey Russian Badger can you try for Honor?
Welcome to the stupidity of the vanoss crew
Its good to see that they dont have foking laser sights!
I want to play with u I suck
I played a peaceful game of rainbow
Dad said it's my turn on the objective
No stop uploading the same game and i have stolen that line from one of your videos but who gives a damn okay and pls like start uploading some battlefield 1 or fortnut or or something else
is this game worth it?
BaJuR BAjuR ForTniTe sEasOn 4
will you play BF5 when it comes out? just asking
"im starting with the man in the mirror im asking him change ways" why did he say that in the mira video?
PLAY FORTNITE S5 DO ITTTT
Ali A
How come you don't play fortnite anymore badger??
Kill Badger
Thermite is te equivalent of "FBI OPEN UP"
THAT DAB AT THE START
When can I expect my Grim Sky video bagel?
Badger, I love your videos! Please do Witcher 3: Wild Hunt!
Im not a hater but the only reason why badger is soo good is that 1. He played for a long time 2. people dont watch him and 3. THE ENIMIES ARE FUCKING IDIOTS
You sound like game theorists
So... when are we gonna get that recruit elite skin? ??????
Thanks so much badger, I've recently gotten into the game and I'm already addicted. Best game of all time.
Bajur its 4 am and I want to go to bed but I physically can't stop watching stupid youtube videos like "my entire pool filled orbies" and "no flex zone" like wtf
Tachanka mains identify as a god with bottles of vodka at their disposal
Hey Badger, you gonna do a Marvel Spider Man or Spider Man PS4?
Next vid name not lackin lesion
Van you do a video with all frootyMcRooty...and show how team work and comms can beat t in e special operators!
Where's the VIDEOS
Hey badger I have a really good strat on coastline with Valkyrie
I watched this on tux's channel. Great job ??
bajur are you going to do battlefileld 5 beta
@THERUSSIANBADGER I love u, u d serve more
is 6 days without a vid safe to say that badger is dead?
What you say about frost
Please do a Frost video
Fitz x THERUSSIANBADGER please
You know you’ve had a channel longer then PEWDIEPIE
What are your controls for rainbow
I need help I got scammed out of my entire inventory by eFext Liam on Xbox my username is Hope spider
NO FLEX ZONE NO FLEX ZONE
Badger dead
Any possibility you could make a soundboard of your one liners? like "details" and "tanks"?
At 5:51, Ash foot is still broken!!!!!
Nah, Cartoonz got dis.
stop you've violated the law
Flex is life
I want Rainbow Six Siege now. But I’m fucking broke
Tux for the Mavericks picture now
BAJUR pls.. play for honor. I need help. (Everyone please like if you agree so BAJUR sees this)
I love this channel I’m subscribing keep it up
Badger. I'm disappointed. Thermite + ying. The thing.
Artillery ONLY
Remember when RussianBadge said he had no interest in becoming a R6 youtuber and the game was a dead end and was gonna do For Honor?
Artillery only please
Is clarence dead? WHERES CLARENCE
Hey Badger can you help me i suck at all the operators plus i play on xbox one
flex attack
??? ?????
ayee much love badger but my boissss won woot!
Where id thr lion a10 above meme
ALWAYS PUMPIN THE PHADEST BEATZ IN THAT OUTRO, WUBWUBWUBWUBWUBWUBWUBWUBWUB
Pulse got nerfed so his nitrocell is now useless due to how he slowly swaps out of his heartbeat censor. Anyone that’s been detected probably already move out of position so badger you can no longer get those nitrocell kills. We might as well should have impact grenades cause nitro cells are useless badger can’t possibly get kills by nitro cell either.
Shroud and MJ is gonna win
So when we getting artillery only?
Badger remember these words said by you when frost gets her elite skin: "Frost is now hot enough to melt ice."
Oof, I broke the game The game trial glitched for me and I got it free
frost is amzing i have mained her since she came out
TO SHOW YOU THE POWER OF CLEAR TAPE I CUT A BIG FUCKING HOLE IN THIS WALL
Maverick + thermite = marmite
It’d be amazing if you could place all Fuze’s cluster charges and detonate them all at once.
I am a Drooc main
I didn’t know u know wildcat
REVIEW SPACE HULK : DEATHWING! please?!
Capitao?
I tried to get sale on PS4 yesterday and couldn't get it, any ideas?
You really need to do a vid on the new operators
bajur your how to siege video is featured on Ubisoft’s website. (Yes I know it was sponsored)
Badger on fuzes lng when you reload you can see ,,fuze the hostage‘‘ with or without the elite camo on
Strange to think how many you tubers are friends.
Wildcat's "bruh You trash" would be the best hotkey on a soundboard.
Tell us story about burn on hand
orrick looking for that BAN
Ha got banned from the discord because I said “Clu out here banning people” ya rip
Yo badger if u could have any oporater in ported in the game what powers would u want him to have and if u see dis can u teach me how to play badger aka best YouTuber ever thx for making content keep up the good work
frost iz h0t
I was watching tuxbird and I saw that
Smacks lips Now this is a damn good video
I left my binder at school :(
When will you do artillery only?
I’m expecting Logan Paul jokes when it comes to the Grim Sky video
Can we give recruit an elite skin
Who won
Shrood and macie are gona stomp on the competition
Ooh weld kat
Make a clash and maverick vid already
DO ARTILLERY ONLY
DO ARTILLERY ONLY DO ARTILLERY ONLY DO ARTILLERY ONLY DO ARTILLERY ONLY DO ARTILLERY ONLY DO ARTILLERY ONLY DO ARTILLERY ONLY DO ARTILLERY ONLY DO ARTILLERY ONLY DO ARTILLERY ONLY DO ARTILLERY ONLY
I would prefer calling thermite + ying = thing
Mok
Mkok
I want eekaj back
Hey badger thanks for advertising about rainbow I love this game p.s. I need help in multiplayer
I love albeti spaghetti and thonking thatcher
y u no grimm sky?
Oy crigey 8 thats a rea1ly big fookin alliGAYtor
ARTILLERY ONLYY
I've managed to save up 100k renown.... I have just the basic operators and I can't decide who to get. Suggestions?
you banned me from your discord for nothing my name i am suicdal#0467 please unban me i did nothing
Hi
wow your playing with vannos crew noice flex tape boiii
I did my first day at subway today
No new vid about seige!!
if you thonk about it shouldn't a pizza be a big hole less bagel?
How do you get the text up at exactly the time you alll speak?
fuze elite emote shouts ‘Murcia
Wait If You Thought Wildcat And Marcel How To Siege Shouldn’t They Teach You How To Royale
artillery ONLY!!!!!!!
U should make a for honor video
ARTILLERY ONLY!!
GRIM SKY JUST CAME OUT
All hail the King of R6 Siege
I'm a frost
you should apply for the new joker role
Unban me from ur server pls daddy Bajur Serbian.Gopnik
Yo dawg, haven't played the Division, like, at all? What?
I love your attitude, and it's a great thing to teach new players as it's the only way to get through that initial slog of just getting oriented. Whew.
Plz do a Frost video
Badger, make a For Honor video
Is it me or when badger is showing gameplay clips when he talks its like he edits it in it doesn’t sound natural
T
Yo badger u should play gtav again
Not video related but I just found out gabe the dog died ??????????????????????????
10:18 if he was a sad boi y doesn't he wear the midnight owl gear
Who would’ve thought that 3 years ago he was saying the game is shit but now it’s kinda one of the most games he has played except bfcptsomething now three years later he plays a shit load of r6
“frost isnt even a good operator” thats one of the dumbest thing ive ever heard anyone who plays this game say. frost has a really good rifle and her abilities unintentionally save games.
This is the infinity war crossover of YouTube gaming
Well Tyler Wow Rare footage of him in another game
Evan braddock is not there Even Fitz, Cartoons, Vanoss, H20 Delirious ??
Top Ten Anime Crossovers.
TheRussianBadger looks like Stephen Karl rip RussianBadger.
this video almost 1337!!!
What vid is the nico nico kneecaps from
badger, why russian? i'm russian and when i saw ur channel first time, i thought u r russian sorry 4 my bad eng
What do you think of the new operators?
Bajur y u look exactly like Connor form Detroit becum humaines
8:20 triggered
Question, why havent you made a video about Capitao yet?
How dare you call my main not a good operator
I taught my friend to play this game he is like level 2 and he is still better than the people I get on my team in ranked
11:26 Lol that sssssskkkkrrrrrtttt on Fuze at the end XD
9:14 Lol. ey....itz the space mahrens that wanna kill badger. Good times :P
Yo, they had oil Wildcat: MEEEERICAAAAAAA!!!!
When Kapkan is beating his meat he’s fapkan
The fuck happened to your discord badger
Rip Robbie rotten
"He shot pistol in sky merica" cant argue with that logic
some people speak engrish and some people speak portruguese for the looks of it
HOL UP LET ME GET IT STARTED STEVE IS ALWAYS MINING GETTING STACKS OF DIAMONDS STEVIE LAGGIN KILLIN THE DRAGON MADE A DIAMOND PICK NOW IM FLY LIKE ALLADIN MININ GEMMIE PULL UP TO THE CRIBBY UH PICKY PICKY PICKY ON OBSIDI-UH DIGGY DIGGY KILLIN ALL THE PIGGY UH GETTIN SICKY GIVE THE COW A LICKY UH - 6ixMine
just got my account working subed
Hey frost is a good operator
i am a sledge main and i take offense to you not using his elite
B l y a t
i swear to if u dont play anew game im gonna MOAR BOI
Frost is my favorite operator
So I have been watching most of the Battlefield 1 videos. The next time you do a massive killing spree, try to get music (probably one with high BPM) and use that instead. It feels more satisfying that way.
Oh boi wildcats autistic screeching on my favorite channel, just what i wanted ??
hey badger. yesterday i saw an account called shroud-c9 getting banned by battleeye. is it true?
nikolai khabibulin
No flex zone they know better they know better
These last couple of videos don’t seem like the regular Badger
Bajur I dont get why you make fun of rook for being the heaviest operator. According to bios, it's sledge.
I looked up what blyat meant and its Russian for fuck
???extra ???ick
I loved the intro song
I loved the intro song
It's not capitAO..It's pronuncied capitAUM
Maybe you could do a Warframe video next?
just bought my 3rd copy of r6 fml
Did some see the gun on the foot o thermite on 2:56
Did you just call my waifu frost trash? U FOKIN W0T BAJUR?
Forgive my stupidity but how do you get that red ting set?
Wheres bikini when you need him
Do the new grim sky operator's
Jesus Christ is FLEX
Can you play different game any game please put a different game why are we still here save me
Do you still play with pranx?
Make a fortnite vid already
What is the camo at 11:00
BAJUR THEY GAVE BLITZ A ELITE SKIN
The adventures of Badger and Friends: Episode 3
Ive never been able to shoot an attacker with docs stim pistol yet....one day
Tachunky needs a MVp skin where he ride in on a bear
Wait, BIDW in this vid? Whats happening??!!
NO DISCOUNT ON STEAM
Finally wildcats channel isn’t dead
8:53 *Gu’finess
Of course Shroud and Macie are gonna win u dumb shit LOL
MORE CROSSOUT!!
Off Topic but does Grouse have a channel? He’s dummy funny
So who won the competition for the event? Also i feel like MJ and Shroud together isnt as fair. I know for sure Shroud has played Seige more than the rest of these guys
you know badger is making a toxic tryhard server on Clash and Maverick right now
Karen
Was that SMii7Y at the end saying that he agrees with your statement?
Ma boy cartoonz
I'd like to see a video of yours without as much commentary in between clips just to see how it would compare to your usual content. I feel as if the unexpectedness of what's going to happen next would add to the enjoyment of your videos. keep up the great work!
Pls make capitao video????????
Flex shoes
If anyone wants to help a newish player, my Xbox gamertag is ChicoTheProphet. Also, my discord is the same name.
How do you get that theatre mode type thing??
Do a Roblox video pls :3
Hey badger, I just got siege, you got any tips for a pure beginner?
You should play For Honor
Pls do face reveal
.......Sponsored by Planet Fitness
Capitao isn't mexican. Also, it isn't Holmes, homes. It's homes, homes. Get it, homes?
pls play the culling next
Where does the busted sound effect come from
Anyone else watch tux’s vid and remember these scenes?
Lol gay
Call thermite turdmite
I want kapkan and finka to be buffed so bad that while on a Quebec trip I yelled at the Ubisoft building
Flux Tupe
Play ranked
Shoulda asked ubi to bring the acog
So, when we gunna get the grim sky gameplay?
personally thought you guys would win but I also like cartoons but either way I'm glad you guys had fun bet the event was just as fun and keep up the good work badger
NEW OPERRATERS BROOOOO
JUST TO FLEX ON 'MURICA
Just got banned from his server for no reason lol.
I watched this stream on tuxes twitch 1000 viewers
I still don't have a black ice, lvl 100+... :(
Can't wait for the operation RIM GUYS starts gonna be great
Frost is he best how dare u disrespect my woman devil that’s why I’m also a mei main in overwatch I love the woman devils
Is therussianbadger actually russian ?I’m serious
When ever badger uploads 3 times in 1 week
Where was the ravioli
0:40 Ubisoft doesn't know how to use their operators .
HEY RussianBadger new MEGA SLAM DUNK in crossout so bring out you're inner Gromek999 and make another video about crossout pwety pweez ^_^ love you're vids bty good stuff
MOAR BADGER
It’s ez to hot breach as thermite
No
Why did he delete his video Hi, I’m Badger.?
What's the date of the tournament
it isn't 60% off in the steam store ?
No child
Collab with Macie jay
11:43 what an oof
TTS PLAY NEW OPS!!!!!
One time my controller broke and I threw a grenade instead reviving. The next thing I heard was mic peaking screams from a tormented soul
Hi Isaac
What about vanoss?
Aye fam wots ur editing software
Gucci tape
What’s the outro song called
Who is ready for the operation from sky vids from russian
It is the 21
11:25 basically screams merica even tho he's playing a German operator ??????
well obviously team shroud and macie are gonna win you dimb shi-
0:37 well Evan Braddock can
Frost main here to tell you that the 4 man clutch from Frost says she is a good operator thank you very much
I listened what u said so now im saying it TEAM SHROUD GONna win xd
Tachanka turret on wheels for next season?
Norman Yeetus
How are u so good
"Avengers infinity war is the most ambitious crossover event in history" Me:
I'm a huge 49ers fan and love some rb6 siege. How fun was it playing with Goodwin and Garcon? # niner empire
Badger is really funny, too bad i can't stand this game. I miss the old battlefield days :(
Well this is a story about how... my life got flipped upside down
PLEASE PLAY SOME BF1!!!! I love ur videos
When your content is good but nobody notices you ;(
Sypher didn’t fit in
Woah...Boi did you just say Frost is NOT a good operator...AHHHHHH
Can anyone recommend a good attack that I should buy?
But badger u can hot breach with thermite by using it before you repel in
angry joe is an idioit
August 16-27 ? Seems like bullshit cuz its already over.
cyka use lmg for fuze
Stop playing this shity game
Hope I can get some fun squad like this. Even I'm on casual, I always got sh*t talk and pressure from being bad(Not toxic, just bad) at this game...
Since when did Henry Cavill w/ a receding hairline own a R6S channel?
I see wildcat is finally not playing fortnite for once
Nah Macie and Shroud gonna kick some ass.
captain v god capitao is next?
I just figured out that badger is from canada
11:23 that awkward moment when you say a joke and no ones laugh.
We got the same hairline bro..go russia?
Do you know that blyat means fuck
How do you make those broll clips
Really can't stand wildcat
I knew cartoon is going to win because he has a secret weapon H2O delirious
Yo Badger, how da hell you play games with all these subtitles always in the way?
5:08 but to be fair, one was stream sniping.
Why is it that you remind me of Brandon Urie
Feel bad bout Sypher, must’ve felt a lil awkward, he didn’t fit in exactly.
Did you at least get to see daddy shrouds fat cock?
5:02 "I guess watching their Twitch doesn't help" Useless snipe :v
corn porn :>
of course shroud and macie gonna win ooff
FUCK I DIDN SEE THIS Video yesterday
My craps are more explosive than kapkans c4
Thermite + Ying = Thing
shroud and macie are gonna clap everyone’s cheeks
Thermite + Ying = Thing
Well of course Shroud and Macie are gonna win, you dumb shi-
CARTOOOOONZ
whats the song at the end ?
I've been here since skull rain and I think the battle royal event was the best yet worst thing that ever happen to r6 my one problem is the toxic fortnite players flooding casual with tking and stealing kill (I lost My Jäger to a level 7 that got one tapped while trying to spawn peak) the pubg community is chill when it comes to r6
a really big fucking flex coming right up
that thermite impression on point
Lil tay
I want that Ying skin :(
first i got it for free to see if i liked it then i bought it for 16eur so big fukin win for meh
does anybody else think that badgers four head gets bigger each outro
IG: gorski.krystian
Hey badger have you played the battlefield 5 beta
sypher was really silent lmao
FUN...
How many subs bajur goin get from wildcat and marcel?
Please play with wildcat and marcel more ??this shit is gold
Yo Big Boii Badger, that outro was hella FRESH my dude. ????
God damn these people are loud
That discount lasts until I go to boot camp
Bring Vanoss too plz.
Tf2 vid is probably next because Badger said: ,,when we gonna light a bunch of thing on fire (Pyro) and make a fun of the cyclopes (demoman)" or he was saying about Capito XP idk anyway great FLEXING video TAPE like always. :3
Two new operators, Maverick and Clash, are now added to R6S
No doodling for you, badger :(
???? ?????
Y is nug not a mentor
Clash=bald British lesbian holding a shield
So just jumped back into siege about 3-4 weeks ago and before that I hadent played since about the first round of dlc years ago. My friend and I had a deal cause he's been begging me for a long time to play it with him so I'm trying now. I'm not the worst but i don't do that great so I was wondering if anyone i had any advice to help me out? Thanks!
Could you help me in Siege, Im two days new in Siege. I have Xbox btw ;-;
Balyt
3:53 has me dying , “I’m watching this in 540p” ??
Nice poster my guy.
5:24 "an unkown person saved us as sledge i wonder who it was" its fucking badger
Do operation sky grim
They literally made a charm for macie jay
New operators coming right up
no flex zone with 14k R6 credits
Thermiteying
You like flex tape but it’s not gucci enough? Try Flexing Flex Tape. It’s overpriced, and completely useless!
stop balding
please do more videos with wildcat and marcel
Flex boy
THATS A LOT OF DAMAGE!!!
Wildcat has successfully become megumin
They knowwww better they knowwww betterrr (only real ones get it)
Switch up the content God damn what happened
Shroud is such a shit. I hope you guys dumpster him.
@therussianbadger yo when you start a round on attacking play The Dark Knight prologue to make yourself seem more badass. Seriously once that bass note hits you become a God
Play with VanosGaming
badger, what do you think of the new operator??
WoHa
8:17 hey frost is my baby okay
0:40 AHAHAHAHAHA I CANT I CANT
Theres nothing like a bunch of idiots playing a tactical game and winning to make you think damn i love R6S.
Btw you know when capitao leans left how does he see?
Daddy teach me
Cartoonz is gonna win. In my imagination
Haha more cash
Montagne: what are you Clash: I'm you but better
As a content creator, does anyone know how bajur gets those thumbnail images of the operators?
Sypher reminds me of the cipher from MGSV
Teach Clarence to play next
DoNt u Taalk shiit AbOut my girL FrOsT
When you dont know their names that well - "good job ...FELLAS"
Frost Elite....... Nugget Beware the goddess of the game !
i mean, it was obvious shroud wouldn't win, he plays ranked not casual
sorry badger but I got to be on team CaRt0oNz I love that guy
Too bad dude I’m flexing ??????
Ima be real wit chu chief. The only way to beat macie and shroud is to act SO casual that they can’t predict it.
Logan Paul is gonna play this game more than ever now when the new character (Maverick) is coming out
0:23 this is the best thing I have heard today
Seal Flex
A really big fucking hole in your head coming right up
1:04 You just switch the topic to your shitty promotion of the game to make everyone forget about the fact shroud and macie are gonna win?
SOVIET RUSSIA
I wanna see vanoss and badjur
more like the rush in badger
Holy shit, haven't heard those dudes in a while.
"Frost isn't a good operator" I'm a little triggered now
I low key want to see a video of all the things he says at the end of every video he has
Does Badger Play RANKED??? And If Not Does Anybody Know Why??
anyone k ow how to fix sound on r6 seige? every sound works for every game even the main lobby for seige but as soon as I get in the character select screen it all cuts out
I hate it when try hards get sweaty and we lose
Wait where thatcher at
Yeet
When you have a competitive competition in causal
Honestly...my shitty life smells better thanks badger.
Did anyone know that flash bangs can kill you by severely burning you
11:24 BLYEEEEEETTTTT
Hi Isaac
Hey! I’m new to siege and I really like your videos because there full of clips that help me to get a small bit better than the garbage I am but it doesn’t help that much so I was wondering if you could Mabey give me some pointers? Thanks for your time if you read this??
Not against you badger but you should have shown more parts where the new booties did good
Ur gay
we need RussianBadger V SovietWomble
Casual lmao
Soz badger but I’ve outgrown this channel. I’m to old for this shit and it’s legit just 80% siege vids with identical format
I saw u in San Francisco and I was to scared to say hi
Tachanka has the best lines
Is it worth it if I get rainbow six?
play with them ,vanoss ,nogla , dalerious and wild cat more often u guys would make some grade A content love ur vids like always though badger
Yummmy
“Light a bunch of things on fire and make fun of a cyclops” cyclops won...
I bet shroud will get couple kills because of his aim then get KILLED by a jager
cool
Liar, you will all die by the hands of the mighty BikiniBodhi!
I heard wild cat from vannos
BLYAAAAAAT
would you say your homo-flexual
5:04 look at the bottom right what a stream sniper
cease
You lied its August 19th right now and I'm trying to get but it won't work on PS4
I wouldn’t have know that it was a free weekend but I ended up getting 2 of my friends to buy the game and now we can do full squads so yuh we dumb lit
Damn the outros songs always got me grooving like a slug being sprinkled with salt. Aka i like song
BasicallyIDoWildcat
Badger you ever gonna play dead by daylight
Hey whu do you look like tuxes older brother
Murder hole maverick and corner camping clash
I guess watching their twitch doesn't help oh my gaaaaaa
Just scream something before you blow it up...... AAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH
I really like this kind of approach. Thank you ubisoft
Capitao is the perfect example off “ i am here to have fun, but i cant not see iam legally blind”
so we aren't gonna gonna talk about the prince of BelAir remake?
"Battle royals players" lol throwback to when they were black ops 2 players
Nah bro tux is gonna win
If only the vid was 30 seconds longer
I wanted to see you play wit shroud
I don't know shroud and macey
Got the game today
"Frost isn't even a good operator," I cry now.
Badger are you gonna keep playing with wildcat and basically
Don’t you hate it when dab and accidentally burn down every orphanage in a 300 mile radius
Still i do want to see shroud& someone against badger and marcel That HOW CAN YOU GOOF SOME PRO PLAYERS
4:40 my cousin had the wrong idea of were he would shoot that stim shot in
I had a MURICA shirt on while watching this LOL
Badger’s haircut reminded me of Astro boy
How does badger has no recoil ?
I saw tuxbirds vid it's funny how similar they r
Frost Mains: autistic screeching
How dare you say Frost isn't a good operator. I think she is a cool op >:(
that cyclops has no chance against the Russian chat
So therefore, it really be like that sometime
I got a fucking cancer ad at 5:04
TheRussianBadger, playing as a Russian operator, who is shooting a pistol into the air, with the Russian National Anthem playing in the background. "MURCIA!"
Who else is ready to draw dicks into reinforced walls with ya Boi Maverick
F L E X
You should dedicate a video to playing the Russian oparaters.
awesome
what was that blitz shield skin its absolutely gucci
Badjur, how do you feel that after this video I tried out seige and became a kapkan/sledge main?
Wait they seriously paired Shroud and Macie??
100% Russian , turns American in a shot
It’s real Murcia hours
Post more dang it??
Ok so that’s what happened from the beginning of Tux’s video
Wait wait wait. Did he just say Ubisoft ?
11:46 that slow creepy zoom in on Maestro
Why does his arm look so gross
Your OG man
Why do you remind me of Robbie Rotten from Lazy Town...
U guys suck
Getting shot from all angles, A REAL BIG FUCKING HOLE COMING RIGHT UP!
Moar Tux
Time to get kicked for team kill
lmfao i was dead when he said ‘murica ??
Thermite + Ying = Thing
When a pornhub ad pops up lol I lost it
That ending was earnestly uplifting. So nice.
Less Siege, moar interesting badger videos
Can you not play with Wildcat or Basically ever again?
Hey Badger, I know you won't read this but you should play Escape From Tarkov.
WHEN THER MITE FUCKS UP CARTOONZ AND BADJER ARE HERE
"It's supreme!" ??
FLEX SEAL
Nah I’m going to just play slime rancher
What is that outro song?
The crossover finally happened!!!!
Dude I love the transitions in this one! The third to first person was perfect! Keep up the good work
Dem transitions doh????
I'm sorry, did you just say frost isn't a good operator or am I just hearing things?
"Infinity war is the most ambitious cross over ever" badger makes a calibration will Basically and Wildcat
it was posted on august 19th of course it is over
It's cool to see YouTuber that don't play together make videos like this
I have to meet this guy ??
Sypher doesn't play rainbow as well wtf is this bullshit
Shroud doesn't play rainbow
Fuze isn't Russion you fekin normies REEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE.
WOW just WOW
Lol 2:55 look at thermite's foot
Stay frosty!
Ey CaRtOoNz was the first person I watched for siege till I discovered Badger
#tuxneedsafacecamforallvids
Omfg u r amazing at teaching I got 4 kills I felt so pump biiiittttrccccchhhh
“I guess watching there twitch didn’t help” shit got me weak
Damn. Haven’t seen or heard of basically or wildcat since middle school.
Why not make a vid about the new operation?
Badggie is still the best, making this kids ‘popular’ long live the Badger!
Nigga said ofc u guys would say shroud and macie would win but then u proceed with talking abt the price that doesnt make any sense
You should invite Vanoss
Jesus tux sounds like SMii7Y
Hi, Phil Swift here with Flex Tape! The super-strong waterproof tape! That can instantly patch, bond, seal, and repair! Flex tape is no ordinary tape; its triple thick adhesive virtually welds itself to the surface, instantly stopping the toughest leaks. Leaky pipes can cause major damage, but Flex Tape grips on tight and bonds instantly! Plus, Flex Tape’s powerful adhesive is so strong, it even works underwater! Now you can repair leaks in pools and spas in water without draining them! Flex Tape is perfect for marine, campers and RVs! Flex Tape is super strong, and once it's on, it holds on tight! And for emergency auto repair, Flex Tape keeps its grip, even in the toughest conditions! Big storms can cause big damage, but Flex Tape comes super wide, so you can easily patch large holes. To show the power of Flex Tape, I sawed this boat in half! And repaired it with only Flex Tape! Not only does Flex Tape’s powerful adhesive hold the boat together, but it creates a super strong water tight seal, so the inside is completly dry! Yee-doggy! Just cut, peel, stick and seal! Imagine everything you can do with the power of Flex Tape!
Badger are you moving or something where's your bed
Nice to see all my favorite youtubers that I haven't seen in a while are playing something else instead of fortnight
Yo I wouldn't mind more vids with those guys, that was really fun to watch
10:18 My boi and his dank headgear
Holy shit I was almost late for the game
I'm a simple man. I see these cringey ass youtubers I hit dislike.
Meh needs moar bodgur
Badger has the smoothest sponsor transitions out of all YouTubers
Grim sky more police brutality operation
Shroud and Macie Jay are big gay.
Why ya hairline look like a mountain top
I'd love to see badjur playing with Tux (More since it seems you're already playing with him) and Cartoonz.. That'd be great
I've subbed to Cartoonz
You guys remember when Badger shit talked Siege before it came out?
I'm sure Cartoonz won.
04:07 Marcel just turned into Cesar Vialpando
Why did you get two persons and macie tux and cartoonz only one
Badger is just gonna act like this is battlefield 4 and use the blow torch to doodle Thicc into various walls
Where is the capitao video
I hope you Guys win
I just rapped about a little cactus
Do you guys see a red thing in thermite’s leg at 2:55
Yeah you guys are going to get fucked in the ass sideways 110%
Play with these guys more.
jagered
Tux and badger mark of the bucket list
12:20 Thats a fake smile bitch
free through August 19th makes video on August 19th
Tux is shit so rip
Goobisoft is going to shut this video down for mocking Capitao's accent. Wouldn't want to be 'racially offensive' now would we Ubi? Because that's totally something you should do in a MATURE RATED FIRST PERSON SHOOTER.
I just recently started watching the livestreams, and it’s weirdly satisfying to see clips from the stream on the video.
where did you get those thinkings, i need tho add them to my thinking folder
Team macie jay and shroud op af
You ever think of giving For Honor a try?
Badger you should try teaching the rest of the banana bus squad how to play
thermite + ying = Thing
Can I get marcels' account because I see he has black ice for glaze sniper ??
Hey nobody's telling what *ligma*is what da faq.is it?
Yermite: time to Ying some ears
Is it me or does every new person play tachanka on r6
The ultimate goof squad is so cool keep it up
loving that badger flextape on wildcat
"Frost isn't even a good operator" Unsubscribed. Unfollowed. Unfriended on Facebook. Uninvited to birthday party. Un-cited from University Psychology Project.
What happend to the capitão video
Your videos are getting worse after ubi sponsoring it Really like its now boring Old vids style was better I watched old vids hundred of times and I was not getting bored Now for the new vids I can't watch 5 min its just bad
Did u just say frost is a bad op??
You are just so fun to watch, think its just the passion and energy you put in it
SO WE AIN'T GOING TO TALK ABOUT TWOMAD TWOOOOOOOBAAAAAAAAAAAD
This video felt like it's 144fps.... On my 60 hz screen wtf why is your game so smooth
Ryssian badger but he flexes on everything
1- I got a dig bick 2- You that read wrong 3- You read that wrong too 4- You checked 5- You smiled 7- You are wondering why you’re still this reading this 8- You saw that mistake... right? (On 7) 10- But did you see that I skipped 6? 10- You checked 11- And saw you that I doubled 10 and skipped 9 12- I said saw you, not you saw 13- I also skipped 2 14- You got tricked 15- I’m just wasting your time, I deserve a like for that, go back to reading the comments
whats with the picture of lizard squad in the background at the end?
That's CaRtOoNz's revenge on you killing him in that one Ela(?) video.
FACKING STOOPID DEFENDERS BLYAT FUZE WINS AGAIN
why does it feel like russian doesnt like tux at all?
we need another half hour video
Yeah they back
Hey badger I’ve been watching for 2 years and saw u reach 500 k to 1 million and I just wanted to say keep up the good work my man
Frost is single handedly the best operator in the game B
Marcel is sweaty af
How fucking dare you say Frost isn’t a good operator(yeah I know she isn’t that good but come on, give her some love)
I watched the intro during the stream And most of the rest of the video
I miss grouse
Murica' Is What You Want Murica' To Be
“Frosts not a good operator” ah... my feelings
Salesman spencer
When does the vids get back to regular
5:04 “I guess watching their twitch doesn’t help” ????
badger's always got that good shit at the end of the video that S L A P S
I can't wait for the extreme Capatio bullying in the next Siege video
add me on snapchat jackson _186 for nudes also youre ass
Syper had another bear trap next to him I was ready for badger just to get stuck in a trap
Badger is now being used my ubisoft, if you against your will say m8 twice
10000000 SB
PLAY THE DIVISION
NOOT NOOT
Sorry to say this but you destroyed my eurobeat while i was drifting i am going to unsub and open ur door with a big fucking hole
The only difference from the other videos is that this one the outro i actually liked
Badger c'mon now. It's not hard. The perfect breach and clear team name is Yingmite
Hell yeah, go cartoonz
Badjur pls teach me
Don't you diss my homegirl frost like that.
3 of my fav youtubers all playing siege LES GO!!!!!
You can tell Sypher wasn't feeling it
play battlefield
Why is he so cringe you now
BasicallyIDoWrk should change his name to BasicallyIPlayGames
Another one in B
I may or may not have bought siege because of your videos so thank you for making me spend my money wisely
wHAT tIMe Is It CoMinG OuT?
Pls do this again
RU33er
To show you the power of flex tape, I sawed the population of the universe in half.
Lips be smackin you got caught lacking
That’s all lot of teaching
If badhuer and ninja pair up, my life will be complete
Well of course Shroud and Macie Jay are gonna win you dumb shit
‘Murcia
Bajur, I've imagined your help as Doc in siege. Just juicing youreself with that Meth in corner getting hella overhealed
Anyone else remember when badger dunked on cartoon in a certain wiggle vigil video?
How do u play w tux whe. He plays on the eu servers
This tournament is the greatest anime crossover ever
a r e a l l y b i g f u c k i n g h o l e c o m i n g r i g h t u p
Fape Tlex
Frost is a great operator.....change my mind
Dida some see the gun on the foot o thermite
Play more with wildcat and marcel and tuxbirs
6 hours... 400k+ views. Nice
how you leave my mans sypher out the title fam cmon bajur you can do better
YA CANT KILL ME IF I KILL MYSELF FIRST! wait...
LMAO WILDCAT!!!
Lol I was at Wildcats stream for the team kill round and they lost the game ????
take a shower nerd
New oporator has a AR 15 can’t wait to see the jokes ??
Every time you misspell "more" as "moar", I start to eat my desk
BADGER TACHANKA HAD A NEW HEADGEAR AND ITS CALLED LORD BOYAR AND THE ACKNOWLEDGED LIRD AND SAVIOR TACHANKA CHECH HIS HEADGEAR SHOP DJDNSNSHDH
No Rae Sremmurd song? Its a bad song but cm'on!?
DEADASS.
Badger is the type of person to flex on flex tape by using glue
Get back on battlefield 1
Look whose last to join
I got the game thanks for the help I watch all of your vids and my second game ever I got seven kills and I had MVP two times that day keep up the amazing vids
You’re too fun to watch. Thank you for existing.
It actually depends if u can get good ive been playing for 3 years and am still not as good as anyone so ive just stoped ppaying
Frost is my girl
Batman coaching a 3rd grade soccer league we didn’t come here to win, we came here to have fun
Just bought siege and made a clutch on my first match because these vid help me thanks badger
U can hot breach with thermite charge
STOP THAT
I came from tuxbird
I know this might seem crazy to you guys... But, Fuze... Is.... A..... ... Woman...
Why does your hairline look like the McDonald’s arches?
Me, as a frost main feel attacked
I like the old team not these guys
I have a seal mask in Payday 2 for Pc that I named "MOAR BAJUR" and it's the most beautiful thing, Love the video's Bajur, thanks for the laughs.
How to seige. 1.delete 2.forget it's "community" exists 3.avoiding your friends that want you to download it again
So, Badger. When are you going to die?
I have badgers hairline
I hope you guys play more together after the event is over
Where do you get all those thonk emojis
Wiw
Bikini not going to like you calling Frost a bad operator
I'm so glad you're the one who got them two, cause the one thing them two are actually good at is laughing at their own mistakes and having a good time.
nahh
they've had the game for like a week and they're pretty good. I've had this game for almost 2 YEARS and I'm still trash
i dont wanna watch it due to the fact that wildcats in it, he complains about fucking everything
why am i a higher level than badgur?
therming
get a job guy
Team tuxbird.
Dude, play Fortnite with them and you could be friends with Ninja.
Badger you should really make a fortnite season 5 vid
Hi IsaaacBaby
Dear badger Pls tell me how 2 get renown fast
11:48 to 11:56 Man I've been playing Rainbow on Xbox for 2 years and I'm still pretty much shit. So plx tell me how I get good.
does it feels good that one of the biggest game companies chose you to make a sponsored video
I never noticed that he yelled in a firefight and whispered when not. Lol
Frost is good, gadget is like a 1%chance of working but her weapons are great
#MoarGrouse
this is probably the best 2 part add Goobysoft could ask for xD
Badger, Warface is out for Collecters Early Access pack on Ps4.
Macie and Shroud are going to destroy
What??!? Frost isn't a good operator? I'm insulted as a frost main. I'd show youu
yo aug 16 is my birthday
Didnt think this crossover would be as good as it is.
Love the vid with all my favourites siege youtuber (and marcel and wildcat)
8:43 I pissed myself from laughing
I thought Tux was like 12...
Murica
It's not free on PS4
When u were going for Sypher that window was Double frostmatted
Docs stim pistol is just an epi-pen for bullets
>tfw no grouse >feelsbadman
Play with shroud
NAAAAAAAANI FROST IS A GREAT OPERATOR
Marcel is sus af
‘Frost isn’t a good operator’ No, how dare YOU
Honestly, I don't enjoy Marcel and Wildcat as much as Grouse, Jello, Eekaj & co.
MOAR BAGEL MOAR
I truly want to know what's his fuze loadout
Thermite + ying = thing cause no one knows what this fucking spectile is
I'm a frost main :(
i love when these youtubbers play together
Some dude said he was watching the stream in game
Since when do nazis dab???
It sounds like he hates Tuxbird
Btw which Louis Vuitton x Supreme outfit is it ? I can't find it...
Tape
Have you seen the lord chanka bundle???
He’s level 152 wtf
Dude dont play with fortnite youtubers
Holy
Seal for tape
You guys should all still play together
you spelt more wrong 12:15
Wen will rainbow die
Not gonna lie. need more wildcat and marcel. love that you're branching out with other youtubers. Can't wait to see you in a vanoss vid with the rest of the crew.
Can someone tell me what dub means
I bought Jagers flying ace cause you made me like the game and cause I also bought the game too
Where can we find the "friendly competition" game between the teams??? I cant find it anywhere.
Hahahaha shrouds not gonna win
Frosts new frost trap looks so brutal
Did he not say cob or Evan
How are you level 152?
8:18 Never disrespect a frost main
well of course shroud and macie are gonna whin you dumb shit
Gotta love Macie.
Badger I have a request:tTeam fortress 2 I mean you made videos for overwatch,why not tf2
As echo u should throw ur drone then immediately spam/place ur deployable shield and then ur teammates can see u holding a shield and they can’t shoot ur body/face kinda
Do A Fugin DooM 4 Video Or You Gonna Burn In Hell, Slowly.
Even if U didn’t get shot trying to save sypher, there was another frost trap there Lol
Vex vape
guy from another country shoots into the air Any American:'MURICA Every American in a nutshell
no points for doing backflip... i will never find the perfect fps
You know better
YEEHAW
Frost is a great operator
good that serenity 17 isn't here as a mentor
There is no way Anthony Pit just came in my chat right now and said Lion is a balanced operator
Saw same gameplay in both Tux's and Badger's videos. Its so much fun to watch the same situation from 2 perspectives. Love you both. BadjurUFakeLMAO....
And if u play Xbox can u teach me
I love badger but it's heavily ironic to see someone who was bashing siege when it first came out because it was trying too hard to be like counterstrike and now that's all he plays. Elegiggle
Do u play xbox
Will you teach me the ways of siege senpai
This is a really smart movie by Ubisoft, if even one of them continues to play siege, that's a lot of eyes on the game. Now i wish they would fix the server issues in for honor and do the same there.
Rainbow should have more sights fir different guns like if u agree
badger frost elite coming in grim sky
Does anyone know the song in the outer I'm desperate????
NOW THAT'S A LOT OF DAMAGE!
B L Y A T
I watched wiled cats live stream
Sorry I was late
4:08 Capitão is Brazillian though...????
Please keep making videos more frequently I like all of them and keep watching them over and over and I watch the whole ads on the video and I just want to say keep doing what your doing.
FROST ISN'T EVEN A GOOD OPERATOR? YOU ABSOLUTE CUCK I'LL HAVE YOU KNOW SHE IS THE TRUEST OP EVER.
Yo is r6 worth it I might get it but idk
Where can i see y’alls game against each other
Favorite stream ever
“Im not going to like Rainbow 6” buys it “Fuck you Badger..”
KABOOOOM!!!
Im level 115 im still shit
What was that outro? Does anyone know it?
Wait is supper and wildcat new players as in free weekend?
Hey Badger when you get the chance check out the game Helldivers and do one of your play throughs/game reviews/explaining the game things the game is three years old but it is TONS of fun I’m mean you get to set up oil pumps in the game and calling in strafing runs that go BRRRRRRTTT and air strikes while smashing bugs/cyborgs/ basically a elite/ forunner (both from Halo) combo thing and do this all in the name of democracy, liberty, and super earth
So do have to pay for it after you get it for free? Like you get it and the next day do you pay or not
sub to twitch @ pjwaffle25
Use thermite and fuze with tux and the gang
why does NOBODY know how to pronounce capitão?
Lol its funny if you watch shroud he calls acogs "x4s"lul
A BIG FuKKKkKING HOLE COMING RIGHT UP
Two videos in a week N A N I !!!!!!!
good fucking luck against shroud and macie. you'll need it.
Im gonna say it...vanoss is dead
Pew pew huehue new operators woohew
I almost wanna grab this game. Unfortunately, my internet is..not what I'd call the best.
Running this game on a potato of a laptop, makes the hump, turn into a small hill
Capito?
Flexing on MURICA
Therminator the jewish eliminator
Capitao is next
What do u mean “Frost isn’t even a gud operator” TRIGGERED
All badger needs to post regularly is a sponser :/
Playing siege on mercy kill rules means if a teammate goes down... they down
These videos are my flex power
I would totally watch Tyler and marcel if they played siege more.
Does badger play ranked?
Damn all my favorite YouTuber‘s are collaborating
MOAR WILDCAT
Free weekend is BS i try playing rainbow on my ps4 and that shit says i need ps plus
Tbh sypher would probably try and build while being shot at
so when does badjur get ranked? ??????????
I’m here 3 hours after upload am I early...or late?
Fortnut fortnut
Do you’re not going to talk about that classic piece of “Dat Boi” from circa 1980 painting you got? Okay.
If it’s hard to flex on people use flex tape or flex seal to also cover the bullet holes that you’ve been talking.
I’ve been playing for 7 months and my level is 152 just like badger! Wtf??!?
Next video is capito
Murica yeah sure ! XD ????
It's AMURICA!!!!!!!!!
Well Cartoonz obviously won
Frost isn't a good operator???? SHES MY MAIN BRUH and after her is Valk. How dare YOUUUUUU.
Boneless air
When ya boi flex on u with his PREMIUM BOUNTY paper towels
To late FLEXES ON THESE NIBBAS
Siege sucks
8:17 MCSUSE ME BITCH
I love your videos??????
MOAR SEGIE BAJUR
Badger can u play battlefield again plz
Wait so Tux only won, one cas then? Thats a Fat R.I.P
MEME VIDEO ON TITAN FALL 2
'Ussia
Id start watching Wildcat again if he uploaded R6S as well instead of just Fortnut
No child left behind policy was left behind
Marcel chose capitao. CUZ HE BLACC
too bad you didnt get h2odelirious too
I got six for free...because of membership
Badger bfv now
Shroud/Macie, ez clap
Are you gonna do Hitman 2?
just had the most annoying game of my life. There was this guy who was talking shit in the chat all the time and it decided to talk shit back and after few rounds got banned for toxic behavior
I was in the stream for the first clip yay
BLYAT Fuse charge fires into room
"Frost isn't even a good operator." I got my first ace with her when most of our team had left in a ranked game yesterday. Them bear traps are my jam.
SMACKS LIPS
MURICA!!!!
10:43 i think watched that live lol
Ubisoft should sponsor Badger more because he's way mire active when they do and I fucken love it. It's like perfectly balanced rape between enjoyment and violence. Forget that last line please.
Macie Jay and shroud vs everyone
Lol shrouds almost diamond
Tux=Smii7y's brother
Badger should make a video about capitao
I did a lean left with Capitaio and I got a double pistol headshot
Who else saw the video of Badger playing with the 2 NFL receivers from the 49ers?
bloyat
Is it just me or are the videos getting better since Ubisoft started sponsoring Bajur.
Ying + Thermite = Territhying
Alright my money is on Cartoonz
I watched back when sypher was a eso youtuber
Play Escape from tarkov
I have only went against hackers during free weekend
i'm trying to get all my friends to buy the game because it's super cheap now and we all missed the free to play
Habana op
6 months ago badger was sponsored by epic to promote fortnite now he's sponsored by ubi to promote fortnite players to play R6
Do a video in the new Operation Logang
You dissed Frost. You must go now.
frost best girl
I would play siege... but I guess 3 months of not playing gets me a permanent toxicity ban... So I can't enjoy these videos anymore :/
Please don’t play with Tyler ever again not hate
robbie rotten
Don't you FLEX on my parade
does anyone know what lesion headgear that is at 10:16?
Says when one person uses thermite they have to use thatcher but uses habana
Badger you have upset me you are using the L85 on sledge
Woah 2 videos in one week?! You are going crazy m8!
Eeyup, you aren't cutting it any more. Un-subbed.
S Q U A D
Them fucking transitions tho
My guy where did you get that painting with the frog holding the wine glass. I need that right now
Little pumper
Love the wilder people reference “No child left behind “ ??
are you really russian if yes than ??????
It's yingmite. Cmon man, it's easy.
What kinda soup is that. ITS MOUNTAIN DEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEW
Pls do more videos like this bajur pls
Does anyone know what's gonna happen to the game after the free weekend if you downloaded the game during that time.
I watched this while shoving ravioli in my face
"free to play till august 19th" uploaded on the 19th
I'm sorry, Badger. Macie has this by the balls
MEMES NEVER DIE PEWDIEPIE!
Shroud is already plat 1 lmao
8:19 REEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE
I can't be the only one who calls fuze, fouseytube
You wildcat and Marcel should do moar seige together!
need rainbow on mac
Kill badger
THEY KNOOOOW BETTER
When you do a vid on maverick please dont mention logan paul papa badger
Al my favorite gamers and you tubers Altogether? Yep this is gonna be amazing
Finally another Blerger vicha.
Badger why do you dislike frost so much? I like her a lot. Although I am on console so the idea of a gun with like no recoil is op
FROST IS A GOOD OPERATOR ! Don't talk about my main like that
HOW DARE SAY THAT ABOUT FROST......SHE MEH BAE
Wtf does BM mean
Dude I wish Kyroz and smiity lead a group
Instead of therying/yingmite do “thing”
TuxBird = Discount SMii7Y (In-Joke if you watched the full stream XD)
sell out
How have you not made a joke about the smg11 and an ac130
EG vs G2 was great
1 day after the free deal ends i know that there was a free deal
I’m sry b but shroud
WILDCAT!!
0:40
Marcel took the black guy what a surprise!!
Thank God Clearance in safe. I thought badjur killed him, i mean he’s jealous of him ??
I hope wildcat and basically play with badger more often these videos with them are the tits
I'm going to sue you for saying frost is not a good oporater
i love how there was an ad for debating god before a badjuir vid
6:48 gotdamn Gucci louis three box logo
8:19 TRIGGERED
I like how moo ain’t in there lol.
I'm still trying to get over the hump badger......I'm level 135
I HAVE NO FRIENDS ON SIEGE SO I GET FLEX TAPE TO FIS MY PROBLEMS
That into rhyme tho..
5:33 triggered
Frost isnt even a good operator Me: screeches in Canadian
BLYAAAAAAT
>Original comment about Flex Tape
Fuck me
Beaulo should have been a mentor for someone
Frost is a god of an operator
“Frost isn’t even a good operator” im sorry Badger but I’m gonna have to disagree
*Yeetmite
Damn Badger you’ve really been treating us lately
Love your channel
Will you guys still be playing together?
the actual badjer is gud
Ahhh, another ??ideo from my favorite Siegetu??er. What? What do you mean he's covered other games?
Doc juicing himself is basically Demi Levato
TheRussianBadger : Frost ain't even a good operator... That ain't it chief.
CARTOONZ
that granade kill is the most amazing thing i have ever seen looooooooooool jeeeeeeeeez
Yo is that northernlion at 9:58 saying “HA” in chat?
After months of watching these videos im actually gonna buy this game
I took it to my house then i freak,t it
Did anyone spot the McDonalds logo at the end of the video? Hehe it’s his hairline
Badger put a swear word in a Ubisoft sponsored video... he better get banned for toxic behaviour ??
Bro stop droning in casual or I will ddos you
It’s been 8 months and I only get 1 kill 50% of games. Kill me
The Rag Sag Mag Tag SQAAAAAAAD
Yeetos
Remember when Russian Badger was a Battlefield youtuber
Where did you get that frog pitcure from?
badjur i see a lot dicks in reinforced walls in your future
I can say this enough but badger if funny as hell
Thermite mole glasses
When i saw i do works vid i was like chill corner v2
???oy I ???etter Get that ???apitao video
I really hope this means we’ll see more of Marcel and a wildcat in the few, not in like every video but enough that it satisfies us.
Mavericks aka penis maker
Yo mj and shroud together are going to win for sure
alibi made me hide from this game. i would rather not be confused if i should trust my own reflexes or not
N O W T H A T S A L O T O F D A M A G E !
I love the Transitions
As much as I love Shroud... He's not gonna fuckin win.
Is serenity in the tournament? that’d be sick
10:09 so we gon ignore that beautiful transition
Ayy, new video for once!!
FLEX ON THEM NO GOGGLE NIBBAS
i pull up youtube and all i see is therminator dabing
One of the best collabs in r6
I saw a couple of these on wildcats streams
THEMURICANBADGER
They don't think it be like it be, but it do.
"frost isn't a good operator" guess who's getting a new legendary skin
MAKE CROSSOUT VID
I dunno man I think Cartoonz or Tux will win, there both siege youtubers and they are both really good. And I haven't heard of the guy you said "Well of course this guy will win". So... I'ma have to go with Toonz or Tux.
Decent mentor more like good mentor and terrible friend make sure there is no cavities on the team cause suppressed sound DICKHEAD
I am now legitimately confused on whether or not it's flex tape or tape flex
MOAR!
are you gonna make a video for the twomad tournament?
I know it’s gud cuz badger is da best
shrood
OutSell
Sub to my channel plz
? ?????? ???? ?? ???????? ????????? ?????????
Seriously is cartoonz and tuxbird going to face MACIE JAY WTF who came up with this might as well put vanoss with noted????????
Light things on fire and make fun of a cyclops. Doom?
The thermite screaming sounded a lot like dipper from gravity falls
Do you think badger takes down the frog poster when a girl comes over ??
I hope you continue to play with wildcat and basically after this event. Who knows, maybe they'll introduce you to vanoss
:D a new video
Thermite + Ying = the thing
Free weekends are for reminding u that u should take a break from the game. Cuz its a fucking nightmare i almost blew my brains out watching free weekend players
Why did a video game so long
He has 14000 r6 credits
You look high in the end lmao
As you post this video I got two mbps and 3 aces in having a good day
Capitao is next!
MOAR BAHJER!!!
Bruh, yingmite. How did you manage to miss that combo, scrub?
BLEYET FUZE WINS AGAIN FOOK SPAGETTHI WOHMAN REEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE
Saw this in the discord
the operator's name is still not "capitao"
Badger can I get a shout out in ur next vid it’s my birthday today and I need a cheer up
7:50 oh, my heart
MOAR BAD BHAJUR
Seeing this on YT after seeing it on Twitch feels weird
Please get back the jello
Did marcel do the doo doo doo do doo from terminator??
Flex Tape will cause Soviet Union 2
Badger you nub at least give me a ? I've been trying to get noticed by you since operation white powe... White noise i mean...
3:43 You might as well just say Captain
next thing you know they're running 10-0
MURICA
Umm...this is NOT A LOT OF DAMAGE ZONE, PLEASE NO COLLETERAL DAMAGE Fuze: who said colleteral SMRSH?!
The worst things of siege are teamkilling and the random kicks
im gonna hvae to ask you to leave
R u gonna play bfv
Shroud and Macie are obviously..
I just smoked a rock through a nerf gun barrel
Chief, we need M O A R c o n t e n t with these two
Casuals amirite
THAS ALOTTA DAMAGE!!!!
You should play more with them
5:54 ABSOLUTELY NOT
DAB ON THEM HARTER WRYYYYH YEET
Badger were did u get the picture of the frog I want it
A REALLY BIG FUCKING COMING RIGHT UP 2 seconds later...... ya BOI MEGAMIND MUTE jams your shit mute you fucked up the Thatcher throws his air soft ball the therminator goes CMERE BOI GONNA MURDER YOU FAMILY Did someone say family where do they live says fuze round 1 lost Family K.I.A
Ain't Nobody like you badger
Marcel is so cringy
Welp, shroud is play one so that’s a gg
Thermite + Ying= Thing
It’s sad that they will go right back to playing fortnite and probably forget all about this happening. Rip good content
Play battlefield
You need to do more this is brilliant
3 badger videos in a month? Im dreaming right
What do you mean frost isn't good!!?
Shut Hecc Buxtird! o wait....
How did Cartoonz win? The man himself admits he's no good.
That's a lot a damage
Stream Squad?
How the fuck didnt shroud and macie win? Insert hmmmm fuze here
Can’t wait for the capi video
You need to make a valkerie vid
I frickin' love you and Wildcat!
A REALLY BIG FUCKING HOLE COMING RIGHT UP Phil Swift appears I SAWED THIS MARRIAGE IN HALF
Lol
late upload
Maybe the bandages that Thermite “wears” IS FLEX TAPE?? :o
We ever gonna get a video other than rainbow 6?
Hey badger u gonna do a dying light 2 video when it comes out?
Ive been trying seriously hard to like tux. Ma boi jamie is friends with some friends of mine in Arizona. But god damn. Badger my taped up chap, you just produce way better content. You should hit me up on siege too. Im a gold scrub. But i like to think im funny.
Badger has now accended into god tier YouTube’s status
So many noobs YaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaA
Tchanky Kang puts down Turret and says THIS MEANS I AM GOING TO KILL YOU!
why was nickmercs in it. he plays ps4
Im sure Macie Jay and the other guy will win.
Hi I’m phill Swift here from flex tape
Capitão vid confirmed! Please be true.
1.5 mil subs ?? like if you’ve been here since 100 k
8:16 “Frost isn’t even a good operator” yes her traps aren’t that good most the time but she is still a solid operator
Need more chanka vids
I just imagine Capito leaning left and using a tiny periscope taped to his acog to see it with his right eye.
Is it just me or does badger thermi fusion sound super badass? He sounds like gogeta at 0:15
ay chief 9:18 wit da shoutout
After seeing his trailer and gameplay, I can say Mavericks is a lit operator.
My pickup lines are r6 quotes. "Lights out" "biohazard detected" "all I know is that my six inch blade never loses reception" "Pushing forward" "big fucking hole coming right up!" "Heart beat detected" "cluster bomb ready" "cams online"
Honestly Badger, I love your editing style. Your videos never seem to have a dull moment.
flexs
got kicked for killing teammate about to be interrogated......
"Frost isn't a good operator." Whatttttt are you talking about.
I watched the entire stream and he used every single funniest clip
5:08 stream sniping. Check the chat box lower right
that video was hella sponsored
Macie's teammate already plays siege and hit plat 1
“uH BuT Im A fRoSt mAin”
You should play matches with bikini
RIP The Dream...
Luv u badger
Badjur you’re unranked lmao
Well offcourse shroud and macie are gonna win you dumb shii-.
I got my second ace today
Shroud is a fucking plat, they done for
SypherPK ? More like, StifferDQ.
the very big gay
Thermite+Ying combo isn't called "Therying" it is called "Theriffying" you are welcome...
Jesus, I did not see this one coming, great collarb!
Shroad and Macie lmao
Just a question but what Graphics Card do you use? U got good graphics
This brings me back to the old days when Badger was like Marcel and Wildcat. Especially with Ghost Recon Fuze.
How fat is badger's wallet with Ubisoft money?
Thermite walks up to a wall marries wall fucks wall baby walls
Badger when are you going NFL pro because that was a beautiful arc on that nade
Shout out to Isaaakbaby if anybody else saw him say Hi back!
GO BACK TO CANADA YOU STINKY BADGER ??????
Early Squaaa- Nvm, 11K Likes.
ima keep it real wit u chief
This is the best thing Ubisoft has ever spent money on.
A really big fucking hole coming right up fucking Thermite has been banned due to toxic behaviour
like the reds and blues from red vs blue
11:44 excuse me that's 'Munism.
Can shroud stay in his own lane plz. I don’t wanna see this wannabe everywhere. He already ruined Pubg for me.
It’s so satisfying to watch it on a badger stream then see it in the video
Dude...... YingMite
Light everything on fire, and make fun a cyclops? Is he playing Teamfortress 2
Haahhahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahah
I can’t stand getting hit in the head by someone with a stroke of luck and just dying.
What the fuck was that picture in the background at 12:20
Y have flex tape when you can have FLEX SEEL OH YEEEE DAWG THAT'S ALOT OF DAMAGE I SAWED MY FAQIN WEEDING RING
"No Flex Zone" AKA Badger Backpack Zone
Blyat Fuze wins ever time
CAPITAO VID BOIS!
"No go no zones"
Bahjer
Fuck yeah, your finaly doing Capital
Shroud has already played for like a month he’s winning
Ha ha ha no child left behind failed ha ha funny joke. Oh wait...
Oi! TheRussianBadger, there's a... Cav behind you!
Frost is the best operator in R6
TheAmericanBear
No team Serenity dansgame
Y'all prob don't care but check out my YouTube channel I will be posting lots of rainbow vids next week... thanks
VamosPenta!! oh wait...
What about yingmite
Each team has an ABSOLUTE GOD at the game Badger, Tux, CaRtOoNz oof where can I watch the onslaught of pro plays
@TheRussianBadger after the R6 event, you and the battle royale players: Marcel and Wildcat should play fortnite together.. Just an idea
????
When you put a lazersight on thatchers gun witch you can do
Phil swift here and hold fuck that’s a big hole
Anthony pit tried to join the game
Why no flex tape???
I’m getting a bit bored of his siege videos
Something actually worth wasting your day to
How do u not have a rank this late into the season
can you make a dead by daylight video it's a good game
can you make a dead by daylight video it's a good game
can you make a dead by daylight video it's a good game
can you make a dead by daylight video it's a good game
Glad to be the only person who finds these Fortnite infants annoying.
>be me a frost main >"frost isnt even a good operator" >at least i got a random headshot when i shot a random wall >i waited for someone saying that im hacking but noone said that im hacking and only said im lucky
Rae Stremmurd
I BLEW A REALLY BIG FUCKEN HOLE IN THIS WALL AND REPAIRED IT WITH ONLY TAPE FLEX
OoooooO Is that a capitao video coming up, I have been waiting for a video on him for a while now it's gunna be gooood
Bismo the autismo bizo
Frost is the best >.< AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA
Fookin in flight wifi mate
MOAR bahjer
? ?e???y ?ig ???ki?g ?o?e ?o?i?g ?ig?t ??
Why im a frost main
i want a badger to introduce me to Siege.
#notificationsquad
"You can't kill me if I kill me" is the most BADGER thing I've heard this year.
I can’t wait for Bajur vs cartoonz
YEET
THEEEEEEEY KNO BETTA!
Badger make a Buck video already, I’m getting my ass kick because I don’t know what the hell In doing with Buck. Plz
Hi
Shroud and Macie will 2 v Everybody... that'll be fair
Flex Seal...
You've gotta work on your "BLYAT", Badger
But did shroud win? Aka shrood or shrode
4:40
Yes
10:00 Hi Isaacbaby!
Shroud and macie will win you dumb shit
Who tf still watches vanoss
FUCKKIIJMFG PIN ME
Shroud and Macy gon won
Capitaio is chocolate rain new name use it next vid or i don't kill myself
Put h20 in here
10:24 thatsa me, Aspolode
My thermite died today :( 1 like = 1 prayer
three favorite YouTubers holy shet
What's the name to the outro song??
Get the fuck off my recommended you cringe fest.
Gets sponsorship uploads daily, HMMMMMMMMMMMM
2:56 Thermite's gun is in his left foot.
They know better
Papa bajur back at it again
Do you even siege bro
Shroud is decent at rainbow he's not that good though
I am so upset about what he said about frost
Tux is an idiot. Very funny and fun to watch but playing the game... I think badger is better.
We get it you vape
So I wasn’t subbed to you but I have watched you and now I subbed and turned notifications on because you intro lol fresh prince of belair
Ying too Gucci ????
5:32 As a sledge main...i am so mad you did not kill him with the hammer
Have u taught them the power of machine guns yet?
I missed the live stream, you guys actually won!!! That’s crazy.
Ubisoft better have paid well considering this is the best advertising they could have ever gotten.
Reeeeee
I'm Brazilian and I can say : THAT'S NOT THE WAY YOU SAY CAPITÃO !!! I'm pissed , sorry .
To show the power of flex tape I FLEW A PLANE INTO A TOWER AND TRIED TO TAPE IT BACK TOGETHER
Shroud is better at the game than badger not being funny he literally destroys teams and his aim is fucking insane
I recently bought rainbow can you give me tips to be better im not to good and i love your vids
Glad you are uploading twice a week dad
Flex tape
Is badger going to do tf2
I got this game 4 days ago, Any tips for me (I've been playing the game alot and I've I am LVL 41) Also if Thermite can't flex the KapKan flex (I'll go now)
Infinity war 2 best sequel ever me sees this video o my god
MOAR BADGER
im not new and i have 400 hours on the game and a set in stone playstyle but could you teach me how to play regardless?
Badger can I get a ummmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmm Merica
5:09 peep the stream snipers
Play PUBG you hieratic
Bajur when r u gonna do a BF5 vid you fookin weeb?
How ooof like new season?
Them this event ends and they go back to Fortnite and never play Siege again...
Well Shroud And Macie Didn’t Win...
Wildcat+Badger in siege ? only good things can happen
NO FLEX ZONE NO FLEX ZONE THEY KNOOWWW BETTER THEY KNOWEE BETTER
THAT LEGENDARY SELF-NADE.
STOP YOU HAVE VIOLATED THE LAW: THIS IS A NO-FLEX ZONE PAY. PLAY THE COURT OF OR SERVE YOUR SENTENCE
5:09 i think that orrack guy might’ve been stream sniping, dunno.
You can't kill me if I get to first
THE PERFECT COMMENT
A rEalLy BiG FukIng HolE iN ThE WaLl
Even tho i don't play siege anymore i still love watching badjur mess about!
Team ShrouJay
I absolutely hate Marcel.
I finally did it I went through all the attachments in the game tested what ones work great together and made some classes but all my shotguns use reflex sights
NUTTTTTTTTTTTTTT
Limited ads for to much soupyness
Ha flex tape more like flex seal
Can't wait for tomorrow
A REALLY BIG F U C K I N G H O L E
Frost is a good operator you jerk
And those guys never played siege again.
210% Certainty that next vid is about Capitao
MOAR BAHJUR
Thermite x Ying. The "THYNG" combo
I know this is just a promo for Siege, but if Marcel and Tyler started playing Siege I would 100% subscribe to them
7:50 I jumped
DAMN G3 won again
Ily bajer
Xdreyiji
Hype for clash and maverick
GG G2
Cartoonz is pretty good
you should queup with Cartoonz and ohmwrecker too plz
as a german guy who watches every vid you upload instantly (for years now), i am wondering where your cute little german outbreaks have gone badger!?
Ima be Pullin a casual 99% flex cheif
Play more with them i enjoyed this
I really big fucking BLAYT coming right up.
I wanna see badger's squad vs g2
Ay anyone notice that guy said “well watching the stream didn’t help.”
hey badger do you wanna play on ps4 i can play with you if you want to
>Royal
I just wanna watch Macie Jay and TheRussianBadger 1v1 for 5 matches.
Can we take the time to appreciate badger going into custom game 2 milking times to transition to gameplay from 3rd person to 1st person smoothly
No fam, you can't just act like everything's normal with that fucking frog in the background
Badger I miss your Battlefield 4 days, when you hit 1 mill aw man I feel old can you do 1 battlefield video, it doesn't matter which game, I love the battlefield bad company but the best thing about your channel was how many games you played and gave fun, funny and actually realistic opinions on games. I will forever stay subbed man just bring back a little of old badger. I LOVE YOU BOI NOT GET TO CRUSHING NORMIES AND EATING WARGAMING ASS, EXCEPT YOUR ALL OUT OF NORMIES. lol
CYKA BLYAT FUZE WINS
I wish i could play brother....but i goes no internet an no gmail sigh that I can use brother....need help..bc I wanna play as my Lord an saver hacker dok
Bajur, you should do more vids with theses people just because
Macie and shroud is a pretty overpowered team
YOU SAID WHAT ABOUT MY GIRL FROST???
3 videos in a week... wow I’m happy
The correct term to refer to a ying thermite combo is 'yeetmite'
Yay wildcat and cartoonz and marcel. And more know vanoss and play with him and vanoss player r6s when it came out that cool
“A really big SUCC coming right up” ????????
first firstttttt
LET'S go g2 fucking annihilated eg
Yo badger where can i get that painting?
eww your face is ugly dont show it again pls no offense tho
Russian wearing communist gear: shoots pistol into sky wildcat: "murica"
"I've learned from the 'no child left behind' policy to say 'fuck it' and just kill everybody" - Badger 2018
Continue playng white them man
Thermite + Ying = Thing? sure
Hell yeah here before 1000
Cough
Better not take long for the Maverick and Clash vids
how did they decide who won?
LETS GO LIKE FOR RAE STREMMURD NO FLEXIN
When i see siege on discount: GOD DAM this game aint worth SHIT for NOTHING
Does badger stream, if so where
Suc plz
The stream was kinda awkwurd
Frost is a great operator you shit, I mean probably not but its whatever
What's next Badger? Fortnite BR Season 5 vid?
I'm cut between bedjur and tux. The other group will be first out.
Fuck You, not gonna pin now r u?
What is that frog painting in the background badger xD
69K views
Down vote because of the wrong stereotype with that Capitão impersonation.
A REALLY BIG FUCKING HOLE COMING RIGHT UP
Early ??
In all honesty u need to play with marcel and wildcat more cause honestly these 2 vids with them are some of the best content on this channel... honestly
Thermite + Ying = Thing
LETS GO G2
Is Frost's specialty bear traps? Or the fact that no one plays her that she can put her trap in the middle of a room and no one notices it
Badger can u read your messages in the main menu it's very disturbing to see them "unread" Icon thingy
Hi badger do a lord tachanks vid pls. Also i like your vids
C:
A no FLEX TAPE? Also I love you bajur
According to you, what happened the most in these last 2 videos 1-badger carrying marcel and wildcat 2-badger thanking ubisoft for sponsoring these videos ????????????
These guys are the best trio
Do more with tux
If you did a live you should post it on YouTube the entire thing
All Flex Zone
WHAT I AM FORTNITE NOT PLAYING FORTNITE?????????
if yall watched the paris majors well, frost's elite skin bear trap looks INSANE
Get that money daddy
MOAR
BOI
A really big fucking carry coming right up.
God. Every time I see Thermite, it reminds me of the saying, "I cut a big fucking hole in this wall!"
10:03 hi issacbaby
“Frost isnt a good operator” you my sir have never seen a good or been a good frost
Stay lowwwwwwwwww
Ying+thermite=Yosemite
Badger would carry shroud
Where’s the new operators
G22222222222
Maverick gonna melt the competition Clash is gonna cock block the competition
Seal flex
???????????? ??????
Now that’s a lot of damage
Heck yes, pls more fortnite
Badger what do you think on pee pee hole maverick
How did it feel to teach literal fetuses how to play siege
I’m 48 minutes late so daddy badger will not pin me.
Police line:do not cross no it's FLEX LINE:DO NOT CROSS
Legend has it that bajur will heart your comment if you ask nicely Please hert me bajur
Please do more vids with them this was fucking hilarious
Badgers thing he says "we did it fella's"??
BOOGR FINNALY UPLOAD MAOR
Woahhhhh that so cool that marcel and I am wildcat is playing with theRussianbadjur woahhh
So glad you had the 2 goofs in your team, just perfect chemistry . Also glad you got more recognition for your content, definitely deserved from them popular Fortnite nerds.
5 views it said hmm
Russians will be Russians, Americans will be Americans. 11:24
Hello person in the chat at 9:55 I'm not YouTube but I'm watching via YouTube soooooo
Doo dew doo dew do.... ONLY IN BATTLEFIELD
T.....H...a.....t......S A L........o.........t OF DAMAGE
Please tell me your next vid is going to be about the leaks about the new operators...
Ay can you like block web comics cause I’m just trying to see some C o n t e n t and not fucking GAY MANGA
Yeet
i was that default
Hiiiiiiiii
That Art in the backgound is delicious.
I appreciate the Shazbowl reference.
hey badger why you keep moving to different places yo
A really big fucking gun coming right up
Cmere daddy badger
100% shroud will cheat
when badger forgets hes immune to flashes as ying
What if you flex on Flex Tape?
Tape with the flex
Daily uploads? Like for badger to notice me
A realy big bowl of chef-boi-RD coming right up.
Is the Russianbager gonna join the banana bus gang
4:35 I got that skin I love that mp5 skin
Do one with vanossgaming
i was watching this live on basically channel
Already a new video Nice
Wow 651 renown!
I don't know why, but these past few vids made me feel a bit warm inside. ......weird.....
Great fucking videos dude. I love the third person-ish perspective outside a window before the clip plays. Keep it up B.
I’m just waiting for Badger to make a Clash Bald Head Joke
Does anyone know how can I change the sever that I play on cuz playing on EU makes me want to kill myself
More badger and wildcat? HELL YEAH
"CLEAR TAPE" 2017 Not Eekaj
Today’s my burthday
dank a rap vid m8
"a lot moar fun"
CLARENCE
I wish vanos got to play also badger ying + thermite =thing
I hope u guys play more siege together
Mentor? More like cheese connoisseur amirite fellas?
That royale song dough
Yessssssssssss
Good vid bagger
Wtf was that floating wood I the back round at 10:00 it’s happening in my game to
Hex flex
MURICAA FUCK YEH
Its looking like you cant actually carve holes in walls with the blowtorch. I looked at some gameplay and according to him you could just make sight lines. Its also really quiet. I WENT TO LINK THE VIDEO AND IT WAS COPYRIGHTED BY UBISOFT!!! ??????
MORE VIDS THESE ARE AWESOME!
You won’t pin this
A rather large opening arriving shortly.
You need to calm down bagger
patching up that bo boo*
god's plan
I want to see you play with shroud
Flex Tape Jokes incoming
You are the best kind of mentor cx
Tuxbird sounds like smity
Y'all some casual tryhards
Reported for child abuse
I CUT A BIG HOLE IN THE WALL TO SHOW THE POWER OF FLEX TAPE!
New oparator Bill maze abalitie puts tape flex on reinforced wall (no big hol coming right up) defense attack *i sawd this boat in half skirt srkting around in a boat
Make tachankychang the god 2 plz
I need a playlist of bahjers outro songs.
Here in 10 minutes
That's a lot of damage.
Russia is the Alpha Beta Version of 'Murica
More dunkey
Badger try a different grip on fuzes ak
This zone you may not flex in
when wildcat yells he sounds exactly like sp00nerism
NO ZONE FLEX
You should add more songs in b/w like you used to do before....
Badger sounds like a proud dad Moar büjer
Trippin
Thats a lot of damage
BITCH LASAGNA
I've been watching Badger since his channel started but its so fucking obvious now that he's just milking this channel for money. I can't remember the last time Badger uploaded a video that wasn't sponsored. Seriously, talk about being a sellout. Byeeeeeeee Badger
Cool vid badger
vro b in g fucking hole coming right up
His FOV being 45 has to be my favorite joke in Siege now.
YAAAA NEW VIDEO!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
The NO FROZE ZONE HAHA GOTEEEM
Aye yo badger any division videos????
Do You Like JAZZZZZZZZ!?!?!?!
9:59 Hello
Ima just ask , Does this game just disappears once the free weekened is done
Cant wait to see badjur crushing Shred
12:21 it looks like Clarence is thinking of eating you or just at :0:0:0
Lol shroud is already a plat and takes the game as serious as macie jay.
SO MUCH BADGER CONTENT, SO LITTLE TIME
I Hate this! You Can Have The Game Over the weekend! On Play Station You Downald the 10% of The game ... So You Can Enter in the game. But the 90% is downalding still And the both take a fucking Day. Thanks Ubisoft!
Yes flex zone
I may not be able to flex but I can still YEET
Shroud and Macie are going to win ! Im sure of it ! Let's be honest badger , It's you all alone against all of them because there is no way that these two noobs who stopped sweatin on fortnite and came to team-up with you because of the ubi-money are gonna offer you the teamwork that you deserve and you need !
* flexes*
M A R C E L
Shit this gets funnier
Boneless Jelly
Badger rearranged his apartment
Y A L L K N O W I B E F L E X I N
I finally got rainbow six siege
Flexfuck
Will there be more videos like this with wildcat and marcel? (That is if they’re willing to play)
31k veiws after 20 mins lmao
Gg
I was waiting for dis
Blyaaaaat cyyyyka
I liked this vid as soon as I opened it then I heard the "frost isn't even a good op" then I realised IT'S TIME TO PLAY 28 HOURS OF NON-STOP FROST EDIT IT ALL TOGETHER AND, PROVE, YO, ASS, WRONG
3:29 "happend" harharhar im so funy
I watched the stream and it was that good I decided to watch the video boi you outplayed Tux with that frag grenade suicide
imma keep it real wit'cha chief, I MAIN FROST!! :P Love the vids keep it up. <3
im so happy that a new video came out because the whole day I was watching 1 year old rainbow six videos from you
Oh and btw whats the song called during the end of the video ?
Those seamless transitions are prety dope !
Well i tried Siege during this free weekend and i suck at the game lol but i love the game
I just made a huge dump
shrouds already in plat 1
"You can't kill me if I kill myself first YEET" -RussianBadger President for 2020
Is that a JoJo's reference?!?
I saw wildcat s stream and I know you are making a capitaio video
Wanted to see macie flex on yall
Bruh my birthday is August 27th....
lol I got a fortnite ad
For future reference wildcats name is Tyler
Why is my Pp hard.
We Know Better
Eh another vid.
Flex Seal Tape Boat Nico Nico Nii
Shrouds a fuqin plat 1 bois
IM'MA KEEP IT 100... WIT'CHU CHIEF... THIS AIN'T IT.
1.5 mil
new power triple wilddowrkagder
707 comment 42,940 view
Fuze=sprit animal
Badger could be in a Vanoss video... my life has meaning again
I watched the stream from Wildcats pov it was aight.
Here for a good time? Every time I play with my friends it always ends in a screaming disaster and who’s better than the other
Hello
Karmin (ft. Watsky) - No Flex Zone
Tux/Bajur are bassically the most fun players in the whole 35 mil fanbase jk
Woops woops a new vids
i like that capitao just keeps two hot dogs in hes right pocket...
Let's see flex tape fix a thermite hole
Oh my god these guys are gonna go up against CaRtOoNz and Nick? Ooh this gonna be intriguing.
Capitão in portuguese=captain
Tex Fape
Never pressed on a video so fast.
“Decent mentor” Flashback to Twomad’s tournament ”YOU JUST HAVE TO DO THE DUMBEST SHIT, BUT TRY AS HARD AS YOU CAN DOING IT”
Let them teach u royale battle
MURICA
Give us some r6 siege keys
Froist mains be Mad
First Flexser
"A REALLY BIG FUCKIN TAPE-FLEX COMING RIGHT UP!"
Can someone explain to me why hung and thermite aren’t just called Thing?
Thermite with the clout goggles
screaming+headphones=mental rape
Bustin a wall more Mike bustin a but
wheres the capitao video???????????????????????? lol nevermind i just saw the end of the video ok thank you badjer.
you insult frost now I dislike ;(
CDNthe3rd should've been in there and gone on a rampage. Badger make Ubisoft give us what we all really want.
Yay new badger video
oof
They’re gonna think half the operators are memes and the other half are broken lmao
I sawed this boat in half
Badger didn’t wanna flex his carries so he said the characters names
F L E X
Battlefield 1 video please?
Cool outro :)
Bro I love these videos not to mention how helpful your advice are
How can bajur not f l e x
its funny that sypher just got ignored for the intire video
Reeeeeeeeeee
MOAR FUN
New strat: Electric Avenue, you need Bandit, Meastro, and the new Clash. Use all four batteries on wire around obj, Evil Eyes in a position that you can see the wire, and Clash in the area so that when the enemy’s are in the area she steps into the area to distract the enemy and when in range of the Evil Eye you start shooting them, and hopfully they can be baited into the bandit wire, thus shocking them from 3 different directions.
A really big fuckin hole for flex tape coming right up
I want operators videos. Not those for free weekend noobs.
Can We All universally agree Badjur has best outro rythem sounds in every video
No the the thermite ying combo is "Thing"
VERSACE
thx for telling us that the game is free to play "uploads on 19th August"
OTHER RECORDINGS Almost heaven, West Virginia Blue Ridge Mountains, Shenandoah River Life is old there, older than the trees Younger than the mountains, blowing like a breeze Country roads, take me home To the place I belong West Virginia, mountain mama Take me home, country roads All my memories gather round her Miner's lady, stranger to blue water Dark and dusty, painted on the sky Misty taste of moonshine, teardrop in my eye Country roads, take me home To the place I belong West Virginia, mountain mama Take me home, country roads I hear her voice, in the morning hour she calls me The radio reminds me of my home far away And driving down the road I get a feeling That I should have been home yesterday, yesterday Country roads, take me home To the place I belong West Virginia, mountain mama Take me home, country roads Country roads, take me home To the place I belong West Virginia, mountain mama Take me home, country roads Take me home, down country roads Take me home, down country roads
Badger thicc
Basger your more of a thonker then a mentor
Are you gonna make a videos about season 5 on Fortnite?
Been playing the game cuz the free weekend, think im definitely pick it up
how do you have more comments then views ??
badger can you do a video on every map?
Anybody Else Miss Captain Cargo Shorts?
Collab’s like this make my thermite charge spark
I walk to flex on paraplegic people, I see to flex on blind people, I hear to flex on deaf people
Good shit
Thermite + Ying = thing
Why does macie need shroud
Technically the 1080 in 1080p refers to the height. So Marcel should have said he watches in 960p horizontal.
BLYAT
Yo the only thing I'm ever gonna draw on reinforced walls are dicks
9:58 Were they playing against Nothernlion and company?
I love u
I love how your uploading more but do you still find bf1 fun cos I need some Dicey shit
More war thunder pls
Frost has the best elite skin
I’ll help them if there on Xbox then I’ll 1v1 ANY ONE
A badger and a cat shoot things and yell v2
Will you pay my internet bill so I can play siege again
Let's go bagder do do do do do
yea and despite it being FREE WEEKEND, i STILL matched with god damn PLATS !!!!!!!
SypherPK and Badger in the same vid... holy shit this can’t be real
5:33 perfect chance to sledge him and you missed it, tragic.
32 thousandth
Rae summar
La di da di da
So when’s siege doin Royale boi?
7:47 dw there’s a second bear trap right in front of him anyway
Next up, wildcat teaches badger how to play battle royale
A REALLY BIG FUCKING HOLE COMING RIGHT UP!
Shroud and macie ezpz lemon squeezy
Cyka Blyat yeah now that's music in
Im birb piou piou
rip those random game videos that are hilarious
shrod to good he uses clear FLEX TAPE
And the inside is completely dry
I hope they start actually recording this game and uploading it cause that would be pretty fun to watch on their channels.
Don’t pin this
Moar bagel
Frost got a new elite skin
Seal Flex
Wait wasn’t lupo in here too? Or was he just playing by himself to just learn the game.
Only 29k views sweet!
That’s a lotta damage!!!!!
I
Fav youtubers all in one vid i love this
Oh Tyler...you special little Human Torch you.
Great video badger
Have you heard about the new operator's
Flex Zone
Does mute put flex tape on his mouth?
I think...we need some mothafuging flex tape clear for this shit
flex tapE z0n3
I love this video
Badger I found a new tactic it’s called fuzing it or moving it it’s fuze and lion . Fuze and time your lion drone with It l And they will definitely die or get scanned so its very nice
I can’t believe people still play this crappy game honestly it’s a joke
shroud and maice jay r gods
Honestly I am very excited that siege is getting a bigger audience because then we can push them to fix ranked
OMG YES MOAR BADGER MOAR yay YEEEEEES
can you tell Ubisoft to get there crap together, I cant connect to Ubisoft servers. THX
Tux comes to safe all This is a No-Flex-Zone! Tux has left the game
0:34 lmao
This is ‘MURICA
Badger, you wanna talk about how you have that much r6 credits?
Flexing with my tape
Holy shit
Any tips for training my battle royal friend that is new to rainbow?
Here come dat boi
Aint nobody like these group of idiots. Because they have skills, style and comedy!
I was the 2,767 like so...
EARLY
Early Gang
T H A T S A L O T T A D A M A G E
“Ahhhhhhhhh explosions” thank god he used such coded language so the enemies wouldn’t know what’s happening ??????
Goofy Shit right there
Don't tell anyone but when I'm home alone I cover myself in vaseline And pretend I'm a slug
Chichen Nuggest
With Maverick will be: "A really big fucking PENIS coming right up"
No child left behind < No survivors
No flex
No f l e x
Really big dick coming right up
A REALLY BIG FUCKING HOLE
Did you really just not call a thermite ash combo the thing
Plz do a capitão video
Dude i can't wait for your videos on Maverik and Clash
How much money ur r making from this and can I get some pls.
Tape clear
Thermite can't penetrate Flex Tape
Mid sentence Thanks for goobisoft for sponsoring I dropped my phone and screamed sellout
There's a glaz on the wing, Spencer.
yo stop collabing with these posers
Maverick is basically an artistic hard breacher in my opinion
Notification squad
That moment when they stream snipe and still lost with mad disrespect from Badger
Next video TF2 video?! Is that what you meant in the outro?
I remember this stream, had to leave Marcel’s and hop onto Badger’s because his chat was pretty much aids
yo bajur do you plan on playing with these guys in the future?
Everybody knows frost with the silenced sub machine is the way to go
Bajur is now full on tom hanks
yeeeeeeeeeeeet
jokes on u Bajur Frost got an Elite skin
Fape Tlex
When you’re early and you try to comment something funny to get pinned by bajur
I watched his stream
Play with that group more
When Badger said 8:17 but after the elite skin he has to make a video about her. spoiler alert she is going to be hot.....
My Daily dose of cancer
Love how fast the vids are coming! Keep it up
My nephew calls black people, Chocolate Men.
Im PrEtTy GoOd
BLYAT
Fuck no
Hi, Phil Swift here with Flex Tape! The super-strong waterproof tape! That can instantly patch, bond, seal, and repair! Flex tape is no ordinary tape; its triple thick adhesive virtually welds itself to the surface, instantly stopping the toughest leaks. Leaky pipes can cause major damage, but Flex Tape grips on tight and bonds instantly! Plus, Flex Tape’s powerful adhesive is so strong, it even works underwater! Now you can repair leaks in pools and spas in water without draining them! Flex Tape is perfect for marine, campers and RVs! Flex Tape is super strong, and once it's on, it holds on tight! And for emergency auto repair, Flex Tape keeps its grip, even in the toughest conditions! Big storms can cause big damage, but Flex Tape comes super wide, so you can easily patch large holes. To show the power of Flex Tape, I sawed this boat in half! And repaired it with only Flex Tape! Not only does Flex Tape’s powerful adhesive hold the boat together, but it creates a super strong water tight seal, so the inside is completly dry! Yee-doggy! Just cut, peel, stick and seal! Imagine everything you can do with the power of Flex Tape!
I’m a pogan lauler
LOVE THE FREQUENT POSTS
They know better
shroud is almost diamond
Check out this app ?? sweatcoin.org/i/j6cobaxy ... It pays for walking
Imma be real wit u cheef everyone is flexing on vigil right now
Thermite+Ying=thing or therming
Yes
Am triggered when he said frost isn't that good of a operator
UEAH
Yeetski
50 dollars says tux kills badger
where did you get that frog painting in the back round
The fuq you mean frost isn’t a good operator?
can we replace buck's knife with a hockey stick?
Badger frost gettin a elite skin so she your argument is invalid
Another badger video within a couple days
Where is grim sky content
Tux is just Badgers autistic little brother
YOU CAN'T GET TO ME IF I GET TO ME FIRST
THAT'S A LOT OF DAMAGE
It really be like that
i would make a flex tape joke bu there is far to many of them seriously can humans make a interesting joke
Stoopid facking youtubers internet wins
18k in 12 minutes. Nice
Yah sex is cool but what about getting unbanned from badgers discord
did you just say that frost isnt good ? OH BOI you wrong
CYKA BLYAT
Neato Yeeto
BLYAT It do be like that some time
Nebro faggamous
Badger, I play on Xbox but I was wondering if you could teach me how to play I got the game awhile ago but I’m bad at defense and offense
Dont wear supreme in the flex zone
bugder, ie luv yu
Tape Flex ZONE
Aye slick rick remex
Flex TAPE
Go Spend some Quality time at a River To FLEX on Zofia
Here before posted on Badger's Discord
My head hurts bad
11:47 this zoom in is awkward
0:14 Bill cipher confirmed as new operator?
hey badger im fairly new can you maybe teach me how
Stop sleeping badger..... you need to upload a grim sky video!
I like how wildcat has played siege before this and is most well know for Gmod, but still counts as a royale player
Bager
Hi IssacBaby
I started playing rainbow six siege cus of you Thx for how to siege did not need it or kinda
I bought the complete edition of rainbow six with the 50% off and im still poor, give me some if dat flex tape to fix my crippling financial struggles... please
Thermite X Ying= THING
U ordered a hole were is it
Flex tape
THEY KNOW BETTER
When you have nothing you flex so you flex your flex tape
Fix thermites holes with flex tape
B R O F U-
Bajur stop uploading siege and go back to playing christian minecraft plz
Fuck yee boi
As early as 10 minutes, AND I'm stoned af? This is gonna be godlike
This is babysitting 101
Yeet
get the $40 version
Heart me
Bajur you better miss me with that no-flex shit. Boi got the new i p h o n e 3
Only commies dislike
A BIG FUCKING HOLE COMING RIGHT UP!
Hey badger I'm going to Africa with hamburgers and eat them so I can flex on starving kids
That why thermite is my main
Do mafia 3
next up rainbow six does royale
How is there more likes than views
Badgers hairline hairline deeper than Dusty divot! ????
Anyone else thought that these videos were going to include Chaboyy?
MOOAAAARRRRR
Had to do it to em’
THAT'S ALOTTA DAMAGE!
No please no wilcat
14k views in 8 minutes, jeezus
Early squad is all here
seal
No sex zone!!
Play For honor
therming
Or thering wich when you remove the h becomes a disease in my language
Well of course Shroud and Macie are gonna win u dumb sh-
oh god always happy to see you in my notifications bro
Thermcher? I barely know her
8:20, STOP THAT ??
Samoyed Are Cute .Samoyed Are Cute .Samoyed Are Cute .Samoyed Are Cute .Samoyed Are Cute .Samoyed Are Cute .Samoyed Are Cute .Samoyed Are Cute .Samoyed Are Cute .Samoyed Are Cute .Samoyed Are Cute .Samoyed Are Cute .Samoyed Are Cute .Samoyed Are Cute .Samoyed Are Cute .Samoyed Are Cute .Samoyed Are Cute .Samoyed Are Cute .Samoyed Are Cute .Samoyed Are Cute .Samoyed Are Cute .
I played the game first during the free weekend and I main Fuze because I’m trash and need to fire ‘nades through walls before charging in
Bajur, can you teach us how 2 comedy?
TheRainbowSixBadger
Who would win? One of the best pc players in the world with over ten thousand hours on fps games alone or or one Russian boi
PLAY FOR HONOR
Please do more tux bird collabs! I love both of you so much and love it when U work together
First
Thx for doing more of this
I’m tux here for tape flex
Flex Seal
Love ur fuking vids
Fact: vigil is short for vigilante, this could be a reference to Ubisoft's previous game, watch dogs were you play as a vigilante who hacks cameras so he is not seen by them.
Dos glasses man
Eat the flex seal family of products you can.
THAT’S ALOT OF DAMAGE!
Hello am 48 year man from somolia. sorry for my bed england. I selled my wife for internet connection for play "ranbaw sicks" and i want to become the goodest player like you I play with 400 ping on brazil server and i am silver rank. pls no copy pasterino my story.
Yeet
Fucking BUFF the revolvers sound
Your videos are so well done, keep it up man :)
Of course shroud and mcjay is gonna fookin win duh
"WHERE IS THIS GUY!!" The main line of r6
YEES
boi
Personally I think even "badger" is too long. I'd just say "bad"
i want to commit suicide
Boobs
Y O I N T
E A T THE F L E X T A P E
Ya’ll ever just not flex to flex on flexing ni??????as
E
Of course my shroud and Mc gonna win the event. But Badger and Team lose with laughter
Because of the free weekend I got 2 aces in one game
Taep Fexl
Why does nobody use capitaos lmg?
Dude you’re fucking hilarious you make my day 10 times better keep it up dude
This free week thing made playing the game a absolute nightmare because all the new players coming put the servers on so mutch stress i was kicked from matches via connection failure all the time
Imma be real with you chief and just say that Maice Jay going to be flexing on you with aces!
Best way to wake up
Yes a new vid
Bajurs content is equivalent to how god of an operator Chanka is
Decent mentor...sure
Anybody else think Sypher didn't really belong in that group?
Phil is literately the second embodiment of Jesus Christ
Holy shit that title is a throw back.
If i see any of yall Flex on me in Rainbow Battle royale Siege im Dead Ass gonna waste my money skins
Really big B O N E L E S S pizza coming right up!
why cant i get a like from badger
Uploaded 1min ago for me and its has a fuck tune of views
Dang only 4 minutes and already 8k views
Thermite: To show the power of flex tape I blew a hole in this wall
I made a texture pack where reinforcements are flex tape and tachanka is in a life of boris shirt
385th
I love you badger. Give me your badger babies
Well this is the story all about how I taught some new kids from batle royal
watchin in 360p
TO TEST THE POWER OF FLEX TAPE I MADE A REALLY BIG FUCKING HOLE THATALOTOFDAMAGE
Nick and Luke won yay
YEET
hi badger, you sticky fuck
First like and holy shit keep wild cat he is funny yo my man's need a YouTube channel for wild cat instant sub
What about tony
Flex tape can't fix my broken soul tho
Im watching this at 9 11 am
This is so fucking awesome!??
Flape tex
Interesting
I was watching badger’s finka video just chilling then I saw this holy grail pop up in my notifications
One flexy boi
Why the fuck my pee pee hard
who else struggles to make original comments
Hi Phil Swift here for Flex Tape! The super strong waterproof tape that can instantly patch, bond, seal, and repair! Flex Tape is no ordinary tape. It's triple thick adhesive virtually welds itself to surfaces, instantly stopping the toughest leaks. Leaky pipes can cause MAJOR damage, but flex tape grips on tight and bonds instantly. PLUS, Flex Tape's powerful adhesive is so strong, it even works underwater! Now you can repair leaks in pools and spas without draining them. Flex Tape is perfect for marine, campers, and RVs. Flex Tape is super strong and once it's on, it holds on tight. And for emergency auto repair, Flex Tape keeps it's grip even in the toughest conditions. Big storms can cause big damage, but Flex Tape comes super wide so you can easily fix large holes. To show you the power of Flex Tape, I SAWED THIS BOAT IN HALF and repaired it with only Flex Tape. Not only does Flex Tape's powerful adhesive hold the boat together, but it creates a super strong, water-tight seal so the inside is completely dry. YEE DOGGIE! Just cut, peel, stick, and seal. Imagine everything you can do with the power of Flex Tape!
I'M HERE TO BRING YOU, FLEX TAPE
OMG ITS SREMMURD RAE
Badger plz it's 2 am and I'm tired
5.8k views in 5 minutes ??
How the hell did so many already comment when this vid has be out for 3 mins
Hi badger nice vid man keep up the great work man
I honestly don’t know what to comment Then how did I write this me.... ??
A REALLY BIG FUCKING HOLE COMING RIGHT UP
1:24 my boy looks t h i c c
Best video
Play the new rainbow siege operators already. ! They just came out right now!
hi dad
I feel like I’m the only one that gets annoyed by the douchebags guest staring on the show they kinda seem like youtubers for kids that are like 14 and below
This must be one of the greatest team of utubers who ever lived lol
Me too
Badger uploading moar than usual? Its a miracle
my name jeff
Y E E T
Ayy lmao .jpg
First
Ich mag Geiseln töten Read More
sees a Russian badger notification Literally clicks on it as fast as a hummming bird flaps its wings
A REALLY F@CKING HOLE COMING RIGHT UP
Any tips 4 gameplay as I am getting the game soon
SHROUD GONNA WIN YOU DUMP SHIT
new AR 15 is a 50 cal confirmed overpowered must ban in America #moreguncontrol
Yeet
first view
MULTIPLE REALLY BIG FUCKING HOLES COMING RIGHT UP! A REALLY BIG FUCKING HOLE COMING RIGHT UP! A REALLY BIG FUCKING HOLE COMING RIGHT UP!A REALLY BIG FUCKING HOLE COMING RIGHT UP!A REALLY BIG FUCKING HOLE COMING RIGHT UP!A REALLY BIG FUCKING HOLE COMING RIGHT UP!A REALLY BIG FUCKING HOLE COMING RIGHT UP!A REALLY BIG FUCKING HOLE COMING RIGHT UP!A REALLY BIG FUCKING HOLE COMING RIGHT UP!A REALLY BIG FUCKING HOLE COMING RIGHT UP!A REALLY BIG FUCKING HOLE COMING RIGHT UP!A REALLY BIG FUCKING HOLE COMING RIGHT UP!A REALLY BIG FUCKING HOLE COMING RIGHT UP!A REALLY BIG FUCKING HOLE COMING RIGHT UP!A REALLY BIG FUCKING HOLE COMING RIGHT UP!A REALLY BIG FUCKING HOLE COMING RIGHT UP!A REALLY BIG FUCKING HOLE COMING RIGHT UP!A REALLY BIG FUCKING HOLE COMING RIGHT UP!A REALLY BIG FUCKING HOLE COMING RIGHT UP!A REALLY BIG FUCKING HOLE COMING RIGHT UP!A REALLY BIG FUCKING HOLE COMING RIGHT UP!A REALLY BIG FUCKING HOLE COMING RIGHT UP!A REALLY BIG FUCKING HOLE COMING RIGHT UP!A REALLY BIG FUCKING HOLE COMING RIGHT UP!A REALLY BIG FUCKING HOLE COMING RIGHT UP!A REALLY BIG FUCKING HOLE COMING RIGHT UP!A REALLY BIG FUCKING HOLE COMING RIGHT UP!A REALLY BIG FUCKING HOLE COMING RIGHT UP!A REALLY BIG FUCKING HOLE COMING RIGHT UP!A REALLY BIG FUCKING HOLE COMING RIGHT UP!A REALLY BIG FUCKING HOLE COMING RIGHT UP!A REALLY BIG FUCKING HOLE COMING RIGHT UP!A REALLY BIG FUCKING HOLE COMING RIGHT UP!A REALLY BIG FUCKING HOLE COMING RIGHT UP!A REALLY BIG FUCKING HOLE COMING RIGHT UP!A REALLY BIG FUCKING HOLE COMING RIGHT UP!A REALLY BIG FUCKING HOLE COMING RIGHT UP!A REALLY BIG FUCKING HOLE COMING RIGHT UP!A REALLY BIG FUCKING HOLE COMING RIGHT UP!A REALLY BIG FUCKING HOLE COMING RIGHT UP!A REALLY BIG FUCKING HOLE COMING RIGHT UP!A REALLY BIG FUCKING HOLE COMING RIGHT UP!A REALLY BIG FUCKING HOLE COMING RIGHT UP!A REALLY BIG FUCKING HOLE COMING RIGHT UP!A REALLY BIG FUCKING HOLE COMING RIGHT UP!A REALLY BIG FUCKING HOLE COMING RIGHT UP!A REALLY BIG FUCKING HOLE COMING RIGHT UP!A REALLY BIG FUCKING HOLE COMING RIGHT UP!A REALLY BIG FUCKING HOLE COMING RIGHT UP!A REALLY BIG FUCKING HOLE COMING RIGHT UP!A REALLY BIG FUCKING HOLE COMING RIGHT UP!A REALLY BIG FUCKING HOLE COMING RIGHT UP!A REALLY BIG FUCKING HOLE COMING RIGHT UP!A REALLY BIG FUCKING HOLE COMING RIGHT UP!A REALLY BIG FUCKING HOLE COMING RIGHT UP!A REALLY BIG FUCKING HOLE COMING RIGHT UP!A REALLY BIG FUCKING HOLE COMING RIGHT UP!A REALLY BIG FUCKING HOLE COMING RIGHT UP!A REALLY BIG FUCKING HOLE COMING RIGHT UP!A REALLY BIG FUCKING HOLE COMING RIGHT UP!A REALLY BIG FUCKING HOLE COMING RIGHT UP!A REALLY BIG FUCKING HOLE COMING RIGHT UP!A REALLY BIG FUCKING HOLE COMING RIGHT UP!A REALLY BIG FUCKING HOLE COMING RIGHT UP!A REALLY BIG FUCKING HOLE COMING RIGHT UP!A REALLY BIG FUCKING HOLE COMING RIGHT UP!A REALLY BIG FUCKING HOLE COMING RIGHT UP!A REALLY BIG FUCKING HOLE COMING RIGHT UP!A REALLY BIG FUCKING HOLE COMING RIGHT UP!A REALLY BIG FUCKING HOLE COMING RIGHT UP!A REALLY BIG FUCKING HOLE COMING RIGHT UP!A REALLY BIG FUCKING HOLE COMING RIGHT UP!A REALLY BIG FUCKING HOLE COMING RIGHT UP!A REALLY BIG FUCKING HOLE COMING RIGHT UP!A REALLY BIG FUCKING HOLE COMING RIGHT UP!A REALLY BIG FUCKING HOLE COMING RIGHT UP!A REALLY BIG FUCKING HOLE COMING RIGHT UP!A REALLY BIG FUCKING HOLE COMING RIGHT UP!A REALLY BIG FUCKING HOLE COMING RIGHT UP!A REALLY BIG FUCKING HOLE COMING RIGHT UP!A REALLY BIG FUCKING HOLE COMING RIGHT UP!A REALLY BIG FUCKING HOLE COMING RIGHT UP!A REALLY BIG FUCKING HOLE COMING RIGHT UP!A REALLY BIG FUCKING HOLE COMING RIGHT UP!A REALLY BIG FUCKING HOLE COMING RIGHT UP!
3 videos of Russian badger ? Dude what I've been smoking ?
Who else gets Odd1s out vibes
5k views in 2 minutes, lol
A really big fucking comment coming right up
Flex zone
what if i flex
Noice
MY BOY CARTOONZ
Why hello
1st like on the video btw
"1 minute ago" 2k views... After I click on it 3.6k views
Badger is Dad
Well of course shroud and macie are going to win
nO FLeX z0Ne,TheY KnOw BEtTer,tHeY KnoW bEttEr
First
My cat hates fuking laser sights
Well of course shroud and macie are going to win you dumb piece of shit
Flex tape
august 16th sounds like some horror movie
So there was competition
Early
I just get put in games with noobs now
Well of course macie is going to win you dumb shi-
Shake and Bake
A really small fucking hole coming right up- Maverick
I will flex with my flex tape
Three steps to rainbow six Encounter terribles teammate Be called a n-word DIE
Gotta watch Badjurs new vid even tho my phone is at 14%
We have been blessed
Big Dick Energy
Where is Basically Homeless Lol
I never clicked so fast on a video
Therussianbadger vs shourd
Clear tape
Badger-chan is a god
Yeet my Meat Badger
Rainbow six siege is the kind of a game that will make you main a broken operator and then nerf the shit out of that operator
I like big holes...wait that sounds wrong
A R E A L L Y ??? I G F U C K I N G H O L E C O M I N G R I G H T U P
I can always click on this video to see something funny but never Your trash
Latest operator scares me ??
Second comment
A really big hole coming right up
First like
No meme zone
A decent sized hole coming up
Sup boiiiiiiiiiiiiiii
Not a fan of the sfm chars
#NofLExZoNe
Killme
208 comments 6 views
Interior Crocodile Alligator I drive a Chevrolet movie theater
MOAR BAGGER
Had an emergency appendectomy yesterday. Shouldn’t be laughing. Badger, if I break my stitches, you are paying for my bill. Yeet.
Yeeeeeeet
Notification squad
First to see a really big f ing hole. Coming right. Up
Throwing the VG crew into your style of videos. This will be a treat
yote
I was having a bad day today and this made it worse thanks badger
hel ye boie
IM ACTUALLY FIRST BADGERERREER HEArt this come on my comments thiccer than ela
Ree
Hi bajur
Love vids
Bajur ur fake lmao
Wow
I got first like
MAVERICK TIME BOISSSS
I like how some people clicked on the video, liked it and then left
FOOKING UNMANNED BLADES
Flex-Tape zone
I demand the capitao video NOW!
Wow seeing a badger video before it hits 100k views what is this
Not first
No flex zone
Skeet
He posted the same time as pewdiepie
Another video with these guys? You're spoiling us
Holy shit it’s a clash of the titans
Hi dad
Yyyyyyyyuuuuyyyyyuuuuuuyyyyyyy
Play dark souls you fuckin casul
Hi
First like Notice me badger
Y my pp hard
That intro though ??
Oof
Deadass thermite is good
A REALLY BIG F*CKING HOLE COMING RIGHT U-
YA YEET
1
Rainbow scream siege
Daddy Bagger plz send clarence nudes
Anyone else play 1 game and didn't know how to reinforce walls?
Fucking thermite
A REALLY BIG FUCKING HOLE COMING RIGHT UP
FLEX TAPE
No U
H E L L O H E L L O
Deeeeeecent not perfect
S T O P T H A T
oof
badger busts nuts at thermite
35tg
Badger pin me nerd ??
Hi dad
Ye
What did Thermite say to IQ? Really big fucking hole coming right up.
Hello mistor badger
Hecc moar memez
Hello
Dabs
badger ur cool
BAGEL
Bogo, il’ flexn’t for u
Yes another one!!!!!!!!!!! thank you Badger
Yeet
Someone tell Badger he’s the cure to depression
When's Vanoss getting a collab ?
Notifications squad
Yeet
I hate gay people
Yheeht
Like the song no flex zone
First like :)
When you have 64 views and 192 likes ftw
What do u think about clash and maverick?
1st comment
First
notification squad??
1st comment ?? I love u guys
1st comment and love the vids keep up the good work
Frost elite coming up
Holy moly
Like dis badger and I will yell communism in king aoopers
1st
Yeet on them flexers
Heh I’m so glad I’ve got notifications on so I get to watch early
Bajur ur so bad lol get off YouTube Jk
What do you thonk of Grim Sky?
Russinbadger I am Arabic And I watch your videos
Moar banjer
I left pro league for this gold
No flex tape allowed.
NOOTI SQUAAAAAD
Bet u wont pin
Badger jerks to himself in the mirror
Lmao
First
Hi badger
Ree
First like
Gey
Hi
KGB open up
Thermite more like nazi
last
Hi badger. Love ur vids
????
Tiddy
Yay
6th neato mosquito
ayy dab on them haters
Yeet
First comment #notificationsquad
Really big fricking gap coming right up
FortNite?
yeet
I love you
FIRST LIKE DAB DAB DAB
Dank as heck
Succ
Ya Yeet
gang
Love ya badger
Hello
My man??
Yote
Sup love your r6 vids
Ayyy a new video
Wassup
First
LOLXD
First
First
Early gang
Nice
Yeah boi
Luv me badger
2nd but badger won’t read
Why uploaded whiles pro league
Yea
Nice vid bro
No u
skeet
Lel
ZfirstZ
Omg first
First
first?
Yote
hi notification squad
First give me vbuck
First
First
First
First
first
Yeeet
Hiiiii
Hi
Yeet Badger is on the grind
Bet
First
Boi
Ayyy
First
BLYAT
First
First
Hi badger
Why pp hard
heyo
YEET
First
First??
Ur mom gae
Dab
first
First
Badger the OG
1
Notifications LMAO
Yeet
First like
First
First
hey
I luv u ??
Yote
First comment
Yeet
Boom
First
BADGERS MY DAD
First comment boo
First
Sick
Sup
No thanks
Gay
Yeet
Is this good content?
no balls, he won’t pin
My man
First
yeeeeet
First
First like
Yesssssss
First
Yeet
F
Yo
Yeet