Not to hate but doesn’t it sound like beaulo is commentating his gameplay instead of call outs “I’m going to jump in ‘cause there’s no barb wire” “I’m laying at the half wall; still peaking from where I was” instead of like 3 people on me, in (wherever), a buck, sledge and a thatcher. Am I wrong? ??
Sorry beaul0 I only respect people who use reflex
???? ??? ?????????
Any sense recommendation for ps4
Are u in a pro team..?
show your setup plz
Blitz is gay
Beaulo is a Monster. Reminds me of the first Diamond I encountered in casual. Clapped my cheeks everytime.
I’d go gay for beaulo
0:53 how tf you made that yah yeet?????
what resoulution
0:52 Y a h Y e e t
My content be like ... That's a beaulo.
i think important to say ?I'm watching ~?
È più forte CiccioGamer
How do you know when you injured somebody??
Is wide screen letterbox applied?
Was this ranked, if so why don’t your points come up?
????????????
I am from Germany. Pls watch my Video ! 1VS5. I KILL ALL https://youtu.be/c2yTkqbQ4Kw
Did Beaulo kill Gavinacity at 2:48?
When you started headshotting through smoke on non visible characters is when you lost me as a fan.
0:46 I thought you had hacks
0:52 why does it say "Yah Yeet" in orange where its suppose to say "Orange Team" ?
Im in a game with u :D
Why are the games longer?
The boy workin on his callouts for PL?
Talk about sweaty hands Jesus this dude is good
??????
Wait how was it a 4-1 wouldn’t the match end?
That valk was elusive
You have an odd aspect ratio, it seems very large compared to other siege content creators
0:16 wtf
How did u know sledge was down?(3:20)
What do you play on ?
I got an ace as Dokkaebi one time??
"I'm turning my focus 1 degree to the left"
man, why don't u go pro?
Nice job, some really good content here. Can’t wait for next video! Trying to start a YouTube channel and post some R6 content soon!
You inspire me to get better every time I watch one of your vids. Thank you kind sir
what is the skin of thermite at 1:20 (for his yellow hand) ?
just got back into seige lu u bruv
Is that 4:3 resolution?
stop smoking pot while playing beaulo :P takes u like five seconds to remember locations while calling out xD
??????????
Beaulo what did I say the other video? You are running out of titles lol
its not even fun to watch
Sub to me
you are a fucking monster
Are you Jesus ?
Childs play
? ???? ?? ????? ???? 4:1
So. I gotta ask that.. after 2 years now.. are you still 16 and cant join the pros? ;)
4-1???
How does it say yah yeet above the round won at the beginning??
I watched these clips live at school lol
Beaulo looks as if He has aimbot ??????
I named one of my r6 vids one man army so i can't help but wonder if you seen my vid. Most likely not but i'm curious lol
Hey I will never play ash, Hager, and anyone u want me not to go again if u comment to me
I hate a bad day at school??
4:52 Zofia was hit and said "Yikes!"
1 man carry
Your to good
Beaulo is pretty much 40 Pro players x 100 in one guy
4:15 cool cool cool cool no doubt no doubt no doubt
Yah yeet
Damn your like a Beast at Rainbow six siege bro
Are u playing esl in this vid?
Joga muito moleque ????
Who saw yah yeet on top of top of round won
Eres un dios Beaulo, like si eres de Mexico. Ve a ver mi nuevo video, hice la kill más larga con la ballesta de Capitao.
I watched this video today with my teacher at her desk and classmates. She says that your operator has "very nice gloves"
Yah yeet
the first clip is a fuckery
Sub
Yah yeet
Is that a custom
Go inspired styles and tactic in sixquattre ??
Godly is still better
the amounts of callouts that he gives is insane its like his teammates are him as well
Is it me or did beaulo's aim didn't perform as well as before o.O
When you're God...
There is something of with this vid......
That freakin communication tho
Weird flex but ok
Plz youtube will verify you
4:55 lol that scream..
at 4:53 when you flicked onto the Zofia in bathroom hatch you hit her. tf man, nutty stuff
Let's go baby!!
What do you look at when opening scoreboard?
When Beaulo plays terro hunt be like Beaulo joined the game Terrorist left the game
beaulo beaulo beaulo u are amazing man ...
you're one man army - good title best player in the world
You couldn't save Hibana from falling
Nice to see people chill with their ace being robbed from them
Was this is a custom? Because the score was 4-1
1 MAN ARMY. GUNS CAN'T HARM ME !
Alllooooooo
Has anyone ever wondered why you have teammates in siege?
Sunday Mailbox: Have you heard of this wonderful thing called "Twitch Prime"?
how the game is 4-1 and the match is still going?
Your gameplay really inspires me and eventually it made me a better player.??
oKAY GUYS. i GOT AN AMAZING IDEA. wHAT IF THERE WAS AN oPERATOR THAT IS lIKE lION BUT LIKE HAD HIS THING ACTIVE 24/7 AND iNSTEAD oF gETTiNG SPOTTED yOU GET dEAD
Miss speed strafe ??
People should start getting banned for playing too good. Sorry you are first to go.
Welp, I guess I failed No Nut November
the callouts tho
I just liked and commented on my second account... ily bealuo ;)
Now this is epic.
When I watch beaulo I get turned on
Beaulo.G2
Hot
I want a theory on what character ildris elba would be like in the trailer
R6tm??
Bro at 1:00 in the kill cam it looks like aimbot from then hip
The one taps are so satisfying lol ??????
wtf
They just got beauloed in that first clip
I got my first ace and im 11 Ps:Im sorry im 11 i love the game
Hello, are you a Pro league player ? I love your Game play
scump at the beginning???
Do you have any tips for me as for siege? Plz i need them
Looks a lot better on 360p. U guys should try it some time
Beaulo droning?!
hacker!
Why do you play points off
At 4:54 he actually hits him through the wall. you can hear the scream lol
Anyone notice that it says “Yah Yeet” when they win at the beginning of the vid
A seven nation army couldn't hold me back!!!!!
at 2:00 clip how did you know that there was someone in „90“ ? Ure so sick dude
all comp clips holy shit your crazy
I'm in NASA!!!!!!
damn this dude got movement
When Beaulo is playing the game... XXX is in the bathroom xxx dead XXX is in VIP XXX dead XXX is in xxx XXX dead Beaulo must be the Death in siege ( ?° ?? ?°)...........
totally first
Yo what are those yellow wraps for thermite
Thanks for the game info but what’s your mouse?
Jeez what headset do you have to hear everything?
U smelly haha
Ur mi dadd
Yo honestly I wanted to commend you for how good your comms are in game, I used to watch you because of your aim but your communication has gotten so good I consider it a standard to live up to. Keep up the good work.
Why did I get unsubscribed from you? Youtube sucks.
Just wondering, can you start to upload full gameplays of matches? I feel it would be a lot more interesting and fun to watch you die sometimes.
If you can't think of a title just name it spaghetti sauce plays
Please, love my comment.
4:48 that random flick hit the zofia
he using mods
I love how he has started to call everything out, I’ve been learning so much.
do the godly shit, knife the floor
big ego but yes true
00:53 "yah yeet" perfectly describes what just happened ??
Beaulo do you do esl?
Call of duty
Heh you're playing with achieved and you dicked on him and he was like yeah that's sus, anyone know what I'm talking about?
How the fuck was it 4 and 1 and the game still on ?????
"yah yeet" at the teams color that is all
More upload consistency needed, but your plays make up for it.
If it wasnt for your genetic You woudnt get those kills like that
Beaulo has gotten a bit more predictable, i can see how godly can destroy him.
I watch this to hype myself up for some copper ranked
go 4 BO4
4:16 are you Jake Peralta ?
“Glory hole” ????
g l o r y h o l e
This man is a god, I wish I had is God like powers
When r u going pro !?!?
Plz upload more and possible play otger games
4:55 you hit whoever dropped bathroom you can hear the scream ??
just had Beaulognese for dinner
How do you cancel the drone like that
When’s Beaulo gonna join a Pro League team ????
4k after 4k
Yo what the hell, the first voice in this video sounds identical to me
Are you able to disable points and the hud where it shows how many people are alive? 2:45
Beaulo PRO PLAYER
4 :15 is that jake peralta?
come visit your grandmother.
please tell me how it says yah yeet please wtf
4:20 gotta pop them pills
I LOVE U
The God of siege..
pure highlights
6:43 19 and 7 lmaoo what a guy
How do u become so skilled at this game bro, I’m knew I have some experience with the game, gold 2 lvl 45, when I see u play I try to manipulate your gameplay, but it never works, plz help this Poor noob
I had a lovely day at school Beaulo
Kinda weird hearing you articulate properly instead of being like "mhm onehmsms ninetymhmh" you mumbling motherfucker
The 19 kill 7 death game was a GG
sooo. what happened to disrupt? and there is clips that aren't ranked or casual are they costum or some sort of tournament?
Oh yea? You and what army? Beaulo OH SHIT my bad fam this was a misunderstanding
This is real content! Good Job Beu
Calls ????????????
why does he keep lowering his sens. It is so freaking low
Why do they have more ranked rounds than usual?
what is that uniform for thermite? I like it
I literally saw everyone one of these clips on stream ?? still watched tho
There has never been a more truthful title for Beaulo ever
yah yeet
Maaan could you put your cam of "non emocionated person when he makes an imposible 1v5 with closed eyes" face. Plss put your web again in the videooos
IcewallowCome
Is your ads higher than you hip speed?
Howdy bol
Howdy bol
Good vid.. Just got off school
should i get a logitech g pro or a zowie mouse not sure which one yet.
A 7 nation army could hold me baAaAak
I had a stressful day at school Beaulo
"Smoke is in showers"
Love your call outs. Inspires me to have my team get better and know each callout. WP dude.
Next vid, show some funny moments
I'm downloading the game now..needs a 40 gig update on ps4.
I hope to play with you once Beaulo
yes no points
Is he playing scrims?
YAH YEET!
Do you play 3:2 or 4:3 ? Please answer if you can.
ok, at first i thought this is a "coastline only" video :D
Did you change your sensitivity?
0:16,can any one tell me how?? i want know how to throw drone and doesnt open phone
Amazing quad!
How do you delete the red cross when you kill someone?
8:33 how is the castle that bad
Since when did Beaulo do go4’s? Thought he wasn’t interested in pro league
Copied by narpha????????
he is insane
Communication improvements were made I see
8:41 what?
us
Beaulo's got good calls my dude.
Title should definitely be "The killer glory hole"
How was there a 7-5 game? Was he playing a tournament or like a friendly game or what?
4:54 he actually hit the one tap, you can hear Zof scream
I'm so happy that I am a EU Player because if I was going to get a match against you I would just cry
Now let's see you get a real job.
When all hope is lost you still mustn't surrender
Did you kill the doc at the beginning and say ‘thats pantry’
Is the ’kablam’ skin a season skin?
How is 400 dpi and 8 V and 8 H work?
This is custom
can someone just pray for me, I wanna play siege soon
??
Damn, Gavin got popped.
Dude this guy thought i was really you because i put my name as Beaulou. and then searched me on r6s tracker and i have 60% win rate and you have 65.7% win rate so he thought i was your alt account
#BRAZIL
You are the best player of r6s
I suck big cocks
Bro why you uploading it's no nut November
There was only a few places to be hiding in the bathroom. If you kept shooting you would've got him earlier. You still ended up getting him though so I guess that doesn't really matter.
Here's a challenge you can only use valk's shotgun and desert eagle
Imagine him playing fortnite
We all know beaulo is a one man army.
papa beaulo
I saw this live on twitch <3
Add me on xbox. Gamtertag is Xinzin. I am a top 100 global diamond. Was 45 global??
12,719th
After how many melees does a window break? I see people hit it once and vault in once but I have never seen it in my games. It takes two hits for me.
0:35 why custom game? Thats 4-1
U try 1 time to change sensi. Like high dpi and lower in game sens?
heyyy
Keep up the good work man, love your videos and wish I will be as good as you or day
Siege GOD
Literally saw most of these clips live on stream
is this from the Faceit 10 mans? :)
Teach me how to be a fake hacker
4:55 you hit her XD
Nut or watch Beaulo and Nut? Beaulo it is. Get my lotion.
insane brudda <3
What?? 4:24 Is it the "Achieved" who got fucked by YOU in your 16th Montage? :D
eZ cLaP
Nice
?? ???
Y a h Y e e t
Well I failed no nut november
The title is perfect, you were the only one playing, killing and giving callouts so...
Why is it so hard to play pc r6
Ilove you beaulo
You're a god damn Savage
You are god
Could u tell us about your pc features please?
If someone wanna see my channel and subscribe i do hilights of R6
Cute title to put while Pro League is on. :)
The clip at 4:45 why didn't you try to wall bang Zofia when she dropped bathroom hatch
Hey dude, what's up, it's Gabirusco2005 from the ps4
Hiii
Que bueno biblo que ya hablas más muchacho tenga su like
NOW THIS IS EPIC
.
Lol u destored gavin acity
Beaulo you are a monster.....
Anyone else thought of MW2 from this title?
Boa tarde, eu tenho um canal no YouTube nome: Tata R6 quem puder dar uma forcinha agradeço desde já
I just ate 6 hi fi bars an now my ass feels like it's gonna blow up
See guys, now this man is a great CoNsOlE player.
I lost my shit with the glory hole call
Why is 16:10 so streched on your vids?
sup boys
You Play a lot, with a proper Reason, this is the Best R6 player!?????
Yah yeet
oof
Crispest callouts I ever heard
And his Name is John Cenaaa
Doc issss.......smoke is dead
beaulo you are my favourite siege player
100 wiews, 400 like, youtube’s bug
Beaolu:what the type of mouse and keybord should be used
Lesions body just chilling at 4:48 hahahaha
TE AMO
4:54 lol u hit her and it seemed to be by accident
Love u bro??
"There is a singular Glory Hole in the wall."
Mah boi if i ever ever come across you I will straight up leave the game xD ur too good <3 nah would be amazing to play against you but i dont think im gonna be diamond any time soon :P
omgomgomg
Follow my snap ??
You are soo insane please tell me what hack you use
how old are you
dope
you god
Pee pee
beaulo daddy
In rainbow
How to hold an angle but still be the one peeking...
Nice i would like to play with you beaulo Nice job
2views 206 like ?!?mm???????
Yes we can have a good team
Hi
“A single glory hole” Been there, done that
i love you beaulo
I love you??????????
Deus?
When Beaulo plays terro hunt be like Beaulo joined the game Terrorist left the game
Fuck your mom
Gg
Yes 6 th no way omg
Are you hyped for wind bastion?
Beaulo is the best player in the game like if you agree.
Do I hear CONTENT?
Gg
I Love you ??
Are you the real beaulo ?
Beaulo is nuts
Best Player in the fucking World
Reply for shroud like for beaulo
3rd
You’re not that bad
I was sitting here thinking of a title forever. Please forgive me for this one.
fucking goat ?????????
1st
Damn.
Lol when I see you upload I just INSTA tap on it lol
Wooooah
Not first but ily
Best
Game end him my self
First
Notif squad
Nice vedio
not first
Nice
Third
First
NICE VIDEO BEAULO
Hi:)
First beaulo
Nice Video
First
One
One man BEAULOOOO
On Fire ????
Brasil
1
Gg
I love you
Toxic beaulo???????
God
Nice
????????
Third
First one
gg beaulo????
3rd
Beaulo!!! ??????
Bro you are fire?? I'm sharing r6 highlight videos. If you want look my channel, Thanks...
no
Wassup
Gg brother
Beaulo ?
First
Hiii
Hi
lit lit
1st like and commwnt
First
Epic
Nice video
Cooooooooool!????????
First
Gg