What is buffalo sauce??
I hate buffalos
This is so cool like a Blizzard.Because of Buffalo
I love the way they have to put savoury in the title as if I we where going to drizzle on some buffalo sauce on some cinnamon rolls. Wait... I probably would??
I love buffalo sauce anything with that I’ll eat except stuff I don’t like.
385
the music made me enjoy watching great and delicious food making
No buffalo were harmed in this video
I have a question: For the buffalo chicken sandwiches, are you cooking that chicken for 4 hours? Just curious.
Blue cheese is disgusting
I love buffalo but for some reason hate bbq
Omg I love this video can you guys make more
Buffalo sauce is literally the most incredible sauce on earth. Fight me. Also if you use ranch instead of bleu cheese for buffalo wings I hate you, it's insulting. It's the equivalent of covering an entire hot dog in ketchup.
Lol there's no buffalo still I'm a buffalo lover
This video is my spirit animal
Ok but the title confuses me... "savory" buffalo dishes but like, there aren't sweet buffalo dishes right?
???
so what brand of buffalo sauce? or are you gonna show us how to make it ..?
real tears strolled down when you put blue cheese on the tatertots
I'm I the only one that noticed the ending was weird like the cut of the clip idk
Where my Buffalo lovers at?
My leg is cut off. Can't enjoy cooking any more. Just....
I think in england people eat buffalo chicken with cheese
Buffalo is very hot and it is interesting me.
Please do some Indian and bengali food recipies.
Buffalo.. a piece of history ??
After buffalo mozzarella sticks i couldnt see the ingredients, zoomed way too much
The link for "Get the recipes" is unauthorized
DELICIOUSSSSS!!!!!!!
in all my years I never would have thought I'd see a black person put a pinch of salt on anything we don't even measure our seasonings
Z
I’m gonna say it...... Cream cheese, sour cream or blue cheese belong NOWHERE near buffalo chicken EDIT: OR RANCH
Definitely gotta make 4:08 ????
??
I love that calamari
Was that two hours or two minutes to cook the meat balls????
Directions unclear: Used real buffalo
Where are the buffaloes?
THAT IS A DUMPLING WRAPPER AT 5:03! How dare they! They aren't even wrapping them like wontons, nor are they putting it in soup, that is a dumpling through and through!
Y'all forgot the ingredients half way through...?
tasty i have to say i love the food it looks amazing but you guys cant edit for fucking shit can you?
I choked on my chicken curry
What buffalo sauce and hot sauce do you use in this video?
4:15 i cant see the
i am from buffalo....and i approve this message
Great food tutorial but I was confused by the title: very misleading, I was wondering if the video got mixed up as I couldn’t see any buffaloes
The 167 dislikes probably just missed the like button.
Outstanding!
Anyone else HATE blue cheese dressing??
am i the only one who thinks the "oh yes" at the end sounds like ashton kutcher in that 70s show
Hey, Tasty are we just suppose to guess the ingredients at 4:08 for Buffalo Chicken Sliders? lol please fix it
spicy
Deff going to be trying those buffalo meatballs
Could I put the chicken on low heat for 8 hours?
I never had buffalo food before :(
I love buffalos! YIP YIP
This is not fair....... I thought it was buffalo meat preparations...... But it was chicken......??????
I like buffalo...........meat
This is for me.
so much butter and cream and chicken and sauce and fat and *barfing sounds
they use way too much cheese
Please make the food microoven atlest some people have no oven i hope you will upload microoven recipes n easy :')
I have a horrible joke/pun/idk: did the shredded cheese go to the gym? because you know, it’s shredded? pls don’t sue me I’m only 12
1:55 WHAT THE HELL IS EVAPORATED MILK
Yak, am going to vomit
Not exactly a fan of Buffalo sauce, but I like the ideas you came up with in this video ^^
That calamari one is barely a buffalo recipe. Its just taking some fried calamari and dumking it into buffalo sauce.
???????? I’m too fat but I don’t care. I just don’t wanna have a heart attack
NO BUFFALOS WERE HARMED DURING THE VID
Wtf is there cream cheese on all of them
Could the wings be baked instead of fried also? Also how do we make the actual sauce?:P
I have just stumbled upon your channel. OMG you guys are awesome. Very easy to follow directions and very tasty recipes. Thanks from a busy guy
And can anyone tell me what is buffalo sauce?
I liked this video before I watched it
If I weren't so lazy, I would definitely try all of these ??
Great video!!
Actually, the term is Native Americans.
buffalo chicken wings was the first real food ever tried as a baby so I'm told. To this day anything Buffalo is my favorite hands down. Love this video????????????????
MAKE NO CALORIES SNACKS CHEESE CHALLENGE NEXT
My gosh, if it was me, I would be crying tears of joy eating that!
Fuck yeah I love buffalo
buffalo sauce = butter+hot sauce. u welcome ho
Red has never been more attractive
Wow
who else thought the calamari was wings lmfao
why the hell i still get your videos .. like , i'm not even subscribed anymore, let me lose my 3 kg ??????
If you love a buffalo why would you eat it
8 savory recipes for buffalo lovers...........*cream cheese is seen more than buffalo sauce in video*
Love your cooking so much
Do something on Indian cuisine....
good non of that vegan shit
I thought most of it was fine except for all the breaded chicken...blech real wings don't need breading, that's a southern US thing. Oh, and anyone who knows anything about wings? Ranch is gross unless it's on greens but even then it's gross (again, ranch is mainly a southern US thing). Blue cheese is the preferred dipping sauce of the north. Nice ideas for parties and some family dinners though.
No Buffaloes were harmed during the creation of this video
UMMM IT WAS IN ZOOM TASTY
Am I weird for hating ranch with a burning passion?
I don’t like spicy foods why am I here?
The music is jamming lol kinda hype me up super uplifting ????
Hey Americans what is this buffalo sauce? im from germany and never heard from it :(
Not judging but isn't it better to season before dressing the chicken in flour
I wish they had recipes for cookies and cream lovers cough not that I like cookies and cream cough or anything
Why is cream cheese in every video
I'm amazed no one came up with the calamari one before.
The best hot sauce to use is Frank's. It will give you the closes to real buffalo chicken wings.
Doctor: you have 7 minutes left to live. Me:
Why american always have to deeping everything in ranch?
That last recipe looked absolutely disgusting
Do totchos in 4 ways
buffalo chicken recipes are so darn good
Who else came here to see if they using actual buffalo meat
what is buffalo sauce?
Buffalo lovers? How about people from buffalo!
What kind of buffalo sauce do you use????
Tasty ur killing my plan on a 7 day vegan challenge
Buffalo makes me go dirrhea but it’s cool to watch anyways
????
4:07 is it just me or are the ingredients subtitles gone??
I absolutely love it when you dont put measurements -.-
can you move on to the full screen
Do recipes for BBQ lovers!!
The buffalo chicken sliders is zoomed in when i was watching it
I cannot understand what people's obsession is with putting cheese on meat. The thought alone disturbs me. Then again, I'm not allowed to have it because of my religion. But I'm happy about that. I'm gagging watching them put crap ton of cheese with the chicken.
Does buffalo sauce really from buffalo?
???
Savoury*
Way too zoomed in
The best recipes I’ve seen yet for my holiday Menu! Thanks, these recipes will be useful to me.
Tasty went off on this video! I'm hungry now!
Me at 3:35, " They are definitely going to freeze it, cut it up, then fry it." Tasty proceeds to do what I predicted. Me "I knew it..."
Why do you batter the wings??? Buffalo does not do that
I love your channel, I have your app, however there is a channel re-uploading your videos and taking the subs you should of had from the great work you guys have put in. The channel name: iDEAS
Calamari in buffalo Sauce... im out thats too much to handle
jw why do you use corn starch instead of flour?
But where's the buffalo?
It's great
Guys pls see #so yummy
But..where is the Buffalo?!????
Who isn’t a buffalo lovers but just like see tasty video
Whats the thing they use for dips? I never get the name
Can you guys please also check out 'sikia cooking' YouTube channel. It's a food channel that started recently. They have easy to make traditional recipes and taste delicious too?? it would mean if you check out the videos please?? thank you????
How to make the Buffalo Sauce ?
Fast like fedex
Tasty recipes are a lactose intolerant person's worst nightmare. Literally stuffed with cheese and dipped in cheese
What's a buffalo sauce? I've never seen anything like that where I live
is buffalo smashed and then mixed with seasonings to make buffalo sauce??
Is anyone like me here who watches these recipes everyday but never try them
Buzzfeed fucked up ??
They make mistake in the slow cooker recipe the first ingredients writings was down from the video u can see only little bit
Video for buffalo lovers no buffalo meat in vid??
When I clicked on the link it lead to a server error website
What is a buffalo sauce? Why do you use blue cheese? What is ranch?
Seasoning salt !!! Invest n seasoning salt !!!!!
pause at 7:05 you're welcome
I seriously hate these non-veg recipes ??
I'm not American so when I was younger I actually thought that these were made out of actual buffalos ??
Summary of Buffalo Wings: buy fried chicken, add buffalo sauce
This looks really amazing but I dont have buffalo sauce in my country ;-;
Why did I watch this before eating breakfast....??????
I dont like bleu cheese on my buffalo sauce
as a buffalo chicken obsessor, thank you
Hello. Please click, read more YA LIKE JAZZ?? PS THAT'S THE CLOSET EMOTIONAL TO A BEE I GOT
say no more
It's 2 am and I'm starving why am I watching this
Who eats all the tasty prepared foods?
I like the name totchos
It was already frozen @3:37 before they "froze." Looks like they forgot to film the before and looks like they made a couple of other mistakes reading the comments lolol
Looks like Tasty is starting to borrow some of Gordon Ramsay's camera man
Genius! best yet.
Fried ??
>sees buffalo in title > thinks of actual buffalo > clicks video > recipes with buffalo sauce instead > fml
I'm so hungry! ??????
the link in the description doesn't work for me
???? ??? ???????? ???? ??????? ?? ?????
Where the hell are the squid tentacles?! Those are the best part you heathens!
It looks like they don't add enough buffalo sauce ??
scrumptiously salty
still wasting good food...
my little brother just came up to me and asked "don't those wings look like bloody poop?" ????
Bad editing on the sliders recipe.
I live in Buffalo. That's it, no cool back story. But hey, all we usually have is the wings so cut me some slack ???? lol
I really thought this recipes are for buffalo meat as main ingredient.
Yeyeyeye strait outof 716
Somebody take her black card away
Why is this so satisfying?
love this video! these dishes are needed in my belly :)
*waits for Cruelty FREE Gains and his bots to start spamming crap in the comments section*
do they have unlimited supply of cheese?! ?????? cuz almost all of their recipes have cheese in it.
They should have used buffalo mozzarella cheese
The text gets cut off around the 4 minute mark
I think searing the meatballs first would just make it look better than sorta semi-boiled meatballs but that's just me and my weird squeamish self
When you're promised buffalo meat and the closest you get is beef.
anyone actually from buffalo or is it just me??
my sister got really frustrated about how many bowls you guys have used in this video and She yelled "stop cooking or use just less bowls" ??????
my sister got really frustrated about how many bowls you guys have used in this video and She yelled "stop cooking or use just less bowls" ??????
FOOTBALL SZN
Red bull gives you beeeeeeefaluuuuu
Buffalo lovers who haven't ever eaten any buffalo
Do people actually think Buffalo wings are made from the actual animal Buffalo because ummmmmmmm
HI
nothing toxic yet
Nice try tasty, there aren’t any buffalos in this whole video!
4:04 thats a nasty nail
4:05 what happened to the aspect ratio lmao
I got and add that should me how to cook chicken buffalo wings
Am I the only one who hasn't tasted buffalo sauce/wings? Edit: I'm Asian
BRING FORTH THE THANKSGIVING SPAM WE ARE WAITING!!!
That is so true
Wowza now I wish there was a buffalo sauce restaurant
Perfect for football tomorrow
They didn’t show what they mixed into the chicken for the sliders
What does buffalo sauce taste like? It's not really common here in Germany
I love anything involving buffalo sauce. This video makes me so happy
How to make buffalo sauce??
0:07 Gotta love tasty... only they can find a way to mix cream cheese and hot sauce
Or just take any recipe that has a sauce and replace it with buffalo sauce I guess
I think every comment has been used. Let’s take a look at the history! We used to have: -Fucking cruelty free gains and his vegan bots -Boneless -Not enough seasoning -You guys know the drill... -Self advertisement -WOW TASTY ANOTHER MONTAGE! -Lol fat American diet lol lol -(Famous users, like catalyst agar.io and more, pro slayer 1) -I can’t get this ingredient in my country -TASTY USES CREAM CHEESE (Or whatever common ingredient is used in tasty recipes) -This isn’t traditional, because... -This should be called ... traditionally -The OhOhYes scares me -People complaining about complainers, or complaining about vegan complainers -Ooh... (X:XX) was satisfying -Aww, the baby hands! -Eww, the baby hands! -(Insert other recipe creator) did a better version of this... -The music sucks -I like the music -(Lenny face, whatever copy and paste symbol you can find) _Food porn -I did the recipe and it sucked -I did the recipe and I loved it -It looks like... -Positive comments So guys! How did you like my going back into the history of this comment section? Edit 1: Oh fuck people actually liked this, I forgot a few more -David Seymour -My parents I thought I was watching porn when the Oh Yes Thank you to it’s me swirl, for the extra comments, although I might not be using them all (For the sake of time) -Diabetes -Open a restaurant -Unoriginal comment -Too much cheese -Call them Oreos
Fix edits at 4:05
Make this tots fries and I’m all for it
It's called squid not calamari it is only called calamari when fried.
Make these foods and get FREE Heart Burn! ?? Like if you agree
hummm tastyy!!!
Don't like buffalo but i love tasty soooo...
As always everything looks delicious
4:06 Oops fucked up your editing there, Tasty.
Am I the only one who hates Buffalo sauce and wings?
ya fucked up the last clip
First thing to be used is of course..... cheese
I trust them black hands to prepare foods than most
Can we do anything Halloween themed?
???? mildly hot for me.. Thumbs up for showing cooking tutorial... The presentation Professional chefs show how to.. My daughters carees with the good service industry has/is #upwordmobility For their careers to advance Beyond their thoughts within The time required... #congratulationstoall#chefs#susechef#waitstaff#waiter#waitresses
lame not even eating bop a lows
So yum in my tum
You messed the zoom up on the Buffalo Chicken Sliders part
Is this their first time using calamari? ??
Tasty has just been reposting these past couple days.. I didn’t believe it before, but they really ARE running out of ideas ????
Before 10 000 views
those buffalo meatballs look like they would have a lot of loose arm hair in them...
BUFFALO NY WHERE YOU AAAAAAATT
Hi..! I make videos too! Check out my 'eggless omlettes'
Just a bit more cheese
please make a video of a 2000 calorie meal prep for the low carb keto diet
Now THESE are what you make on game night (Football).
Ummmm it was in zoom Tasty
Early Squadddddd
FIRST LIKE
Editing stuffed up at 4:05 i think it was too zoomed in or the editor forgot to put text
in canada we had that thing called buffalo chicken poutine at mcDonald's and it was the best thing ever
fix your editing......................pls.
Can't see the slow cooker ingredients
When you just checked out tastys uploads while watching another video and youre early
Can i get one subscribers and I’ll subs back ??
Lol
Love the recipes, but the slow cooker part was too large to read the ingredients.
Buffalo Buffalo buffalo Buffalo Buffalo buffalo Buffalo Buffalo.
Buffalo? Kim Donghyun?
Make low calorie meals with no cheese challenge next
Too much cheese. ??
NOM NOM NOM
I know is buffalo sauce video, but... I want more cheese plz
#EarlyAFsquad
Since I will get lost in the sea of comments I'm allergic to buffalo (or at least bison) meat (true story)
Oh..I thought you meant the people who love the buffalos in football I'm just going to leave..
Before baking the buffalo ring , just freeze it for 1 hour so that it takes it shape properly while baking:)
If You're An Upcoming Artist Check Out My Page For Free Beats!??????
I don't have garlic what makes you think i have calamari
Make college budget recipes next. $20 for the whole week
Yaaaaaaaas
I haven't even watched it and I can tell this vid will be amazing ?? ?? Nice job Tasty ?? keep up the good work
Where the damn buffalo meat at?
129th person to watch
Why are buffalo wings called buffalo wings if buffaloes don't have wings?
8th haahahahahhah
Hello.
Wow im early
7th
Y E S
#earlysquad
I'm pretty sure I am first
First
First
Nice
Hello
first
Here
Hi