Im going to veganize this. Omg ?? i miss it
Love how all of your bowls and spoons are wood! No plastic! Awesome
Your videos are great... and you are tooooooo cute!!!??
Why wasn’t I born Filipino/a? Good food and good looks
You're cute! ??
Can I leave out that annatto powder? ?? I hate the bright red on the packaged tocino as well ??
Spoon and fork represent!
Delicious. I love this recipe. Thank you Jen for the recipe.
SATURDAY MORNINGS = ALWAYS LIT IN A FILIPINO HOUSEHOLD!! I LOVE that smell of garlic fried rice on a Saturday morning. That's when I know.... the eggs are fried, the tocino is out, my parents like to serve anchovies(dilis) alongside... breakfast is served!
Love the video. Will defntely do this.
tocino! love that fatty bits for sure it's like pork cocaine!!!
Wow lovely presentation loving it you makin sooooo hungry lol craving for one!!!
More of Jen's cooking! I want moooore!
3 days?!?! Huhuhu
Question, don't kill me for this. Is Philippines Hispanic/Latino and Asian, cause I see a lot of Spanish words?
Also, try putting the fried rice back in the pan where the tocino is cooked then mix it so the marinate will not go to waste. You're welcome????
Girl! Why are you cracking me up at 5:54am. I think I love you. Peace.
Such a cutie. U got a man?
Can you use pork belly?
We kinda steam/boil our tocino in little water and wait for it to fully evaporate then time for frying, that's how we cook our tocino homemade or store-bought, no matter what the packaging says.
AWESOME!! ??????????
sarap
I can't find annatto powder anywhere near me, is there a good substitute for it?
i s t a a a h p
No wonder there are so many overweight Filipino girls...
Only here for Jen
????????
TFW you really know its gonna be so good 5:46
I wonder if I could make a vegan version of this out of soy curls or seitan? Brotha trynna keep his cholesterol down, but wanna eat some tocino :(
Apparent she likes to eat.
This was posted on my birthday lmfaoo
I luv your personality
dont call this filipino bacon. not at all related to bacon
I LOVE TOCINO!!! EVERYTIME WE HAVE THAT IN THE HOUSE EVERY MORNING I'M EXCITED #PROUDFILIPINO
Jessica Soho is that you?
I hate fried eggs so can I try it with broccoli or something else instead, what other side could I have other than the egg?
These funny ass "gourmets" thinking that the crispy portion of an egg has no place in a "gourmet" meal. lolz
Wait. Hold up.. GARLIC rice! GARLIC RICE!! Where has that been all my life? YUM!
I don't even wanna know the recipe I'm watch coz she's so cute ????
so gooooooodd! i like your vids jen! make a separate channel please
Thanks for this! No more going back to packaged neon tocino!
I know cooking and food are exciting in their own, but watching Jen makes it extremely (if not more) exciting!!!
Omg I went to the Philippines & all I ate was Tocino
I wish the sinangag was a little browner. We sometimes fry the rice in the oil that was used for the tocino to get some of that flavor in there.
Love is love food is food -JEN 2018
Hahhahaha this bad ass bitch in town , love herrer
*clips hand*: “I’ve got yo back” yassss girlllll
She’s one of those people that I would want to befriend the second I meet her. She’s so cute and adorable ????
I like you!,... made me laugh.
New subbie. I love how you list the ingredients, yessss honey!!
With that much "ulam", I could eat 4 more of that garlic rice dome. YUM!!!
This girl can cook!
People should know by now that we have a sweet tooth here and I recommend not to eat that sweet ass spaghetti.
3:35 cringed
How long does this last in the fridge if i wanna store it
My favorite recipe so far! I know it’s authentic because this is exactly how my grandma makes it ??
JEN RULES!!! I WATCH JUST FOR HER!!
BACON!!! Need I say more...
She remind me of Mo'Nique
dis gon be leeet
You look like Ryzza Mae a girl actress in Philippines
My goodness, this looks absolutely amazing! I can’t wait to try it!!!
This is not bacon at all, THIS IS FILIPINO HAM.
i love you already ;-)
There are only two things I crave when I'm stressed and or sad.. rice and fucking tocino ????????
Can you make the OG leche flan please!??
My new crush ???????? love humorous women??
Im gonna try this at home. Thanks girl!
why do i love her so much btw
the 89 dislikes are from chefs who throw away eggs with crispy edges
Is that red powder only for color? Can I make this without that?
And spicy vinegar omg. Thanks no more store bought for me
I love this Video but... TOCINO is not Filipino BACON.
My childhood.
That glass at the beginning is from ikea
I love her personality. Such a vibrant person. Def subscribing to her channel.
You are such a joy to watch! Subbed. ?
Dam! Tocino! ????????????
Whats her real youtube channel?
Will be trying this recipe for sure i love how it's not complicated at all and u basically have all the ingredients available.
When took the egg and put it on top of the rice. Haha, pinoy na pinoy!
I love the chef. She made me feel that food is nothing to fear of. #treatyourself
You dont eat with your hands?
Is it only me or do you guys think that Tocino is NOT! A kind of bacon -_- Tho i like Tocino sooooo much... maybe thats why i was so shocked hahahahaha
I love it, but that’s away too much for breakfast for me
“Love is love, food is food” ??????
Almost 1Million!
Holy crap, that’s amazing!
PABORITO KO YAN
In my family, we usually cut the tocino slices into smaller bits right before cooking them, that way you get more of that crispy caramelized bits! yum!!
You're just adorable and this looks delicious!
I never heard tocino described as filipino bacon before. Interesting
This host is off the hook. Now, I want to watch her other videos. Good job!
Tocino is not Filipino Bacon!
So good! My favorite tocino ??
Kinda burnt but still poppin' ??
I love this!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!??????????
Shes so funny it makes the video so much more homely ??
Dat diabetes.
there’s no vegetable on her plate :(
Go girl!
Looks great!
Tried this exact recipe and it’s salty rather than sweet. So I suggest to add only 1 tbsp of salt cuz the soy sauce is already salty & add more brown sugar.
Ang sarap filipino ako ??
Legit all natural marinade! I'm going to make some for this weekend.
I love watching you cook. Its so ??
You're awesome ???
that sunny attitude <3
Did you cook the egg before the rice becuase the eggs can be served with this dish cold or it was just the order you cooked for filming?
Sana makatikim ako ng luto nila Jen at Erwan someday!! Parang ang sarap sarap!!!! ??????
Mmmm, Filipino bacon! Hellmuthaflippin y... 3 days :( ..... ok. that breakfast looks real good!
Jen is really such an attractive person. I'm really glad i just found this channel and met her. <3
YASSSSSSSS JEN I LOVE YOU ???
ooooooo that was sooo wow. I wanna try this
Great recipe.
Padagdagan po ng bawang next time.????????
You're like a breath of sunshine?? Ang ganda mo!
She be like "Don't label food. Love is love. Food is food." Yes basically my life right here
You sound so therapeutic Jen :)
Tocino is pork shoulder not pork belly so it isn't bacon
tocino is not even close to bacon. theure totally different. please be accurate
Jen you're amazing I love you!! ??
This made me subscribed
looks so yummy
Can I use real bacon? I would love to try this!!!!
we cook tocino with water then wait until the water evaporates and then the fat will melt then caramelize the tocino then we put rice to it
I've been ruined by pre-made, refrigerator-section, corn syrup tocino and have therefore hated it for a long time. Now this is what I'm talking about. I knew tocino wasn't always a gross hunk of pink mystery meat, and that a real version must exist.??
Dyang ??
im dying huhuhu i personally love tocino with a bit of spicy vinegar!!! <3
Delish ????????
Move over pop tarts?????? love ittt
Marination... favorite new word!
My wife and I LOVE tocino. She usually cooks it in a lot of fat, but I like how you cook it with none. Is your tocino that tender because you use pineapple juice? I use apple, because I don't like how pineapple makes meat mushy, especially after 3-5 days. P.S. We also cook the eggs last, so they stay warm, and the tocino first. The tocino can rest in a warm oven while everything else is cooked.
I LOVE HER
subscribed because of jen i love the way she cooks yas go gurl!!! ????
I like the recipe because the process tocino have SALITRE
Ito ay soooooobrang masarap! <3
Nagutom ako ??
The way you embrace foods makes me love u so much
You are fun to watch. More videos!!!!
I love that you cook Filipino food and emphasize that it is Filipino.
Tocino is love. Tocino is life.
I love your cooking and I love your gestures ahaha
I just tried my tocino this morning.. It's delicious! Kind of like longganisa . . .
Your videos are so good and so is your food.keep it up??
Such a nice personality and easy to follow recipe! I am going to try this soon and hope I can find the red powder ingredient at my local H-Mart. That fried rice sounds delicious! =3
good job!
yummy
im watching thiis in the middle of the night and im STARVINGGGGGGGGGGGGG!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
the expressions that you make are so funny XD. It's looked so good, my stomach was making noises throughout the whole video.
If you freeze the meat should you let it thaw, or just put it straight on the pan?
??
I tried this recipe and it was successful. The hubby's fam loved it. FYI they are not Filipino. Thank you for the recipe!
Ayy this is a good Tocino. I didn't use any coloring, so mine looks a bit boring, but the taste is so amazing. Thanks!
I love you and love your videos. I have been watching quite a few before hitting the subscribe button. Sorry. But, your recipes are easy to follow and very yummy! Love.love.love. just subscribed.
Tocino is tocino baco is bacon.. it's different the one is sweet the bacon is salty
You represent the Filipinos so well! You're vibrant, funny, and your recipes area so spot on!
Wow, I see you know how to eat good, putting one thing on top of another and mixing it, that's how I roll, too, and a nice pile of that wonderful tocino. That looks so good!
Do you have to add the red powder
Is the annatto powder a must? If so, is there a substitute for it?
I fucking love her
This brought a tear ?? to my eye... keep up the good eats!!
What are your thoughts on using pork belly?
Love it love it you put a smile on my face. First time I see your video.
Is there any substitution for annatto powder since there's no annatto powder in my area
I LOVE YOU you are my new YouTube best friend ????
I love mine with salted tomatoes
Yesss I'm Filipino! Kamusta kayo???
yummmmmmm
That look good
I feel like Filipino cuisine and I have a connection but there isn't a Filipino restaurant in my town ???? I can't wait to go to The Philippines, I even watch shows and soap operas. I just love the country ??
Hmmmm, I miss my lola's cooking. Idk when can I visit back in PH.
What is the actual recipe with the actual measurements for each ingredient? I want to make sure that it isn’t too much salty or whatever.
I love you Jen
Where have you been my entire life???
Do you need the annoto powder? If so where could you find it?
Tocino , Tapas and Longanisa the holy trinity of filipino breakfast meats ^^
Yummmmmmm ????????????????
TOC SI LOG!!!!!
My grandma would make this for me every few weekends! She's back home in the Philippines, and I miss her so much. :( I'm going to make this and cry
This makes me sad...Im allergic to pineapple and it looks good ?
Omfg that looks freakin killer I want for breakfast lunch and dinner
My dad has a recipe of tocino which tastes so good to be real.
that looks soooooo delish!!
YASSSS TOCINO ??????
Jen please come spend the night with me & make me some bacon ?? ????
You are promoting animal cruelty and participating in it. A very bad karma will come to you, health problems and much worse gonna happen to you
She reminds me of Leslie Jones from Ghostbusters
Guys she is very u healthy - it's not cute or funny
i love tocino !
Yumm! Love the funky background music! What's the title?
Whenever my mom cooks this, my favorite part is the blackened pieces!!!
Talk about an F.O. (Food Orgasm)
Yeah it's not a burnt egg, we just want it crispehhhh! Lol
I'm lovin Jen ahah
Oh my Ga This looks amazing
I'm Fillipino and I'm so proud of this but I cook it different
"Don't label love, food is food" I love this ????????
Omg im so glad i food this recipe! Im moving to a place where I can't find Filipino food. Thank You! This is one of my favorites.
I LOVE YOU!
I like her. Badass but still funny. Also Tocino for life!
I love Jen she is so fun to watch cook and actually researches things
Hello (: did you cut the pork yourself or did you buy it that way? I've never seen it sliced like that on the shelves in the grocery stores where I am, but I would LOVE to try this recipe and anything that makes it easier would be great!!!
Hello (: did you cut the pork yourself or did you buy it that way? I've never seen it sliced like that on the shelves in the grocery stores where I am, but I would LOVE to try this recipe and anything that makes it easier would be great!!!
The fancy way
IVE GOT YOUR BACK- ooo honey slay meee
Love it yummy ...where buy wood of spoon n folk?
if she once of my sister, i will hug her everyday and bagging her to cook for me everyday ??
To all my pinoys- I thought pushing the food into the spoon with the fork is normal- apparently, my non-Filipino friends do it...
tocino means bacon in Spanish too c:
Oh my god!!! You made me crave for tocino!!!!
Garlic rice yaaaaz!
Tocino is anything but bacon. Its pork cured with sugar. More like a heavily glazed and pan fried Christmas ham. Tagalog often gets lost in translation due to lack of awareness that a much more similar food or recipe actually exist.
Jen is so adorable! ??????
Masarap!
Her reaction was amazing lmfao, definitely trying this!! :)
I'm going to make this for my husband for his birthday. He loves bacon!
sorry but nothing replaces bacon.
Move over pop tarts! lol
"Staaaaaaaap JUST staaaaaap" Staaaaap= stop Just so you know
Where did you get that dress? Love it!!
"Da pancy way"
I wish I was Filipino ??
woah, tocino literally means bacon in Spanish!!
we filipinos all make it the same way....pancy??
i love the way you do it and your presentation.....like it goodjob im hungry now.. lol??
SARAP!!! (yummy)
Can you make tap si log please!
That looks hella good.
I remember tocilog but tapsilog is my favorite ??
You can also cook the tocino first then cook the fried rice on the oil you used from cooking the tocino.
Oh yas girl! Food id food ???
Can I atsuete powder instead of nato powder?? Or is that the same??
When you took a bite of your tocilog, I got soooo jealous!! Tocino is my favorite breakfast meat, and I can't wait to try your recipe. Thank you!
Made this today. Turned out perfect. Was just as delicious as the store bought packaged stuff, if not better. Plus was not that weird neon red color and ya know what's going into it. Thanks Jen.
What I don't understand is how people can give a cooking video a thumbs down? Who doesn't like Jen??? I enjoy her presentations each time I see her, not to mention she's my favourite on Tastemade. You keep doing your thing Jen! Oh & your set is great!
I tried this recipe and its SOOOOOOOOOOSOOSSOSOO GOOD OMG thank you ate jen <3
You are awesome!
Tocino is my life blood
Miss Jen can you give me the exact measurements of your Tocino Mixture....huhuhu...I'm already tired of buying tocino in the grocery, we know that their selling tocino products with preservatives so it could last long....huhuhu
GURL....yes
this is so fucking good
U so fucking beautiful
Because of this yummy recipe you gain a subscriber in me.
Does she have her own channel? love her instantly
i love you!!!! #nohomo
I like how she made the tocino color natural. The packaged tocino ones look like someone picked meat and painted bright red on it ??
damnnn looks good
3:30 literally made my life
Its not "Filipino" bacon. Its "Spanish" bacon. Thats a fact...
Definitely my proudest fap.
You are too fab, thank you for this recipe!
Same with my Mom's recipe sans the annatto powder. Very traditional, not like those dishes who pretends to filipino food.
Love your sass. Don't mind them party poopers can't please em all. You do you gorl. /Shout-out from the motherland
Love this chick and her style! So gorgeous!!
Uuuuggh why did I watch this at almost 5 in the morninnngggg...... I misssss Filipino food so much
looks good!! I think it's forgetting one thing, slice tomato's. The way my mom serves it ??.
i cried watching her eat that ??
"don't let anybody tell you that it's burnt" i started crying tears of joy; my pinoy heart just needed to heart that ???? salamat for this tosilog!!! ??????
Jen you're so funny, I like your personality, it makes this video even more of a joy to watch!
I love this with spiced suka!!
tocino is food crack
I love Jen!
love ur videos...huge fan
"Don't label food." Amen Jen ??
"Saturday mornings, I knew it was gonna be LIT" KILLED ME ??????
Hungry RN. Ohhh lawd Jesus tocino!!!!
Hi Jen, just wanted to know I can make this with Chicken as well?
Love watching you! You are so funny and your recipes look amazing! Definitely going to try this one!
one of my favorite filipino food !TOCINO! ??????
I'm a Filipino and I'm proud to have this dish??????ayyee
unf that plate looked so sexy
at least a day old. mapapanis ang kanin. hehe
can I do this with chicken?
Jen is honestly my favorite ??????
needs some atsara. my favorate pairing with tocino though is tuyo or daing or salted egg/tomato salsa. the salty and sweet combination is perfect. with atsara you get the sour too. ugh now I miss this so much.
your making my mouth drool! ??
Love your personality ????
I think shes cute
i love u hahahaha ghaddd I'm so hungry ryt now
love her she is great
I LOVE that attitude!
I feel like she needs her own youtube channel! She's so fun to watch! :DDD
OMG! I love your channel
tastewise i would say tapa /tapsilog is closer to bacon but I'm thankful to learn about cooking tocino from scratch.
finally a decent filipino recipe video??? also girl u gotta make a daing video too
can you use other meat than pork?
I want you to cook for me all the time it is so sexy!
you're cool :) I like the character. its not boring and worth watching :)
Bigla kong nagutom ahaha
yum!
I ? you!! ??
Tocino is not Filipino bacon. There is no Filipino bacon. I don't think we even smoke meats. But, whatever.
I thought you were the bacon from the thumbnail.
she made me feel like I've been truly missing out on life. I'm up in the a.m. now trying to find some place that makes this. I don't have 3 days.
Love is Love, Food is my life 250 worth of food every 3 days
Waid you did add salt on the egg right???
I always cook this in the opposite order. Tocino first, then the sinangag (garlic fried rice) and egg last. That way, the tocino doesn't burn my tongue. The sinangag absorbs the leftover juices and the runny egg yolk is nice and warm. ????????????
I am soooo happy I found you!!! You have a wonderful personality that is highly enjoyable to watch! I'm half Filipino and enjoy cooking, but sadly I don't have any recipes of my moms favorite dishes (nor can I say them ??), however, I will make this very soon!! Salamat! ????
Just call it as it is, Tocino.
R-E-S-P-E-K!! lol. I'll be making a pork butt run this weekend because of you. Oh, and by the way, you have TV Chef level personality. You need a show!
Great recipe but I myself would use butter or margarine with the sinangag or garlic rice. Also, adding a little vinegar to the marinade would tenderize the meat more and give it a little tang
HELLO JEN I LOVE YOUR RECIPE TUTORIAL I HAVE SUBSCRBED TO YOU I DO LOVE FILIPINO FOOD MY NEPHEW GIRLFRIEND IS FILIPINO SHE GORGEOUS I LOVE HER AND I DO LOVE FILIPINO FOOD SENDING YOU A HUGE WARM SMILE ALWAYS YUMMY OH OH RECIPE LOL HEHE XOXO PLEASE DO SEND ME YOUR NOTIFICATIONS IF I DON'T COMMENT KNOW THAT I LOVE THEM ALL FROM ME TO YOU JEN ALWAYS BULA VINAKA FROM "THERESE"XOXO "THE PRINCESS OF FIJI " XOXO "TAVUYA VILLAGE FIJI ISLANDS XOXO "GOOGLE SEARCH YOU WILL SEE MY VILLAGE""THANKYOU"XOXO
Hello! Very good your channel… And your video too!! Congratulations! It deserves every success! Your culture and language enchant me! When you have time, visit my channel !! Please!! Thanks! Success! Hugs. DG Tudo
you're the best food person I've ever seen on YouTube! love how you arent condescending but also say a lot of helpful things. great vid!
Awesome ?? I will definitely make this breakfast soon! Thanks for sharing. Yummy ??.????
Hey Jen! I'm gonna try this! Loved how the tocino got caramelized after searing?? And yes...the crispy edges on the eggs are the best part. Quick tidbit to all the followers: If you don't eat pork, you can also substitute the protein w/ boneless & skinless chicken thighs. It'll be moist and flavorful????
Oh my goodness you are so adorable ??????
Using your spoon as a knife, the Filipino way
Omg!!! You're so cute and funny! I love tocino!
You're ma fave jen
It took me just less than a minute to subscribe at your channel! Delicious recipe! I am going to do this! Thank you!
I was skeptical about this video at first. But damn. Between her and Akis I feel like I could open a damn restaurant
I love you for this! It's hard to find good tocino in here! ??
My family cooks the tocino first and we use the drippings to make the fried rice. We fight over the rice ??
Jen do you have your own channel? I'd like to subscribe to it as well! Keep slaying gurl~
liiiiiitttt
Yesssssss!!!!!!!!!!!!
What a great looking recipe and brilliant hostess!
favorite filipino breakfast of all time.
oh... this girl is so beautiful, fun n cute. subbing to her channel now! n making this shit ASAP
Subscribed! Thank you for being so adorable and awesome!!! <3
Tocino is great but it can be overwhelmingly very sweet. Sometimes the texture can be turn off for me it can be like eating chewy candied meat. I prefer longanisa for a breakfast meat.
yasss ate Jen repping the Philippines
I hate you so much no Wonder i can never lose weight!! I really have to try this
This the best episode no one can tell me otherwise
hehehe...love it
Love your personality!
i love you Jen! so nice to see filipino foods on your channel
First time watching! I was drooling ?? before you started cooking ?? ??
Girl you're awesome, keep up the quality content!
thank you for the delicious recipe!
Tocino!!! One of the best dishes to eat for lunch in the Philippines!!
Subscribed! Good job making it to 859K subscription. I suppose you're a Filipino Channel. That's why I feel proud for you. Can you guys make vegetarian stuffs? Vegetarian here. ---From Lipa, Batangas
accidentally watched this video and now i know the recipe for tocino! thank you!! now i'll sub!
No tocino is not bacon, liempo is, anatomically and culinary, please don't call tocino as bacon it is not proper
OMG. It's just my first time watching her and I love her already. Love the attitude girl.???
I fell in love with you the moment I saw your humor! ???
Yo guys, if you decide to make this a second time (yes, you have to make it at least twice lol) cook the garlic rice after the tocino on the same pan. The remaining tocino juices mixed in the rice is just ??????
This dumbass people I'm the comment section who's making the "Filipino bacon" label a big thing are the worst. You guys needs to grow up (or go back to school maybe). She's calling it a "Filipino bacon" because it is a Filipino substitute for bacon...or the closest breakfast food to bacon. duh
i just wanna follow Jen!
Great job Ate Jen! ??????
"you want them to stay another night?...." instantly fell in love with you... subscribed!
you're so cute! this recipe is very simple, and I love how natural and accessible the ingredients are. I'm gonna try this soon!
im ready for breakfast now
this looks so good! thanks for introducing me to something new
nakaka gutom!
so pretty?? loved it
TOCINO IS NOT BACON YOU FIL-AMS!!!!!!! NOBODY USES FOOD COLORING FOR TOCINO!!!!!!!!! WHAT THE FUCK IS THIS STUPID PRETENTIOUS BULLSHIT!!!!!
Chill guys, tocino as filipino bacon is just an analogy. C'mon!
I heart u jen
Never trust a skinny chef...
filipino bacon? LOL! Don't make things up!
I would die for tocino ??
Yeah right Jen, don't label food. Tocino is Ticino not filipino bacon.
???????? great vid. ??
Filipino bacon? I'm Filipino and I never thought of Tocino as bacon. lol
I love me some Tocino and some Jen. Not just too cute, but THREE cute!
Damn. Just damn ????????
Jen is sooooooo funny and I'm absolutely in love with her personality!!! ??
This girl knows how to make her american boyfriend impressed..
yas! will do this next... been craving filipino food
you know your fil enough when you eat this with vinegar on those tocinos and banana ketchup on those eggs.
LOVE her already!! I wanna have tocino now tho haha
100% legit...! TOCILOG...! ????
Heyyyyyy, when Jen makes it and eats it, I know it's delicious ????
i love tocino. thanks!!!??????
I don't care anymore about those tocinos cos I know they'll be great anyways, but yow, where did you get those wooden utensils? I wanna have one. hahaha
marination? that's a new one.
thiz iz how you teach a foreigner how to eat pinoy bfast! theyll love it!
Hei, I really like the recipe. However I was wondering if the pineapple juice could be replaced by another kind as I am allergic to pineapple :(
Yummy ??
i love youuuuu
saw this vid under my recommended section & i'm so glad i clicked on it ! jen , you're so cute ! my fam & i love tocino , but we've never tried making it from scratch . def gonna try this ! thank you so much !
where is the suka with siling labuyo and garlic??
miss thaaaaang... you just earned another follower honey...shantay you stay...
you're so cute. ???
YOUR REACTIONHAHAHAAH ????
lots of sugar and salt oh honey.
you are just on the perfect amount of funny and cute, I luv yah =)
don't believe skinny chef...??????
Jen's videos made me subscribe to this channel. Keep the Filipino foods coming!
a little bit of salt? that was too much..
Holy crap, Ryza Mae is so grown up now! lol jk. Love her recipes, keep slayin girl!
Is she Thai?
(kababayan) looking forward to cook it..been watching ms.jen in facebook before..
Omg that looks sooo good!
Sarap! 1 new sub here, thank you for showcasing one of our best weapon hak hak :)
because I am Filipino. And because of that Tocino ( my Fav)... I will su bscribe ;)... Nice Humor too...
a true filipino breakfast is nothing without rice. yum.
love her sass
MY MOUTH IS WATERING
Love ya Chef Jen!! I can't wait to try out your receipes! So excited!
I am happy to see filipino recipe here in tastemade thank you for sharing it to others ?? tocino really taste good also pair it with vinegar so good!
Ah, I hope you make tapsilog as well, Jen! I prefer these savory breakfast foods instead of cereal. This tocino recipe is pretty dope; I always just buy them ready to cook. :D
Looks great, needed some greenery on there though. Maybe cilantro or chives...
My favorite thing my mom used to cook!!!
I love your video! I want to try this recipe. Thank you for this video. ?? i like your humor as well ??????
Omg, first off, your personality is fantastic and you are adorbs. Secondly, I must have this food in my belly. Thank you for sharing! <3
She does unnecessary talking, I think. Trying too hard to be funny.
I think your Tocino looks and tastes way better than the pre-made ones that we buy haha. :D
this is good Times for real
oh my goooood, just looking at that food got me fucked ??????
2:43 Love is Love..... food is food AMEN GURL AMEN
Hi Jen! I hope you make tapsilog, porkchopsilog and liemposilog too!
wait, is Jen filipino?
GO SISIG NAMAN NEXT GURL
I'm glad you didn't make this recipe a lie :D (cough looking at you red velvet cake / tandoori/tikka chicken)
I love you so much jen!! Such a big fan ??
do I really need the anato powder? would it taste different without it? thanks!
Not bacon, more like ham. Kapampangans even promote their local brand with the caption "tastes like ham".
Plz do a mini pancakes video in tiny kitchen. It would make my day :)
FYI: Tocino has no Pepper.. :D Pineapple Juice or Chunks is the best flavoring for tocino
I'm vegetarian, but still going to try the fried rice :)...And Jen? You are gorgeous!
That face says it all. pure foodie bliss.
To-si-log Tocino Sinangag(garlic fried rice) Itlog(egg) That's the meaning of it. ??
Could you just come hang out with my husband and I in Saginaw, MI. You could stay with us? And teach us different dishes to make! Please.... :^] Also, you look GORGEOUS.
Jenn, the other Jenn here! I can't eat eggs, so is there something else I could use instead? I see so many recipes with an egg on top. Ideas please? Thank you Love! Jenn ?? (the other less talented one, lol)
This reminds me so much of my mothers cooking. Great video, thanks
when Jen says she's got my back, i believe it!
Tocino is one of the specialties of Pampanga, the Culinary Capital of Philippines. I am from Pampanga and, trust me, we got this. We do.
Filipino garlic rice is divine. When I first had it I almost cried.
naaawww I love your cooking!
"Jen my life really sucks.." THEN JUST EAT IT.
...Jen....how do I find your channel?
that wooden spoon and fork tho
tocino is life....I love to eat tocino with ketchup or vinegar...
Thanks Jen for making this vid! Can you make a video on pork sisig? I've tried it once in the Philippines and another time in Brooklyn, but the best one in my opinion is Mama Fina's in NJ and they use only pork belly. I think that dish is another great version of Filipino bacon.
Excited just cause it's Jen ??
love your romancing with Filipino dishes!
You are again, more filipino than me Jen!
HILARIOUS, I was craving this and telling my mom how I wish we had some. BTW Jen, there's a Tocino Spam now. :)
Perfection on a plate, yum!
Jen is love, Jen is life.
yasss jennnnn yasss<3
I only like tastemade because of Jen ??
team jen!??
She has a great personality
i love filipino breakfast! always gotta have some vinegar to dip the sweet tocino / longanisa in. definitely wanna try this out. i've only ever had the processed kind.
Definitely gonna make this!! Love me some tocino <3
This was MESMERIZING!
I never heard of this, but believe me I'm gonna have to try it out and thanks for sharing!????????????
what about to use paprika instead of that red colouring ? is that good idea ?
masarap
Tocisilog I'm happy for you... but Tapsilog is life!!
YESSSSSSSSS!!!!!!
I wish I could smell this!! I'll have to try it!
belly
soooo good! Filipinos love their meat SWEET!
How bout tapsilog?? : )
Hell yeah! Tosilog! Definitely a favorite.
dude!.. that looks so bomb
longanesa>tocino all day
Ive always eaten the packaged kind ??
fried rice is good to cook in d same pan where u used to cook tocino..
Forget the tocino, I almost drowned in her eyes!
Jen, your filipino recipes are my favorite! I bet a vegetarian version of this with tofu could work, obviously wouldn't have the flavor from the pork though.
I love this giiiirl haha her laugh ??
mmmmm ??
lol was offended when in Masterchef they were throwing out the eggs with crispy edges. Those crispy edges are my fave!
I fell in love with Jen. Food recipe presentation all of it my taste buds and the kitchen calling for some cooking make me love it even more.
holy ish... my mum literally cooked that this morning ??
F*** Yea Tocino!
Yes! Tocino. Love tosilog! Glad to see Filipino food featured on this channel with my favorite funny adorable chef Jen! She even represented with the fork and spoon! ??????
Jen where do you shop for your outfits?? love your clothes girl!! ??
Tocino is life! ??
people need to try this.. I swear it is amazing. ??
Tocino is my FAVE.
Your amazing