Who would win in the Guy Fieri vs Bobby Flay cage match?
here we see the difference between lawful good and chaotic evil
10:13: hhhaahh hooohhh hhhhhhhh
thIs AInT iT chiEf
"ThAt'S iT"
Please keep this series going chief
3:54 Joji looks so disappointed.
when i saw 2160p i nutted
Why did my gf leave me :(
Imma keep it real wich you chief
3:14 Gorengan, Top Must-Try Street Foods in Indonesia
RAT CHEF was on my recommendations ??
I feel like this is what Crazy Rich Asians is really about
I fucking love octopus but not live
Bring back jojivlogs ??
I love them and this series is da best
i love rich brian even more because he listened to tyler, the creator
New to these, but I fuckin love em! Lol
When joji cooks, its like pink guy possesses his fucking body.
They should make a hair cake
Octopus is delicious.
Imagine Rich Brian on a Filthy Frank video.
WE NEED JERMAIN LAMAR COLEE
Make vomit takoyaki
Ajak niki please
wow i love this program... keep it going..!!
This is a good anime.
8:36 Got me ??
10:22 lmfao this be me ????????????
partyisntover/campfire/bimmer
hahaha that j cole i fuck with, pay him to not show up
Damn this series made me realize how much I wanna meet these guys. Really fuckin chill dudes
Last time joji made these, chin chin came out of nowhere looking for sacrifices
When Joji is hungover af and doesn't wanna do anything XD
Holy shit he still has hair this was pre-recorded a long time ago XD
those guys have to fucking expand their motherfuckin vocabulary and not use the word "like" million times in every goddamn sentence. this shit is pissing me off
Hell yeah! Takoyaki is the shit. By far my favorite food I had on my Japanese exchange trip (other than Korean bbq tbh)
Can Joji please let Papa Franku finish the lore. The amount of chromosomes blasting off without purpose in the omniverses is unacceptable!
This is the best episode so far
4:50 does anybody understand this
Do rendang please..
briaaaannn you supposed to fill it to the brim, flip it half cooked then add another batter. that's why you end up with half circle
Bromance Level 100000000000000000000000000000*
Brian go to prom with me :’))) hahaha I have the fattest crush on u ;-; >.<
As much as I love these guys and enjoy the concept of the show, I'm not really looking forward to the rest this since it feels scripted a little and awkward tones
10:18 - 10:22 Darth Vader?
Dat belly button inside jokes ??
Your dick... wait no your belly button??
Filthy
these dudes are fucking disgusting to even look at, much more so when they are eating, and then they have the personality of dishwater with an IQ of 3 split between the two.
that im dumb at 7:05 is me
i wish joji and rich brian will look at me the way rich brian looks at joji <3 4:44
is no one going to mention the filthy frank voice that joji uses on the second introduction
I proud of rich brian and joji is best
4:51 they called chief, yall know what he said...
they're so bro-y its kinda lame. they just act so lax and indifferent about everything. its boring to listen to them talk about stuff.
Can I kick it at the Feast Mansion with Joji and Brian?
Why would you say welcome to the feast mansion 4 times?
had to rewind to see if joji actually had shades on the whole time
In the hospital she gon’ be screaming my name In grave she gon’ be screamin my name In the wheelchair she gon’ be my name
thicc joji is the best thing ever
on the dick
I rather watch joji rap abt making takoyaki ( filthy frank)
You guys need Red Dick on there to show you how to make that toilet sriracha shrimp boy, that sriracha shrimp, that sriracha shrimp boy.
My name is chef To Joji
(eats hair cake) Gives the burger one a thumbs down
i still luv u papa franku
I saw an NPR article that I’m pretty sure stole the idea to conserve meat by eating insects
Will it takoyaki? Let’s talk about that
First time I’ve seen joji not throwing food while wearing a pink suit
Frank...... :"
9:26 Filty Frank tries to come back
Tired of reading filthy frank comments on every video, let him do what he wants.
Love theeeeeeeem
They are both so cute!!!
“Throw money at problems”
lmao they're the cutest stoner best friends <3
it makes me sad that every time joji jokes around and realizes he's channeling one of his characters like pink guy or frank he kinda just falls back and tries to act normal ):
That Joji Guy seems funny, he should make a channel
I thought He quit YouTube
That octopus about as dead as both they music careers
Joji is literally me when it comes to cooking
I dont care about your satanic, illuminati, ritual, human feast mansion.
that girl is crazy. does she just have a jacket on? ive seen he likes of her before. she really just doesnt learn.
oh no hes trying to say some cheese
oh. here we go. the fat ash is up in der
Everytime Joji says "welcome to the feast mansion" in the 'Pink Guy' voice i cry a little bit ;(
Jojis made takoyaki before...
I knew they were gonna make this
This is so much better than when they have chefs around
Don't eat dragon flies coz dragon flies bite Indonesian kids Belly button ... , I'm telling you guys ..., don't , or you'll wet your bed ???????????????? Oh btw Brian could You try to cook Kue Cubit or lemper ?!?
I love watching them
Wouldn't it be fun if they cooked a CAKE like in the good old days ?
You should summon Red Dick
Joji is either high hung over or drunk
Kasih capung biar lu ga ngompol
“Throw money at problems” - joji 2018
count how many times rich brian says like
No ravioli?
Damn first Max, now Joji. Everyone's gaining weight lol.
I'm starting to think this party is never actually going to happen
10:15-10:25 me and my last brain cell in the kitchen at 3 am high af eating pizza rolls
takoyaki god! I cant help but wish joji would do some of the old funny culinary stuff. Even if its just a random thing once or twice a year. Something for the long time fans of your more comedy oriented content would be so cool.
i wish someone looked at me the way that brian looked at joji 4:44 - 5:03
Motherfucker, you've made a music video with cooking Takoyaki. You can cook it
someone might be a little bit LIT in this.
Pretty sure joji is high in this episode lol
I love Joji ?.?
Wtf does he mean by letting a dragonfly bite your dick?
who even diss person.
Can they just make out already?
no C A L C I U M when growing up
The next one is just another warhol spinoff. They eat cheeseburgers.
3:36
I just realize that he's really into sunglasses. He almost wear it on every interview ?? Or maybe he's just want to hide his big eyes bcs some people keep mock him ??
Joji is hillarious
I need more episodes of this fuck
ok best series on youtube hands down
4:03 Fly floating in water? Mmmmm ^_^
lay the effin dragonfly on your belly button! not on your "little brother"! and its not an effin myth BRIAN... what are you talking about...
3:58 joji was not amused lmao
Is he still friends with Idubzz or maxmoefoe?
can i habe a hamburger pls?
Guy Fieri = the best meme cook
Two Asian people introducing Asian food in fluent English is the next generation
I feel bad for that no calcium grownup old lady :(
What is the song played at the end ???
Its kinda easy man really
Who is joji and what have he done to filthy Frank?
i swear to god if joji doesnt have at least one episode without the sunnies i will-
I swear I've seen joji cooking octopus balls back in his Frank days, and what's all this shit about not enjoying cooking he used to right raps about cooking and perform them while cooking, I guess people change but I'm having a hard time coming to grips
Where's the rap?
no joke. i laugh when joji say octopus ball.
Rich Brian is really annoying to see, he mimics and looks for acceptance at every moment.
9:20 dat laugh xDddd
The way brian tells story about indonesia ???? look like he’s so proud being Indonesian ?????? People need to stop assuming that he’s forget about indo ???? #proud
Joji: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zKnE98Wk2lM
"that aint it"
Can u make ep 5 is so good pls
Welcome to the rice fields mothafu- wait
Do you know chef?
Semangat trs bang
Rat Chef
10:10 why the fuck did it sound like they were trying to have sex with their parents across the hall trying to sleep????
Good try, guys! Hrmmm, takoyaki might be a new item on my list to try and make.
Pink guy knows how to cook takoyaki He had this video "Pink guy cooks takoyaki and raps" So why hire a cater if you have the expert in hand?
First of all they are so damn precious both of them and second of all I learned to throw money at problems ??
The duo we don't deserve
Brian can cook
Damn the nutella ones and burger looked pretty good and im vegetarian ahha
they should make cake, I feel like joji has some exprience with that
underwhelming show no cap
Make the nutrients for me Joji .
Good to know Frank is still cooking, what a rat of a chef
Just let it bite ur dick XD
RIP papa franku
LMFAO THEM BREATHING IN BECAUSE IT WAS HOT
i love when joji laughs i’m so happy yay
This shit is hard to watch being a huge filthy frank fan really sad I feel like this is super awkward and forced It’s what he wants tho I guess
I would like to write the subtitles for this, can i?
of course joji got bored, bryan need to watch filthyfrank's cooking video
Best episode so far. Easy.
????????????
Is there going to be no more?
i saw lechon
lets bring the old bastard out NYEEEEEEEEEEEES
"Wait... not your dick... your bellybutton" WHAT!? LOL
Where are the rice balls?
Imma keep it real with you chief that ain’t it
10:35 id?
I miss you Frank :'(
This is beautiful
thank you for delivering this unto us in this holy year of the lord and please make as many as you can shit has everyone dying UwU
Fill them holes btches
my favorite 88 rising bois and joji is one of my fav youtuber's!
Joji the only reason I watch this is because of frank but you really should come back.z
Is it me or has Jojo been wearing sun glasses for every feast mantion episofe
Oops I thought this was tentacle hentai
Are they sponsored by guess and stripes?
Aye baws cen u not eat proper healthy food pls..eat some pusi pls
This is the most lit cooking show ever.
Cooking is not fun I agree
Welcome to the rice field bitch
Hamburger pls
All I know is joji is hot as hell. I love his personality
1:24 8:36 9:26 10:15 damn frank we see you
Rich Brian is doing the food 100%
I fucking love these guys their laughs man
4:51 subtitles por favor
How to be 10 pounds heavier by the end of the day
I've loved every episode
7:57 I think something in joji's soul want to get out
Joji is laughing, that's cute
4:55 that damned smile remind me of something like kyuubi on naruto soul
GET OUT FRANKU WE MISS YOU
Guy Fieri gonna bring that [FLAVOR TOWN].
I feel like next episode is gonna be asmr mukbang
stop with that cooking bullshit and go write some songs that i can cry for you japshit!!!1!
Getting a blowjob with a dragonfly
Rich brian is actually really good at cooking. His attention to detail. Joji is like nah balls to the wall.
Ball$
i don't know like dragonfly
Is it rats?
Joji cooks bombass teriyaki chicken lmao
From belly button to a dick, that's a big small difference! I'm just saying.
Welcome TO THE RICE FIELDS MOTHERFUCKER
I see takoyaki, I click
This is really pissing me off when most of the people here are complaining about how Joji has become. People change if you haven’t obviously noticed. He quit his channel for a year or so now grow up and get over it. If you miss the guy that much then just re-watch his fuckin’ old videos.
“Imma keep it real w ya chief That ain’t it”
4:50 ahhhh frank is back
Now that you guys officially made GMM 2 (Rhett and Link 3), Joji should be on GMM right this instance or else!
Wtf! I thought this was suppose to be a cooking show? What is this some sort of a Rhett and Link 3 now?!?!?
Whats the outro song?
8:29 RAT CHEF!
Imagine being jumped by joji and rich brian and all of a sudden you hear them say "take that niggas tastebuds"
so cool man
Joji , are you know smell of jengkol ?? ?
Wait , ur hair
Ok.....so....does joji have hair or???? Bc I’m in confusion
I’m keep it real wit u chief DIS AINT IT
Why they always got super soakers in the fuckin intro
Im from indonesia and i've never heard of the dragonfly biting your dick thing
Jojis voice is so deep how can he make his voice so high fir so long in the filthy frank channel
Frank where have you been
Food and Joji in the same title? What could go wrong
First you pour the battery, then include the invertebrae, leave it for a couple minutes, spin it like bayblades.
joji doesnt even hang with idubbbz or anything for views anymore, i hate that he only does music now.
You got it all wrong, where’s the dead rats?
Why is George soooo bad at cooking?!? I always though he could do shit like that. ??
Careful Joji, with that facial hair coming in, Filthy Frank is trying to tunnel his way back out of your soul to make a come back
i would trust joji with my broken heart but not with my kitchen
8:28 takes me back to flavor town
Please upload frank!!
Dude, like like like
Indonesia Food Pls
Best cooking show in the history of cooking show. Period
Summer been over for a min....
Some wise words I once heard from a guy in pink; That's why I'm making all these octopus balls Cuz yall need to grow your own Come and tickle my tentacles and tell me that I'm weak I got ink and some balls I said balls like fucking twice but I gotta emphasise on my testicle size I meant tentacle size whoops First you pour the batter then include the invertebrate Leave it for a couple minutes spin it like beyblades Then you eat some fresh balls Then you eat some fresh balls Then you eat some fresh balls homie Then you eat some fresh balls homie
Even tho Brian's looked better we all know who has the real cooking skills ????
9:25 HE'S FIGHTING IT
i kud see they synergy perfect
Rich Brian : welcome to the feast mansion Joji : welcome to the feast mansion Rich Brian : welcome to the feast mansion Frank : welcome to the feast mansion
Stop talk The filthy frank show, And look joji. I dont like lost this.
BIG PORES
asians girls have no ass but they still cute af tho, see you soon asia!!
Bro please tell me brian has heard pink season
can u guys make gado gado
Joji be making them glasses iconicc
Theres a lil bit of filthy frank in there
Lemme guess, takoyaki
rich brians mass gainer works
throw money at problems - joji 2018
10:15 Pink Guy tries to Repossess Again
Just remember this wasnt th first time papa made takoyaki https://youtu.be/zKnE98Wk2lM
This ain’t it chief slsjsksksk
Octo Balls
8:30 I'm taking you to flavortown I'm taking ya, I'm taking ya to flavortown I'm taking you to flavortown I'm taking you to flavortown I'm taking you to flavortown I'm taking you to flavortown I'm taking you to flavortown Oh let me lick your brisket And take you and take you to flavortown Oh!, let me lick your brisket baby Let me take you to flavortown Let me take you to flavortown Oh let me take ya, oh let me take you to flavortown
Joji needs to rap while he cooks! That's what's missing!
Bring back Chigga!!!
Holy shit, is Sean a peacelord? Is this how Franku is paying off his chromosome debt?!
Is that Joji's favorite pants?
1:26 LYF HAX Oooh YEARH
Franskspect
Best episode by far
ANYONE SEE THOSE INDOMIES
The flashbacks should’ve been to rat chef and hair cake
Is no one going to talk about Brian's mistake about dragonfly myth?
We’ve come full circle with the octopus balls
Feel like Joji just fucks it all up just for jokes ??
rich brian?????????!!
Joji is alive
Is this gunna be their last episode? :(
We’re making s’mores by the campFIRE!! ??????
I love this show so much like oof
9:55 THE SUNGLASSES IN A FAKE FRANK REFERENCE WTF
Boss this Is really gay
Isnt that the guy from rat chef lmao
These people are a shame to their parents
Why is Francis of Filth a sad Emo Gay Cunt now?
Jojis cooking career peaked at hair cake
Jojis laugh i love it ????
Getting mad Filthy Frank vibes from this video
That Joji guy looka lika FilthyFrank
Jojiii sini aku kasih makan makanan indonesia aku jago masak lohhhhhh
my fav series on youtube. shane dawson who???
papa franku
Whats the song at 10 42
Cutie babies
2:12 "All kinds of balls that we can have is good."
Well I still wanna try to make it .
If I say this verse is fuckin' wack then I'd be lying, I'm goin' platinum, but you're mama shoulda gone latex, I'm crying Cuz you're tryin' way to fuckin' hard to be what I am, So give it a break and sit the fuck down. Now it's pink in the flesh and I ain't talkin' 'bout vaginas, if you wanna sniff a line o' cocainer up in this diner and pop a molly or stupid shit, Reflect on usin' it, but use it again to make sure you're not used to it.
jOJi HaS hAiR??!?
10:22 pink guy tries to come out
RAT CHEF WILL BE PROUD
I was laying in bed trying to get her to sleep and i was watching this. She of course had to watch too and she said she really liked this and was upset when i told her there was only like 4 videos of this haha.
Fake frank on the thumbnail
I am not sure if this is a generational thing, but I do not understand this content. The guests appear to have a lot of patience and produce some great food. I am not here to spread hate, but this is not the content for me...
every video he is in frank tries to come out hopefully one day he can make videos again
i was waiting for a hair cake with idubbz and maxmoefoe
Are they smacked?????cuz i am & they gotta be the way they acting??
What does octopus taste like I want to try it but looks nasty
* muchdank has entered the chat *
Still making a living out of dead animals I see
I’m so fkn in love with Joji wtf
I never want this show to endddd
it's funny how joji just fucks up all the food and Brian is just like, this is easy i'm great at this lol
Crazy Rich Funny Asians :)
joji's trying so hard to be funny and don't look like filthy frank here.
Now first we feast is all about joji
"Throw money at problems" -Joji I aint got any money though
“I gotta be real with you chief” omfg
This is it chief, this is the format we love.
1:23 all i thought of was Dumplings
i want more of joji and rich
best one yet
?????!!^_^
bro these dudes are fucking dope
I hear Franku @1:23
Unleash papafranku plz
Imma keep it real with you cheif, this is it
Joji makes brian speak bahasa pleaseeee
Joji is the best cook wtf
It's missing pube hair
i love this fuckin show
5:38 PLEASE WHAT SONG/INSTRUMENTAL IS THIS !!!???
i will never get tired of this duo
6:59 that's 11 Am sir.
9:25 Filthy frank is still in there!!!
This video makes me want to chew water .
We need Joji’s dumplings
one guy fieri punch
1:23 also trying to let out his inner frank
Ravioli in the pocket-oli!!!
Brian looks like a sophomore in college, how old is he?
just remembering the good old rat chef , mmmmhhhh good old tortilla rat ,with a lil bit of favorite hot souce
My favourite gay couple on the platform back at it again
watching this 4am in the morning makes me hungry, or does it
can this be a regular show? that would be awesome
I know I’m not the only that’s happy seeing Papa Frank make these videos.
totally down for balls
Where is red dick? He can cook not frank'u.
I be chillin eating rice balls ere day
88?
it’s so much better when it’s just them joking around with eachother
This is literally the japanese answer to æbleskiver
Joji for Japanese President
Rat ramen
I can't separate joji from frank
Joji knows something about street food ??
WHAT HAPPENED TO FAMILY RECIPE b0ss
holyshit this is entertaining as fuck HAHA
The 4th installment in the human cake seriea
This video reminds me of this one https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zKnE98Wk2lM
Better as Filthy Frank
1:10
Akward
KANGEN BRIAN ADA DI INDOOOOO!!!!
My dude is lucky joji didnt shave his head into the food and eat it.
Just throwing this out there but it would totally watch a cop show with them. Their Chemistry is just that good.
I just got my vr headset, but I did the whole porn thing. I'm tryna watch this like I'm there. How I do dat
"cooking is not fun" the filthyfrankshow clearly gave him ptsd cooking all that fucked up shit lmao
Joji is chaotic evil when it comes to cooking
Omfg I can't wait for them to come to Denver I wish it was next week already ??????
I centered the mellow over the gram, heated it too long now it melted over my hand. Fuck it. I bite it. I burnt it but I like it. Camping with my niggas it’s so fucking exciting
That is franku sama!!!
BEST SERIES
I only know Tako-yaki from onepiece
Panas anjir jangan di makan langsung
He still got a littke frank in him.
10:15 We can see franku and pink guy trying to escape Joji's Body
Come on papa franku you lived in japan and can’t make takoyaki
Ooof I was trying so hard to not burst out laughing (in class when we are reading) when joji said " what if we took his seance of tast"
Needs more shock collars.
Just wanna let you know I stopped the video from playing and will not watch it BECAUSE you didnt include max and idubbbz
I love em sooooo muuuchchxhxhcc
That cheeseburger is bothering me so much. I don't know why.
That 0 calcium gesture killed me hahahahahhahaha
that straight shade at j cole with the withdraw right after lmaoooooo
I just love seeing famous people try to cook. Some of them seem entirely incompetent.
1:24 ricefield intensifies
You Just take an dragonfly and let it just bite your fucking dick Rich Brian 2018
1:24 can someone ask joji to go even higher like “Ayyy welcum to the feast mansion b0ss”
LMAO why is he always acting like he never done shit before.. he ate Pewdiepies ass hair baked in a cake he made with his friends.. nigga better stop fakin shit??????
cmon now joji. you've done this before
That's why I'm making all these octopus balls Cuz yall need to grow your own Come and tickle my tentacles and tell me that I'm weak I got ink and some balls I said balls like fucking twice but I gotta emphasise on my testicle size I meant tentacle size whoops First you pour the batter then include the invertebrate Leave it for a couple minutes spin it like Beyblades Then you eat some fresh balls Then you eat some fresh balls Then you eat some fresh balls homie Then you eat some fresh balls homie If you know this I love u
Wait didn't Joji get a buzz? Wtf?
Can you add subtitles please ??
I still miss you so fucking much
1:24 I smell some filth
all this time i thought kewpie is read as cue-pie not cue-pee. wtf joji
how high were they when filming this XD
This is the modern day epic meal time.
Does Joji only own one chain?
damn, filthy frank looks wierd in this omniverse.
Indonesia mana suaranya........
eh so indonesian
Kalo ngompol mulu tuh di gigit capung udelnya biar berenti
These guys are high as fuck
I would love to be an 88rising assistant! Hmu!!!
4:40
Joji is only famous bc of filthy Frank and is his music is mediocre at best and will take him nowhere don't @ me.
MORE JOJI AND RICH BRIAN
Isi in subtitle indonesia dong
Joji is cute af
5:49 Is that a reference to Rat Chef? "Frank, what is this?" ????
greetings from your homeland Rich Brian!
i missed joji
Could we get a “like” counted please?
This entire video is hilarious, the zero calcium joke, the cheeseburger takoyaki, the breathing to cool down the food, and everything in between.
LIKE
MAZUI!!!
Tentacle Hentai
joji, just call him. the guy with a pink suit. nah, jk. i like u as a guy who made 2 legends in a life.
I NEED MORE EPISODES! PLS MORE JOJI AND RICH <3
2:05 pink guy flashbacks
I love these!!!
Iya bang iya....
Do you want my mom's recipes joji?
The sad thing is that you can see filthy frank breaking through during this episode.
16TN likes.. Is that to reflect the amount of times the word "like" is said in the video?
" WELCOME TO THE RICE FIELD MFUCKER !!! "
Why not cook the rats?
Still the same boio
Please change the show. This could be great. But a rented mansion isn’t a great concept.
Luv this series
Anyone remember pink guy make takoyaki and rap??
@10:20 this was me last night ahahaha
The legend.
so this is wear filthyfrank went....
You guys need to get Eminem on here
I can still feel filthy frank in joji when he says ball or calcium
Should have let joji make some cigarette Ash infused rice balls
If i said this episode was whack then i'd be lying
but. his hair?
Joji??
wait is papabless gonna be here?
Never have takoyaki for breakfast
Happy birthday R.B. U truly are a RAP GOD. duh
Papa franku
WELCOME TO THE FEAST MANSION ??
“Octopus balls” Dig my grave cuz i died
im waiting for the toilet sriracha shrimp episode
PINK GUY COOKS TAKOYAKI AND RAPS
I miss hair cake
I wish I could go to a party like that I would smoke everyone up there
This is what we need.
They cooked it too long on one side that probably why is was not looking too hot
no hair in it, 0/10
1:33 im already hungry af looking at that burger. GG BOIS
apalah dayaku nonton ini tapi makannya indomie wkwkwkwk
WHERE IS RED DICK !!!?
Makes me want to make octopus takoyaki muffins, so I don't have to worry about vibrating them. QP/Eel glaze on top. Fuck that octopus looks amazing. mmmmmm
that ain’t it
The real reason that Joji is wearing sunglasses in this video is because it’s actually the Fake Frank as the real Filthy Frank is filming a new video. It all makes sense now!
an invite chef just cuts their chemistry changes the mood they have to be like little more respectful
they should make an episode where they speak in their mother tongue and have subtitles
12:00 on a half assed cooking video... worth nothing????
Joji obviously wants to leave Filthy Frank in the past, but people still comment shit like "Oh, he's still got a little Pink Guy in him" and shit like that. It's pretty annoying tbh, he doesn't want to be associated with that anymore, so just leave it out.
We need russian subs
Magic soundeffect ? Brian saying "Oh shit lol" saying is a true combo.
this was boring af and lame
they ate each others balls no homo
Mans ate a hair cake I don’t think a lot of things could be that disgusting to him
I stg these two are the cutest ydkucbifhnvffjbffh
It is clear as day that Joji is where the peace lords banished Franku
wait wheres the dead rats?
Pink guy is the best cook in the omniverse.
Oof
10:18 close your fuckin eyes, listen, and picture something in your mind
9:54 Me showing my parents my failure in life
Di udel pak di taro nya bukan di t*t*t ??????????
This video is fake. Stop supporting this garbage . This is the real one https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zKnE98Wk2lM
Love seeing Joji doing what he loves, Brian's a pretty cool guy as well
Isn't his hair short now
JOJI getting chubby hahah
Everytime joji takes a bite im Expecting him to let out an: "OoooooOOOOOooooooOooooOoOOoOOOOhhhhhhhHHHH"
In the Indonesian version kick a dick is called (STATER)
sunat makanya biar ga dijijilin capung ke titit
More Joji And Rich Brian please
From my place boys let dragon flies bite their bellybuttons in order to swim Thats just dumb lol
Joji pretending he doesn't know how to make takoyaki is major troll pewdiepie voice "epic style"
I didn’t notice either ?????? that he had sun glasses on LOL ??
9:40 give me da sauccce bousss
Hey... Pinkguy.., is that you..??
when rich brian said "cooking is fun" I was expecting a flashback of joji in a pink suit cooking ramen while rapping...
this is old..
man this just looks like 2 friends goofing off... where is my show so i can do that lol
Hairy cake
From hairy cake to Fairy cake
What mistake they have. 1. After you put the topping,add another batter. 2. Dont let it cook all the way,flip it then let it cook all the way. 3. Let is cool pls. You will take your taste but for hour.
Just gonna leave this here, for old times sake. 'https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zKnE98Wk2lM'
Do Ravioli next video
Joji is getting jealous of Rich Brian’s cooking.
Brian the type of dude to call curb stomping a street food
Should have got pink guy to cook sum dumplings
Joji you’re halfassing all of the cooking and wonder why yours turns out shitty.
Whats the backround music at 10:32 ?
'that aint it' with the cutest laugh by joji is the best thing ive heard in a while
Wait... i thought he just got a new haircut?
looked fire
1:09
Had me at octopus ?
STOP MAEKING STUPID PEEPOLES FAMIS
Could've gotten pink guy in to do it, that guy can cook octopus balls. Got video proof ??
Hm... makin me hungry
this series just makes me miss papa franku more
Inner pinkguy came out when he sprayed that batter
Mmm sucking on takoyaki balls
1:09 who is that girl??
i think joji need wife
Have you seen chef?
Please make siracha shrimp
FILTHY FRANK IS ALIVE
These dudes are like Drake and Josh??
Where does Joji get his accent from?
They are so high lol
It was the only reasonable way to end this. Let's throw money at the problem, they've learned the American Way.
joji cant take the filthyfrank ptsd no longer
10:12 is the peak of the show.
Joji's food is always messy, I wonder why...
Welcome to the filth mansion
7:24 Don't apologize for your true feelings Joji. You're right.
I kept seeing the name "Joji" in videos.. Finally clicked on one.. Realized Joji is FilthyFrank.. WTF lol
not dick bryan,. it on your belly,.
these two should really start there own cooking channel.
Lmao that shade to jcole was hilarious
wow quality content
Okay. Joji. Actually start tryin man.
why does joji look like netflix daredevil
If J. Cole shows up I’d misplace my shit
So good !! Keep just Joji and Brian, and let em cook themselves, they just have to train a lil bit and I’ll be lit !!
If I said this verse was fucking whack then I'd be lying You said you're going platinum but your momma should have gone latex I'm crying
"Throw some money on your problems"
Dont stop this series PLEASE
3:53 I didn't know brian actually know that myth lmaooo
Where can I get joji’s t-shirt its fire ??
Takoyaki looks pretty damn good... I've tried Octopus sashimi, and loved it...
"you get a dragon fly and let it bite your dick" Oh fuck I chocked on my BLT ??
take this show on the road! At least in different areas in LA
Gibe de takoyaki b0ss
From human cake to this
I just get 10 pound just by watching this video
This is the best episode yet. By faaar
how come joji's hair grew so fast?!
Awesome vid.
this is my favorite series on youtube.
Did Pink Guy was in the intro
You guys should make some vegan lasagna
Clicking into the video made me think filthy frank was back??
Pleaseu givva me da takoyaki baus
I think Brian is my only fav Indonesian rapper
Feeling some Filthy Frank vibes in this video...
Joji needs to stop wearing his sunglasses indoors
I think we know Sean's favorite guests
This is what filthy frank has come to
This was by far the funniest one so far
They must be protected at all costs
??
dude eat the burger
Frank's coming back inventibly. Joji can't resist
Just summon pink guy and make him make some dumplings already.....
Subbed for Joji and Brian ??
Joji when you coming to vegas???
These have been really great. Guests or without! You guys put out awesome content!
Does anyone else find this series cringy?
How did he not notice the sun glasses? they're on every episode
I supported you everytime. I will support you as always. Love from Turkey! ??
I came for the Franku I got the Franku minus the voice
A chicken pot pie one would be dope.
Why TF does Joji look like hes never slept for a second his entire life?
"Throw money at problems." -Joji #quotesforlife
This show is fucking golden
Insert your bitching/complaints of people who reference FilthyFrank here
I wish they had Japanese restaurants here in my town. Yummy.
1.30 pink guyyy
What the fuck Is this? Iuuggg human cake its better
Haircake
someone actually had a budget for this crap...
Looked at thumbnail Thought frank was back Am sad now
"cooking is not fun" hair cake vomit cake human cake
Okay for the last 'welcome to the feast mansion' is that franku
I Can Smell The Sweet Scent Of Animal Cruelty Even From Here
88rising is really rising.
Where is Sean Evans
These are so fun
CAPUNG DI TITIT
Essa porra deve ser mto boa Pqp
Ore wa.....
9:17 I'm howling
i’m sorry but seeing joji and takoyaki together again makes me happy
Ratatouille Flashbacks
fuck j cole
First your pour the batter, then include the invertebrate. Leave it for a couple minutes; spin it like bayblades. Then you eat some fresh balls
The song about Smores by tyler is the partyisn'tover/campfire/bimmer specifically campfire really good song 10/10.
Lmao wtf I thought joji knew what he was doing with takoyaki
Oh hell yeah rich brian knows my homie tyler broo
11:08 WuT TraCk iT IS omg that's so perfect
DIDNT FILTHY FRANK DO THIS
For some reason. I just don't trust Joji @ all. I think he would serve you cat food & crackers as an appetizer truthfully.... He would say it's some kind of SPECIAL EXOTIC FOOD IN HIS HOME COUNTRY OR SOME CRAP LIKE THAT!! Don't y'all agree with me.
chigga bring too much indonesia in his mouth
What? No vomit cake?
Hair cake.
YOU BOTH AND THIS SHITTY INDUSTRY ARE CUNTS
Joji saying ‘let your nuts hang’ gives me life
Joji and Rich brian perfect duo!! Hit me up if you wanna be a trio boys!!
Idk if it's just me but I really enjoyed it with just joji and brian
pink guy cooks takoyaki and rap
This is literally will it takoyaki with Asian Rhett and link aka joji and Brian ????
$uicideboy$ for Hot Ones!
Gimme de takoyaki boss
Now I’m fuckin hungry
That aint it cheif
10:18 That smile, that damned smile..
ITS FILTHY FRANK MOTHER FUCKER, ITS FILTHY FRANK BITCH!! Let's get some pussy tonight....!
Are they brothers? Is Joji "Joji Brian" or just Joji?
Wow his hair grew (sarcasm)
2:06 when chin chin takes almost all the chromosomes you have
* exhales*
They should call Red Dick to teach em cook..
hell ya
all of the episodes so far have been awkward, but this one was especially awkward.
brian talking about guy fieri made me remember when joji dressed up as guy fieri in multiple videos lmaoo
Brian is like 10 years younger than Joji but he is like a wise sage in comparison (joji ur still cool it’s ok)
1:58 I am glad too see nothing has changed from you hahaha
Looks amazing! Would be great munchie food to haha. Thanks guys, much love and respect.
Why not have Red Dick (not in character) on for an episode?
PINK GUY COOKS TAKOYAKI AND RAPS :D
From time to time, we can see glimpses of papa franku and I’m living for it
#pressfforfranku
Jojis sense of humor is ICONIC
10/10 Acting Skills
Ravioli ravioli what’s in the pocketoli
Can i habe your posey pls
When Brian talk about that dragonfly things thats true and i'm not argue about that in our nation
7:46 WTF why is Rich explaining to Joji how to make the balls.. like, Joji made a SONG about octopus balls in the past as Pink Guy.. This is sum bs..
hawwwwhhhhhhhhhh hawhawhhhh hawwweeewwhhhhhh "it's good"
Try filipino foods ????
Joji is such as messy virgo I wanna see them and Jenna Marbles have a cook off
9:26 aww it’s like he knew people were gonna bring up FF references so he stopped
Please please please
Please go back to your filthy Frank videos
The thumbnail looked like a Filthy Frank video with fake Frank. Is Joji really fake Frank??
wow!
he’s made this before in that pink guy rap
I'm not, I'm DUMB <3
"Are you considering the camera angle and stuff? I'm not. I'm.... dumb." lol joji
If I said this verse was fuckin Wack then I’d be lying
Okay why the fuck couldn’t the whole season be like this?
these r the best
????
Why is joji so attractive?
These two knobs again? Still can’t believe FWF gave them a show. So much cringe.
Look it this face joji he pink guy??
tmw you're Japanese but you Indonesian friend is better at cooking Japanese food than you.
Please let there be an edit of 10:12-10:29 of just their breathing. A 10 minute video of that sweet sweet ASMR
brian is more gentle than i thought and it makes him cuter
"Throw money at problems."
Filthy frank was a michelin star chef
that ain't it cheif
ughh everything you guys make or taste, looks so good. And I'm just sitting here getting hives thinking about my seafood allergy. D: Why does life continue to fuck me, while I'm voluntarily celibate.
I've seen better acting in pornos.
LMFAAAO
I miss filthy frank ??????
"like i get it we're in america and shit but nobody's gonna wanna eat this shit"
This is so fucking hard to watch, please George.. send Joji back to Realm: Monoxide 12
I miss joji's hair
really see some filthy frank in this episode
The funnys episods
After all those cooking raps joji still sucks at cooking lmao
Love this takoyaki episode
Don’t try and hide it that my nigga frank
something tells me joji cant cook but he can eat a coochie
So much pink stuff in thid vid ??
This nigga made rat quesadilla, rat noodle soup, and fucking baby rat churros and served it to a midget and dipped
If I said this verse was fucking wack then I'd be lying You said you're going platinum but your momma shoulda gone latex,I'm crying
The true takoyaki experience is nearly incinerating your mouth when you eat the first one hahaha
Take a shot everytime they say "like" youll die of alcohol poisoning
All that laughing?? Im definitely dropping a like
"That ain't it" -joji.
Trap dumpling
These guys cant cook for shit, this guy in a pink morphsuit does it better, heres the tutoriial ya plebs /watch?v=zKnE98Wk2lM
excuse my english but fuck your deep voices lol
4:51
Had to be Asians eating anything that walks.
watching thos helped me remember one of my fav childhood films from the early 90's(although it came out '89) Little Nemo: Adventures in Slumberland
Joji, the ultimate ex boyfriend material
Frank would’ve made rats
9:18 lmfaooo that awkward evil idea you have with your bff and makes you laugh
Why are two morons that have never been in a kitchen doing a cooking bit?
Imagine One Punch Man, but instead it was Guy Fieri. That’s my dream anime.
How high are these dudes
someone should inform Rich Ferengi that money fixes teeth lol
This better be more than 10 eps and there better be a season 2
i just camed by pants
Have found my reason to live.
They will never see this but I love youuuu this show is great
why octopus... lol
This is the type of stuff you click off from Pornhub for.
These are pretty good to watch while waiting for more Hot Ones videos.
Can Joji not move for like ONE second
Imma keep it real with u chief... T H I S A I N T IT
First you pour the batter then include the invertebrate, leave it for a couple minutes spin it like beyblades
Joji is my favorite person. No beef on Brian, he's cool.
Chopped > Guy's Grocery Games
This channel has been taken over by Joji and Rich, which I'm okay with
Isnt this what Tobi ate while with Deidara
Lmao, that toy gun is from the dollar store. (I believe)
I've been listening to so much joji ever since these videos started coming out
Joji acting like we aint see him make Takoyaki for music videos b4 boi please
Yo, fuck guests. I want to watch these meme gods fuck around ALLDAY
I mean if he can cook rat and rice balls he can cook anything
Who is that guy with the striped shirt he looks like Joji
I think joji cook this himself otgerwise theywould shoutout the cook
Before JOJI got a hair cut
Joji cooking like pink guy
THIS IS FRIGGEN CRAZY....BRIAN HAS THE SAME BIRTHDAY AS MOI MOM nd...JOJIS BIRTHDAY IS THREE DAYS AWAY FROM MOI BIRTHDAY????
What does chigga say at 4:51
I miss Frank.
Insert move on from filthyfrank comment
I'ma keep it real with you chief, (chokes) this ain't it.
Papa Franku Cooking Show !
88rising ??????
We miss you Frank
Can we not be forced to experience these morons again? I guess you need to be a millennial to not want to punch them both in the face.
Why is Joji always wearing glasses?
10:25 ???
If I watch this I’ll be cheating on action Bronson he’s my artist / chef idol and this is not nearly as entertaining
I swear rich brian's favorite word is shit
Tims potato chips for the win ! Kettle second best
I feel like Brian tries to be good but Joji just doesn't give a fuck ??
Ima keep it real with you chief
Im enjoying this feast mansion cause baby joji is here uwu
all i can think of is pink guying cooking
Like if joji and Brian should drop a collab album
My Indonesian ass was about to scold the heck out of Brian when he talked about the 'myth' and said you let the dragonfly bite your d. Thank god he corrected it.
oH WAIT NOT YOUR DICK YOUR BELLY BUTTON
Let ya nuts hang
He used to be Rich CHIGGA ?!?!?
No rats, no ravioli. No likes
I know its bad, but I'm here just to see FF references
Your hair
Lol
Im soo hungry
THAT AIN'T IT CHIEF
Wait a minute, haven't Joji done this before?
We stan a money saving shistar
Of course Joji can make Takoyaki.
Takoyaki really should be as popular as like a hotdog street vendor, it is in japan and it is honestly like one of the worlds best street foods ????
The best of rat chef
Hhahah
Let ya nuts H A N G
Whenever I see Takoyaki I’m reminded of the Pink Guy song
In case any of u guys were wondering what Tyler, The Creator song Rich Brian was talking about its Campfire/Partyisntover/Bimmer
Do not like these guys at all
This is the first time I've seen Brian without a guess shirt on one of these
This was my favorite episode so far of this show. I like them by themselves
I'LL TAKE YOU FLAVORTOWN
yo just came across this series and i hope it never ends! i love me some joji! rich brian and joji mesh so well! keep this shit coming!
I love how awkward this show is. Its great
Nice
Pero joji no se habia cortado todo el pelo? Xd
frank is doing some filthy shit
i've seen enough hentai to know where this is going.
HOW TF do you mix up dick and belly button
Bobby Flay def look like the typa dude who's into taekwondo
Nice
This is the closest we’ll get to Filthy Frank
got ink and some balls
i love how joji looks like a model in the thumbnail
0:35 BRO WTF! You made a CAREER out of making cooking fun!
Failed Kamikaze pilots can't cook
Joji is so funny he should just start podcasts
"That aint it" Laughing "That aint it" Laughing and clapping "That aint it" Almost crying fuckin killed me
Is joji nose crooked?
Hate to be this commenter but getting mad pink guy/Frank vibes from this
"S1 - E4" When this is over there better be a season 2 in the future!
There's a part of them just straight breathing keep it up franku
"Nobody is going to want to eat this shit" yup
I appreciate Joji's no fucks given cooking style.
Should’ve brought Mr.Negi gen 3
Should’ve brought Mr.Negi gen 3
Can you tell George to at least start making JojiVlogs again?
Papa frankuuuuuu
They must be on something. Why are they laughing so much?
Sean Evens is a goat
He should get red dick to cook for them
A chef losing his sense of taste is the ultimate irony and that actually happened to one the top in the world. Grant Achatz of Alinea in Chicago lost his taste to mouth cancer. Fortunately he got it back.
Gotta pay J Cole not to go ????
When your dick is so small you confuse it with your belly button.
I love it. It’s like the teacher just left the classroom so they can just screw around
"You down for that?" "I'm down, yeah." "You don't look down." "I-I'm down." "Alright :D" I love these two.
Omfg I’m so happy I’m moving back to Japan this year. I missed having Takoyaki at festivals and stuff.
Omfg they are so funny together ???? I couldn’t stop laughing ??
Will! It! Taboyaki?!
4:41
This is obnoxious ass hell. Sick of this hip hop food hipster scene.
Lol
These guys deserve their own show
These dudes are the most fucking hilarious people. (Right, this is papa franku)
I swear if he shouts I’m cookin all the dumplings
PINK GUY RAPS AND COOKS TAKOYAKI
honestly joji and brian seem like really fun people to just chill with
Rat burrito next pls
Joji is baked as shit
are bonito fish big?
Wow joji your hair grows so fast!
Gorengan you know?? Indonesian food ??
How did he grow his hair back so fast or was it pre recorded
kings
The interaction at 4:45 is killin me
Yo I want to watch the takoyaki master at work.
7:24 lmao the shade
Love those balls man they look good
"wait not your dick your belly button" -Rich Brian, 2018
Takoyaki Rap was some fire bars from Franku back in the day
No Thanks!
I love watching you both cook. I waited for more videos. Yosh!
Welcome to the rice fields motherfucka
these 2 are fuckin' idiots
5:47 favorite part??
Woahhhhh, where this come from????????
we need a hair cake reunion
everytime the “We’ll be right back” part shows up, it fucking kills me
Joji was a good hair cake maker
7:04 “I’m re- r- r-, dumb”
Just what mY literally just saw them in concert yesterday ass needed ????
How is hair grow back???????????????????????????????????
Joji is fucking daddy.
Red dick laughing at their cooking skills probably
rapping while making squid balls
Pink Guy cooks Takoyaki and raps
clicked on this hoping it was octopus balls lol
This ain’t it chief, not the cheeseburgers
“Cooking is not fun” -man who made a large amount of his fame rapping about cooking.
I could watch these two all day.
That delay until they realise how hot the takoyaki is
Brian needs to stop playing. We all know that boy can cook
anyone gonna tell me the names of the hot Asian chicks in the cutscenes like 1:28
this is my favorite episode
Cooking with joji channel.
“she’s some old lady... she had like zero calcium growing up.. *laughing*”
why can't joji stop moving lol
Favorite new series on YouTube
Is it just me or does anyone hear the beginning beat to the soon-to-be-published Wanted U by Joji?
You guys cant just end this show this is my life now and if it leaves cuz they aren't celebrating in the mansion anymore ima bea upset????
Joji out here jugglin everything he touches
I think George said “Welcome To The Feast Mansión” in that way as a joke and now since they use it in every episode it haunts him.
i need more dammit
WHEN ARE YOU GONNA MAKE SOME HAIR CAKE?
but can they make a sociopath?
No offense, but Rich Brian kinda looks like he has down syndrome.
That ain't it cheif
Rich Brian looking like Meredith from The Office...
Rich Brian says "like" waaaay too much.
bro joji is so fucking fonnut holy shit
the way joji was so careless with the batter gave me so much anxiety
BRING BACK JOJIVLOGS
Joji and Rich Brian have VERY good charisma together and very funny, I really liked this episode a lot.
No hate to the chefs but it’s way better with just joji and Brian
Joji wants to hire a caterer because he legit sucks at cooking hahahah.
Franku YOU HABR DA HENTAI (tentacle) BALLS
come and tickle my tentacles and tell me that I'm weak i got ink and some balls
Lol my aunt won Joji’s favorite cooking show
Yo Joji, tell Pink Guy I miss him ????
This is the greatest friendship of all time.
Feijoada
Feijoada
Pão de queijo
Pão de queijo
Those Bonito flakes are huge ! The stuff we get from our local asian market looks like fish food : [
I think Joji should cook for the party like he cooked as Pink Guy. Who doesn't like rice balls or fried noodles?
had to replay 1:09 a few time to check if that chick wearing anything down there lol.
Bri, kok ragu mau ngomong Indonesia? Lagi nelen kali ya..
Bri, kok ragu mau ngomong Indonesia? Lagi nelen kali ya..
JOJI COOKS TAKOYAKI AND RAPS
For sure the best episode so far
Balls? Balls? Can I have some Takoyaki please?
for anybody wondering, brian is talking about the song "campfire" by tyler at 6:20
U should have asked pink guy for advice
let them cool!? fuck that shit!
O c t o p u s b a l l
I like how Pink Guy knew how to cook but Joji doesn't
Why do we still eat such intelligent animals? This is like eating a dolphin or a monkey its fucked up
JoJi still has hair
ALL KINDS OF BALLS??
This is such a stupid series
I love how there is just a pink guy in the intro
I love this show
Oh shit i though that was only in dragon ball
ITS FILTHY FRANK MOTHAFUCKA!
Joji looks like if chlamydia was a person.
88 truly is double happiness
RICH BRIAN AND TYLER THE CREATOR NEED TO COLLAB NOW
Enough of this bullshit, just have the party already.
anything that has Joji in it I would definitely watch it over and ouhvvverrrr again!
Brian’s food is how I want my life to be, Joji’s food is how my life actually is
Oh man I love Bonito, Kero Kero Bonito
Francis of the filth
I feel like I just got humble flexed on
Want to make this at home so bad
Can you release some recipes please
Joji having that Pink Guy PTSD, he's so done with all this cooking shit xD
the only way to eat takoyaki is when it's so hot that you burn your mouth off: right out of the pan
This might be the worst food show on Youtube but my oh my are these two hilarious.
Is that a filthy frank
??????? ?? ?????? ?????? ??? ?????????????
i'm thirsty for Joji ????????
I never comment, but I will now because nothing would make me happier than a shitty cooking show with just these two beautiful boys
rip all the kids that let a dragonfly bite their dick
the two of these guys together is amazing
4:09 let ya nuts hang
I like cooking shows but this is this best and the funniest cook show ever
From what I've heard, Guy Fieri is an asshole in real life.
"Cooking is not fun" Jojivlogs 2018
Just don't even try lol
How about a Test Drive with our boi joji?
Frank has become Joji who is a fuckboy with a meme page, am sad
Joji should make a youtube channel dedicated to his mini outbursts of his alter ego
Hoi
How have I not noticed the Indomie in the background
Try make Rendang
Were these filmed before he made his music because he still has his hair in this.
Remember that time Joji cooked with Hair and Joey Salads urine?
Thank you for the free series!
The start was just bullying Joji lul
How many times are you people gonna keep bringing up pink guy and filthy frank?
And here I've gotten over Papa Franku But thank you YouTube for the the feels tho.
We Thai's eat insects. Deadass, shit's hella nice.
Rich Brian: Welcome to the Feast Mansion Joji: WeLcOmE tO thE fEAst MaNsIOn
i swear to god joji's laugh makes my day every time
Do a microwave bread episode
what the fuck is this show man, lmao
so we just goin forget papa franku doing rat chef?
What, no rats?
Frank...plz come back
Finally!!
Who’s Joji?
Rich chigga cooking skill is so good..
I remember Papa Franku rapping while making Takoyaki ;c
I was honestly hoping the chef today would be red dick
Rip frankuuu
that was 10/10
Why does joji resemble Filthy Frank? And why does Brian resemble Rich Chigga?
I love takoyaki!!!
9:26 "He's coming out!!! I must resist!!!"
Absolutely love this series!
Stop talking about franku, he clearly wants to move on.
You can see his filthy frank cooking instincts kicking in
It would be so nice to see hints of Frank every now and then so I know this is the same fucking person but he's so underwhelmingly composed and filtered, really need some of that cynical anti pc shit before I get sick of this boring vanilla sellout. I feel like I regret wishing he showed his real side and his music coz he completely gave up on the og shit and that just feels disheartening because as a fan, I miss the shit that got me hooked in the first place, no offense to his real persona, but he's too NORMAL for the screen, and honestly, not that entertaining anymore. I wanna think he's faking it and shit but I'm slowly starting to feel like this is who he always has been and filthy frank was just a medium that he doesn't respect anymore which to me as a fan is disappointing. I don't wanna say this but when he was unfiltered, he seemed more "real"??? I have so many mixed feelings, I just wished we'd still have access to his raw side, I would still respect him as a music artist, maybe even more. Having a real musician have his own show would be so nice and he could be true to his fans and be different than other rappers but well, when in Rome. I hope somehow this reaches him and I hope he does something about it before people like me stop following him for not staying connected to his roots. I just feel like Filthy Frank, his opinions, and the general community that it manifested was just a class above and meant a lot more to me than this sad chigga music. I just wanna see hints of the shit that started all this coz I'm not fukin with what seems to be going on with his career.
Safari man tried to come out at 5:48
8:31 wow. I got the deja vu
“PINK GUY COOKS TAKOYAKI AND RAPS”
cooking with filthy frank?
“we gotta pay him NOT to show up” LMAOOOO i fw J. Cole tho
Get Pink Guy in here so he can cook up a storm.
noob
Okay, we like these dudes but seriously, can yall stop uploading their vids/advertisement? They aren't that interesting when they're cooking, upload some content we actually subbed for.
800th comment!
I hope this doesn't mean the end of Feast Mansion
Joji can’t cook without vomit. He’s out of his natural habitat
I love this show, because of the hints of filthy frank and the pleasing aftertaste of no dead rodents and friendship
Boney toe-flakes?
now THIS is some good fucking content
Joji wtf
Brian the type of dude to eat street food and use the curb as a plate
Joji has to be not trying on purpose there is no way i refuse
Papa frank, your children miss you
I always end up watching these on the toilet
everytime joji laughs but gpa is raised
Hey bOss
When they were breathing super hard it felt like a much dank video lmaoo
4:48 That smile, that damn smile...
Brian’s like the older brother figure in this relationship even though Joji is older I love it lmao
Rich Brian seems to know what he's doing!
This is about some of the dumbest shit I've ever seen, and I've seen some shit.
Joji doesn't give a shit about anything anymore lol
Joji wants to eat bugs, Brian apparently wants em to blow him
Fuck you joji...get out of the kitchen you disrespectful cancer sac
Who are these people?
welcUm to the fEAst MAnsion
Rich Brian and Joji are such good friends :D
3:33 the moment when Brian is done with Joji's thought and is like, "you're dumb"
this is filthy frank lore
CALL IN RED DICK MAN C’MON
3:54 how do you mix up dick and belly button?
Bring back Joji Vlogs ya cunt
After all the welcomes to the feast mansion i really expected a "welcome to the ricefield motherfuckers"...
So in all those Pink Guy cooking music videos, did Joji have someone else cook for him bts?
ive watched all the first we feasts with them too much
Is it me or Brian just innocently forgot to turn off the stove? ??
This is the best episode yet
The outro is my favorite part of these videos, song fits percectly
Lol they communicate like spergs
Their cooking looks delicious.
Does Joji not like his eyes? Always high?
LMFAOOO i love
i didn’t want this video to end
Hamburger ethnic food is always bad, hamburger takoyaki, hamburger pizza, hamburger pelmeni; It's all bad.
They should make a cake ;)
amazing content here pls keep it up
Jojis takoyaki looks like something I would shit out and Brian's takoyaki looks like my gf shit.
Get pink guy on this show (:
JOJI COOKS TAKOYAKI AND RAPS
This’s lowkey a GMM will it episode
joji is so happy in this video awh :,)
10:15 when you N U T but she keep suckin
3:56 What does Brian say he goes wait no, and then I can't understand... Anyone know ?
Does vomit cake count as a Japanese street food
filthy frank!!!!!!!!!!!!! get off soundcloud. Comeback to youtube
didnt this nibba cut his hair
I have the same shirt as Joji
we all know what happened last time he made "street food"... fresh from the streets
not down with these 2 at all sorry but i feel like these episodes are for kids
09:26 - 09:30 When Filthy Frank is trying to come out but Joji is resisting.
Joji looks like he stinks
"I'm dumb" -Joji
Anyone else wish that the caterer was just pink guy?
Did they pre record this
does it bother anyone else that brian says welcome to the feastmansiom twice?
I love how Brian tries so hard to perfect his, while joji is just being joji ??
Its filthyfranks motherfxcker..its filthyfranks bitch..!!!
this show sucks ...
LOL how many years did it take this guy to realize his outie belly button wasn't his dick?
i love joji but this was so boring...
Holy shit at my town we got a different type of story with the dragonflies, if one bites you(at any part of your body) people said your sick was gonna fall off ????
Seems like jojo is a one friend atmosphere type of guy.
Anyone else watching this while still having no idea who/what 88 rising is?
Take “a” out of the title
Welcome To The Feast Mansion
Men, i dont really like show like this, but its sooooooo fucking funny
PaPa Frank 'u' still alive ??
That Filthy Frank coming out at 8:36
Did anybody see the cringe Fine Bros video about Joji where the company refused to say Filthy Frank. they said “he previously had a very strong following on YouTube.” But didn’t say the name of the channel once and refused to leave a link in the bio.
This is amazing
3:49 oh
damn brian the song at the end is fucking FIRE
Why is joji pretending he can't cook shit, I mean he was dressed up as guy fieri but was a rat chef
I wanna let a dragonfly bite my dick
8:36
Am I the only one who was anxious about Brian not turning off the stove the entire time they were eating?
i was pretty confused when brian said 'bite your fuckin dick'. i was like did i did it wrong?
2:12 my father taught me to never trust a man who wears sunglasses indoors
i want to hangout with the guys for a day
Where the subtitles
90% of the comments are about filthy frank
This feels like a much dank episode.....
Joji should make an appearance as Papa Franku for the finale of this thing. Just as a final send off to Franku for the fans
It needs some hair and blood sacrifice for cooking to be fun
“Pink Guy cooks takoyaki and DOESNT rap” lmao
Before watching: sees title finally something joji can be good at....right? But, knowning joji will find a way to mess up. Lol.
Can we have a cooking video of Joji only speaking in Japanese please, thanks.
that joji guy should get his own channel fr
Joji got polio confirmed
joji's laugh is like my salvation dude
Love the new episode of drake and josh
Damn i want eel sauce, so good
Ey b0ss can I habe takoyaki pls? ............b..bb..bbb0ss... b0ss I habe a cancer ....... b0ss
Drinking game: Anytime someone comments something Filthy Frank related in videos with Joji!
joji almost dropped the retarded at 7:05 YIKES
Feels like Joji and Brian could be some serious environmentalists. Brian with the shrimps last episode and joji with the insects.
Im so glad this exists
Well now we know what Rich Brian does with dragonflies
Do you guys know Chef?
fucking LOVE the series! Keep them coming bois!
see you in paris dad xx
b0ss hey b0ss b0ss pls I habe a canserr b0ss b0ss hey b0ss b0ss pls I habe a canserr b0ssb0ss hey b0ss b0ss pls I habe a canserr b0ssb0ss hey b0ss b0ss pls I habe a canserr b0ssb0ss hey b0ss b0ss pls I habe a canserr b0ssb0ss hey b0ss b0ss pls I habe a canserr b0ssb0ss hey b0ss b0ss pls I habe a canserr b0ssb0ss hey b0ss b0ss pls I habe a canserr b0ss
9:25 pink guy trying to escape
read conservative tree house website for real news. the Honduras migrant caravan is like Europe migrant crisis. NGOs are terrorists. paul ryan is closet dem=want kill medicare, dems kill medicare by overcrowded system with illegals,but give themselves subsides/exemptions.
Rich Brian the name change is just odd to say dosent work
FUCK THE RULESSSSS RULESSSSS RULESSSSSS UUUU UUUU
That's Filthy Frank motherfucker.
99% JoJi comments = Filthy Frank fans. The other 1% dont know who Filthy Frank is.
These two are the most boring characters ever. BRING BACK PAPA FRANKU
When are we gonna get red dick the culinary genius on to cook
"Balls on ma face"
This is comment 667
Rat chief 2?
Cringefest 2018. Tik Tok here they come.
GODDAMMIT WE STILL HAVE CLONE FRANK WHY IS THE REAL FRANK STILL HELD BY CHIN CHIN
My two favorite bois making takoyaki lol
I bet Joji's next song will be about how depressed he is because he can't cook
So no more pink guy but we get this shit, really?
Close your eyes and listen 10:11
The eye contact while they were eating kills me. He's like getting to look joji in the eye like 1ft away with a mouth full of food lol
Who am I? Who am I? Yup yup, it's Pink Guy!
man, joji didnt remember his past tho 0:36
8:22 LET ME TAKE YOU TO FLAVORTOWN
Brian, you 11pm-thumb for that marshmallow, my mind flashing eating "gorengan" with "kolak". Oh man. ??
ALL I NEEDED WAS A STICK GRAB THE MARSHMALLOWS MOTHERFUCKERS GETTING LYNCHED AND BURNED
when brian said about dragonfly thing, i tought it was hilarious if HE actually did that when he was a child. because it's not should bite on a dick. but belly button.
gordon ramsay hot ones
what's Joji's hairstyle called, i wanna copy it.
Dragon fly's don't bite.
That ain't it, chief. 4:53
"Will it Takoyaki!? Lets talk about that." queue up good mythical morning theme song.
That J. Cole shot was smooth lmao
Just the visual of Guy Fieri going Super Sayan man please make it real
8:40 rat chef flashbacks
Go watch Joji- Test Drive lets get our papa to #1 on Trending.
Best episode yet for sure. This is the formula right here, just let these two goof around and cook their own food and let the fact that their actually friends carry the show
Would've loved to chill with these guys when I was college. Now I'm a grumpy older millennial and I feel like I'm watching school boys act a fool.
remember when joji did takoyaki and rapped
Cooking show: Do not cook this, pay someone to do it.
this shit is fucking hilarious, liked this one even more than the others ones
Are we gonna ignore the bottles of Los Calientes Sean must have been there lol
Welcome to the Joji and Rich Brian channel lol
Whats that moving thing at 1:51 ?
Where can I get that dope First We Feast Piece they have in the kitchen?
TRY NOT TO FUCKING LAUGH @ 10:10
When’s the Joji/Brian sex tape coming out? ??
IFrom FilthyFrank to this. Why?
Is that jojivlogs
WOAAAAAAH!
It's a retired Filthy Frank cooking video. I'll take it!!
She don’t wanna tell lies
3:57 True lmaooo
LMFAOOO this part had me pissing myself 10:15
these guys are definitely baked
F
Ayo who shipping joji and kero kero bonito
Best episode so far!!
joji laughing and giggling is the holy elixir I never I needed ??
Indonesian food pls
Please let me take Rich Brian home and feed him.
So, after several videos of George cooking on the filthy Frank channel you guys make it seem like he's a complete retard on the kitchen? That really wasn't necessary
joji channeling his inner filthyfrank
This is so different from Filthy Frank lol
The pancake version of it is called æbleskiver in denmark and is a x-mas dessert
Welcome to the feast mansion
This show is some of the cringiest shit I've seen on youtube
Brian, goreng tahu bulat aja
Octopus balls
also nostalgic memories of PINK GUY COOKS TAKOYAKI AND RAPS
Filthy Frank and Rich Chigga present: WILL IT TAKOYAKI?!
No way George is Australian
What are you GAY?
Papa Franku please!
Why not have binging with babish on for an episode?
is that joji the aloof youtuber who thinks he's a rapper?
Filthy frank
Love these guys. But real talk The fatter guy will always know how to cook better. Deductive reasoning through taste buds ??
“Imma keep it real witchu chief This ain’t it” ????
From eating pube cakes
This is literally the best fucking show ever
This is amazing
When Joji said that thing about J. Cole ??
they seem so baked XDDDD
I wonder if Joji fucks up on purpose, because it's way too much man, nobody is that clumsy hahahaha! It's cute, tho!
Calamari on steroids.
MuchDank do your work
Unsubbed! Because apparently this is just Jojis channel now ??
At 10:18 pink guy soul came out from joji
It was boring
j. cole has left the chat
"Just let a dragonfly bite ur dick; wait ur belly button not ur dick"
wheres sean?
10:13 audio homoerotic asmr
5:49 "it's a family recipe"
Could and do make this easy at home, on a old wood-burner from 1809 :D
It's my birthday, pin this comment.
I think I'm falling in love with George??
I have octopuscalciumsis
I’m taking you to flavor town.
EY BAUUUUUS
taco-yaki sounds good
For being the world's greatest chef, Joji is pretty ass at cooking.
1:10 who is she?
Love Joji's jazz hands
z e r o c a l c i u m
"It's gonna be fine..." shoots drum, locks eyes?? 00:57
Trick I learned eating takoyaki, bite a little bit out of the top so you can blow into it to cool it down, avoids the 3rd degree burns to the inside of the mouth
Please go back to skit comedy...
PINK GUY COOKS TAKOYAKI AND RAPS https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zKnE98Wk2lM&t=0s&list=PL9SK5uDMlIIK-ODXSwi7vQppDbQmojA51&index=21
Filthy Frank really shined in this episode!
So Joji went from being the Great Papa Franku to this pleb shit ? Sad story
joji don't pretend like you never made takoyaki before lmao
Filthy Frank's spirit was trying to come out with that "gouge his eyes out" comment
PINK GUY COOKS TAKOYAKI AND RAPS
I need more of these
They need to get red dick to cook, he makes a mean sirache shrimp
Who the fook are these guys! Haha
kudos to the storyline tho
I swear these get better and better each episode
The age old question: Will it takoyaki? ????
I'm halfway through the video and I'm wondering if this is a cooking show or an eating show.
Correct me if I’m wrong but wasn’t the octopus balls cooked on filthy frank with Pink Guy rapping in the back.
I swear, the faces he makes. Reminds me of, FilthyFrank vibes.
Could we het howtobasic in one of these videos.
Bruh
Fucking name a better duo, I'll wait.
Where's the beat bruh "Pink Guy cooks Takoyaki and Raps"
Frank style episode on fleek rate 10 debos of 10
PINK GUY COOKS TAKOYAKI AND RAPS
Tickle my tenticles joji
1:30 if you want to skip the shite and watch the actual video, lol.
Early ??
This is cool except the scripted segments. Who came up with that idea?
from 10:11 to 10:28 is real content lol
The sweet version of takoyaki looks similar to aebleskiver except it's usually dipped into a strawberry sauce instead of having the sauce drizzled on top
i dont know man, the one who talk is indeed joji but the cooking part is definetly franku
I love it soo fucking much
7:25 HOLY SHIT LOL
Franku has got cooking experience
Joji picking the best bites!
Joji is just another Frank character. In a few years when he reaches the absolute height of his music career and starts winning awards he’s gonna hop on stage and ask the crowd for their chromosomes.
1:23 that voice sound familiar to me ... Its still in him
Is it the last one?
I love these
please make rice balls
Joji is right. It won't be long before meat isn't economically viable and we start eating more bugs. In America we probably flip out on the idea, like we straight up...LOSE OUR SHIT. In Asian countries and Europe, it's more common. Once again, they are ahead of the curve. Personally, I've had fried crickets, that tasted like bacon and cheddar. I also tried them without flavoring. Not bad. Tasted like..sunflower seeds. It was very mellow. I'm eager to eat more bugs! Don't worry, no one is going to kiss you! ??????
Now you really need guy fieri on here
Don't worry joji I still piss the bed too
THIS AIN'T IT CHIEF
JOJI COOKS TAKOYAKI AND RAPS
What the hell is going on in this world.
filth... i mean joji actually prefers baking over cooking
Joji: "I'm done cooking. Let's stop this shit" Brian: "Wait... let's do it though. I'm good at this.."
Still waiting on a hair cake recipe
Full on i would pay to watch this if it was on Netflix
happy seeing joji happy
i wonder if anyone else has uttered the words "oh wait! no, not your dick, your belly button"
10:10 are they sucking for each other?
it's almost the same as us in Denmark calling "æbleskiver" (apple slices) which is just the dough eaten with jams and powdered sugar
gblg anjing rich brian salah ngomong WKWKWKWKW, ngakakk
4:53 me @ life
This channel has became joji and rich brian’s special culinary channel and I don’t even want to complain
i couldnt sleep bc i kept crying but then i remembered feast mansion comes out on wednesdays and i could rest
Joji is better at baking cakes.
Anyone else at school?
8:31 is that Chef Rat?
I feel like Brian asked who was gonna clean up the kitchen cuz he's a responsible boi
I'm mad about the fact that takoyaki has nothing to do with taco cos I keep having taco in mind the entire video and now I'm craving for it
I didn't watch this video. I came here to say I hate these two idiots, and I won't watch anything that features them. Neither has talent; neither is funny; neither is interesting. These two are examples of what happens when people who do stupid shit get famous. I want these two not to be famous any more.
"Don't even try it, just throw money at it" The realest cooking show on YouTube.
I think Joji got tired of cleaning kitchens.
When is he gonna make dumplings like the good ol days
This is the perfect episode. So fire ??
Can't we just move on? Yeah nah, not yet
Get Tyler, the creator on the show
"you know how when you were younger, you used to wet the bed and shit?" Joji: "i still do"
Please pink guy for guest next episode
Zero calcium gang
Am I the only one who noticed that they're saying the word "Like" way too much? xD
Ey boss!
these kinda piss me off bc theyre old and jojis hair is short so its just like watch prerecorded shit
autistic chopstick skills
Joji just can’t be not filthy >:}
God, I love this so much, 2 of my favorite artists of all time collaborating with one of my favorite YouTube channels of all time. Lowkey Like a dream come true
Brian always talks with his mouth full. It honestly makes me uncomfortable.
U aint rich brian u cant run from who u are
How fast does his hair grow???
Im not gonna lie but im loving this series ?
Drinking game idea, do a shot everytime rich brian says "like"
Made the same mistake of eating my first takoyaki basically right out of the pan lol
PAPA FRANKUUUUU
3:56 wtf does brian say here?
pink guy
PAPA FRANKU
"Let your nuts hang" Joji -october 2018
Dragonfly myth never dies
“HAMBURGER PLES”
"You wanna press the button jodi" he didnt even know his name lol
Cooked a hair cake and you telling me he don't know how to cook?
haha good stuff.
Joji: "Cooking is not fun" Me: cmonBruh
Lmao, FUCK JCOLE
It’s my Mama's recipe.
I miss franku... we need him with this fortnite shit we need him more than ever
HAMBURGER PLS
Funny lol
Throw money at problems lol
Right cheek looks thick.. and i dont mean while he's eatin' - hope he's ok.
okay but mexicans do that too light kids belly buttons so they don’t wet the bed??
I'm too old for this shit..
Joji sold out
joji's cracks are showing. any more fame and he might just go back and talk to pink guy lol
Crassic* Japanese street food
Press F to pay your respects to Franku
This is the best episode ??
whens the joji ashmit collab
Brian, give 'em the sate padang!
11 minutes feel like only 5 mnt :")
filthy cooking
This isn't the greatest cooking show of all time it is only a tribute
more enjoyable just the two of them
insert pink guy reference here
Soo.. this party already hapened...?
Brian is the expectation and Joji is the reality xD
goji looks like some kinda franku goblin
So, indo street food next?
10:15 close your eyes
Bapak brian,itu capung gigit udel bukan tytyd :(
Joji ans rich brian is the 2 gods.
The intro song is "light" by Pill Low and Hamster.
But did he Jojo carry ketchup in his mouth
takoyaki god
But did he put ravioli in his chest pocket
I’d eat Joji’s balls, u kno, the takoyaki ball HAH
these guys.. pure cringe... me no like :p
They could just call Red Dick, last I remember dude was a Gourmet chef.
Yep I am right, whatever these two are doing it still entertaining ??
Filthy come home filthy, max misses you anything for views misses you, even idubz misses you (Cut to idubz dancing )
G to the A to the R to the B to the A to the G to the E!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! WHAT DOES IT SPELL? FEAST MANSION!!!!
White niggas when they try guacamole: 10:18
Its Joji Frank motherfucker!!!
rat chef
Awk
my favorite series rn
Just 1 nyassss is enough to my year perfect.
The intro though! The best takoyaki I've ever had was at a food stand run by a little old lady who looked liked she never had any calcium growing up lol
>Make a shitty show >Invite cringy people over >Have Joji because he makes everything funny >profit
There are so many takoyaki in asia
I dont like these two.
Bring the old bastard out
ICE POSEIDON MADE YOU!
Rich chigga kinda has a lil xan mouth
I bet 5 dollars joji can actually cook
best cookingshow? tell that to the guys from @EpicMealTime
But why
Orewa takoyaki-ga daisuke nanda-yo
Imagine Gordon Ramsay teaching them to cook something
THE PIZZA FLOAT
rich brian and joji catering cheat show, love it
They're like the main foundation of 88rising ?? i love them so much
I made it a minute in. What is this crap?
i paused the porn i was watching to this lol
Joji actually already made a video about this
Joji will never escape Pink guy swear haha. Papa Franku.
is that joji? HEY BRING BACK JOJIVLOG!
Is this joji vlogs?
there's 4 voices saying "Welcome to the feast mansion" and for the first 4 episodes It has been with Joji and Rich Brian. so when will Rich Chigga and Filthy Frank appear since I swear I definitely hear their voice?
9:20 Bro don’t suppress it Joji!! Let that demon out (or chin chin will force it out)!!
Ok.FWF Got a good hook with jojo especially right before quitting but yeah this is the span zoid of Joji but just more limits and hold backs, can see how he handles not going back in character lol. Love no matter what. :)
Joji is just jealous he doesn't know how to microwave #bread
Brian and George are such a power couple
New drinking game- Every time Brian says LIKE... chug it
Brian just better at cultural puberty
Abridged instructions: First you pour the batter, then include the invertebrae, leave it for a couple minutes, spin it like Beyblades, then you eat some fresh balls. Then you eat some fresh balls. Then you eat some fresh balls, homie.
Joji getting chubby
Haha I have that same shirt Joji’s wearing lol
Get some new peeps to do this segment. Shit is getting annoying.
Hoping fior yakitori!
THIS AINT IT CHIEF
Bruh my boy Brian its not dick, its belly button hahahaha
PINK GUY COOKS TAKOYAKI AND RAPS
Yea Brian is the better cook
Joji's goin full normie
Is this fake Joji?
god these videos make me miss filthy frank so much :/
Let ya nuts hang
Isn't joji going to rap while cooking takoyaki-- oh,.... right
"Imma keep it real with you chief" ????LOL
These videos suck they just remind me i won't see any more filthy frank and instead get boring joji and brian. I would trade a million joji and brians for one franku
"let your nuts hang"
I was literally just catching up on Rich Brian's video
Daddy franku
joji not fitting in
The guy in the yellow looks like Asian lil xan
JOJI SHOULD BE RAPPING WHILE MAKING GYOZA
Joji makes Takoyaki on Filthy Frank but then he comes here and he's suddenly incapable of even filling the batter correctly? Hmmmmm
this is the worst series thats been on this channel....
lol we all know the pain of burning your whole mouth while eating hot takoyaki
Next episode: ravioli
Joji, are you being intentionally terrible for the sake of the show, you silly bastard?
Name a perfect duo... ill wait
Finally, Jojivlogs
GMM: Will It Takoyaki?
Joji should bring Mr.Negi Generation 3 to help
YO THAT SALES WOMAN IMPRESSION!!! HHAHAAHWTFOMFG
I wait for new episode just because i wanna hear joji says "Welcome to the feast mansion" in papa franku style
What kind of sick historical revisionism is this???!?!
B0SS, can I have a takoyaki please ?? Jojis laugh gives me life
From vomit to hair to human to takaoki
briann ????
Kicking him in the balls could potentially take away his ability to reproduce. Which is worse? No vision, or no kids.
Make a green sushi basically sushi covered on wasabi
I figured joji would be better at making takoyaki
Hey bous, can i habe pizza?
Them being themselves in anything is already good
I've never had a cooking show make me laugh so hard.
11:02 "throw money at problems" lmao. Thats kind of true hahahahaha
"haha, look joji did a filthy frank reference" comments incoming
Pertamax !
THAT AINT IT
Question can i make it without rhe octopus???
Joji needs to introduce Rich Brian to Ian, Max and Warren and they can all contribute to one hell of a cake video ;))
That intro song tho????????
Where's the subtitle?
Bobby Flay would girll yo ass
Joji stop pretending like u ain't ever rapped and made takoyaki at the same time before
Filthy prank..
"we got to pay him not to show up" bhahahahaha
3:49 ooh?!?!???
Wow, where did that come from?
We need an entire series of just the contrast between Joji and Brian's cooking styles, plus a supercut of Joji flinching at various things. But I love how you can totally tell Brian was raised by restaurateurs.
I’m just chillin making takoyaki balls erryday
Zero calcium grown up lady????
bad video
I prefer him as himself. I want to see more Joji.
3:03 why are the flakes moving
Make a damn filthy fank cameo like the whole internet would love to see. Especially in these pc times #weneedthefilth
4:09 MuchDank Please just do your Thing ??
An iconoclastic view into the culinary world of S P I C Y B O I S
close your eyes at 10:10
Depressed man cooks takoyaki and didn't rap
1:44 octopus balls hold up
was there still octopus in the desert takoyaki
88rising nambah onee
Takoyaki Takoyaki What's in your Pocketyaki?
I thought Joji was pretending to be terrible at cooking when he was Filthy Frank, but holy f*ck he's just naturally clumsy.
It's all flavor town again
New drinking game! Take a shot every time you hear "like". Good bye liver.
THIS AINT IT CHIEF
How awkward was it to film the skit in the beginning?
FYI Brian parents have a cafe in Jakarta so no wonder he's good with cooking
I just realized that Joji is 7 years older than Brian...
Rich Brian, the artist formerly known as Rich Chigga
i can relax
S/o to those of us who didn't even realise that YouTube went down.
When you think about it, it's pretty fucked that they're cooking Octopusses. They're really smart creatures.
Love this show
Ily!!!! ??????
8:28 Take me to FLAVORTOWN throwback feels :'((((
This is like Asian Beavis & Butt-head
Why is joji always hovering??????????
Chef
Rich Brian is the same age right now that I was when I first heard Partyisntover/Camfire/Bimmer by Tyler the Creator, the song he said he listened to as 'a little kid' I feel ancient
damn i thought the other eps were good with guests. shit is waaay better with just them
remember the days where joji made videos in his small shitty room? so weird to see this in comparison
Watching this so much and now “History” is my new jam.
God damn he uses the word like as a verbal crutch.
papa frank please come back
I want to go to the rice field boss
wwhere the chef at/
When Bryan said let it by your dick, I was like "nooooooo, that's not it!" but then I think again, they should really put it on the dick than just on the belly button
Best cooking show of 2018. I died at 10:25, please give us more Joji and Brian food content
show me dat stick boi
I'm so used to seeing Joji wear glasses as Filthy Frank that I didn't even notice until Brian pointed it out
Joji almost started to make frank voices but caught himself because he refuses to show that side of himself again...real shame
You guys should try making meme food Starting with hair cake
Joji and Brian are recurring characters in First We Feast. And I love i5
lolololol everytime I see joji it reminds me of filthy Frank lolololololol
3:42 am glad that i'm not the only person do that when i was a kid ????
easily their best episode yet. hilarious
Pretty sure joji knows how to cook a takoyaki
2:20 when grandpa comes round for thanksgiving
IM TAKIN YOU TO FLAVOR TOWN
i love it how awkward it is and how everybody acknowledges it but proceeds anyway
4:09 "Let ya nuts hang." -Joji, 2018
“Oh, wait not your dick.. your bellybutton”
Yo why is your house haunted with reappearing food?
9:17 That's... That's pretty dark
Is this Good Mythical Morning Feast...?
what is that song at 3:59 ?
LOVED SEEING YOU AND THE REST OF 88 IN ATL LAST NIGHT!
Throw money at problems
If i was JOJI I'll make a rat broth soup and some delicious hair cake
If you don’t burn your tongue eating takoyaki, you’re eating it wrong
I never realised how funny Joji when he's just being normal. Like this is his actual personality lolll
The best show ever made
Get Pink Guy in there his octopus ball game is fire
"We gotta pay him not to show up." lmao
Name a more iconic duo, ll wait
HAMBURGR PLEZ?!?!?!
Please keep doing this eternally
Pink guy just straight up teleporting shit.
I want takoyaki now.
I miss papq franKu
Make some childhood dishes from Joji and Brian !!! <3 <3
Joji your childrens are hungry
This is why i love Wednesdays
Boinnnnnggggg
@10:12 LMFAO
"Oh shit." -Rich Brian
Lmao they both fucking hated it
EY B0SS
Yes
These kids are turds. Wish I could turn of my sub for just this series.
Have you had sunglasses the whole time?
I never clicked on a First We Feast video so fast
filthy frank fans are so toxic lmao... YEEEESE!
How is Joji this bad at making Japanese food lol
Not hating or anything but I don't think you guys should make Filfthy Frank references in Joji new work since he doesn't seem to be really proud of his past works, let the man be who he want to be, let Joji be Joji :))
I'M A MURDERER
B I G N U T
When the world needed Franku most he vanished
I LOVE jojis sunglasses
Host of cooking show: "Cooking's not fun" hahaha. Noice.
"Wait not your dick your belly button"
Great seeing Filthy Frank/JOJI actually being funny irl
hey baws i have de octopussy pleahse?
i am loving this series, it just gets better and better!
27 views
can i get a pota pls?
Hmmm H A I R C A K E
Love ya joji
The fact that the title says that they make it and the whole freaking video is them chewing is just so... It
Pyro is a fucking normie and so is Radio music
Two such underrated artists making some awesome vids!
Joji is my dad
It's soooooo funny ????????????????????????????
WE STAN a man that believes cooking is fun ??
I can’t stop watching these and I’m not mad about it
Rich Brian and Joji are underrated
This is so stupid I love it
Yooo
This made me think about Pink Guy's Food-Rap ^^
Stay Dope Man ! undang sean evans dong makan yang pedes - pedes lagi wkwk..
Where's my early boi's?
Habe you seen a ship plz
Fuck yes! I love takoyaki!
EARLY SQUAD FOR PAPA FRANKU AND HIS OCTOPUS BALLS!
Takoyaki takoyaki whats in my pocketoyaki
If it ain’t ramen noodles it ain’t street, straight up
stop fucking commenting about filthy frank ill hate to have jojis reputation
They should rename the Channel to the Joji and Rich Brian Show
Damn last time I was this early, joji was still filthy
You guys are really planing on turning them fat
Song at 1:05?
I need this everyday!!!!
joji....more like joYEET!
??????????????
Sweet ,more cooking vids with good I'll Filthy Frank.????
frank is a known connoisseur of takoyaki
2:00 wtf lmao
does joji still talks to joji?
<3
Farewell boss
Ok first we feast, I need less joji and the other one, thank, sincerely, your day 1
George Miller is fucking king
HELLLLL YEHAHHHH IVE BEEN WAITIN
Pink guy is a great cook what are Are you talking about
Teamwork makes the dreamwork
Don’t push READ MORE You rebel You can stop now Hello? Stop? You should have listened to me I’m telling you REALLY? Well, ok keep reading You don’t have to like this comment if you don’t want to Because I like my own comment Yeassss Wiggle,wiggle Wiggle,wiggle Wiggle,wiggle Wiggle,wiggle Wiggle,wiggle Wiggle,wiggle Wiggle,wiggle Wiggle,wiggle Wiggle,wiggle Wiggle,wiggle Wiggle,wiggle Wiggle,wiggle Wiggle,wiggle Wiggle, wiggle Wiggle,wiggle Wiggle,wiggle Wiggle,wiggle Wiggle,wiggle Wiggle,wiggle Wiggle,wiggle Wiggle,wiggle Wiggle,wiggle Wiggle,wiggle Wiggle,wiggle Wiggle,wiggle Wiggle,wiggle Wiggle,wiggle Wiggle,wiggle Wiggle,wiggle Wiggle,wiggle Wiggle,wiggle Wiggle,wiggle Wiggle,wiggle Wiggle,wiggle Wiggle,wiggle Wiggle,wiggle Wiggle,wiggle Wiggle,wiggle Wiggle,wiggle Wiggle,wiggle Wiggle,wiggle Wiggle,wiggle Wiggle,wiggle Wiggle,wiggle Wiggle,wiggle Wiggle,wiggle Haha Now Your Committed LOLLLL Almost finished ?? If you enjoyed this, please go SUB my channel and HIT the BELL :D
Here comes sushitrash!
AWWW YEAHHH
Habe you seen a takoyaki please?
First
Yeet
Joji is the new Sean Evans.
Darn not first
Yess ive been waiting for a week
yuh
its lit c: ??????@lilxflame
Dream Team!
yeee
*inserts funny haircake/vomit cake joke*
Second
2
early as fuck to this
Get it boiz