They would have to pay me to eat that fatty mess!
This is a poorly explained video. The reason why kobe is so freaken expensive bc of how they raise the cow. The cow lives and eats like kings, and experience very minimal moving, marbling the meat with fat, making the steak much much more juicy and rich. In fact kobe is SO rich you shouldn't eat so much of it, hence the smaller portions. I'm sure that these restaurants have other dishes and courses to help fill you along the way, and not just beef. For once, I am disappointed in Insider for such a lacking video.
CANIBALISSIM! YOU GUYS ATE KOBE BRIANT!!!
Click-bait video with misleading title.
If it's really so good, what kind of idiot would put wasabe on it?
The steak costs more than cocaine. 110,000 dollars for a kilo of the steak. Time to smuggle some wagyu cows.
That small ass bite. Who are you trying to fool.
can i have the whole slab please
Kobe!
why does it look like waygu tho
K O B E
There’s a place near my house that has Kobe burgers but so expensive ??
KOEBAE! KOEBAE
I’d rather eat the girl out
Supply vs demand.
Is wagyu beef the same?
Wtf i a heccin kobe beef
"a piece"
screw that tiny little steak, I'm having the plate!
I can get a big beef cut for a lower price
I'd rather go to Japan to have a full course meal that includes A5 Wagyu at around the same price for just that cube
"heres why its so exclusive" "the restaurant recieves pieces that are 5-6 pounds they cut it into chunks"
Boi just kill a cow and eat it Sorry veggies and vegans
Y beef i ? it D:
When every bite cost you 84$.....
My mom would be able to make it if she had the beef :(
I've had it at the Encore hotel in Vegas
i still dont see why its so special store wise, yes its the only store to sells kobe beef but taste wise? tell us something about it. a little wasabi and seasongs, anyone could do that
Would it be rude to ask for A1 Its a joke please dont roast the hell out of me
tbh you rather go to japan for this and served it much better than this
May it be expensive or cheap, it will all fall on how you prepare it. I learned that on Molecular Gastronomists....from Shokugeki no Souma. Whole 3 fkn seasons! ??
when she ate it. it was so sexual
When you kill someone with a greadnade "Kobe!"
That title is very ominous
I’m ain’t paying shit for that
if u eat that your arteries are gonna be mad. look at it its full of fat
bullshit food
Don’t drop it
Um you know earth is gonna die and why are you killing animals then
My penis is more expensive
I'm 32 comment. WHERE IS EVERYBODY
84$ i rather eat a pizza than that small size food
WTF WHY SOOO SMALL BETTER IM BUYING BURGER IN MCDONALD BETTER THAN THOSE SHIT
Yeah i had this before its good but just taste like beef fat compared to dry age which has more beefy flavor with a reasonable and affordable price
Lmao one bite 20 bucks.
It’s not that exclusive because like diamonds, the limited availability is supplier controlled. Make it seem rare and unattainable , people will believe it’s expensive and spend more than they should.
normal beef is as yummy and fulfilling
Perhaps matsuzaka beef but it so damn expensive!!! ???????? Milionnare worth it!??
Must be an expensive cow... Poor baby
Utterly uninformative.
84 dollars go to Osaka japan they sell those 100gram is like 13dollar
Wooooo expensive , still buy numerous slabs of it
what happend to this video 11 thousand views 74 likes why as this video not been touched?
80$ for a piece of small steak no honey
My kidney is more expensive
WHAT HAPPENED TO ALL THE COMMENTS?
My virginity is more expensive.
Two likes XD dont know why im laughing but this is insider right? Its like people have never heard of this channel before
But why is the meat itself expensive