What is buffalo sauce??
I hate buffalos
This is so cool like a Blizzard.Because of Buffalo
I love the way they have to put savoury in the title as if I we where going to drizzle on some buffalo sauce on some cinnamon rolls. Wait... I probably would??
I love buffalo sauce anything with that I’ll eat except stuff I don’t like.
385
the music made me enjoy watching great and delicious food making
No buffalo were harmed in this video
I have a question: For the buffalo chicken sandwiches, are you cooking that chicken for 4 hours? Just curious.
Blue cheese is disgusting
I love buffalo but for some reason hate bbq
Omg I love this video can you guys make more
Buffalo sauce is literally the most incredible sauce on earth. Fight me. Also if you use ranch instead of bleu cheese for buffalo wings I hate you, it's insulting. It's the equivalent of covering an entire hot dog in ketchup.
Lol there's no buffalo still I'm a buffalo lover
This video is my spirit animal
Ok but the title confuses me... "savory" buffalo dishes but like, there aren't sweet buffalo dishes right?
???
so what brand of buffalo sauce? or are you gonna show us how to make it ..?
real tears strolled down when you put blue cheese on the tatertots
I'm I the only one that noticed the ending was weird like the cut of the clip idk
Where my Buffalo lovers at?
My leg is cut off. Can't enjoy cooking any more. Just....
I think in england people eat buffalo chicken with cheese
Buffalo is very hot and it is interesting me.
Please do some Indian and bengali food recipies.
Buffalo.. a piece of history ??
After buffalo mozzarella sticks i couldnt see the ingredients, zoomed way too much
The link for "Get the recipes" is unauthorized
DELICIOUSSSSS!!!!!!!
in all my years I never would have thought I'd see a black person put a pinch of salt on anything we don't even measure our seasonings
Z
I’m gonna say it...... Cream cheese, sour cream or blue cheese belong NOWHERE near buffalo chicken EDIT: OR RANCH
Definitely gotta make 4:08 ????
??
I love that calamari
Was that two hours or two minutes to cook the meat balls????
Directions unclear: Used real buffalo
Where are the buffaloes?
THAT IS A DUMPLING WRAPPER AT 5:03! How dare they! They aren't even wrapping them like wontons, nor are they putting it in soup, that is a dumpling through and through!
Y'all forgot the ingredients half way through...?
tasty i have to say i love the food it looks amazing but you guys cant edit for fucking shit can you?
I choked on my chicken curry
What buffalo sauce and hot sauce do you use in this video?
4:15 i cant see the
i am from buffalo....and i approve this message
Great food tutorial but I was confused by the title: very misleading, I was wondering if the video got mixed up as I couldn’t see any buffaloes
The 167 dislikes probably just missed the like button.
Outstanding!
Anyone else HATE blue cheese dressing??
am i the only one who thinks the "oh yes" at the end sounds like ashton kutcher in that 70s show
Hey, Tasty are we just suppose to guess the ingredients at 4:08 for Buffalo Chicken Sliders? lol please fix it
spicy
Deff going to be trying those buffalo meatballs
Could I put the chicken on low heat for 8 hours?
I never had buffalo food before :(
I love buffalos! YIP YIP
This is not fair....... I thought it was buffalo meat preparations...... But it was chicken......??????
I like buffalo...........meat
This is for me.
so much butter and cream and chicken and sauce and fat and *barfing sounds
they use way too much cheese
Please make the food microoven atlest some people have no oven i hope you will upload microoven recipes n easy :')
I have a horrible joke/pun/idk: did the shredded cheese go to the gym? because you know, it’s shredded? pls don’t sue me I’m only 12
1:55 WHAT THE HELL IS EVAPORATED MILK
Yak, am going to vomit
Not exactly a fan of Buffalo sauce, but I like the ideas you came up with in this video ^^
That calamari one is barely a buffalo recipe. Its just taking some fried calamari and dumking it into buffalo sauce.
???????? I’m too fat but I don’t care. I just don’t wanna have a heart attack
NO BUFFALOS WERE HARMED DURING THE VID
Wtf is there cream cheese on all of them
Could the wings be baked instead of fried also? Also how do we make the actual sauce?:P
I have just stumbled upon your channel. OMG you guys are awesome. Very easy to follow directions and very tasty recipes. Thanks from a busy guy
And can anyone tell me what is buffalo sauce?
I liked this video before I watched it
If I weren't so lazy, I would definitely try all of these ??
Great video!!
Actually, the term is Native Americans.
buffalo chicken wings was the first real food ever tried as a baby so I'm told. To this day anything Buffalo is my favorite hands down. Love this video????????????????
MAKE NO CALORIES SNACKS CHEESE CHALLENGE NEXT
My gosh, if it was me, I would be crying tears of joy eating that!
Fuck yeah I love buffalo
buffalo sauce = butter+hot sauce. u welcome ho
Red has never been more attractive
Wow
who else thought the calamari was wings lmfao
why the hell i still get your videos .. like , i'm not even subscribed anymore, let me lose my 3 kg ??????
If you love a buffalo why would you eat it
8 savory recipes for buffalo lovers...........*cream cheese is seen more than buffalo sauce in video*
Love your cooking so much
Do something on Indian cuisine....
good non of that vegan shit
I thought most of it was fine except for all the breaded chicken...blech real wings don't need breading, that's a southern US thing. Oh, and anyone who knows anything about wings? Ranch is gross unless it's on greens but even then it's gross (again, ranch is mainly a southern US thing). Blue cheese is the preferred dipping sauce of the north. Nice ideas for parties and some family dinners though.
No Buffaloes were harmed during the creation of this video
UMMM IT WAS IN ZOOM TASTY
Am I weird for hating ranch with a burning passion?
I don’t like spicy foods why am I here?
The music is jamming lol kinda hype me up super uplifting ????
Hey Americans what is this buffalo sauce? im from germany and never heard from it :(
Not judging but isn't it better to season before dressing the chicken in flour
I wish they had recipes for cookies and cream lovers cough not that I like cookies and cream cough or anything
Why is cream cheese in every video
I'm amazed no one came up with the calamari one before.
The best hot sauce to use is Frank's. It will give you the closes to real buffalo chicken wings.
Doctor: you have 7 minutes left to live. Me:
Why american always have to deeping everything in ranch?
That last recipe looked absolutely disgusting
Do totchos in 4 ways
buffalo chicken recipes are so darn good
Who else came here to see if they using actual buffalo meat
what is buffalo sauce?
Buffalo lovers? How about people from buffalo!
What kind of buffalo sauce do you use????
Tasty ur killing my plan on a 7 day vegan challenge
Buffalo makes me go dirrhea but it’s cool to watch anyways
????
4:07 is it just me or are the ingredients subtitles gone??
I absolutely love it when you dont put measurements -.-
can you move on to the full screen
Do recipes for BBQ lovers!!
The buffalo chicken sliders is zoomed in when i was watching it
I cannot understand what people's obsession is with putting cheese on meat. The thought alone disturbs me. Then again, I'm not allowed to have it because of my religion. But I'm happy about that. I'm gagging watching them put crap ton of cheese with the chicken.
Does buffalo sauce really from buffalo?
???
Savoury*
Way too zoomed in
The best recipes I’ve seen yet for my holiday Menu! Thanks, these recipes will be useful to me.
Tasty went off on this video! I'm hungry now!
Me at 3:35, " They are definitely going to freeze it, cut it up, then fry it." Tasty proceeds to do what I predicted. Me "I knew it..."
Why do you batter the wings??? Buffalo does not do that
I love your channel, I have your app, however there is a channel re-uploading your videos and taking the subs you should of had from the great work you guys have put in. The channel name: iDEAS
Calamari in buffalo Sauce... im out thats too much to handle
jw why do you use corn starch instead of flour?
But where's the buffalo?
It's great
Guys pls see #so yummy
But..where is the Buffalo?!????
Who isn’t a buffalo lovers but just like see tasty video
Whats the thing they use for dips? I never get the name
Can you guys please also check out 'sikia cooking' YouTube channel. It's a food channel that started recently. They have easy to make traditional recipes and taste delicious too?? it would mean if you check out the videos please?? thank you????
How to make the Buffalo Sauce ?
Fast like fedex
Tasty recipes are a lactose intolerant person's worst nightmare. Literally stuffed with cheese and dipped in cheese
What's a buffalo sauce? I've never seen anything like that where I live
is buffalo smashed and then mixed with seasonings to make buffalo sauce??
Is anyone like me here who watches these recipes everyday but never try them
Buzzfeed fucked up ??
They make mistake in the slow cooker recipe the first ingredients writings was down from the video u can see only little bit
Video for buffalo lovers no buffalo meat in vid??
When I clicked on the link it lead to a server error website
What is a buffalo sauce? Why do you use blue cheese? What is ranch?
Seasoning salt !!! Invest n seasoning salt !!!!!
pause at 7:05 you're welcome
I seriously hate these non-veg recipes ??
I'm not American so when I was younger I actually thought that these were made out of actual buffalos ??
Summary of Buffalo Wings: buy fried chicken, add buffalo sauce
This looks really amazing but I dont have buffalo sauce in my country ;-;
Why did I watch this before eating breakfast....??????
I dont like bleu cheese on my buffalo sauce
as a buffalo chicken obsessor, thank you
Hello. Please click, read more YA LIKE JAZZ?? PS THAT'S THE CLOSET EMOTIONAL TO A BEE I GOT
say no more
It's 2 am and I'm starving why am I watching this
Who eats all the tasty prepared foods?
I like the name totchos
It was already frozen @3:37 before they "froze." Looks like they forgot to film the before and looks like they made a couple of other mistakes reading the comments lolol
Looks like Tasty is starting to borrow some of Gordon Ramsay's camera man
Genius! best yet.
Fried ??
>sees buffalo in title > thinks of actual buffalo > clicks video > recipes with buffalo sauce instead > fml
I'm so hungry! ??????
the link in the description doesn't work for me
???? ??? ???????? ???? ??????? ?? ?????
Where the hell are the squid tentacles?! Those are the best part you heathens!
It looks like they don't add enough buffalo sauce ??
scrumptiously salty
still wasting good food...
my little brother just came up to me and asked "don't those wings look like bloody poop?" ????
Bad editing on the sliders recipe.
I live in Buffalo. That's it, no cool back story. But hey, all we usually have is the wings so cut me some slack ???? lol
I really thought this recipes are for buffalo meat as main ingredient.
Yeyeyeye strait outof 716
Somebody take her black card away
Why is this so satisfying?
love this video! these dishes are needed in my belly :)
*waits for Cruelty FREE Gains and his bots to start spamming crap in the comments section*
do they have unlimited supply of cheese?! ?????? cuz almost all of their recipes have cheese in it.
They should have used buffalo mozzarella cheese
The text gets cut off around the 4 minute mark
I think searing the meatballs first would just make it look better than sorta semi-boiled meatballs but that's just me and my weird squeamish self
When you're promised buffalo meat and the closest you get is beef.
anyone actually from buffalo or is it just me??
my sister got really frustrated about how many bowls you guys have used in this video and She yelled "stop cooking or use just less bowls" ??????
my sister got really frustrated about how many bowls you guys have used in this video and She yelled "stop cooking or use just less bowls" ??????
FOOTBALL SZN
Red bull gives you beeeeeeefaluuuuu
Buffalo lovers who haven't ever eaten any buffalo
Do people actually think Buffalo wings are made from the actual animal Buffalo because ummmmmmmm
HI
nothing toxic yet
Nice try tasty, there aren’t any buffalos in this whole video!
4:04 thats a nasty nail
4:05 what happened to the aspect ratio lmao
I got and add that should me how to cook chicken buffalo wings
Am I the only one who hasn't tasted buffalo sauce/wings? Edit: I'm Asian
BRING FORTH THE THANKSGIVING SPAM WE ARE WAITING!!!
That is so true
Wowza now I wish there was a buffalo sauce restaurant
Perfect for football tomorrow
They didn’t show what they mixed into the chicken for the sliders
What does buffalo sauce taste like? It's not really common here in Germany
I love anything involving buffalo sauce. This video makes me so happy
How to make buffalo sauce??
0:07 Gotta love tasty... only they can find a way to mix cream cheese and hot sauce
Or just take any recipe that has a sauce and replace it with buffalo sauce I guess
I think every comment has been used. Let’s take a look at the history! We used to have: -Fucking cruelty free gains and his vegan bots -Boneless -Not enough seasoning -You guys know the drill... -Self advertisement -WOW TASTY ANOTHER MONTAGE! -Lol fat American diet lol lol -(Famous users, like catalyst agar.io and more, pro slayer 1) -I can’t get this ingredient in my country -TASTY USES CREAM CHEESE (Or whatever common ingredient is used in tasty recipes) -This isn’t traditional, because... -This should be called ... traditionally -The OhOhYes scares me -People complaining about complainers, or complaining about vegan complainers -Ooh... (X:XX) was satisfying -Aww, the baby hands! -Eww, the baby hands! -(Insert other recipe creator) did a better version of this... -The music sucks -I like the music -(Lenny face, whatever copy and paste symbol you can find) _Food porn -I did the recipe and it sucked -I did the recipe and I loved it -It looks like... -Positive comments So guys! How did you like my going back into the history of this comment section? Edit 1: Oh fuck people actually liked this, I forgot a few more -David Seymour -My parents I thought I was watching porn when the Oh Yes Thank you to it’s me swirl, for the extra comments, although I might not be using them all (For the sake of time) -Diabetes -Open a restaurant -Unoriginal comment -Too much cheese -Call them Oreos
Fix edits at 4:05
Make this tots fries and I’m all for it
It's called squid not calamari it is only called calamari when fried.
Make these foods and get FREE Heart Burn! ?? Like if you agree
hummm tastyy!!!
Don't like buffalo but i love tasty soooo...
As always everything looks delicious
4:06 Oops fucked up your editing there, Tasty.
Am I the only one who hates Buffalo sauce and wings?
ya fucked up the last clip
First thing to be used is of course..... cheese
I trust them black hands to prepare foods than most
Can we do anything Halloween themed?
???? mildly hot for me.. Thumbs up for showing cooking tutorial... The presentation Professional chefs show how to.. My daughters carees with the good service industry has/is #upwordmobility For their careers to advance Beyond their thoughts within The time required... #congratulationstoall#chefs#susechef#waitstaff#waiter#waitresses
lame not even eating bop a lows
So yum in my tum
You messed the zoom up on the Buffalo Chicken Sliders part
Is this their first time using calamari? ??
Tasty has just been reposting these past couple days.. I didn’t believe it before, but they really ARE running out of ideas ????
Before 10 000 views
those buffalo meatballs look like they would have a lot of loose arm hair in them...
BUFFALO NY WHERE YOU AAAAAAATT
Hi..! I make videos too! Check out my 'eggless omlettes'
Just a bit more cheese
please make a video of a 2000 calorie meal prep for the low carb keto diet
Now THESE are what you make on game night (Football).
Ummmm it was in zoom Tasty
Early Squadddddd
FIRST LIKE
Editing stuffed up at 4:05 i think it was too zoomed in or the editor forgot to put text
in canada we had that thing called buffalo chicken poutine at mcDonald's and it was the best thing ever
fix your editing......................pls.
Can't see the slow cooker ingredients
When you just checked out tastys uploads while watching another video and youre early
Can i get one subscribers and I’ll subs back ??
Lol
Love the recipes, but the slow cooker part was too large to read the ingredients.
Buffalo Buffalo buffalo Buffalo Buffalo buffalo Buffalo Buffalo.
Buffalo? Kim Donghyun?
Make low calorie meals with no cheese challenge next
Too much cheese. ??
NOM NOM NOM
I know is buffalo sauce video, but... I want more cheese plz
#EarlyAFsquad
Since I will get lost in the sea of comments I'm allergic to buffalo (or at least bison) meat (true story)
Oh..I thought you meant the people who love the buffalos in football I'm just going to leave..
Before baking the buffalo ring , just freeze it for 1 hour so that it takes it shape properly while baking:)
If You're An Upcoming Artist Check Out My Page For Free Beats!??????
I don't have garlic what makes you think i have calamari
Make college budget recipes next. $20 for the whole week
Yaaaaaaaas
I haven't even watched it and I can tell this vid will be amazing ?? ?? Nice job Tasty ?? keep up the good work
Where the damn buffalo meat at?
129th person to watch
Why are buffalo wings called buffalo wings if buffaloes don't have wings?
8th haahahahahhah
Hello.
Wow im early
7th
Y E S
#earlysquad
I'm pretty sure I am first
First
First
Nice
Hello
first
Here
Hi
Im going to veganize this. Omg ?? i miss it
Love how all of your bowls and spoons are wood! No plastic! Awesome
Your videos are great... and you are tooooooo cute!!!??
Why wasn’t I born Filipino/a? Good food and good looks
You're cute! ??
Can I leave out that annatto powder? ?? I hate the bright red on the packaged tocino as well ??
Spoon and fork represent!
Delicious. I love this recipe. Thank you Jen for the recipe.
SATURDAY MORNINGS = ALWAYS LIT IN A FILIPINO HOUSEHOLD!! I LOVE that smell of garlic fried rice on a Saturday morning. That's when I know.... the eggs are fried, the tocino is out, my parents like to serve anchovies(dilis) alongside... breakfast is served!
Love the video. Will defntely do this.
tocino! love that fatty bits for sure it's like pork cocaine!!!
Wow lovely presentation loving it you makin sooooo hungry lol craving for one!!!
More of Jen's cooking! I want moooore!
3 days?!?! Huhuhu
Question, don't kill me for this. Is Philippines Hispanic/Latino and Asian, cause I see a lot of Spanish words?
Also, try putting the fried rice back in the pan where the tocino is cooked then mix it so the marinate will not go to waste. You're welcome????
Girl! Why are you cracking me up at 5:54am. I think I love you. Peace.
Such a cutie. U got a man?
Can you use pork belly?
We kinda steam/boil our tocino in little water and wait for it to fully evaporate then time for frying, that's how we cook our tocino homemade or store-bought, no matter what the packaging says.
AWESOME!! ??????????
sarap
I can't find annatto powder anywhere near me, is there a good substitute for it?
i s t a a a h p
No wonder there are so many overweight Filipino girls...
Only here for Jen
????????
TFW you really know its gonna be so good 5:46
I wonder if I could make a vegan version of this out of soy curls or seitan? Brotha trynna keep his cholesterol down, but wanna eat some tocino :(
Apparent she likes to eat.
This was posted on my birthday lmfaoo
I luv your personality
dont call this filipino bacon. not at all related to bacon
I LOVE TOCINO!!! EVERYTIME WE HAVE THAT IN THE HOUSE EVERY MORNING I'M EXCITED #PROUDFILIPINO
Jessica Soho is that you?
I hate fried eggs so can I try it with broccoli or something else instead, what other side could I have other than the egg?
These funny ass "gourmets" thinking that the crispy portion of an egg has no place in a "gourmet" meal. lolz
Wait. Hold up.. GARLIC rice! GARLIC RICE!! Where has that been all my life? YUM!
I don't even wanna know the recipe I'm watch coz she's so cute ????
so gooooooodd! i like your vids jen! make a separate channel please
Thanks for this! No more going back to packaged neon tocino!
I know cooking and food are exciting in their own, but watching Jen makes it extremely (if not more) exciting!!!
Omg I went to the Philippines & all I ate was Tocino
I wish the sinangag was a little browner. We sometimes fry the rice in the oil that was used for the tocino to get some of that flavor in there.
Love is love food is food -JEN 2018
Hahhahaha this bad ass bitch in town , love herrer
*clips hand*: “I’ve got yo back” yassss girlllll
She’s one of those people that I would want to befriend the second I meet her. She’s so cute and adorable ????
I like you!,... made me laugh.
New subbie. I love how you list the ingredients, yessss honey!!
With that much "ulam", I could eat 4 more of that garlic rice dome. YUM!!!
This girl can cook!
People should know by now that we have a sweet tooth here and I recommend not to eat that sweet ass spaghetti.
3:35 cringed
How long does this last in the fridge if i wanna store it
My favorite recipe so far! I know it’s authentic because this is exactly how my grandma makes it ??
JEN RULES!!! I WATCH JUST FOR HER!!
BACON!!! Need I say more...
She remind me of Mo'Nique
dis gon be leeet
You look like Ryzza Mae a girl actress in Philippines
My goodness, this looks absolutely amazing! I can’t wait to try it!!!
This is not bacon at all, THIS IS FILIPINO HAM.
i love you already ;-)
There are only two things I crave when I'm stressed and or sad.. rice and fucking tocino ????????
Can you make the OG leche flan please!??
My new crush ???????? love humorous women??
Im gonna try this at home. Thanks girl!
why do i love her so much btw
the 89 dislikes are from chefs who throw away eggs with crispy edges
Is that red powder only for color? Can I make this without that?
And spicy vinegar omg. Thanks no more store bought for me
I love this Video but... TOCINO is not Filipino BACON.
My childhood.
That glass at the beginning is from ikea
I love her personality. Such a vibrant person. Def subscribing to her channel.
You are such a joy to watch! Subbed. ?
Dam! Tocino! ????????????
Whats her real youtube channel?
Will be trying this recipe for sure i love how it's not complicated at all and u basically have all the ingredients available.
When took the egg and put it on top of the rice. Haha, pinoy na pinoy!
I love the chef. She made me feel that food is nothing to fear of. #treatyourself
You dont eat with your hands?
Is it only me or do you guys think that Tocino is NOT! A kind of bacon -_- Tho i like Tocino sooooo much... maybe thats why i was so shocked hahahahaha
I love it, but that’s away too much for breakfast for me
“Love is love, food is food” ??????
Almost 1Million!
Holy crap, that’s amazing!
PABORITO KO YAN
In my family, we usually cut the tocino slices into smaller bits right before cooking them, that way you get more of that crispy caramelized bits! yum!!
You're just adorable and this looks delicious!
I never heard tocino described as filipino bacon before. Interesting
This host is off the hook. Now, I want to watch her other videos. Good job!
Tocino is not Filipino Bacon!
So good! My favorite tocino ??
Kinda burnt but still poppin' ??
I love this!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!??????????
Shes so funny it makes the video so much more homely ??
Dat diabetes.
there’s no vegetable on her plate :(
Go girl!
Looks great!
Tried this exact recipe and it’s salty rather than sweet. So I suggest to add only 1 tbsp of salt cuz the soy sauce is already salty & add more brown sugar.
Ang sarap filipino ako ??
Legit all natural marinade! I'm going to make some for this weekend.
I love watching you cook. Its so ??
You're awesome ???
that sunny attitude <3
Did you cook the egg before the rice becuase the eggs can be served with this dish cold or it was just the order you cooked for filming?
Sana makatikim ako ng luto nila Jen at Erwan someday!! Parang ang sarap sarap!!!! ??????
Mmmm, Filipino bacon! Hellmuthaflippin y... 3 days :( ..... ok. that breakfast looks real good!
Jen is really such an attractive person. I'm really glad i just found this channel and met her. <3
YASSSSSSSS JEN I LOVE YOU ???
ooooooo that was sooo wow. I wanna try this
Great recipe.
Padagdagan po ng bawang next time.????????
You're like a breath of sunshine?? Ang ganda mo!
She be like "Don't label food. Love is love. Food is food." Yes basically my life right here
You sound so therapeutic Jen :)
Tocino is pork shoulder not pork belly so it isn't bacon
tocino is not even close to bacon. theure totally different. please be accurate
Jen you're amazing I love you!! ??
This made me subscribed
looks so yummy
Can I use real bacon? I would love to try this!!!!
we cook tocino with water then wait until the water evaporates and then the fat will melt then caramelize the tocino then we put rice to it
I've been ruined by pre-made, refrigerator-section, corn syrup tocino and have therefore hated it for a long time. Now this is what I'm talking about. I knew tocino wasn't always a gross hunk of pink mystery meat, and that a real version must exist.??
Dyang ??
im dying huhuhu i personally love tocino with a bit of spicy vinegar!!! <3
Delish ????????
Move over pop tarts?????? love ittt
Marination... favorite new word!
My wife and I LOVE tocino. She usually cooks it in a lot of fat, but I like how you cook it with none. Is your tocino that tender because you use pineapple juice? I use apple, because I don't like how pineapple makes meat mushy, especially after 3-5 days. P.S. We also cook the eggs last, so they stay warm, and the tocino first. The tocino can rest in a warm oven while everything else is cooked.
I LOVE HER
subscribed because of jen i love the way she cooks yas go gurl!!! ????
I like the recipe because the process tocino have SALITRE
Ito ay soooooobrang masarap! <3
Nagutom ako ??
The way you embrace foods makes me love u so much
You are fun to watch. More videos!!!!
I love that you cook Filipino food and emphasize that it is Filipino.
Tocino is love. Tocino is life.
I love your cooking and I love your gestures ahaha
I just tried my tocino this morning.. It's delicious! Kind of like longganisa . . .
Your videos are so good and so is your food.keep it up??
Such a nice personality and easy to follow recipe! I am going to try this soon and hope I can find the red powder ingredient at my local H-Mart. That fried rice sounds delicious! =3
good job!
yummy
im watching thiis in the middle of the night and im STARVINGGGGGGGGGGGGG!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
the expressions that you make are so funny XD. It's looked so good, my stomach was making noises throughout the whole video.
If you freeze the meat should you let it thaw, or just put it straight on the pan?
??
I tried this recipe and it was successful. The hubby's fam loved it. FYI they are not Filipino. Thank you for the recipe!
Ayy this is a good Tocino. I didn't use any coloring, so mine looks a bit boring, but the taste is so amazing. Thanks!
I love you and love your videos. I have been watching quite a few before hitting the subscribe button. Sorry. But, your recipes are easy to follow and very yummy! Love.love.love. just subscribed.
Tocino is tocino baco is bacon.. it's different the one is sweet the bacon is salty
You represent the Filipinos so well! You're vibrant, funny, and your recipes area so spot on!
Wow, I see you know how to eat good, putting one thing on top of another and mixing it, that's how I roll, too, and a nice pile of that wonderful tocino. That looks so good!
Do you have to add the red powder
Is the annatto powder a must? If so, is there a substitute for it?
I fucking love her
This brought a tear ?? to my eye... keep up the good eats!!
What are your thoughts on using pork belly?
Love it love it you put a smile on my face. First time I see your video.
Is there any substitution for annatto powder since there's no annatto powder in my area
I LOVE YOU you are my new YouTube best friend ????
I love mine with salted tomatoes
Yesss I'm Filipino! Kamusta kayo???
yummmmmmm
That look good
I feel like Filipino cuisine and I have a connection but there isn't a Filipino restaurant in my town ???? I can't wait to go to The Philippines, I even watch shows and soap operas. I just love the country ??
Hmmmm, I miss my lola's cooking. Idk when can I visit back in PH.
What is the actual recipe with the actual measurements for each ingredient? I want to make sure that it isn’t too much salty or whatever.
I love you Jen
Where have you been my entire life???
Do you need the annoto powder? If so where could you find it?
Tocino , Tapas and Longanisa the holy trinity of filipino breakfast meats ^^
Yummmmmmm ????????????????
TOC SI LOG!!!!!
My grandma would make this for me every few weekends! She's back home in the Philippines, and I miss her so much. :( I'm going to make this and cry
This makes me sad...Im allergic to pineapple and it looks good ?
Omfg that looks freakin killer I want for breakfast lunch and dinner
My dad has a recipe of tocino which tastes so good to be real.
that looks soooooo delish!!
YASSSS TOCINO ??????
Jen please come spend the night with me & make me some bacon ?? ????
You are promoting animal cruelty and participating in it. A very bad karma will come to you, health problems and much worse gonna happen to you
She reminds me of Leslie Jones from Ghostbusters
Guys she is very u healthy - it's not cute or funny
i love tocino !
Yumm! Love the funky background music! What's the title?
Whenever my mom cooks this, my favorite part is the blackened pieces!!!
Talk about an F.O. (Food Orgasm)
Yeah it's not a burnt egg, we just want it crispehhhh! Lol
I'm lovin Jen ahah
Oh my Ga This looks amazing
I'm Fillipino and I'm so proud of this but I cook it different
"Don't label love, food is food" I love this ????????
Omg im so glad i food this recipe! Im moving to a place where I can't find Filipino food. Thank You! This is one of my favorites.
I LOVE YOU!
I like her. Badass but still funny. Also Tocino for life!
I love Jen she is so fun to watch cook and actually researches things
Hello (: did you cut the pork yourself or did you buy it that way? I've never seen it sliced like that on the shelves in the grocery stores where I am, but I would LOVE to try this recipe and anything that makes it easier would be great!!!
Hello (: did you cut the pork yourself or did you buy it that way? I've never seen it sliced like that on the shelves in the grocery stores where I am, but I would LOVE to try this recipe and anything that makes it easier would be great!!!
The fancy way
IVE GOT YOUR BACK- ooo honey slay meee
Love it yummy ...where buy wood of spoon n folk?
if she once of my sister, i will hug her everyday and bagging her to cook for me everyday ??
To all my pinoys- I thought pushing the food into the spoon with the fork is normal- apparently, my non-Filipino friends do it...
tocino means bacon in Spanish too c:
Oh my god!!! You made me crave for tocino!!!!
Garlic rice yaaaaz!
Tocino is anything but bacon. Its pork cured with sugar. More like a heavily glazed and pan fried Christmas ham. Tagalog often gets lost in translation due to lack of awareness that a much more similar food or recipe actually exist.
Jen is so adorable! ??????
Masarap!
Her reaction was amazing lmfao, definitely trying this!! :)
I'm going to make this for my husband for his birthday. He loves bacon!
sorry but nothing replaces bacon.
Move over pop tarts! lol
"Staaaaaaaap JUST staaaaaap" Staaaaap= stop Just so you know
Where did you get that dress? Love it!!
"Da pancy way"
I wish I was Filipino ??
woah, tocino literally means bacon in Spanish!!
we filipinos all make it the same way....pancy??
i love the way you do it and your presentation.....like it goodjob im hungry now.. lol??
SARAP!!! (yummy)
Can you make tap si log please!
That looks hella good.
I remember tocilog but tapsilog is my favorite ??
You can also cook the tocino first then cook the fried rice on the oil you used from cooking the tocino.
Oh yas girl! Food id food ???
Can I atsuete powder instead of nato powder?? Or is that the same??
When you took a bite of your tocilog, I got soooo jealous!! Tocino is my favorite breakfast meat, and I can't wait to try your recipe. Thank you!
Made this today. Turned out perfect. Was just as delicious as the store bought packaged stuff, if not better. Plus was not that weird neon red color and ya know what's going into it. Thanks Jen.
What I don't understand is how people can give a cooking video a thumbs down? Who doesn't like Jen??? I enjoy her presentations each time I see her, not to mention she's my favourite on Tastemade. You keep doing your thing Jen! Oh & your set is great!
I tried this recipe and its SOOOOOOOOOOSOOSSOSOO GOOD OMG thank you ate jen <3
You are awesome!
Tocino is my life blood
Miss Jen can you give me the exact measurements of your Tocino Mixture....huhuhu...I'm already tired of buying tocino in the grocery, we know that their selling tocino products with preservatives so it could last long....huhuhu
GURL....yes
this is so fucking good
U so fucking beautiful
Because of this yummy recipe you gain a subscriber in me.
Does she have her own channel? love her instantly
i love you!!!! #nohomo
I like how she made the tocino color natural. The packaged tocino ones look like someone picked meat and painted bright red on it ??
damnnn looks good
3:30 literally made my life
Its not "Filipino" bacon. Its "Spanish" bacon. Thats a fact...
Definitely my proudest fap.
You are too fab, thank you for this recipe!
Same with my Mom's recipe sans the annatto powder. Very traditional, not like those dishes who pretends to filipino food.
Love your sass. Don't mind them party poopers can't please em all. You do you gorl. /Shout-out from the motherland
Love this chick and her style! So gorgeous!!
Uuuuggh why did I watch this at almost 5 in the morninnngggg...... I misssss Filipino food so much
looks good!! I think it's forgetting one thing, slice tomato's. The way my mom serves it ??.
i cried watching her eat that ??
"don't let anybody tell you that it's burnt" i started crying tears of joy; my pinoy heart just needed to heart that ???? salamat for this tosilog!!! ??????
Jen you're so funny, I like your personality, it makes this video even more of a joy to watch!
I love this with spiced suka!!
tocino is food crack
I love Jen!
love ur videos...huge fan
"Don't label food." Amen Jen ??
"Saturday mornings, I knew it was gonna be LIT" KILLED ME ??????
Hungry RN. Ohhh lawd Jesus tocino!!!!
Hi Jen, just wanted to know I can make this with Chicken as well?
Love watching you! You are so funny and your recipes look amazing! Definitely going to try this one!
one of my favorite filipino food !TOCINO! ??????
I'm a Filipino and I'm proud to have this dish??????ayyee
unf that plate looked so sexy
at least a day old. mapapanis ang kanin. hehe
can I do this with chicken?
Jen is honestly my favorite ??????
needs some atsara. my favorate pairing with tocino though is tuyo or daing or salted egg/tomato salsa. the salty and sweet combination is perfect. with atsara you get the sour too. ugh now I miss this so much.
your making my mouth drool! ??
Love your personality ????
I think shes cute
i love u hahahaha ghaddd I'm so hungry ryt now
love her she is great
I LOVE that attitude!
I feel like she needs her own youtube channel! She's so fun to watch! :DDD
OMG! I love your channel
tastewise i would say tapa /tapsilog is closer to bacon but I'm thankful to learn about cooking tocino from scratch.
finally a decent filipino recipe video??? also girl u gotta make a daing video too
can you use other meat than pork?
I want you to cook for me all the time it is so sexy!
you're cool :) I like the character. its not boring and worth watching :)
Bigla kong nagutom ahaha
yum!
I ? you!! ??
Tocino is not Filipino bacon. There is no Filipino bacon. I don't think we even smoke meats. But, whatever.
I thought you were the bacon from the thumbnail.
she made me feel like I've been truly missing out on life. I'm up in the a.m. now trying to find some place that makes this. I don't have 3 days.
Love is Love, Food is my life 250 worth of food every 3 days
Waid you did add salt on the egg right???
I always cook this in the opposite order. Tocino first, then the sinangag (garlic fried rice) and egg last. That way, the tocino doesn't burn my tongue. The sinangag absorbs the leftover juices and the runny egg yolk is nice and warm. ????????????
I am soooo happy I found you!!! You have a wonderful personality that is highly enjoyable to watch! I'm half Filipino and enjoy cooking, but sadly I don't have any recipes of my moms favorite dishes (nor can I say them ??), however, I will make this very soon!! Salamat! ????
Just call it as it is, Tocino.
R-E-S-P-E-K!! lol. I'll be making a pork butt run this weekend because of you. Oh, and by the way, you have TV Chef level personality. You need a show!
Great recipe but I myself would use butter or margarine with the sinangag or garlic rice. Also, adding a little vinegar to the marinade would tenderize the meat more and give it a little tang
HELLO JEN I LOVE YOUR RECIPE TUTORIAL I HAVE SUBSCRBED TO YOU I DO LOVE FILIPINO FOOD MY NEPHEW GIRLFRIEND IS FILIPINO SHE GORGEOUS I LOVE HER AND I DO LOVE FILIPINO FOOD SENDING YOU A HUGE WARM SMILE ALWAYS YUMMY OH OH RECIPE LOL HEHE XOXO PLEASE DO SEND ME YOUR NOTIFICATIONS IF I DON'T COMMENT KNOW THAT I LOVE THEM ALL FROM ME TO YOU JEN ALWAYS BULA VINAKA FROM "THERESE"XOXO "THE PRINCESS OF FIJI " XOXO "TAVUYA VILLAGE FIJI ISLANDS XOXO "GOOGLE SEARCH YOU WILL SEE MY VILLAGE""THANKYOU"XOXO
Hello! Very good your channel… And your video too!! Congratulations! It deserves every success! Your culture and language enchant me! When you have time, visit my channel !! Please!! Thanks! Success! Hugs. DG Tudo
you're the best food person I've ever seen on YouTube! love how you arent condescending but also say a lot of helpful things. great vid!
Awesome ?? I will definitely make this breakfast soon! Thanks for sharing. Yummy ??.????
Hey Jen! I'm gonna try this! Loved how the tocino got caramelized after searing?? And yes...the crispy edges on the eggs are the best part. Quick tidbit to all the followers: If you don't eat pork, you can also substitute the protein w/ boneless & skinless chicken thighs. It'll be moist and flavorful????
Oh my goodness you are so adorable ??????
Using your spoon as a knife, the Filipino way
Omg!!! You're so cute and funny! I love tocino!
You're ma fave jen
It took me just less than a minute to subscribe at your channel! Delicious recipe! I am going to do this! Thank you!
I was skeptical about this video at first. But damn. Between her and Akis I feel like I could open a damn restaurant
I love you for this! It's hard to find good tocino in here! ??
My family cooks the tocino first and we use the drippings to make the fried rice. We fight over the rice ??
Jen do you have your own channel? I'd like to subscribe to it as well! Keep slaying gurl~
liiiiiitttt
Yesssssss!!!!!!!!!!!!
What a great looking recipe and brilliant hostess!
favorite filipino breakfast of all time.
oh... this girl is so beautiful, fun n cute. subbing to her channel now! n making this shit ASAP
Subscribed! Thank you for being so adorable and awesome!!! <3
Tocino is great but it can be overwhelmingly very sweet. Sometimes the texture can be turn off for me it can be like eating chewy candied meat. I prefer longanisa for a breakfast meat.
yasss ate Jen repping the Philippines
I hate you so much no Wonder i can never lose weight!! I really have to try this
This the best episode no one can tell me otherwise
hehehe...love it
Love your personality!
i love you Jen! so nice to see filipino foods on your channel
First time watching! I was drooling ?? before you started cooking ?? ??
Girl you're awesome, keep up the quality content!
thank you for the delicious recipe!
Tocino!!! One of the best dishes to eat for lunch in the Philippines!!
Subscribed! Good job making it to 859K subscription. I suppose you're a Filipino Channel. That's why I feel proud for you. Can you guys make vegetarian stuffs? Vegetarian here. ---From Lipa, Batangas
accidentally watched this video and now i know the recipe for tocino! thank you!! now i'll sub!
No tocino is not bacon, liempo is, anatomically and culinary, please don't call tocino as bacon it is not proper
OMG. It's just my first time watching her and I love her already. Love the attitude girl.???
I fell in love with you the moment I saw your humor! ???
Yo guys, if you decide to make this a second time (yes, you have to make it at least twice lol) cook the garlic rice after the tocino on the same pan. The remaining tocino juices mixed in the rice is just ??????
This dumbass people I'm the comment section who's making the "Filipino bacon" label a big thing are the worst. You guys needs to grow up (or go back to school maybe). She's calling it a "Filipino bacon" because it is a Filipino substitute for bacon...or the closest breakfast food to bacon. duh
i just wanna follow Jen!
Great job Ate Jen! ??????
"you want them to stay another night?...." instantly fell in love with you... subscribed!
you're so cute! this recipe is very simple, and I love how natural and accessible the ingredients are. I'm gonna try this soon!
im ready for breakfast now
this looks so good! thanks for introducing me to something new
nakaka gutom!
so pretty?? loved it
TOCINO IS NOT BACON YOU FIL-AMS!!!!!!! NOBODY USES FOOD COLORING FOR TOCINO!!!!!!!!! WHAT THE FUCK IS THIS STUPID PRETENTIOUS BULLSHIT!!!!!
Chill guys, tocino as filipino bacon is just an analogy. C'mon!
I heart u jen
Never trust a skinny chef...
filipino bacon? LOL! Don't make things up!
I would die for tocino ??
Yeah right Jen, don't label food. Tocino is Ticino not filipino bacon.
???????? great vid. ??
Filipino bacon? I'm Filipino and I never thought of Tocino as bacon. lol
I love me some Tocino and some Jen. Not just too cute, but THREE cute!
Damn. Just damn ????????
Jen is sooooooo funny and I'm absolutely in love with her personality!!! ??
This girl knows how to make her american boyfriend impressed..
yas! will do this next... been craving filipino food
you know your fil enough when you eat this with vinegar on those tocinos and banana ketchup on those eggs.
LOVE her already!! I wanna have tocino now tho haha
100% legit...! TOCILOG...! ????
Heyyyyyy, when Jen makes it and eats it, I know it's delicious ????
i love tocino. thanks!!!??????
I don't care anymore about those tocinos cos I know they'll be great anyways, but yow, where did you get those wooden utensils? I wanna have one. hahaha
marination? that's a new one.
thiz iz how you teach a foreigner how to eat pinoy bfast! theyll love it!
Hei, I really like the recipe. However I was wondering if the pineapple juice could be replaced by another kind as I am allergic to pineapple :(
Yummy ??
i love youuuuu
saw this vid under my recommended section & i'm so glad i clicked on it ! jen , you're so cute ! my fam & i love tocino , but we've never tried making it from scratch . def gonna try this ! thank you so much !
where is the suka with siling labuyo and garlic??
miss thaaaaang... you just earned another follower honey...shantay you stay...
you're so cute. ???
YOUR REACTIONHAHAHAAH ????
lots of sugar and salt oh honey.
you are just on the perfect amount of funny and cute, I luv yah =)
don't believe skinny chef...??????
Jen's videos made me subscribe to this channel. Keep the Filipino foods coming!
a little bit of salt? that was too much..
Holy crap, Ryza Mae is so grown up now! lol jk. Love her recipes, keep slayin girl!
Is she Thai?
(kababayan) looking forward to cook it..been watching ms.jen in facebook before..
Omg that looks sooo good!
Sarap! 1 new sub here, thank you for showcasing one of our best weapon hak hak :)
because I am Filipino. And because of that Tocino ( my Fav)... I will su bscribe ;)... Nice Humor too...
a true filipino breakfast is nothing without rice. yum.
love her sass
MY MOUTH IS WATERING
Love ya Chef Jen!! I can't wait to try out your receipes! So excited!
I am happy to see filipino recipe here in tastemade thank you for sharing it to others ?? tocino really taste good also pair it with vinegar so good!
Ah, I hope you make tapsilog as well, Jen! I prefer these savory breakfast foods instead of cereal. This tocino recipe is pretty dope; I always just buy them ready to cook. :D
Looks great, needed some greenery on there though. Maybe cilantro or chives...
My favorite thing my mom used to cook!!!
I love your video! I want to try this recipe. Thank you for this video. ?? i like your humor as well ??????
Omg, first off, your personality is fantastic and you are adorbs. Secondly, I must have this food in my belly. Thank you for sharing! <3
She does unnecessary talking, I think. Trying too hard to be funny.
I think your Tocino looks and tastes way better than the pre-made ones that we buy haha. :D
this is good Times for real
oh my goooood, just looking at that food got me fucked ??????
2:43 Love is Love..... food is food AMEN GURL AMEN
Hi Jen! I hope you make tapsilog, porkchopsilog and liemposilog too!
wait, is Jen filipino?
GO SISIG NAMAN NEXT GURL
I'm glad you didn't make this recipe a lie :D (cough looking at you red velvet cake / tandoori/tikka chicken)
I love you so much jen!! Such a big fan ??
do I really need the anato powder? would it taste different without it? thanks!
Not bacon, more like ham. Kapampangans even promote their local brand with the caption "tastes like ham".
Plz do a mini pancakes video in tiny kitchen. It would make my day :)
FYI: Tocino has no Pepper.. :D Pineapple Juice or Chunks is the best flavoring for tocino
I'm vegetarian, but still going to try the fried rice :)...And Jen? You are gorgeous!
That face says it all. pure foodie bliss.
To-si-log Tocino Sinangag(garlic fried rice) Itlog(egg) That's the meaning of it. ??
Could you just come hang out with my husband and I in Saginaw, MI. You could stay with us? And teach us different dishes to make! Please.... :^] Also, you look GORGEOUS.
Jenn, the other Jenn here! I can't eat eggs, so is there something else I could use instead? I see so many recipes with an egg on top. Ideas please? Thank you Love! Jenn ?? (the other less talented one, lol)
This reminds me so much of my mothers cooking. Great video, thanks
when Jen says she's got my back, i believe it!
Tocino is one of the specialties of Pampanga, the Culinary Capital of Philippines. I am from Pampanga and, trust me, we got this. We do.
Filipino garlic rice is divine. When I first had it I almost cried.
naaawww I love your cooking!
"Jen my life really sucks.." THEN JUST EAT IT.
...Jen....how do I find your channel?
that wooden spoon and fork tho
tocino is life....I love to eat tocino with ketchup or vinegar...
Thanks Jen for making this vid! Can you make a video on pork sisig? I've tried it once in the Philippines and another time in Brooklyn, but the best one in my opinion is Mama Fina's in NJ and they use only pork belly. I think that dish is another great version of Filipino bacon.
Excited just cause it's Jen ??
love your romancing with Filipino dishes!
You are again, more filipino than me Jen!
HILARIOUS, I was craving this and telling my mom how I wish we had some. BTW Jen, there's a Tocino Spam now. :)
Perfection on a plate, yum!
Jen is love, Jen is life.
yasss jennnnn yasss<3
I only like tastemade because of Jen ??
team jen!??
She has a great personality
i love filipino breakfast! always gotta have some vinegar to dip the sweet tocino / longanisa in. definitely wanna try this out. i've only ever had the processed kind.
Definitely gonna make this!! Love me some tocino <3
This was MESMERIZING!
I never heard of this, but believe me I'm gonna have to try it out and thanks for sharing!????????????
what about to use paprika instead of that red colouring ? is that good idea ?
masarap
Tocisilog I'm happy for you... but Tapsilog is life!!
YESSSSSSSSS!!!!!!
I wish I could smell this!! I'll have to try it!
belly
soooo good! Filipinos love their meat SWEET!
How bout tapsilog?? : )
Hell yeah! Tosilog! Definitely a favorite.
dude!.. that looks so bomb
longanesa>tocino all day
Ive always eaten the packaged kind ??
fried rice is good to cook in d same pan where u used to cook tocino..
Forget the tocino, I almost drowned in her eyes!
Jen, your filipino recipes are my favorite! I bet a vegetarian version of this with tofu could work, obviously wouldn't have the flavor from the pork though.
I love this giiiirl haha her laugh ??
mmmmm ??
lol was offended when in Masterchef they were throwing out the eggs with crispy edges. Those crispy edges are my fave!
I fell in love with Jen. Food recipe presentation all of it my taste buds and the kitchen calling for some cooking make me love it even more.
holy ish... my mum literally cooked that this morning ??
F*** Yea Tocino!
Yes! Tocino. Love tosilog! Glad to see Filipino food featured on this channel with my favorite funny adorable chef Jen! She even represented with the fork and spoon! ??????
Jen where do you shop for your outfits?? love your clothes girl!! ??
Tocino is life! ??
people need to try this.. I swear it is amazing. ??
Tocino is my FAVE.
Your amazin
Who would win in the Guy Fieri vs Bobby Flay cage match?
here we see the difference between lawful good and chaotic evil
10:13: hhhaahh hooohhh hhhhhhhh
thIs AInT iT chiEf
"ThAt'S iT"
Please keep this series going chief
3:54 Joji looks so disappointed.
when i saw 2160p i nutted
Why did my gf leave me :(
Imma keep it real wich you chief
3:14 Gorengan, Top Must-Try Street Foods in Indonesia
RAT CHEF was on my recommendations ??
I feel like this is what Crazy Rich Asians is really about
I fucking love octopus but not live
Bring back jojivlogs ??
I love them and this series is da best
i love rich brian even more because he listened to tyler, the creator
New to these, but I fuckin love em! Lol
When joji cooks, its like pink guy possesses his fucking body.
They should make a hair cake
Octopus is delicious.
Imagine Rich Brian on a Filthy Frank video.
WE NEED JERMAIN LAMAR COLEE
Make vomit takoyaki
Ajak niki please
wow i love this program... keep it going..!!
This is a good anime.
8:36 Got me ??
10:22 lmfao this be me ????????????
partyisntover/campfire/bimmer
hahaha that j cole i fuck with, pay him to not show up
Damn this series made me realize how much I wanna meet these guys. Really fuckin chill dudes
Last time joji made these, chin chin came out of nowhere looking for sacrifices
When Joji is hungover af and doesn't wanna do anything XD
Holy shit he still has hair this was pre-recorded a long time ago XD
those guys have to fucking expand their motherfuckin vocabulary and not use the word "like" million times in every goddamn sentence. this shit is pissing me off
Hell yeah! Takoyaki is the shit. By far my favorite food I had on my Japanese exchange trip (other than Korean bbq tbh)
Can Joji please let Papa Franku finish the lore. The amount of chromosomes blasting off without purpose in the omniverses is unacceptable!
This is the best episode so far
4:50 does anybody understand this
Do rendang please..
briaaaannn you supposed to fill it to the brim, flip it half cooked then add another batter. that's why you end up with half circle
Bromance Level 100000000000000000000000000000*
Brian go to prom with me :’))) hahaha I have the fattest crush on u ;-; >.<
As much as I love these guys and enjoy the concept of the show, I'm not really looking forward to the rest this since it feels scripted a little and awkward tones
10:18 - 10:22 Darth Vader?
Dat belly button inside jokes ??
Your dick... wait no your belly button??
Filthy
these dudes are fucking disgusting to even look at, much more so when they are eating, and then they have the personality of dishwater with an IQ of 3 split between the two.
that im dumb at 7:05 is me
i wish joji and rich brian will look at me the way rich brian looks at joji <3 4:44
is no one going to mention the filthy frank voice that joji uses on the second introduction
I proud of rich brian and joji is best
4:51 they called chief, yall know what he said...
they're so bro-y its kinda lame. they just act so lax and indifferent about everything. its boring to listen to them talk about stuff.
Can I kick it at the Feast Mansion with Joji and Brian?
Why would you say welcome to the feast mansion 4 times?
had to rewind to see if joji actually had shades on the whole time
In the hospital she gon’ be screaming my name In grave she gon’ be screamin my name In the wheelchair she gon’ be my name
thicc joji is the best thing ever
on the dick
I rather watch joji rap abt making takoyaki ( filthy frank)
You guys need Red Dick on there to show you how to make that toilet sriracha shrimp boy, that sriracha shrimp, that sriracha shrimp boy.
My name is chef To Joji
(eats hair cake) Gives the burger one a thumbs down
i still luv u papa franku
I saw an NPR article that I’m pretty sure stole the idea to conserve meat by eating insects
Will it takoyaki? Let’s talk about that
First time I’ve seen joji not throwing food while wearing a pink suit
Frank...... :"
9:26 Filty Frank tries to come back
Tired of reading filthy frank comments on every video, let him do what he wants.
Love theeeeeeeem
They are both so cute!!!
“Throw money at problems”
lmao they're the cutest stoner best friends <3
it makes me sad that every time joji jokes around and realizes he's channeling one of his characters like pink guy or frank he kinda just falls back and tries to act normal ):
That Joji Guy seems funny, he should make a channel
I thought He quit YouTube
That octopus about as dead as both they music careers
Joji is literally me when it comes to cooking
I dont care about your satanic, illuminati, ritual, human feast mansion.
that girl is crazy. does she just have a jacket on? ive seen he likes of her before. she really just doesnt learn.
oh no hes trying to say some cheese
oh. here we go. the fat ash is up in der
Everytime Joji says "welcome to the feast mansion" in the 'Pink Guy' voice i cry a little bit ;(
Jojis made takoyaki before...
I knew they were gonna make this
This is so much better than when they have chefs around
Don't eat dragon flies coz dragon flies bite Indonesian kids Belly button ... , I'm telling you guys ..., don't , or you'll wet your bed ???????????????? Oh btw Brian could You try to cook Kue Cubit or lemper ?!?
I love watching them
Wouldn't it be fun if they cooked a CAKE like in the good old days ?
You should summon Red Dick
Joji is either high hung over or drunk
Kasih capung biar lu ga ngompol
“Throw money at problems” - joji 2018
count how many times rich brian says like
No ravioli?
Damn first Max, now Joji. Everyone's gaining weight lol.
I'm starting to think this party is never actually going to happen
10:15-10:25 me and my last brain cell in the kitchen at 3 am high af eating pizza rolls
takoyaki god! I cant help but wish joji would do some of the old funny culinary stuff. Even if its just a random thing once or twice a year. Something for the long time fans of your more comedy oriented content would be so cool.
i wish someone looked at me the way that brian looked at joji 4:44 - 5:03
Motherfucker, you've made a music video with cooking Takoyaki. You can cook it
someone might be a little bit LIT in this.
Pretty sure joji is high in this episode lol
I love Joji ?.?
Wtf does he mean by letting a dragonfly bite your dick?
who even diss person.
Can they just make out already?
no C A L C I U M when growing up
The next one is just another warhol spinoff. They eat cheeseburgers.
3:36
I just realize that he's really into sunglasses. He almost wear it on every interview ?? Or maybe he's just want to hide his big eyes bcs some people keep mock him ??
Joji is hillarious
I need more episodes of this fuck
ok best series on youtube hands down
4:03 Fly floating in water? Mmmmm ^_^
lay the effin dragonfly on your belly button! not on your "little brother"! and its not an effin myth BRIAN... what are you talking about...
3:58 joji was not amused lmao
Is he still friends with Idubzz or maxmoefoe?
can i habe a hamburger pls?
Guy Fieri = the best meme cook
Two Asian people introducing Asian food in fluent English is the next generation
I feel bad for that no calcium grownup old lady :(
What is the song played at the end ???
Its kinda easy man really
Who is joji and what have he done to filthy Frank?
i swear to god if joji doesnt have at least one episode without the sunnies i will-
I swear I've seen joji cooking octopus balls back in his Frank days, and what's all this shit about not enjoying cooking he used to right raps about cooking and perform them while cooking, I guess people change but I'm having a hard time coming to grips
Where's the rap?
no joke. i laugh when joji say octopus ball.
Rich Brian is really annoying to see, he mimics and looks for acceptance at every moment.
9:20 dat laugh xDddd
The way brian tells story about indonesia ???? look like he’s so proud being Indonesian ?????? People need to stop assuming that he’s forget about indo ???? #proud
Joji: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zKnE98Wk2lM
"that aint it"
Can u make ep 5 is so good pls
Welcome to the rice fields mothafu- wait
Do you know chef?
Semangat trs bang
Rat Chef
10:10 why the fuck did it sound like they were trying to have sex with their parents across the hall trying to sleep????
Good try, guys! Hrmmm, takoyaki might be a new item on my list to try and make.
Pink guy knows how to cook takoyaki He had this video "Pink guy cooks takoyaki and raps" So why hire a cater if you have the expert in hand?
First of all they are so damn precious both of them and second of all I learned to throw money at problems ??
The duo we don't deserve
Brian can cook
Damn the nutella ones and burger looked pretty good and im vegetarian ahha
they should make cake, I feel like joji has some exprience with that
underwhelming show no cap
Make the nutrients for me Joji .
Good to know Frank is still cooking, what a rat of a chef
Just let it bite ur dick XD
RIP papa franku
LMFAO THEM BREATHING IN BECAUSE IT WAS HOT
i love when joji laughs i’m so happy yay
This shit is hard to watch being a huge filthy frank fan really sad I feel like this is super awkward and forced It’s what he wants tho I guess
I would like to write the subtitles for this, can i?
of course joji got bored, bryan need to watch filthyfrank's cooking video
Best episode so far. Easy.
????????????
Is there going to be no more?
i saw lechon
lets bring the old bastard out NYEEEEEEEEEEEES
"Wait... not your dick... your bellybutton" WHAT!? LOL
Where are the rice balls?
Imma keep it real with you chief that ain’t it
10:35 id?
I miss you Frank :'(
This is beautiful
thank you for delivering this unto us in this holy year of the lord and please make as many as you can shit has everyone dying UwU
Fill them holes btches
my favorite 88 rising bois and joji is one of my fav youtuber's!
Joji the only reason I watch this is because of frank but you really should come back.z
Is it me or has Jojo been wearing sun glasses for every feast mantion episofe
Oops I thought this was tentacle hentai
Are they sponsored by guess and stripes?
Aye baws cen u not eat proper healthy food pls..eat some pusi pls
This is the most lit cooking show ever.
Cooking is not fun I agree
Welcome to the rice field bitch
Hamburger pls
All I know is joji is hot as hell. I love his personality
1:24 8:36 9:26 10:15 damn frank we see you
Rich Brian is doing the food 100%
I fucking love these guys their laughs man
4:51 subtitles por favor
How to be 10 pounds heavier by the end of the day
I've loved every episode
7:57 I think something in joji's soul want to get out
Joji is laughing, that's cute
4:55 that damned smile remind me of something like kyuubi on naruto soul
GET OUT FRANKU WE MISS YOU
Guy Fieri gonna bring that [FLAVOR TOWN].
I feel like next episode is gonna be asmr mukbang
stop with that cooking bullshit and go write some songs that i can cry for you japshit!!!1!
Getting a blowjob with a dragonfly
Rich brian is actually really good at cooking. His attention to detail. Joji is like nah balls to the wall.
Ball$
i don't know like dragonfly
Is it rats?
Joji cooks bombass teriyaki chicken lmao
From belly button to a dick, that's a big small difference! I'm just saying.
Welcome TO THE RICE FIELDS MOTHERFUCKER
I see takoyaki, I click
This is really pissing me off when most of the people here are complaining about how Joji has become. People change if you haven’t obviously noticed. He quit his channel for a year or so now grow up and get over it. If you miss the guy that much then just re-watch his fuckin’ old videos.
“Imma keep it real w ya chief That ain’t it”
4:50 ahhhh frank is back
Now that you guys officially made GMM 2 (Rhett and Link 3), Joji should be on GMM right this instance or else!
Wtf! I thought this was suppose to be a cooking show? What is this some sort of a Rhett and Link 3 now?!?!?
Whats the outro song?
8:29 RAT CHEF!
Imagine being jumped by joji and rich brian and all of a sudden you hear them say "take that niggas tastebuds"
so cool man
Joji , are you know smell of jengkol ?? ?
Wait , ur hair
Ok.....so....does joji have hair or???? Bc I’m in confusion
I’m keep it real wit u chief DIS AINT IT
Why they always got super soakers in the fuckin intro
Im from indonesia and i've never heard of the dragonfly biting your dick thing
Jojis voice is so deep how can he make his voice so high fir so long in the filthy frank channel
Frank where have you been
Food and Joji in the same title? What could go wrong
First you pour the battery, then include the invertebrae, leave it for a couple minutes, spin it like bayblades.
joji doesnt even hang with idubbbz or anything for views anymore, i hate that he only does music now.
You got it all wrong, where’s the dead rats?
Why is George soooo bad at cooking?!? I always though he could do shit like that. ??
Careful Joji, with that facial hair coming in, Filthy Frank is trying to tunnel his way back out of your soul to make a come back
i would trust joji with my broken heart but not with my kitchen
8:28 takes me back to flavor town
Please upload frank!!
Dude, like like like
Indonesia Food Pls
Best cooking show in the history of cooking show. Period
Summer been over for a min....
Some wise words I once heard from a guy in pink; That's why I'm making all these octopus balls Cuz yall need to grow your own Come and tickle my tentacles and tell me that I'm weak I got ink and some balls I said balls like fucking twice but I gotta emphasise on my testicle size I meant tentacle size whoops First you pour the batter then include the invertebrate Leave it for a couple minutes spin it like beyblades Then you eat some fresh balls Then you eat some fresh balls Then you eat some fresh balls homie Then you eat some fresh balls homie
Even tho Brian's looked better we all know who has the real cooking skills ????
9:25 HE'S FIGHTING IT
i kud see they synergy perfect
Rich Brian : welcome to the feast mansion Joji : welcome to the feast mansion Rich Brian : welcome to the feast mansion Frank : welcome to the feast mansion
Stop talk The filthy frank show, And look joji. I dont like lost this.
BIG PORES
asians girls have no ass but they still cute af tho, see you soon asia!!
Bro please tell me brian has heard pink season
can u guys make gado gado
Joji be making them glasses iconicc
Theres a lil bit of filthy frank in there
Lemme guess, takoyaki
rich brians mass gainer works
throw money at problems - joji 2018
10:15 Pink Guy tries to Repossess Again
Just remember this wasnt th first time papa made takoyaki https://youtu.be/zKnE98Wk2lM
This ain’t it chief slsjsksksk
Octo Balls
8:30 I'm taking you to flavortown I'm taking ya, I'm taking ya to flavortown I'm taking you to flavortown I'm taking you to flavortown I'm taking you to flavortown I'm taking you to flavortown I'm taking you to flavortown Oh let me lick your brisket And take you and take you to flavortown Oh!, let me lick your brisket baby Let me take you to flavortown Let me take you to flavortown Oh let me take ya, oh let me take you to flavortown
Joji needs to rap while he cooks! That's what's missing!
Bring back Chigga!!!
Holy shit, is Sean a peacelord? Is this how Franku is paying off his chromosome debt?!
Is that Joji's favorite pants?
1:26 LYF HAX Oooh YEARH
Franskspect
Best episode by far
ANYONE SEE THOSE INDOMIES
The flashbacks should’ve been to rat chef and hair cake
Is no one going to talk about Brian's mistake about dragonfly myth?
We’ve come full circle with the octopus balls
Feel like Joji just fucks it all up just for jokes ??
rich brian?????????!!
Joji is alive
Is this gunna be their last episode? :(
We’re making s’mores by the campFIRE!! ??????
I love this show so much like oof
9:55 THE SUNGLASSES IN A FAKE FRANK REFERENCE WTF
Boss this Is really gay
Isnt that the guy from rat chef lmao
These people are a shame to their parents
Why is Francis of Filth a sad Emo Gay Cunt now?
Jojis cooking career peaked at hair cake
Jojis laugh i love it ????
Getting mad Filthy Frank vibes from this video
That Joji guy looka lika FilthyFrank
Jojiii sini aku kasih makan makanan indonesia aku jago masak lohhhhhh
my fav series on youtube. shane dawson who???
papa franku
Whats the song at 10 42
Cutie babies
2:12 "All kinds of balls that we can have is good."
Well I still wanna try to make it .
If I say this verse is fuckin' wack then I'd be lying, I'm goin' platinum, but you're mama shoulda gone latex, I'm crying Cuz you're tryin' way to fuckin' hard to be what I am, So give it a break and sit the fuck down. Now it's pink in the flesh and I ain't talkin' 'bout vaginas, if you wanna sniff a line o' cocainer up in this diner and pop a molly or stupid shit, Reflect on usin' it, but use it again to make sure you're not used to it.
jOJi HaS hAiR??!?
10:22 pink guy tries to come out
RAT CHEF WILL BE PROUD
I was laying in bed trying to get her to sleep and i was watching this. She of course had to watch too and she said she really liked this and was upset when i told her there was only like 4 videos of this haha.
Fake frank on the thumbnail
I am not sure if this is a generational thing, but I do not understand this content. The guests appear to have a lot of patience and produce some great food. I am not here to spread hate, but this is not the content for me...
every video he is in frank tries to come out hopefully one day he can make videos again
i was waiting for a hair cake with idubbz and maxmoefoe
Are they smacked?????cuz i am & they gotta be the way they acting??
What does octopus taste like I want to try it but looks nasty
* muchdank has entered the chat *
Still making a living out of dead animals I see
I’m so fkn in love with Joji wtf
I never want this show to endddd
it's funny how joji just fucks up all the food and Brian is just like, this is easy i'm great at this lol
Crazy Rich Funny Asians :)
joji's trying so hard to be funny and don't look like filthy frank here.
Now first we feast is all about joji
"Throw money at problems" -Joji I aint got any money though
“I gotta be real with you chief” omfg
This is it chief, this is the format we love.
1:23 all i thought of was Dumplings
i want more of joji and rich
best one yet
?????!!^_^
bro these dudes are fucking dope
I hear Franku @1:23
Unleash papafranku plz
Imma keep it real with you cheif, this is it
Joji makes brian speak bahasa pleaseeee
Joji is the best cook wtf
It's missing pube hair
i love this fuckin show
5:38 PLEASE WHAT SONG/INSTRUMENTAL IS THIS !!!???
i will never get tired of this duo
6:59 that's 11 Am sir.
9:25 Filthy frank is still in there!!!
This video makes me want to chew water .
We need Joji’s dumplings
one guy fieri punch
1:23 also trying to let out his inner frank
Ravioli in the pocket-oli!!!
Brian looks like a sophomore in college, how old is he?
just remembering the good old rat chef , mmmmhhhh good old tortilla rat ,with a lil bit of favorite hot souce
My favourite gay couple on the platform back at it again
watching this 4am in the morning makes me hungry, or does it
can this be a regular show? that would be awesome
I know I’m not the only that’s happy seeing Papa Frank make these videos.
totally down for balls
Where is red dick? He can cook not frank'u.
I be chillin eating rice balls ere day
88?
it’s so much better when it’s just them joking around with eachother
This is literally the japanese answer to æbleskiver
Joji for Japanese President
Rat ramen
I can't separate joji from frank
Joji knows something about street food ??
WHAT HAPPENED TO FAMILY RECIPE b0ss
holyshit this is entertaining as fuck HAHA
The 4th installment in the human cake seriea
This video reminds me of this one https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zKnE98Wk2lM
Better as Filthy Frank
1:10
Akward
KANGEN BRIAN ADA DI INDOOOOO!!!!
My dude is lucky joji didnt shave his head into the food and eat it.
Just throwing this out there but it would totally watch a cop show with them. Their Chemistry is just that good.
I just got my vr headset, but I did the whole porn thing. I'm tryna watch this like I'm there. How I do dat
"cooking is not fun" the filthyfrankshow clearly gave him ptsd cooking all that fucked up shit lmao
Joji is chaotic evil when it comes to cooking
Omfg I can't wait for them to come to Denver I wish it was next week already ??????
I centered the mellow over the gram, heated it too long now it melted over my hand. Fuck it. I bite it. I burnt it but I like it. Camping with my niggas it’s so fucking exciting
That is franku sama!!!
BEST SERIES
I only know Tako-yaki from onepiece
Panas anjir jangan di makan langsung
He still got a littke frank in him.
10:15 We can see franku and pink guy trying to escape Joji's Body
Come on papa franku you lived in japan and can’t make takoyaki
Ooof I was trying so hard to not burst out laughing (in class when we are reading) when joji said " what if we took his seance of tast"
Needs more shock collars.
Just wanna let you know I stopped the video from playing and will not watch it BECAUSE you didnt include max and idubbbz
I love em sooooo muuuchchxhxhcc
That cheeseburger is bothering me so much. I don't know why.
That 0 calcium gesture killed me hahahahahhahaha
that straight shade at j cole with the withdraw right after lmaoooooo
I just love seeing famous people try to cook. Some of them seem entirely incompetent.
1:24 ricefield intensifies
You Just take an dragonfly and let it just bite your fucking dick Rich Brian 2018
1:24 can someone ask joji to go even higher like “Ayyy welcum to the feast mansion b0ss”
LMAO why is he always acting like he never done shit before.. he ate Pewdiepies ass hair baked in a cake he made with his friends.. nigga better stop fakin shit??????
cmon now joji. you've done this before
That's why I'm making all these octopus balls Cuz yall need to grow your own Come and tickle my tentacles and tell me that I'm weak I got ink and some balls I said balls like fucking twice but I gotta emphasise on my testicle size I meant tentacle size whoops First you pour the batter then include the invertebrate Leave it for a couple minutes spin it like Beyblades Then you eat some fresh balls Then you eat some fresh balls Then you eat some fresh balls homie Then you eat some fresh balls homie If you know this I love u
Wait didn't Joji get a buzz? Wtf?
Can you add subtitles please ??
I still miss you so fucking much
1:24 I smell some filth
all this time i thought kewpie is read as cue-pie not cue-pee. wtf joji
how high were they when filming this XD
This is the modern day epic meal time.
Does Joji only own one chain?
damn, filthy frank looks wierd in this omniverse.
Indonesia mana suaranya........
eh so indonesian
Kalo ngompol mulu tuh di gigit capung udelnya biar berenti
These guys are high as fuck
I would love to be an 88rising assistant! Hmu!!!
4:40
Joji is only famous bc of filthy Frank and is his music is mediocre at best and will take him nowhere don't @ me.
MORE JOJI AND RICH BRIAN
Isi in subtitle indonesia dong
Joji is cute af
5:49 Is that a reference to Rat Chef? "Frank, what is this?" ????
greetings from your homeland Rich Brian!
i missed joji
Could we get a “like” counted please?
This entire video is hilarious, the zero calcium joke, the cheeseburger takoyaki, the breathing to cool down the food, and everything in between.
LIKE
MAZUI!!!
Tentacle Hentai
joji, just call him. the guy with a pink suit. nah, jk. i like u as a guy who made 2 legends in a life.
I NEED MORE EPISODES! PLS MORE JOJI AND RICH <3
2:05 pink guy flashbacks
I love these!!!
Iya bang iya....
Do you want my mom's recipes joji?
The sad thing is that you can see filthy frank breaking through during this episode.
16TN likes.. Is that to reflect the amount of times the word "like" is said in the video?
" WELCOME TO THE RICE FIELD MFUCKER !!! "
Why not cook the rats?
Still the same boio
Please change the show. This could be great. But a rented mansion isn’t a great concept.
Luv this series
Anyone remember pink guy make takoyaki and rap??
@10:20 this was me last night ahahaha
The legend.
so this is wear filthyfrank went....
You guys need to get Eminem on here
I can still feel filthy frank in joji when he says ball or calcium
Should have let joji make some cigarette Ash infused rice balls
If i said this episode was whack then i'd be lying
but. his hair?
Joji??
wait is papabless gonna be here?
Never have takoyaki for breakfast
Happy birthday R.B. U truly are a RAP GOD. duh
Papa franku
WELCOME TO THE FEAST MANSION ??
“Octopus balls” Dig my grave cuz i died
im waiting for the toilet sriracha shrimp episode
PINK GUY COOKS TAKOYAKI AND RAPS
I miss hair cake
I wish I could go to a party like that I would smoke everyone up there
This is what we need.
They cooked it too long on one side that probably why is was not looking too hot
no hair in it, 0/10
1:33 im already hungry af looking at that burger. GG BOIS
apalah dayaku nonton ini tapi makannya indomie wkwkwkwk
WHERE IS RED DICK !!!?
Makes me want to make octopus takoyaki muffins, so I don't have to worry about vibrating them. QP/Eel glaze on top. Fuck that octopus looks amazing. mmmmmm
that ain’t it
The real reason that Joji is wearing sunglasses in this video is because it’s actually the Fake Frank as the real Filthy Frank is filming a new video. It all makes sense now!
an invite chef just cuts their chemistry changes the mood they have to be like little more respectful
they should make an episode where they speak in their mother tongue and have subtitles
12:00 on a half assed cooking video... worth nothing????
Joji obviously wants to leave Filthy Frank in the past, but people still comment shit like "Oh, he's still got a little Pink Guy in him" and shit like that. It's pretty annoying tbh, he doesn't want to be associated with that anymore, so just leave it out.
We need russian subs
Magic soundeffect ? Brian saying "Oh shit lol" saying is a true combo.
this was boring af and lame
they ate each others balls no homo
Mans ate a hair cake I don’t think a lot of things could be that disgusting to him
I stg these two are the cutest ydkucbifhnvffjbffh
It is clear as day that Joji is where the peace lords banished Franku
wait wheres the dead rats?
Pink guy is the best cook in the omniverse.
Oof
10:18 close your fuckin eyes, listen, and picture something in your mind
9:54 Me showing my parents my failure in life
Di udel pak di taro nya bukan di t*t*t ??????????
This video is fake. Stop supporting this garbage . This is the real one https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zKnE98Wk2lM
Love seeing Joji doing what he loves, Brian's a pretty cool guy as well
Isn't his hair short now
JOJI getting chubby hahah
Everytime joji takes a bite im Expecting him to let out an: "OoooooOOOOOooooooOooooOoOOoOOOOhhhhhhhHHHH"
In the Indonesian version kick a dick is called (STATER)
sunat makanya biar ga dijijilin capung ke titit
More Joji And Rich Brian please
From my place boys let dragon flies bite their bellybuttons in order to swim Thats just dumb lol
Joji pretending he doesn't know how to make takoyaki is major troll pewdiepie voice "epic style"
I didn’t notice either ?????? that he had sun glasses on LOL ??
9:40 give me da sauccce bousss
Hey... Pinkguy.., is that you..??
when rich brian said "cooking is fun" I was expecting a flashback of joji in a pink suit cooking ramen while rapping...
this is old..
man this just looks like 2 friends goofing off... where is my show so i can do that lol
Hairy cake
From hairy cake to Fairy cake
What mistake they have. 1. After you put the topping,add another batter. 2. Dont let it cook all the way,flip it then let it cook all the way. 3. Let is cool pls. You will take your taste but for hour.
Just gonna leave this here, for old times sake. 'https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zKnE98Wk2lM'
Do Ravioli next video
Joji is getting jealous of Rich Brian’s cooking.
Brian the type of dude to call curb stomping a street food
Should have got pink guy to cook sum dumplings
Joji you’re halfassing all of the cooking and wonder why yours turns out shitty.
Whats the backround music at 10:32 ?
'that aint it' with the cutest laugh by joji is the best thing ive heard in a while
Wait... i thought he just got a new haircut?
looked fire
1:09
Had me at octopus ?
STOP MAEKING STUPID PEEPOLES FAMIS
Could've gotten pink guy in to do it, that guy can cook octopus balls. Got video proof ??
Hm... makin me hungry
this series just makes me miss papa franku more
Inner pinkguy came out when he sprayed that batter
Mmm sucking on takoyaki balls
1:09 who is that girl??
i think joji need wife
Have you seen chef?
Please make siracha shrimp
FILTHY FRANK IS ALIVE
These dudes are like Drake and Josh??
Where does Joji get his accent from?
They are so high lol
It was the only reasonable way to end this. Let's throw money at the problem, they've learned the American Way.
joji cant take the filthyfrank ptsd no longer
10:12 is the peak of the show.
Joji's food is always messy, I wonder why...
Welcome to the filth mansion
7:24 Don't apologize for your true feelings Joji. You're right.
I kept seeing the name "Joji" in videos.. Finally clicked on one.. Realized Joji is FilthyFrank.. WTF lol
not dick bryan,. it on your belly,.
these two should really start there own cooking channel.
Lmao that shade to jcole was hilarious
wow quality content
Okay. Joji. Actually start tryin man.
why does joji look like netflix daredevil
If J. Cole shows up I’d misplace my shit
So good !! Keep just Joji and Brian, and let em cook themselves, they just have to train a lil bit and I’ll be lit !!
If I said this verse was fucking whack then I'd be lying You said you're going platinum but your momma should have gone latex I'm crying
"Throw some money on your problems"
Dont stop this series PLEASE
3:53 I didn't know brian actually know that myth lmaooo
Where can I get joji’s t-shirt its fire ??
Takoyaki looks pretty damn good... I've tried Octopus sashimi, and loved it...
"you get a dragon fly and let it bite your dick" Oh fuck I chocked on my BLT ??
take this show on the road! At least in different areas in LA
Gibe de takoyaki b0ss
From human cake to this
I just get 10 pound just by watching this video
This is the best episode yet. By faaar
how come joji's hair grew so fast?!
Awesome vid.
this is my favorite series on youtube.
Did Pink Guy was in the intro
You guys should make some vegan lasagna
Clicking into the video made me think filthy frank was back??
Pleaseu givva me da takoyaki baus
I think Brian is my only fav Indonesian rapper
Feeling some Filthy Frank vibes in this video...
Joji needs to stop wearing his sunglasses indoors
I think we know Sean's favorite guests
This is what filthy frank has come to
This was by far the funniest one so far
They must be protected at all costs
??
dude eat the burger
Frank's coming back inventibly. Joji can't resist
Just summon pink guy and make him make some dumplings already.....
Subbed for Joji and Brian ??
Joji when you coming to vegas???
These have been really great. Guests or without! You guys put out awesome content!
Does anyone else find this series cringy?
How did he not notice the sun glasses? they're on every episode
I supported you everytime. I will support you as always. Love from Turkey! ??
I came for the Franku I got the Franku minus the voice
A chicken pot pie one would be dope.
Why TF does Joji look like hes never slept for a second his entire life?
"Throw money at problems." -Joji #quotesforlife
This show is fucking golden
Insert your bitching/complaints of people who reference FilthyFrank here
I wish they had Japanese restaurants here in my town. Yummy.
1.30 pink guyyy
What the fuck Is this? Iuuggg human cake its better
Haircake
someone actually had a budget for this crap...
Looked at thumbnail Thought frank was back Am sad now
"cooking is not fun" hair cake vomit cake human cake
Okay for the last 'welcome to the feast mansion' is that franku
I Can Smell The Sweet Scent Of Animal Cruelty Even From Here
88rising is really rising.
Where is Sean Evans
These are so fun
CAPUNG DI TITIT
Essa porra deve ser mto boa Pqp
Ore wa.....
9:17 I'm howling
i’m sorry but seeing joji and takoyaki together again makes me happy
Ratatouille Flashbacks
fuck j cole
First your pour the batter, then include the invertebrate. Leave it for a couple minutes; spin it like bayblades. Then you eat some fresh balls
The song about Smores by tyler is the partyisn'tover/campfire/bimmer specifically campfire really good song 10/10.
Lmao wtf I thought joji knew what he was doing with takoyaki
Oh hell yeah rich brian knows my homie tyler broo
11:08 WuT TraCk iT IS omg that's so perfect
DIDNT FILTHY FRANK DO THIS
For some reason. I just don't trust Joji @ all. I think he would serve you cat food & crackers as an appetizer truthfully.... He would say it's some kind of SPECIAL EXOTIC FOOD IN HIS HOME COUNTRY OR SOME CRAP LIKE THAT!! Don't y'all agree with me.
chigga bring too much indonesia in his mouth
What? No vomit cake?
Hair cake.
YOU BOTH AND THIS SHITTY INDUSTRY ARE CUNTS
Joji saying ‘let your nuts hang’ gives me life
Joji and Rich brian perfect duo!! Hit me up if you wanna be a trio boys!!
Idk if it's just me but I really enjoyed it with just joji and brian
pink guy cooks takoyaki and rap
This is literally will it takoyaki with Asian Rhett and link aka joji and Brian ????
$uicideboy$ for Hot Ones!
Gimme de takoyaki boss
Now I’m fuckin hungry
That aint it cheif
10:18 That smile, that damned smile..
ITS FILTHY FRANK MOTHER FUCKER, ITS FILTHY FRANK BITCH!! Let's get some pussy tonight....!
Are they brothers? Is Joji "Joji Brian" or just Joji?
Wow his hair grew (sarcasm)
2:06 when chin chin takes almost all the chromosomes you have
* exhales*
They should call Red Dick to teach em cook..
hell ya
all of the episodes so far have been awkward, but this one was especially awkward.
brian talking about guy fieri made me remember when joji dressed up as guy fieri in multiple videos lmaoo
Brian is like 10 years younger than Joji but he is like a wise sage in comparison (joji ur still cool it’s ok)
1:58 I am glad too see nothing has changed from you hahaha
Looks amazing! Would be great munchie food to haha. Thanks guys, much love and respect.
Why not have Red Dick (not in character) on for an episode?
PINK GUY COOKS TAKOYAKI AND RAPS :D
From time to time, we can see glimpses of papa franku and I’m living for it
#pressfforfranku
Jojis sense of humor is ICONIC
10/10 Acting Skills
Ravioli ravioli what’s in the pocketoli
Can i habe your posey pls
When Brian talk about that dragonfly things thats true and i'm not argue about that in our nation
7:46 WTF why is Rich explaining to Joji how to make the balls.. like, Joji made a SONG about octopus balls in the past as Pink Guy.. This is sum bs..
hawwwwhhhhhhhhhh hawhawhhhh hawwweeewwhhhhhh "it's good"
Try filipino foods ????
Joji is such as messy virgo I wanna see them and Jenna Marbles have a cook off
9:26 aww it’s like he knew people were gonna bring up FF references so he stopped
Please please please
Please go back to your filthy Frank videos
The thumbnail looked like a Filthy Frank video with fake Frank. Is Joji really fake Frank??
wow!
he’s made this before in that pink guy rap
I'm not, I'm DUMB <3
"Are you considering the camera angle and stuff? I'm not. I'm.... dumb." lol joji
If I said this verse was fuckin Wack then I’d be lying
Okay why the fuck couldn’t the whole season be like this?
these r the best
????
Why is joji so attractive?
These two knobs again? Still can’t believe FWF gave them a show. So much cringe.
Look it this face joji he pink guy??
tmw you're Japanese but you Indonesian friend is better at cooking Japanese food than you.
Please let there be an edit of 10:12-10:29 of just their breathing. A 10 minute video of that sweet sweet ASMR
brian is more gentle than i thought and it makes him cuter
"Throw money at problems."
Filthy frank was a michelin star chef
that ain't it cheif
ughh everything you guys make or taste, looks so good. And I'm just sitting here getting hives thinking about my seafood allergy. D: Why does life continue to fuck me, while I'm voluntarily celibate.
I've seen better acting in pornos.
LMFAAAO
I miss filthy frank ??????
"like i get it we're in america and shit but nobody's gonna wanna eat this shit"
This is so fucking hard to watch, please George.. send Joji back to Realm: Monoxide 12
I miss joji's hair
really see some filthy frank in this episode
The funnys episods
After all those cooking raps joji still sucks at cooking lmao
Love this takoyaki episode
Don’t try and hide it that my nigga frank
something tells me joji cant cook but he can eat a coochie
So much pink stuff in thid vid ??
This nigga made rat quesadilla, rat noodle soup, and fucking baby rat churros and served it to a midget and dipped
If I said this verse was fucking wack then I'd be lying You said you're going platinum but your momma shoulda gone latex,I'm crying
The true takoyaki experience is nearly incinerating your mouth when you eat the first one hahaha
Take a shot everytime they say "like" youll die of alcohol poisoning
All that laughing?? Im definitely dropping a like
"That ain't it" -joji.
Trap dumpling
These guys cant cook for shit, this guy in a pink morphsuit does it better, heres the tutoriial ya plebs /watch?v=zKnE98Wk2lM
excuse my english but fuck your deep voices lol
4:51
Had to be Asians eating anything that walks.
watching thos helped me remember one of my fav childhood films from the early 90's(although it came out '89) Little Nemo: Adventures in Slumberland
Joji, the ultimate ex boyfriend material
Frank would’ve made rats
9:18 lmfaooo that awkward evil idea you have with your bff and makes you laugh
Why are two morons that have never been in a kitchen doing a cooking bit?
Imagine One Punch Man, but instead it was Guy Fieri. That’s my dream anime.
How high are these dudes
someone should inform Rich Ferengi that money fixes teeth lol
This better be more than 10 eps and there better be a season 2
i just camed by pants
Have found my reason to live.
They will never see this but I love youuuu this show is great
why octopus... lol
This is the type of stuff you click off from Pornhub for.
These are pretty good to watch while waiting for more Hot Ones videos.
Can Joji not move for like ONE second
Imma keep it real with u chief... T H I S A I N T IT
First you pour the batter then include the invertebrate, leave it for a couple minutes spin it like beyblades
Joji is my favorite person. No beef on Brian, he's cool.
Chopped > Guy's Grocery Games
This channel has been taken over by Joji and Rich, which I'm okay with
Isnt this what Tobi ate while with Deidara
Lmao, that toy gun is from the dollar store. (I believe)
I've been listening to so much joji ever since these videos started coming out
Joji acting like we aint see him make Takoyaki for music videos b4 boi please
Yo, fuck guests. I want to watch these meme gods fuck around ALLDAY
I mean if he can cook rat and rice balls he can cook anything
Who is that guy with the striped shirt he looks like Joji
I think joji cook this himself otgerwise theywould shoutout the cook
Before JOJI got a hair cut
Joji cooking like pink guy
THIS IS FRIGGEN CRAZY....BRIAN HAS THE SAME BIRTHDAY AS MOI MOM nd...JOJIS BIRTHDAY IS THREE DAYS AWAY FROM MOI BIRTHDAY????
What does chigga say at 4:51
I miss Frank.
Insert move on from filthyfrank comment
I'ma keep it real with you chief, (chokes) this ain't it.
Papa Franku Cooking Show !
88rising ??????
We miss you Frank
Can we not be forced to experience these morons again? I guess you need to be a millennial to not want to punch them both in the face.
Why is Joji always wearing glasses?
10:25 ???
If I watch this I’ll be cheating on action Bronson he’s my artist / chef idol and this is not nearly as entertaining
I swear rich brian's favorite word is shit
Tims potato chips for the win ! Kettle second best
I feel like Brian tries to be good but Joji just doesn't give a fuck ??
Ima keep it real with you chief
Im enjoying this feast mansion cause baby joji is here uwu
all i can think of is pink guying cooking
Like if joji and Brian should drop a collab album
My Indonesian ass was about to scold the heck out of Brian when he talked about the 'myth' and said you let the dragonfly bite your d. Thank god he corrected it.
oH WAIT NOT YOUR DICK YOUR BELLY BUTTON
Let ya nuts hang
He used to be Rich CHIGGA ?!?!?
No rats, no ravioli. No likes
I know its bad, but I'm here just to see FF references
Your hair
Lol
Im soo hungry
THAT AIN'T IT CHIEF
Wait a minute, haven't Joji done this before?
We stan a money saving shistar
Of course Joji can make Takoyaki.
Takoyaki really should be as popular as like a hotdog street vendor, it is in japan and it is honestly like one of the worlds best street foods ????
The best of rat chef
Hhahah
Let ya nuts H A N G
Whenever I see Takoyaki I’m reminded of the Pink Guy song
In case any of u guys were wondering what Tyler, The Creator song Rich Brian was talking about its Campfire/Partyisntover/Bimmer
Do not like these guys at all
This is the first time I've seen Brian without a guess shirt on one of these
This was my favorite episode so far of this show. I like them by themselves
I'LL TAKE YOU FLAVORTOWN
yo just came across this series and i hope it never ends! i love me some joji! rich brian and joji mesh so well! keep this shit coming!
I love how awkward this show is. Its great
Nice
Pero joji no se habia cortado todo el pelo? Xd
frank is doing some filthy shit
i've seen enough hentai to know where this is going.
HOW TF do you mix up dick and belly button
Bobby Flay def look like the typa dude who's into taekwondo
Nice
This is the closest we’ll get to Filthy Frank
got ink and some balls
i love how joji looks like a model in the thumbnail
0:35 BRO WTF! You made a CAREER out of making cooking fun!
Failed Kamikaze pilots can't cook
Joji is so funny he should just start podcasts
"That aint it" Laughing "That aint it" Laughing and clapping "That aint it" Almost crying fuckin killed me
Is joji nose crooked?
Hate to be this commenter but getting mad pink guy/Frank vibes from this
"S1 - E4" When this is over there better be a season 2 in the future!
There's a part of them just straight breathing keep it up franku
"Nobody is going to want to eat this shit" yup
I appreciate Joji's no fucks given cooking style.
Should’ve brought Mr.Negi gen 3
Should’ve brought Mr.Negi gen 3
Can you tell George to at least start making JojiVlogs again?
Papa frankuuuuuu
They must be on something. Why are they laughing so much?
Sean Evens is a goat
He should get red dick to cook for them
A chef losing his sense of taste is the ultimate irony and that actually happened to one the top in the world. Grant Achatz of Alinea in Chicago lost his taste to mouth cancer. Fortunately he got it back.
Gotta pay J Cole not to go ????
When your dick is so small you confuse it with your belly button.
I love it. It’s like the teacher just left the classroom so they can just screw around
"You down for that?" "I'm down, yeah." "You don't look down." "I-I'm down." "Alright :D" I love these two.
Omfg I’m so happy I’m moving back to Japan this year. I missed having Takoyaki at festivals and stuff.
Omfg they are so funny together ???? I couldn’t stop laughing ??
Will! It! Taboyaki?!
4:41
This is obnoxious ass hell. Sick of this hip hop food hipster scene.
Lol
These guys deserve their own show
These dudes are the most fucking hilarious people. (Right, this is papa franku)
I swear if he shouts I’m cookin all the dumplings
PINK GUY RAPS AND COOKS TAKOYAKI
honestly joji and brian seem like really fun people to just chill with
Rat burrito next pls
Joji is baked as shit
are bonito fish big?
Wow joji your hair grows so fast!
Gorengan you know?? Indonesian food ??
How did he grow his hair back so fast or was it pre recorded
kings
The interaction at 4:45 is killin me
Yo I want to watch the takoyaki master at work.
7:24 lmao the shade
Love those balls man they look good
"wait not your dick your belly button" -Rich Brian, 2018
Takoyaki Rap was some fire bars from Franku back in the day
No Thanks!
I love watching you both cook. I waited for more videos. Yosh!
Welcome to the rice fields motherfucka
these 2 are fuckin' idiots
5:47 favorite part??
Woahhhhh, where this come from????????
we need a hair cake reunion
everytime the “We’ll be right back” part shows up, it fucking kills me
Joji was a good hair cake maker
7:04 “I’m re- r- r-, dumb”
Just what mY literally just saw them in concert yesterday ass needed ????
How is hair grow back???????????????????????????????????
Joji is fucking daddy.
Red dick laughing at their cooking skills probably
rapping while making squid balls
Pink Guy cooks Takoyaki and raps
clicked on this hoping it was octopus balls lol
This ain’t it chief, not the cheeseburgers
“Cooking is not fun” -man who made a large amount of his fame rapping about cooking.
I could watch these two all day.
That delay until they realise how hot the takoyaki is
Brian needs to stop playing. We all know that boy can cook
anyone gonna tell me the names of the hot Asian chicks in the cutscenes like 1:28
this is my favorite episode
Cooking with joji channel.
“she’s some old lady... she had like zero calcium growing up.. *laughing*”
why can't joji stop moving lol
Favorite new series on YouTube
Is it just me or does anyone hear the beginning beat to the soon-to-be-published Wanted U by Joji?
You guys cant just end this show this is my life now and if it leaves cuz they aren't celebrating in the mansion anymore ima bea upset????
Joji out here jugglin everything he touches
I think George said “Welcome To The Feast Mansión” in that way as a joke and now since they use it in every episode it haunts him.
i need more dammit
WHEN ARE YOU GONNA MAKE SOME HAIR CAKE?
but can they make a sociopath?
No offense, but Rich Brian kinda looks like he has down syndrome.
That ain't it cheif
Rich Brian looking like Meredith from The Office...
Rich Brian says "like" waaaay too much.
bro joji is so fucking fonnut holy shit
the way joji was so careless with the batter gave me so much anxiety
BRING BACK JOJIVLOGS
Joji and Rich Brian have VERY good charisma together and very funny, I really liked this episode a lot.
No hate to the chefs but it’s way better with just joji and Brian
Joji wants to hire a caterer because he legit sucks at cooking hahahah.
Franku YOU HABR DA HENTAI (tentacle) BALLS
come and tickle my tentacles and tell me that I'm weak i got ink and some balls
Lol my aunt won Joji’s favorite cooking show
Yo Joji, tell Pink Guy I miss him ????
This is the greatest friendship of all time.
Feijoada
Feijoada
Pão de queijo
Pão de queijo
Those Bonito flakes are huge ! The stuff we get from our local asian market looks like fish food : [
I think Joji should cook for the party like he cooked as Pink Guy. Who doesn't like rice balls or fried noodles?
had to replay 1:09 a few time to check if that chick wearing anything down there lol.
Bri, kok ragu mau ngomong Indonesia? Lagi nelen kali ya..
Bri, kok ragu mau ngomong Indonesia? Lagi nelen kali ya..
JOJI COOKS TAKOYAKI AND RAPS
For sure the best episode so far
Balls? Balls? Can I have some Takoyaki please?
for anybody wondering, brian is talking about the song "campfire" by tyler at 6:20
U should have asked pink guy for advice
let them cool!? fuck that shit!
O c t o p u s b a l l
I like how Pink Guy knew how to cook but Joji doesn't
Why do we still eat such intelligent animals? This is like eating a dolphin or a monkey its fucked up
JoJi still has hair
ALL KINDS OF BALLS??
This is such a stupid series
I love how there is just a pink guy in the intro
I love this show
Oh shit i though that was only in dragon ball
ITS FILTHY FRANK MOTHAFUCKA!
Joji looks like if chlamydia was a person.
88 truly is double happiness
RICH BRIAN AND TYLER THE CREATOR NEED TO COLLAB NOW
Enough of this bullshit, just have the party already.
anything that has Joji in it I would definitely watch it over and ouhvvverrrr again!
Brian’s food is how I want my life to be, Joji’s food is how my life actually is
Oh man I love Bonito, Kero Kero Bonito
Francis of the filth
I feel like I just got humble flexed on
Want to make this at home so bad
Can you release some recipes please
Joji having that Pink Guy PTSD, he's so done with all this cooking shit xD
the only way to eat takoyaki is when it's so hot that you burn your mouth off: right out of the pan
This might be the worst food show on Youtube but my oh my are these two hilarious.
Is that a filthy frank
??????? ?? ?????? ?????? ??? ?????????????
i'm thirsty for Joji ????????
I never comment, but I will now because nothing would make me happier than a shitty cooking show with just these two beautiful boys
rip all the kids that let a dragonfly bite their dick
the two of these guys together is amazing
4:09 let ya nuts hang
I like cooking shows but this is this best and the funniest cook show ever
From what I've heard, Guy Fieri is an asshole in real life.
"Cooking is not fun" Jojivlogs 2018
Just don't even try lol
How about a Test Drive with our boi joji?
Frank has become Joji who is a fuckboy with a meme page, am sad
Joji should make a youtube channel dedicated to his mini outbursts of his alter ego
Hoi
How have I not noticed the Indomie in the background
Try make Rendang
Were these filmed before he made his music because he still has his hair in this.
Remember that time Joji cooked with Hair and Joey Salads urine?
Thank you for the free series!
The start was just bullying Joji lul
How many times are you people gonna keep bringing up pink guy and filthy frank?
And here I've gotten over Papa Franku But thank you YouTube for the the feels tho.
We Thai's eat insects. Deadass, shit's hella nice.
Rich Brian: Welcome to the Feast Mansion Joji: WeLcOmE tO thE fEAst MaNsIOn
i swear to god joji's laugh makes my day every time
Do a microwave bread episode
what the fuck is this show man, lmao
so we just goin forget papa franku doing rat chef?
What, no rats?
Frank...plz come back
Finally!!
Who’s Joji?
Rich chigga cooking skill is so good..
I remember Papa Franku rapping while making Takoyaki ;c
I was honestly hoping the chef today would be red dick
Rip frankuuu
that was 10/10
Why does joji resemble Filthy Frank? And why does Brian resemble Rich Chigga?
I love takoyaki!!!
9:26 "He's coming out!!! I must resist!!!"
Absolutely love this series!
Stop talking about franku, he clearly wants to move on.
You can see his filthy frank cooking instincts kicking in
It would be so nice to see hints of Frank every now and then so I know this is the same fucking person but he's so underwhelmingly composed and filtered, really need some of that cynical anti pc shit before I get sick of this boring vanilla sellout. I feel like I regret wishing he showed his real side and his music coz he completely gave up on the og shit and that just feels disheartening because as a fan, I miss the shit that got me hooked in the first place, no offense to his real persona, but he's too NORMAL for the screen, and honestly, not that entertaining anymore. I wanna think he's faking it and shit but I'm slowly starting to feel like this is who he always has been and filthy frank was just a medium that he doesn't respect anymore which to me as a fan is disappointing. I don't wanna say this but when he was unfiltered, he seemed more "real"??? I have so many mixed feelings, I just wished we'd still have access to his raw side, I would still respect him as a music artist, maybe even more. Having a real musician have his own show would be so nice and he could be true to his fans and be different than other rappers but well, when in Rome. I hope somehow this reaches him and I hope he does something about it before people like me stop following him for not staying connected to his roots. I just feel like Filthy Frank, his opinions, and the general community that it manifested was just a class above and meant a lot more to me than this sad chigga music. I just wanna see hints of the shit that started all this coz I'm not fukin with what seems to be going on with his career.
Safari man tried to come out at 5:48
8:31 wow. I got the deja vu
“PINK GUY COOKS TAKOYAKI AND RAPS”
cooking with filthy frank?
“we gotta pay him NOT to show up” LMAOOOO i fw J. Cole tho
Get Pink Guy in here so he can cook up a storm.
noob
Okay, we like these dudes but seriously, can yall stop uploading their vids/advertisement? They aren't that interesting when they're cooking, upload some content we actually subbed for.
800th comment!
I hope this doesn't mean the end of Feast Mansion
Joji can’t cook without vomit. He’s out of his natural habitat
I love this show, because of the hints of filthy frank and the pleasing aftertaste of no dead rodents and friendship
Boney toe-flakes?
now THIS is some good fucking content
Joji wtf
Brian the type of dude to eat street food and use the curb as a plate
Joji has to be not trying on purpose there is no way i refuse
Papa frank, your children miss you
I always end up watching these on the toilet
everytime joji laughs but gpa is raised
Hey bOss
When they were breathing super hard it felt like a much dank video lmaoo
4:48 That smile, that damn smile...
Brian’s like the older brother figure in this relationship even though Joji is older I love it lmao
Rich Brian seems to know what he's doing!
This is about some of the dumbest shit I've ever seen, and I've seen some shit.
Joji doesn't give a shit about anything anymore lol
Joji wants to eat bugs, Brian apparently wants em to blow him
Fuck you joji...get out of the kitchen you disrespectful cancer sac
Who are these people?
welcUm to the fEAst MAnsion
Rich Brian and Joji are such good friends :D
3:33 the moment when Brian is done with Joji's thought and is like, "you're dumb"
this is filthy frank lore
CALL IN RED DICK MAN C’MON
3:54 how do you mix up dick and belly button?
Bring back Joji Vlogs ya cunt
After all the welcomes to the feast mansion i really expected a "welcome to the ricefield motherfuckers"...
So in all those Pink Guy cooking music videos, did Joji have someone else cook for him bts?
ive watched all the first we feasts with them too much
Is it me or Brian just innocently forgot to turn off the stove? ??
This is the best episode yet
The outro is my favorite part of these videos, song fits percectly
Lol they communicate like spergs
Their cooking looks delicious.
Does Joji not like his eyes? Always high?
LMFAOOO i love
i didn’t want this video to end
Hamburger ethnic food is always bad, hamburger takoyaki, hamburger pizza, hamburger pelmeni; It's all bad.
They should make a cake ;)
amazing content here pls keep it up
Jojis takoyaki looks like something I would shit out and Brian's takoyaki looks like my gf shit.
Get pink guy on this show (:
JOJI COOKS TAKOYAKI AND RAPS
This’s lowkey a GMM will it episode
joji is so happy in this video awh :,)
10:15 when you N U T but she keep suckin
3:56 What does Brian say he goes wait no, and then I can't understand... Anyone know ?
Does vomit cake count as a Japanese street food
filthy frank!!!!!!!!!!!!! get off soundcloud. Comeback to youtube
didnt this nibba cut his hair
I have the same shirt as Joji
we all know what happened last time he made "street food"... fresh from the streets
not down with these 2 at all sorry but i feel like these episodes are for kids
09:26 - 09:30 When Filthy Frank is trying to come out but Joji is resisting.
Joji looks like he stinks
"I'm dumb" -Joji
Anyone else wish that the caterer was just pink guy?
Did they pre record this
does it bother anyone else that brian says welcome to the feastmansiom twice?
I love how Brian tries so hard to perfect his, while joji is just being joji ??
Its filthyfranks motherfxcker..its filthyfranks bitch..!!!
this show sucks ...
LOL how many years did it take this guy to realize his outie belly button wasn't his dick?
i love joji but this was so boring...
Holy shit at my town we got a different type of story with the dragonflies, if one bites you(at any part of your body) people said your sick was gonna fall off ????
Seems like jojo is a one friend atmosphere type of guy.
Anyone else watching this while still having no idea who/what 88 rising is?
Take “a” out of the title
Welcome To The Feast Mansion
Men, i dont really like show like this, but its sooooooo fucking funny
PaPa Frank 'u' still alive ??
That Filthy Frank coming out at 8:36
Did anybody see the cringe Fine Bros video about Joji where the company refused to say Filthy Frank. they said “he previously had a very strong following on YouTube.” But didn’t say the name of the channel once and refused to leave a link in the bio.
This is amazing
3:49 oh
damn brian the song at the end is fucking FIRE
Why is joji pretending he can't cook shit, I mean he was dressed up as guy fieri but was a rat chef
I wanna let a dragonfly bite my dick
8:36
Am I the only one who was anxious about Brian not turning off the stove the entire time they were eating?
i was pretty confused when brian said 'bite your fuckin dick'. i was like did i did it wrong?
2:12 my father taught me to never trust a man who wears sunglasses indoors
i want to hangout with the guys for a day
Where the subtitles
90% of the comments are about filthy frank
This feels like a much dank episode.....
Joji should make an appearance as Papa Franku for the finale of this thing. Just as a final send off to Franku for the fans
It needs some hair and blood sacrifice for cooking to be fun
“Pink Guy cooks takoyaki and DOESNT rap” lmao
Before watching: sees title finally something joji can be good at....right? But, knowning joji will find a way to mess up. Lol.
Can we have a cooking video of Joji only speaking in Japanese please, thanks.
that joji guy should get his own channel fr
Joji got polio confirmed
joji's laugh is like my salvation dude
Love the new episode of drake and josh
Damn i want eel sauce, so good
Ey b0ss can I habe takoyaki pls? ............b..bb..bbb0ss... b0ss I habe a cancer ....... b0ss
Drinking game: Anytime someone comments something Filthy Frank related in videos with Joji!
joji almost dropped the retarded at 7:05 YIKES
Feels like Joji and Brian could be some serious environmentalists. Brian with the shrimps last episode and joji with the insects.
Im so glad this exists
Well now we know what Rich Brian does with dragonflies
Do you guys know Chef?
fucking LOVE the series! Keep them coming bois!
see you in paris dad xx
b0ss hey b0ss b0ss pls I habe a canserr b0ss b0ss hey b0ss b0ss pls I habe a canserr b0ssb0ss hey b0ss b0ss pls I habe a canserr b0ssb0ss hey b0ss b0ss pls I habe a canserr b0ssb0ss hey b0ss b0ss pls I habe a canserr b0ssb0ss hey b0ss b0ss pls I habe a canserr b0ssb0ss hey b0ss b0ss pls I habe a canserr b0ssb0ss hey b0ss b0ss pls I habe a canserr b0ss
9:25 pink guy trying to escape
read conservative tree house website for real news. the Honduras migrant caravan is like Europe migrant crisis. NGOs are terrorists. paul ryan is closet dem=want kill medicare, dems kill medicare by overcrowded system with illegals,but give themselves subsides/exemptions.
Rich Brian the name change is just odd to say dosent work
FUCK THE RULESSSSS RULESSSSS RULESSSSSS UUUU UUUU
That's Filthy Frank motherfucker.
99% JoJi comments = Filthy Frank fans. The other 1% dont know who Filthy Frank is.
These two are the most boring characters ever. BRING BACK PAPA FRANKU
When are we gonna get red dick the culinary genius on to cook
"Balls on ma face"
This is comment 667
Rat chief 2?
Cringefest 2018. Tik Tok here they come.
GODDAMMIT WE STILL HAVE CLONE FRANK WHY IS THE REAL FRANK STILL HELD BY CHIN CHIN
My two favorite bois making takoyaki lol
I bet Joji's next song will be about how depressed he is because he can't cook
So no more pink guy but we get this shit, really?
Close your eyes and listen 10:11
The eye contact while they were eating kills me. He's like getting to look joji in the eye like 1ft away with a mouth full of food lol
Who am I? Who am I? Yup yup, it's Pink Guy!
man, joji didnt remember his past tho 0:36
8:22 LET ME TAKE YOU TO FLAVORTOWN
Brian, you 11pm-thumb for that marshmallow, my mind flashing eating "gorengan" with "kolak". Oh man. ??
ALL I NEEDED WAS A STICK GRAB THE MARSHMALLOWS MOTHERFUCKERS GETTING LYNCHED AND BURNED
when brian said about dragonfly thing, i tought it was hilarious if HE actually did that when he was a child. because it's not should bite on a dick. but belly button.
gordon ramsay hot ones
what's Joji's hairstyle called, i wanna copy it.
Dragon fly's don't bite.
That ain't it, chief. 4:53
"Will it Takoyaki!? Lets talk about that." queue up good mythical morning theme song.
That J. Cole shot was smooth lmao
Just the visual of Guy Fieri going Super Sayan man please make it real
8:40 rat chef flashbacks
Go watch Joji- Test Drive lets get our papa to #1 on Trending.
Best episode yet for sure. This is the formula right here, just let these two goof around and cook their own food and let the fact that their actually friends carry the show
Would've loved to chill with these guys when I was college. Now I'm a grumpy older millennial and I feel like I'm watching school boys act a fool.
remember when joji did takoyaki and rapped
Cooking show: Do not cook this, pay someone to do it.
this shit is fucking hilarious, liked this one even more than the others ones
Are we gonna ignore the bottles of Los Calientes Sean must have been there lol
Welcome to the Joji and Rich Brian channel lol
Whats that moving thing at 1:51 ?
Where can I get that dope First We Feast Piece they have in the kitchen?
TRY NOT TO FUCKING LAUGH @ 10:10
When’s the Joji/Brian sex tape coming out? ??
IFrom FilthyFrank to this. Why?
Is that jojivlogs
WOAAAAAAH!
It's a retired Filthy Frank cooking video. I'll take it!!
She don’t wanna tell lies
3:57 True lmaooo
LMFAOOO this part had me pissing myself 10:15
these guys are definitely baked
F
Ayo who shipping joji and kero kero bonito
Best episode so far!!
joji laughing and giggling is the holy elixir I never I needed ??
Indonesian food pls
Please let me take Rich Brian home and feed him.
So, after several videos of George cooking on the filthy Frank channel you guys make it seem like he's a complete retard on the kitchen? That really wasn't necessary
joji channeling his inner filthyfrank
This is so different from Filthy Frank lol
The pancake version of it is called æbleskiver in denmark and is a x-mas dessert
Welcome to the feast mansion
This show is some of the cringiest shit I've seen on youtube
Brian, goreng tahu bulat aja
Octopus balls
also nostalgic memories of PINK GUY COOKS TAKOYAKI AND RAPS
Filthy Frank and Rich Chigga present: WILL IT TAKOYAKI?!
No way George is Australian
What are you GAY?
Papa Franku please!
Why not have binging with babish on for an episode?
is that joji the aloof youtuber who thinks he's a rapper?
Filthy frank
Love these guys. But real talk The fatter guy will always know how to cook better. Deductive reasoning through taste buds ??
“Imma keep it real witchu chief This ain’t it” ????
From eating pube cakes
This is literally the best fucking show ever
This is amazing
When Joji said that thing about J. Cole ??
they seem so baked XDDDD
I wonder if Joji fucks up on purpose, because it's way too much man, nobody is that clumsy hahahaha! It's cute, tho!
Calamari on steroids.
MuchDank do your work
Unsubbed! Because apparently this is just Jojis channel now ??
At 10:18 pink guy soul came out from joji
It was boring
j. cole has left the chat
"Just let a dragonfly bite ur dick; wait ur belly button not ur dick"
wheres sean?
10:13 audio homoerotic asmr
5:49 "it's a family recipe"
Could and do make this easy at home, on a old wood-burner from 1809 :D
It's my birthday, pin this comment.
I think I'm falling in love with George??
I have octopuscalciumsis
I’m taking you to flavor town.
EY BAUUUUUS
taco-yaki sounds good
For being the world's greatest chef, Joji is pretty ass at cooking.
1:10 who is she?
Love Joji's jazz hands
z e r o c a l c i u m
"It's gonna be fine..." shoots drum, locks eyes?? 00:57
Trick I learned eating takoyaki, bite a little bit out of the top so you can blow into it to cool it down, avoids the 3rd degree burns to the inside of the mouth
Please go back to skit comedy...
PINK GUY COOKS TAKOYAKI AND RAPS https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zKnE98Wk2lM&t=0s&list=PL9SK5uDMlIIK-ODXSwi7vQppDbQmojA51&index=21
Filthy Frank really shined in this episode!
So Joji went from being the Great Papa Franku to this pleb shit ? Sad story
joji don't pretend like you never made takoyaki before lmao
Filthy Frank's spirit was trying to come out with that "gouge his eyes out" comment
PINK GUY COOKS TAKOYAKI AND RAPS
I need more of these
They need to get red dick to cook, he makes a mean sirache shrimp
Who the fook are these guys! Haha
kudos to the storyline tho
I swear these get better and better each episode
The age old question: Will it takoyaki? ????
I'm halfway through the video and I'm wondering if this is a cooking show or an eating show.
Correct me if I’m wrong but wasn’t the octopus balls cooked on filthy frank with Pink Guy rapping in the back.
I swear, the faces he makes. Reminds me of, FilthyFrank vibes.
Could we het howtobasic in one of these videos.
Bruh
Fucking name a better duo, I'll wait.
Where's the beat bruh "Pink Guy cooks Takoyaki and Raps"
Frank style episode on fleek rate 10 debos of 10
PINK GUY COOKS TAKOYAKI AND RAPS
Tickle my tenticles joji
1:30 if you want to skip the shite and watch the actual video, lol.
Early ??
This is cool except the scripted segments. Who came up with that idea?
from 10:11 to 10:28 is real content lol
The sweet version of takoyaki looks similar to aebleskiver except it's usually dipped into a strawberry sauce instead of having the sauce drizzled on top
i dont know man, the one who talk is indeed joji but the cooking part is definetly franku
I love it soo fucking much
7:25 HOLY SHIT LOL
Franku has got cooking experience
Joji picking the best bites!
Joji is just another Frank character. In a few years when he reaches the absolute height of his music career and starts winning awards he’s gonna hop on stage and ask the crowd for their chromosomes.
1:23 that voice sound familiar to me ... Its still in him
Is it the last one?
I love these
please make rice balls
Joji is right. It won't be long before meat isn't economically viable and we start eating more bugs. In America we probably flip out on the idea, like we straight up...LOSE OUR SHIT. In Asian countries and Europe, it's more common. Once again, they are ahead of the curve. Personally, I've had fried crickets, that tasted like bacon and cheddar. I also tried them without flavoring. Not bad. Tasted like..sunflower seeds. It was very mellow. I'm eager to eat more bugs! Don't worry, no one is going to kiss you! ??????
Now you really need guy fieri on here
Don't worry joji I still piss the bed too
THIS AIN'T IT CHIEF
JOJI COOKS TAKOYAKI AND RAPS
What the hell is going on in this world.
filth... i mean joji actually prefers baking over cooking
Joji: "I'm done cooking. Let's stop this shit" Brian: "Wait... let's do it though. I'm good at this.."
Still waiting on a hair cake recipe
Full on i would pay to watch this if it was on Netflix
happy seeing joji happy
i wonder if anyone else has uttered the words "oh wait! no, not your dick, your belly button"
10:10 are they sucking for each other?
it's almost the same as us in Denmark calling "æbleskiver" (apple slices) which is just the dough eaten with jams and powdered sugar
gblg anjing rich brian salah ngomong WKWKWKWKW, ngakakk
4:53 me @ life
This channel has became joji and rich brian’s special culinary channel and I don’t even want to complain
i couldnt sleep bc i kept crying but then i remembered feast mansion comes out on wednesdays and i could rest
Joji is better at baking cakes.
Anyone else at school?
8:31 is that Chef Rat?
I feel like Brian asked who was gonna clean up the kitchen cuz he's a responsible boi
I'm mad about the fact that takoyaki has nothing to do with taco cos I keep having taco in mind the entire video and now I'm craving for it
I didn't watch this video. I came here to say I hate these two idiots, and I won't watch anything that features them. Neither has talent; neither is funny; neither is interesting. These two are examples of what happens when people who do stupid shit get famous. I want these two not to be famous any more.
"Don't even try it, just throw money at it" The realest cooking show on YouTube.
I think Joji got tired of cleaning kitchens.
When is he gonna make dumplings like the good ol days
This is the perfect episode. So fire ??
Can't we just move on? Yeah nah, not yet
Get Tyler, the creator on the show
"you know how when you were younger, you used to wet the bed and shit?" Joji: "i still do"
Please pink guy for guest next episode
Zero calcium gang
Am I the only one who noticed that they're saying the word "Like" way too much? xD
Ey boss!
these kinda piss me off bc theyre old and jojis hair is short so its just like watch prerecorded shit
autistic chopstick skills
Joji just can’t be not filthy >:}
God, I love this so much, 2 of my favorite artists of all time collaborating with one of my favorite YouTube channels of all time. Lowkey Like a dream come true
Brian always talks with his mouth full. It honestly makes me uncomfortable.
U aint rich brian u cant run from who u are
How fast does his hair grow???
Im not gonna lie but im loving this series ?
Drinking game idea, do a shot everytime rich brian says "like"
Made the same mistake of eating my first takoyaki basically right out of the pan lol
PAPA FRANKUUUUU
3:56 wtf does brian say here?
pink guy
PAPA FRANKU
"Let your nuts hang" Joji -october 2018
Dragonfly myth never dies
“HAMBURGER PLES”
"You wanna press the button jodi" he didnt even know his name lol
Cooked a hair cake and you telling me he don't know how to cook?
haha good stuff.
Joji: "Cooking is not fun" Me: cmonBruh
Lmao, FUCK JCOLE
It’s my Mama's recipe.
I miss franku... we need him with this fortnite shit we need him more than ever
HAMBURGER PLS
Funny lol
Throw money at problems lol
Right cheek looks thick.. and i dont mean while he's eatin' - hope he's ok.
okay but mexicans do that too light kids belly buttons so they don’t wet the bed??
I'm too old for this shit..
Joji sold out
joji's cracks are showing. any more fame and he might just go back and talk to pink guy lol
Crassic* Japanese street food
Press F to pay your respects to Franku
This is the best episode ??
whens the joji ashmit collab
Brian, give 'em the sate padang!
11 minutes feel like only 5 mnt :")
filthy cooking
This isn't the greatest cooking show of all time it is only a tribute
more enjoyable just the two of them
insert pink guy reference here
Soo.. this party already hapened...?
Brian is the expectation and Joji is the reality xD
goji looks like some kinda franku goblin
So, indo street food next?
10:15 close your eyes
Bapak brian,itu capung gigit udel bukan tytyd :(
Joji ans rich brian is the 2 gods.
The intro song is "light" by Pill Low and Hamster.
But did he Jojo carry ketchup in his mouth
takoyaki god
But did he put ravioli in his chest pocket
I’d eat Joji’s balls, u kno, the takoyaki ball HAH
these guys.. pure cringe... me no like :p
They could just call Red Dick, last I remember dude was a Gourmet chef.
Yep I am right, whatever these two are doing it still entertaining ??
Filthy come home filthy, max misses you anything for views misses you, even idubz misses you (Cut to idubz dancing )
G to the A to the R to the B to the A to the G to the E!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! WHAT DOES IT SPELL? FEAST MANSION!!!!
White niggas when they try guacamole: 10:18
Its Joji Frank motherfucker!!!
rat chef
Awk
my favorite series rn
Just 1 nyassss is enough to my year perfect.
The intro though! The best takoyaki I've ever had was at a food stand run by a little old lady who looked liked she never had any calcium growing up lol
>Make a shitty show >Invite cringy people over >Have Joji because he makes everything funny >profit
There are so many takoyaki in asia
I dont like these two.
Bring the old bastard out
ICE POSEIDON MADE YOU!
Rich chigga kinda has a lil xan mouth
I bet 5 dollars joji can actually cook
best cookingshow? tell that to the guys from @EpicMealTime
But why
Orewa takoyaki-ga daisuke nanda-yo
Imagine Gordon Ramsay teaching them to cook something
THE PIZZA FLOAT
rich brian and joji catering cheat show, love it
They're like the main foundation of 88rising ?? i love them so much
I made it a minute in. What is this crap?
i paused the porn i was watching to this lol
Joji actually already made a video about this
Joji will never escape Pink guy swear haha. Papa Franku.
is that joji? HEY BRING BACK JOJIVLOG!
Is this joji vlogs?
there's 4 voices saying "Welcome to the feast mansion" and for the first 4 episodes It has been with Joji and Rich Brian. so when will Rich Chigga and Filthy Frank appear since I swear I definitely hear their voice?
9:20 Bro don’t suppress it Joji!! Let that demon out (or chin chin will force it out)!!
Ok.FWF Got a good hook with jojo especially right before quitting but yeah this is the span zoid of Joji but just more limits and hold backs, can see how he handles not going back in character lol. Love no matter what. :)
Joji is just jealous he doesn't know how to microwave #bread
Brian and George are such a power couple
New drinking game- Every time Brian says LIKE... chug it
Brian just better at cultural puberty
Abridged instructions: First you pour the batter, then include the invertebrae, leave it for a couple minutes, spin it like Beyblades, then you eat some fresh balls. Then you eat some fresh balls. Then you eat some fresh balls, homie.
Joji getting chubby
Haha I have that same shirt Joji’s wearing lol
Get some new peeps to do this segment. Shit is getting annoying.
Hoping fior yakitori!
THIS AINT IT CHIEF
Bruh my boy Brian its not dick, its belly button hahahaha
PINK GUY COOKS TAKOYAKI AND RAPS
Yea Brian is the better cook
Joji's goin full normie
Is this fake Joji?
god these videos make me miss filthy frank so much :/
Let ya nuts hang
Isn't joji going to rap while cooking takoyaki-- oh,.... right
"Imma keep it real with you chief" ????LOL
These videos suck they just remind me i won't see any more filthy frank and instead get boring joji and brian. I would trade a million joji and brians for one franku
"let your nuts hang"
I was literally just catching up on Rich Brian's video
Daddy franku
joji not fitting in
The guy in the yellow looks like Asian lil xan
JOJI SHOULD BE RAPPING WHILE MAKING GYOZA
Joji makes Takoyaki on Filthy Frank but then he comes here and he's suddenly incapable of even filling the batter correctly? Hmmmmm
this is the worst series thats been on this channel....
lol we all know the pain of burning your whole mouth while eating hot takoyaki
Next episode: ravioli
Joji, are you being intentionally terrible for the sake of the show, you silly bastard?
Name a perfect duo... ill wait
Finally, Jojivlogs
GMM: Will It Takoyaki?
Joji should bring Mr.Negi Generation 3 to help
YO THAT SALES WOMAN IMPRESSION!!! HHAHAAHWTFOMFG
I wait for new episode just because i wanna hear joji says "Welcome to the feast mansion" in papa franku style
What kind of sick historical revisionism is this???!?!
B0SS, can I have a takoyaki please ?? Jojis laugh gives me life
From vomit to hair to human to takaoki
briann ????
Kicking him in the balls could potentially take away his ability to reproduce. Which is worse? No vision, or no kids.
Make a green sushi basically sushi covered on wasabi
I figured joji would be better at making takoyaki
Hey bous, can i habe pizza?
Them being themselves in anything is already good
I've never had a cooking show make me laugh so hard.
11:02 "throw money at problems" lmao. Thats kind of true hahahahaha
"haha, look joji did a filthy frank reference" comments incoming
Pertamax !
THAT AINT IT
Question can i make it without rhe octopus???
Joji needs to introduce Rich Brian to Ian, Max and Warren and they can all contribute to one hell of a cake video ;))
That intro song tho????????
Where's the subtitle?
Bobby Flay would girll yo ass
Joji stop pretending like u ain't ever rapped and made takoyaki at the same time before
Filthy prank..
"we got to pay him not to show up" bhahahahaha
3:49 ooh?!?!???
Wow, where did that come from?
We need an entire series of just the contrast between Joji and Brian's cooking styles, plus a supercut of Joji flinching at various things. But I love how you can totally tell Brian was raised by restaurateurs.
I’m just chillin making takoyaki balls erryday
Zero calcium grown up lady????
bad video
I prefer him as himself. I want to see more Joji.
3:03 why are the flakes moving
Make a damn filthy fank cameo like the whole internet would love to see. Especially in these pc times #weneedthefilth
4:09 MuchDank Please just do your Thing ??
An iconoclastic view into the culinary world of S P I C Y B O I S
close your eyes at 10:10
Depressed man cooks takoyaki and didn't rap
1:44 octopus balls hold up
was there still octopus in the desert takoyaki
88rising nambah onee
Takoyaki Takoyaki What's in your Pocketyaki?
I thought Joji was pretending to be terrible at cooking when he was Filthy Frank, but holy f*ck he's just naturally clumsy.
It's all flavor town again
New drinking game! Take a shot every time you hear "like". Good bye liver.
THIS AINT IT CHIEF
How awkward was it to film the skit in the beginning?
FYI Brian parents have a cafe in Jakarta so no wonder he's good with cooking
I just realized that Joji is 7 years older than Brian...
Rich Brian, the artist formerly known as Rich Chigga
i can relax
S/o to those of us who didn't even realise that YouTube went down.
When you think about it, it's pretty fucked that they're cooking Octopusses. They're really smart creatures.
Love this show
Ily!!!! ??????
8:28 Take me to FLAVORTOWN throwback feels :'((((
This is like Asian Beavis & Butt-head
Why is joji always hovering??????????
Chef
Rich Brian is the same age right now that I was when I first heard Partyisntover/Camfire/Bimmer by Tyler the Creator, the song he said he listened to as 'a little kid' I feel ancient
damn i thought the other eps were good with guests. shit is waaay better with just them
remember the days where joji made videos in his small shitty room? so weird to see this in comparison
Watching this so much and now “History” is my new jam.
God damn he uses the word like as a verbal crutch.
papa frank please come back
I want to go to the rice field boss
wwhere the chef at/
When Bryan said let it by your dick, I was like "nooooooo, that's not it!" but then I think again, they should really put it on the dick than just on the belly button
Best cooking show of 2018. I died at 10:25, please give us more Joji and Brian food content
show me dat stick boi
I'm so used to seeing Joji wear glasses as Filthy Frank that I didn't even notice until Brian pointed it out
Joji almost started to make frank voices but caught himself because he refuses to show that side of himself again...real shame
You guys should try making meme food Starting with hair cake
Joji and Brian are recurring characters in First We Feast. And I love i5
lolololol everytime I see joji it reminds me of filthy Frank lolololololol
3:42 am glad that i'm not the only person do that when i was a kid ????
easily their best episode yet. hilarious
Pretty sure joji knows how to cook a takoyaki
2:20 when grandpa comes round for thanksgiving
IM TAKIN YOU TO FLAVOR TOWN
i love it how awkward it is and how everybody acknowledges it but proceeds anyway
4:09 "Let ya nuts hang." -Joji, 2018
“Oh, wait not your dick.. your bellybutton”
Yo why is your house haunted with reappearing food?
9:17 That's... That's pretty dark
Is this Good Mythical Morning Feast...?
what is that song at 3:59 ?
LOVED SEEING YOU AND THE REST OF 88 IN ATL LAST NIGHT!
Throw money at problems
If i was JOJI I'll make a rat broth soup and some delicious hair cake
If you don’t burn your tongue eating takoyaki, you’re eating it wrong
I never realised how funny Joji when he's just being normal. Like this is his actual personality lolll
The best show ever made
Get Pink Guy in there his octopus ball game is fire
"We gotta pay him not to show up." lmao
Name a more iconic duo, ll wait
HAMBURGR PLEZ?!?!?!
Please keep doing this eternally
Pink guy just straight up teleporting shit.
I want takoyaki now.
I miss papq franKu
Make some childhood dishes from Joji and Brian !!! <3 <3
Joji your childrens are hungry
This is why i love Wednesdays
Boinnnnnggggg
@10:12 LMFAO
"Oh shit." -Rich Brian
Lmao they both fucking hated it
EY B0SS
Yes
These kids are turds. Wish I could turn of my sub for just this series.
Have you had sunglasses the whole time?
I never clicked on a First We Feast video so fast
filthy frank fans are so toxic lmao... YEEEESE!
How is Joji this bad at making Japanese food lol
Not hating or anything but I don't think you guys should make Filfthy Frank references in Joji new work since he doesn't seem to be really proud of his past works, let the man be who he want to be, let Joji be Joji :))
I'M A MURDERER
B I G N U T
When the world needed Franku most he vanished
I LOVE jojis sunglasses
Host of cooking show: "Cooking's not fun" hahaha. Noice.
"Wait not your dick your belly button"
Great seeing Filthy Frank/JOJI actually being funny irl
hey baws i have de octopussy pleahse?
i am loving this series, it just gets better and better!
27 views
can i get a pota pls?
Hmmm H A I R C A K E
Love ya joji
The fact that the title says that they make it and the whole freaking video is them chewing is just so... It
Pyro is a fucking normie and so is Radio music
Two such underrated artists making some awesome vids!
Joji is my dad
It's soooooo funny ????????????????????????????
WE STAN a man that believes cooking is fun ??
I can’t stop watching these and I’m not mad about it
Rich Brian and Joji are underrated
This is so stupid I love it
Yooo
This made me think about Pink Guy's Food-Rap ^^
Stay Dope Man ! undang sean evans dong makan yang pedes - pedes lagi wkwk..
Where's my early boi's?
Habe you seen a ship plz
Fuck yes! I love takoyaki!
EARLY SQUAD FOR PAPA FRANKU AND HIS OCTOPUS BALLS!
Takoyaki takoyaki whats in my pocketoyaki
If it ain’t ramen noodles it ain’t street, straight up
stop fucking commenting about filthy frank ill hate to have jojis reputation
They should rename the Channel to the Joji and Rich Brian Show
Damn last time I was this early, joji was still filthy
You guys are really planing on turning them fat
Song at 1:05?
I need this everyday!!!!
joji....more like joYEET!
??????????????
Sweet ,more cooking vids with good I'll Filthy Frank.????
frank is a known connoisseur of takoyaki
2:00 wtf lmao
does joji still talks to joji?
<3
Farewell boss
Ok first we feast, I need less joji and the other one, thank, sincerely, your day 1
George Miller is fucking king
HELLLLL YEHAHHHH IVE BEEN WAITIN
Pink guy is a great cook what are Are you talking about
Teamwork makes the dreamwork
Don’t push READ MORE You rebel You can stop now Hello? Stop? You should have listened to me I’m telling you REALLY? Well, ok keep reading You don’t have to like this comment if you don’t want to Because I like my own comment Yeassss Wiggle,wiggle Wiggle,wiggle Wiggle,wiggle Wiggle,wiggle Wiggle,wiggle Wiggle,wiggle Wiggle,wiggle Wiggle,wiggle Wiggle,wiggle Wiggle,wiggle Wiggle,wiggle Wiggle,wiggle Wiggle,wiggle Wiggle, wiggle Wiggle,wiggle Wiggle,wiggle Wiggle,wiggle Wiggle,wiggle Wiggle,wiggle Wiggle,wiggle Wiggle,wiggle Wiggle,wiggle Wiggle,wiggle Wiggle,wiggle Wiggle,wiggle Wiggle,wiggle Wiggle,wiggle Wiggle,wiggle Wiggle,wiggle Wiggle,wiggle Wiggle,wiggle Wiggle,wiggle Wiggle,wiggle Wiggle,wiggle Wiggle,wiggle Wiggle,wiggle Wiggle,wiggle Wiggle,wiggle Wiggle,wiggle Wiggle,wiggle Wiggle,wiggle Wiggle,wiggle Wiggle,wiggle Wiggle,wiggle Wiggle,wiggle Wiggle,wiggle Haha Now Your Committed LOLLLL Almost finished ?? If you enjoyed this, please go SUB my channel and HIT the BELL :D
Here comes sushitrash!
AWWW YEAHHH
Habe you seen a takoyaki please?
First
Yeet
Joji is the new Sean Evans.
Darn not first
Yess ive been waiting for a week
yuh
its lit c: ??????@lilxflame
Dream Team!
yeee
*inserts funny haircake/vomit cake joke*
Second
2
early as fuck to this
Get it boiz
That fat girls fake American accent was just so wannabe American. Jeez be original.
Impractical jokers owns this store
“easy to mess up” I get dollar tree cheese and bread and it’s bomb to me
Your giving away murray’s secret
I imagine Jasmin or Jake sneezed while walking around their caves. Right after they leave, a team in full hazmat and flamethrowers go in to decon the infected.
Lol
The narration is horrible and the self-video taking is too shaky.
its a shame because this is interesting but your voice ruins it
So they use real cheese. Thanks?
Stoned reporter
different narration pls
She has an annoying voice- not working.
The girl is ugly
Im pretty sure thats not how you wash your hands lol aren’t you supposed to scrub in between your fingers and wrist?
Pomade
can this chick talk any lazier
My last name is Gabbard to wow thought I would never see another far from where I live
"Now Murrary's is literally a cheese kingdom." Go back to school
Get a gimble to stable your camera
Fire everyone
Fire the voice over chick fuckin annoying
my cat just died today and I am crying right now?????????
I’m allergic to penicillin :’/
This video is to cheesy
“They also get washed with water regularly, to keep them drying out and cracking” WHY CANT PEOPLE SPEAK?? Keep them FROM drying out and cracking, this girl probably has a degree in journalism and communication, yet she is incompetent at even the most basic writing.
The way she says cheese is so cringe
Jake looks like the whitest to ever live
In the Netherlands we call it a “tosti”
Im expecting to get some information about the cheese sandwhich, but instead they talking about jesus?!
I’m not going to pay $9 for a grilled cheese
Buzzfeed video and presentation quality is so much better than this. Did you guys record this on a cellphone ?
Boring indian host
The amount of cancer this guy sells. Dairy is cancer stop eating that shit
This is Bob: ('v') Thats All You Need To Know.
Penecylin isnt actually safe for all people. Like me, I can't have that or I could possibly die
I literally know 15 year olds who can produce a better "video" than this within a day. Hire goddamn video/audio people, they're everywhere and hungry. This is sad.
I just feel that grilled cheese is something u make at home so why pay for at a store
Woooow I wish to smell all kind of those cheese
Gosh her voice is soo annoying
This is like saying your chick has the best puss* ,but if your bragging I guess I'll try it ??????
Most annoying voice ever
i wanna know who messes up grilled cheese
that's Cheesy
I want one now
I've watched so much of Mark Wiens I missed the face when you ate
Jasmin's shallow and uninspired commentary was in painful contrast to the exciting content and excellent production quality. WTF insider?
Who else licked their lips at 2:50
They could NOT have picked a more emotionless voiceover
it's literally NOT a cheese kingdom.
But of them suck.
Do cheese expired.....
WTF eatable things written by colour pen ??
This narrator sucks
Despite the very refined choice of cheeses, one can notice that the same level of care was not applied when choosing what type bread would make the best grilled cheese. Of course, "wonderbread"-like come as the natural choice, but in fact it's too dense to adequately form a crunchy crust while melting the cheese within. And that leads to the 2nd mistake, that's to press the sandwich while grilling it. By doing it, one presses out the air bubbles within the slice of bread, effectively losing the light texture the bread has, which plays a big part in discerning the flavors. The ideal grilled cheese would comprise a crunchy crust, thin but fluffy slice of white bread and slightly melted cheese (melted enough that is becomes creamy, but not too stringy). In order to achieve this, I would suggest using bread light as possible, one's favorite cheese mix (mine is gouda and requeijão), and, most importantly, grilling each side at a time with plenty of butter over LOW heat. By doing this, I assure your grilled cheese will get all 3 textures maximized to its best.
Wow the narrator gave me a fuckin headache. Someone get her fired
This ass grill cheese is better with potato bread
Cancer on a plate
But is it Gordon Ramsay good?
0:18 murrays grilled chesse is the best in nyc looks up best grilled cheese in nyc Murrays Grilled Cheese dosent show up
You need a good cameraman, at least. Srssly..
Good topic terrible performance from the narreators
Get another narrator
how did i went from perpetual energy to grilled cheese..
It always seems like Americans invent things which are like super normal here in Europe. "The cheese is aged for a year in a room which mimics a cave"!!! We have been doing this for hundreds of years in Europe????
these peeps crave the content more than the cheese
The narrator needs to get fired ASAP
Wtf is this..a high school video? Next.
Jasime you are so cute, I want you
Narrated for kids
Why is the NY Chedder orange? That can't be natural? Never seen orange cheese before....
She REALLY ANNOYS me.
Why did I assume it was Bill Murray?
They chose the most untalented and generic people to narrate this episode.
Mustard sauce in your grill cheese is so good. I like using tasty cheese with brie add mustard and tomato chutney. Yum
Narrator sounds like she's doing her job while on the toilet
Ancient cheesemakers also used to urinate on the cheese, it acted as a preservative and a flavor enhancer...
Wow. A 6minute video about a guy ( an executive chef LOL ) taking the philosophical side about putting some cheese between two slices of breed. “ it’s the butter amount, also the bread, and the cheese too”. Get a grip dude, please.
Narrator’s voice sounds like a voice over before the sex scene
Biggest mistake by having that Indian host
Consider using a stabiliser
I just ate a grilled cheese an hour ago and then I saw this on my Recommended YouTube page. I think I'm being watched! (I'm taking off my shorts)
Anyone else find the insider girl (the blonde) kind of irritating?? Idk why lol.
Jesus its cheese
I don't mean to be rude but the voice over sounds like a pornstar
My first thought when I heard the name Murray was about impractical jokers. don't know why XD
title: Murray's cheese payed us the most
dudeeee change the video's speed to 1.25 it sounds better and normal now
it's as if im hearing her read the script. please dont get mad, we're telling u this so u can improve :)
Please look at the lense, not the screen on the camera
these guys have to be the most boring and annoying people that could’ve done this
Can't I make this at home? Minus the hype..
gets hungry
Long Island? Percy Jackson fans, let's pack our bags abd go there
Cheesus ??
When I eat cheese I poop a lot
Why is America so obsessed with grilled cheese? Like. I love it, but.. It’s fried bread and cheese, it’s really not that special.
How do you mess up grilled cheese?
“Cave master”
What’s with everyone making fun of the narrators voice Some people have different voices plz stop judging the narrator’s voice
“My wife She make a cheese from her tit” -Borat
I've been there. It's fine.
wow he makes a sandwich in a sandwich maker ! legends hahahaha dude i buttered my sandwichs since i was a boy. comon that is clearly an easy home made lazy sandwich NOTHING SPECIAL AT ALL.
Disliked because of the narrator
I mean superrrrrrr cruuuunchy
Garbage
the best grilled cheese is the one you make after waking up with a hangover
This video is intolerable because of the voice over
Producer Jasmins attitude is soo annoying
no my mom does
want eat!!<3
Now I want some grilled cheese at almost 11 pm. Dank it.
4:50 beefcake made me thirsty
I want to own this cheese factory xD
the narrator sound like she's sleepy
imagine the smell.
Chopsticks for my lips? 2:50
May I have a decillion slices please? Each with extra cheese thank you.
I just realized this is the same narrator in the video"Putting a steak in a log of butter"
I crave cheese
Only cheese I like is mozzarella
1:20 holy shakey cam
Yeah, whoever narrated this is slow and has no emotion besides boredom.
God she's cringy...
Holy mother of god's grandfather i need to have grilled cheese right now wtf that looks so good wtf
Is it just me or did i hear her say "jesus is used to be aged"
That's so boring though. Just bread and cheese.
What a terribly produced video... the whole experience was awkward, the narration was cringy and the lines were rehearsed. They literally offered nothing of substantial commentary. “I’m picky about my cheese, I like it to be creamy, I like to be able to... taste things.” No shit?
Narration was trash, sounded like she was reading a children’s book to a class of 2nd graders.
My mom makes insane grilled cheese...
5:24 “I’m picky about my cheese...I want it to taste things” ???????
Good topic, but absolutely terrible quality. Go watch a BA video or something. This is so subpar.
gets bread gets cheese cuts cheese puts cheese on the bread grills kicks throws eggs makes a mess throws cola How to basic.
The narrator speaks with "Valley Girl" accents, completely took the enthusiasm out of this video.
Wonder what it smells in that cheese cave
But where is my tomato soup ? ????
Ahh shit a video about a food place. I bet that 2 loaf and a few slices of melted cheese = 6.99.
Why does she sound like one of my voices on my gps.
Does the narrator have down syndrome?
They picked two of the most annoying two people to do this
the person narrating sounds as if they recorded with an earphone microphone.
Horrible narrator
Yes because searching "best grilled cheese in ny" on google definitely tells me its the "best"
Watching it at 1.5x because I can't
Stop looking at the screen and look at the camera lens
This is cheese heaven.
Yummylicious.
I'd rather rob a cheese cave than a bank honestly.
Gouda cheese nr1
When did it become okay to film on your Iphone. I won't ever take anyone seriously doing that
this is truly one of the worst videos i’ve seen in a while
I f8kn h8 moldy cheese. They taste gross. Brie cheese i can tolerate
I’m glad this video isn’t 3 minutes of the Asian girl cheese pulling and making funny faces.
Cheezers from regular show makes the best actually
why are these videos always so damn awkward and uncomfortable
I hate cheese but this looks sooooo good! XD
Why is the production and narration high school project level?
The narrator sounds like shes talking with her teeth clenched together.
So much hate for the narrator, I really liked it!
At 1:47 you incorrectly said that the cheese culture is covered with mold cultures like penicillin. That is incorrect. The mold you are speaking of is actually called Penicillium, that produces secondary metabolites like Penicillin. #fakefactsinsidershame
Who’s man is this narrator.
On bleecher street? How STRANGE. They must have a cheese DOCTOR.
Those cheese cave must be smelly ????
To the narrator, you need more practice
My friend steven makes the best cheese this video is fake
They secretly put crack in the cheese
they're so boring.
All the food insiders reporters are sooo FAT!!!
please use another narrator next time please
chopstick for lips? What does that suppose to mean...
She has to try to not talk so slow
the girl narrating sounds like a dumbass, and the script is bad. "they get washed with water regularly to keep them drying out"
Who made the song in the latter half of the video?
Grilled cheese chef?????
Cave master
The voice overs remind me of my middle school/high school video projects lol
The thing I like most about it is that it does not come off as pretentious, it does not use a gimmick or putting something different just for the sake of it. Because most fancy shops in cosmo cities do that and it just comes off as low attention grabbing tactics. But I don't know the price of it so I could be wrong.
cheese washing must be a great conversation starter. Where do you work? Oh I work in a cheese cave and I wash their cheese ‘-‘
Sub me.
This person’s voice is horrible. You need get someone else
I'm hungry now
Nice
Timestamp: 0:29 to 0:32 Annotation: You got that right
why do I always end up here at 2am lmao IM HUNGRY AF
Cheesus, it's like 20 pounds on a bread
I see heart attack
Schwiizer do?????
I want to show other dairy places the Murrays only cheese because it's not fair on them if only Murray has it.
voice is so annoying oml
The narrator sounds lazy
Got me fucked up if you think imma pay for a grilled cheese when I can cook it at home ?? if you can’t make one I’m sorry but you can’t go wrong.
I am talking about SUPER CRUNCHY
The place where no vegan goes
Stop abusing “literally” this store IS NOT LITERALLY A CHEESE KINGDOM. morons
Joey Tribbiabi would be proud
I'm lactose intolerant...
1:45 serendipity? Army?
Jasmin seems to be a non-native.
Do they make profits??
"Oh hey, what do you work as ?" "Oh im a CAVE MASTER "
I’m glad that there are no rats in the cheese storage
I love the part where they talked about cheese.
I'm hungry now.
’cave master’
What an annoying voice ??
yaaaaaaas girl
Mayonnaise is great ad well if you don't have butter ??
Insider is like Buzzfeed but lile 100 times better
Jake looks like a fat pete davidson
Just like curing flower in a jar :) dark, cold... Flavor.
I want this so bad
The whole video could have been explained in 30 seconds
Looks like paid advertisement with a low budget to me
prob costs like $20 after taxes
I can only eat my grrrred cheese with a thin layer of miracle whip or mayo or even spicy brown mustard on the inside, otherwise it’s just melted cheese on bread and dry af.
Lmao the narrator can stop. She is so annoying
C A L O R I E S
The music got me in some kinda feelin
Your hot jasmin do more food videos plz.
Watch at 1.25 speed :P
Get a professional narrator. This sounds like a high school project, it's embarrassing compared to Eater, Zagat and BuzzFeed.
0:27 I'm sorry but thats a lie, I've fucked up royally before and that sandwich still tasted amazing
Ace hotel NYC grill cheese!!
My panini press makes a better Grilled Cheese
I can't find a menu with prices but I feel like they would sell a grilled cheese for like $20...if so, nope
The narrator has no emotion in her voice and facial expression. It's really hard to watch....
"Best"?? that's BS
Super C R O N C H Y ????
Of course it's in NYC
It’s not grilled cheese without tomato soup, it’s just toast and cheese without it.
"What makes their grilled cheese the best?" Simple product and Marketing
What idiot messes up grilled cheese. If you can't make this or eggs than you don't belong in a kitchen
Okay....I'll have to go make my own now ....
I need a grilled cheese in my life.
1:53 this mold saved lives someone give that mold a nobel prize
Grilled cheese is idiot proof , seriously just use good cheese and not shit cheese duh !!! Not even going to watch this, useless !!!!
Yummy
One of those grilled cheese sandwiches is probably 1000 calories hahaha
LOL, his title is 'Cave Master', hahahah. I am laughing so hard. Badass.
Is it just me, or does the narrator seem dumb af? Like she has no clue what she’s talking about but
Holy cheese Son of a biscuit who didn't tell me about this!
lol @ Americans going to a restaurant to eat cheese toast
Americans find out what real cheese is ??????
this narrator is horrific ?? couldn’t finish the video lmao
INSIDER, can you do a video on Ice Cream Rolls?
brb my mom does better
Can kids eat it?
it’s the best in NYC. But can you find the best grilled cheese in the world ?
The narrator bores me
OMG It looks so tasty Well, i was talking about my lunch ????
Could any one please buy me Fortnite save the world
Who else is hungry like me?
Her voice is the most sickening voice they could’ve used
its looks good and professional
I feel hungry.
Cheesy!!!!!!!
When it says A google search my google assistant pop up
The artificial cave is a joke!! XD the air itself in the cave can drastically change the taste. This guy is just ageing cheese in a fridge.... And calling it a cave. If you want real cave mature cheddar look up, Cheddar Gorge UK you can order online. Damn... I like cheese
Narrator's voice sounds like a lazy college student. ??
I like my grilled cheese buttery and cheese
You call this a Tosti. Mwa seen better. NEDERLANDSE TOSTIE FANS VERZAMELENNNN
the vid is shaky af i now have an effing headache
No idea, I rather make my own, who the f pay for that crap
Looks and sounds divine ????
music ID @ 6:18 PLZ!
Osm cheese and nice
1:20 do they really have to be that obvious on reading the script next to the camera :/
Why does that look so gooooood!
I want one now please *rubs screen *
I don't mean to be offensive, but the voice-overs were super underwhelming and drab.
Dear friend, being a servant of hospitality is pleasing to Jesus Christ. Jesus ministry on Earth was a ministry of humble service. There is nothing pretentious about Jesus. He didn't expect special treatment. He did not chase after Fame. In fact on more than one occasion, Jesus told others to remain quiet about what they had seen Him do or hear Him say. What we learn from Jesus by His example is the importance of putting the needs of others ahead of our own. In the book of Philippians 2 : 3-4 it states, "In humility, value others above yourselves, not looking to your own interest but each of you to the interest of others." Our life is not about the pursuit of comfort and recognition. On the contrary, in pursuing God's purposes, our life is second. This is one characteristic about Jesus that we can and should imitate. We are never more like Jesus than when we are serving others. The greatest act of love and humility occurred when our Lord and Savior Jesus Christ freely suffered and gave His life for all of mankind. That through His death, burial and resurrection, all whom believe in Him may be saved from their sins. Begin your life of selfless humility by receiving the very One whom exhibits the true essence of humility. The Creator of the universe, the Alpha and the Omega, the Great I Am...Jesus Christ. Please find strength and comfort in praying the following prayer with me...Dear Lord Jesus, in our desire to be more hospitable, create in us a heart that aims to serve others in your name. May we discover that true greatness is not in fame or position but in Humble service. This we pray in Your mighty name, Jesus Christ Our Lord and Savior. Amen! ??????
Vegan grilledCheese
Oh please. I make better ones.
Good idea. The script needs a little work. The rest will come with time and practice
It sucks being lactose intolerant...??????
John Deacon would be proud. Like if you get my reference. I probably won’t get many likes ?????
Any small or big Youtubers want to support each other?????
My heaven
Why am I attracted to Jasmin
"we took a trip to these caves to learn more on how they do it" ( ?° ?? ?°)
I saw the cheese
A google search proves they hold the title for the best cheese sandwich... what???
Why is everything in NYC?
The narrator (Jasmin?) sounds like she had to wake up super early on the day of the recording while recovering from hungover.
I HATE MELTED CHEESE. IM SORRY, BUT I DO,
Well it was a bad idea to watch this at 2:00 in the morning...
Why is it always New York or California that have these places? You never see someone out here in maryland doing shit like this.
2:29 - 2:40 a portrait of mutual hatred ??
Please wash your hands properly
my grandma makes the best grilled cheese in her house
Cool vid but PLEASE stop using the word "literally" inappropriately.
There’s no way it’s better then my mommas
The narrator sounds like a momo. Who hires these schmucks?!
Ok but why buy a grilled cheese when you can make it at home? Also a grilles cheese is not easy to mess up. That's a bunch of bs lol
It's probably like $10 for one grilled cheese, outrageous.
What’s so hard about making a grilled cheese?
Covered in penicillin. Not the icky kind of mold that's bad for you, so it's safe....LIES!!! I'm allergic to penicillin!! She's trying to kill me =-=
Now I’m hungry for grilled cheese
2:46 does she mean to keep them FROM drying out and cracking?
Can you guys please do a video on Studio C. They are a HILARIOUS comedy group ?????? Seriously... you need to do a video on them
When she said it’s totally safe it sounds so sarcastic
The employee in the cave is so over it.
Too bad I’m allergic to penicillin....
Lies Our mom's make the best grilled cheese sandwiches
"It's so simple, yet so easy to mess up. So how do they do it?" I assume the rest is how they make terrible grilled cheese sandwiches. And that's not how to pronounce Gouda. They should know better. (It's pronounced like how'da)
Ew
Voice over is so bad
Whenever I make grilled cheese, it BURNS
"NYC this NYC That" Tbh they need a new topic to talk about
It's 4am and I'm hungry..
This looks delicious
I can make a grilled cheese sandwich for free instead of having someone make it for me and paying for it
Any other lactose in tolerant people out there :’’) yep *suffers
GIMMMMMEEE THIS
America is fat asf
I torture myself by watching these vids lol
Do they have the poop cheese
He was off his nut haahha
You guys are crazy its cheese and bread, done.
What!!!!!! 1 year?!?!?!?!?
Did she say mold???On the ?????Gross i am never eating that!!!
Not your mom, not your milk!!! Go vegan
Is it halal
Amazing amazing concept what the f**** Hosts voice I want to f**** slap the piss out of that b****. And btw i just farted
Yum!
Ohhhhh that is worth it haha
This whole video was too shaky, y’all need some video stabilization
Just imagining the smell makes me want to vomit
The blind test is the only true test...
Ooooo
My mouth is watering ??
recipe is: Orwashers Pullman Bread, Fontina, Redwax Gouda and NY Cheddar and dab the outside with melted butter. Enjoy.
Fire the narrator
How can a video go wrong with CHEESE!!!!!!!!
Now this makes me want to live in NYC.
insert unfunny vegan joke here
7.99 for bread and chesse I'll pass. I make my like Benny from benny and joon ??
Introducing the new Grilled Cheese diet. Eat 3 grilled cheese sandwiches a day (and nothing else) and lose 10lbs a month!
When auto translate mentions “Jesus” instead of “Cheeses”
Fast for 4 days in a row lose weight, then take one bite of the grilled cheese sandwich here and gained it all back! That's how you balance out the universe.
What is that dude talking about if your ever going to New York don’t got to Time Square it fuckin sucks
Grilled cheese good grilled cheese
Looks so good and chewy
A spa for cheese. No wonder it's the best.
For some reason I can only have a cheese toastie with ham
Hey INSIDER, the video content is good, but both hosts suck cheese, no pun intended.
I hate that girl's fake accent
yeah... her voice kinda bothered me
Cheese ain’t even THAT good tbh
the cheese looks so satisfying at 0:07
All i can Say is its better than the $250 one Lol ????????
the narrator is so damn annoying
That’s an opinion ??
Liked the video AS SOON as Grey's Anatomy was mentioned! Carry on.....
Idk why but that woman's voice just makes me wanna punch her fsr, its just sounds so annoying, is it just me?
Yum !!!!!!!!!
Garbage, I wouldn’t feed it to my dog
Deli cheese
Shitty company use to promote their product, tastes like shit
Im hungryyyyyy!!!
Grilled cheese sandwish is never my favorite .... i like my sandwish with meat in it. Rarely eat bread with only cheese.
My mom did it better
I'm so early ayyyyyyye
This Indian chick isn’t right to present ,
I'm going to have two for lunch. Though I do not have Gourmet Cheeses or expensive bread, my Grilled Cheese is crunch on the top because i put shredded Parmigiano Regiano on the side that covers that sandwich.
What if they sneezed in there? lol
I would never pay for someone to make me a grilled cheese
I like how the don't add anything super special so it doesn't overpower the chese.
I'm sorry, but the narrators voice really annoys me like c'mon talk faster, geesus.
My mom used to work at a Murray's in Kentucky at a Kroger store...
Me last name is Murray
He touch that wit hands I'll make my own ????
Jerry wants to know your location
I want a portrait of Harry Potter on a cheese
How to make the best-grilled cheese add more fat so basically make it more unhealthy and it would taste good
Cheezez from regular show.
Why is everything soo yummy in NYC . Point to be noted my law????
I want
These two said the exact same thing about the cheesecake at Eileen’s. The girl was like “heaven,” and the guy was like “buttery goodness” as well. Smh ???????
"That Be 25 Dollars"
well, i have the best grilled cheese my apartment has to offer.
I don’t like cheese ???? I don’t know why I’m watching it
Usually I click on these videos and think it’s ridiculous how pretentious these NYC restaurants are, but this actually looks incredible. So far, the best grilled cheese I’ve ever had was one I made myself, after my friends and I hosted a fancy dinner party and made a glorious cheese fondue. We saved what was left over and I decided to make a grilled cheese with it. It was the most delicious, creamy, melty grilled cheese ever.
Look Gromit! Cheese!
You post this at 6AM sure Insider I’ll just drop everything and go get a damn grilled cheese ??
vegans has left the chat
oh holy cheese
Barney Stinson must be proud when you said " we got suited up"
I want to eat all those
"Cave master"
I have never tried grilled cheese before
Why does Jake look abit like Olly Murs???
Am I the only one that thought the boots were kind of dirty at 1:27
I love grilled cheese sandwiches and this video is making me really hungry
1:48 I'm afraid you have Penicillium, the fungi used in cheese mixed up with Penicillin, the antibiotic... Good video anyways!
2:02 "cave master" what a fun job title. I'd love to introduce myself like that
Yummy
Indian version is called "butter toast" And its 10 Rs only.
I think jamie olivers cheese sandwich with a crown is better try search iy
GRILLED TO PERFECTION
Again with the fake accent .stop it?. ....??,"totally safe"??
Sorry never heard of it
who eat that poison
Is it cheese toast from the beginning? Lovely cheese.
"Murray's cheese cave" sounds like something on the dark side of pornhub ??
wow whoever narrated this gotta get fired
Great Video ????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????
Remove this red hair person
AHHHHHHHH IT LOOKS SOOOOOOOOOO GOOOD
I thought the owner would be a girl.
0:10 I can see buzzfeed on your search history. Hmmm...
Im hungry now
I love Insider but they need to work on their titles
Waooo loooking yumm and heavy
All I want for Christmas is...... THIS GRILLED CHEESE
The Korean Toast is the best. Check this out. If you love toast, you HAVE to see this. https://youtu.be/GUYhcqrV3n0?t=345 https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TCDPXisHsfA
Wow!
Dude is a midget
My tommy is shakin'-!
Yum
seriously it's cheese on toast that anyone can make not that big deal
??????????????
Wow lovely food ideas! who else watches Insider every day?? ???? Guys, I'm waiting you on my DIY channel! ?
My mouth is watering ugghhh ilove cheese so much
My stomach is erupting right now ??????
Someone commented already but I have also tried this so delicous
Aaaghhhh????
lick the cheese to control diabetes ..
That was very Cheesey
wanted to try that sandwich but they didn't let me jump the wall ..
944th Honesty, bros.
Only for the small price of 45 dollars a sandwich??
Niceeee
Hi
3:47 That's the most 'Murican statement ever.
I want this for breakfast. Or I’ll just make another giant grilled cheese again for lunch...
Hi
I WANT THIS
I love how it’s been 8 min and people are already commenting “first” Because Nobody Cares
Hi
I NEED TO GO TO NYC
I am early can I get likes plz anyone?? ????
Hahah I didn't actually click on it to see the cheese. I just wanted to be early??????
Now all the other restaurants be like I know the recipe to make the best Grilled Cheese Sandwich *they be laughing like URSULA
I have gone here.....it's the best thing i have tasted??
Last!!
50th
Hello people scrolling through the comments
Ohh I ? it...... water comes from my mouth like the cheeze comes out from sandwitch????
Last
NOTHING.... Can beat Cheese Sandwich on my Video ! Who Agrees ? Let me know Please....
Loveeeeeeeeeeeeee
Second
Uh hi I’m early in the comments I guess?
I love ur video ? ??
Are you getting hard up for content? I wont even watch this video. SMH
1st
Please pin this
5th
Yassssssssess
Hi
earlyyy
Second
2 ILY
First
They would have to pay me to eat that fatty mess!
This is a poorly explained video. The reason why kobe is so freaken expensive bc of how they raise the cow. The cow lives and eats like kings, and experience very minimal moving, marbling the meat with fat, making the steak much much more juicy and rich. In fact kobe is SO rich you shouldn't eat so much of it, hence the smaller portions. I'm sure that these restaurants have other dishes and courses to help fill you along the way, and not just beef. For once, I am disappointed in Insider for such a lacking video.
CANIBALISSIM! YOU GUYS ATE KOBE BRIANT!!!
Click-bait video with misleading title.
If it's really so good, what kind of idiot would put wasabe on it?
The steak costs more than cocaine. 110,000 dollars for a kilo of the steak. Time to smuggle some wagyu cows.
That small ass bite. Who are you trying to fool.
can i have the whole slab please
Kobe!
why does it look like waygu tho
K O B E
There’s a place near my house that has Kobe burgers but so expensive ??
KOEBAE! KOEBAE
I’d rather eat the girl out
Supply vs demand.
Is wagyu beef the same?
Wtf i a heccin kobe beef
"a piece"
screw that tiny little steak, I'm having the plate!
I can get a big beef cut for a lower price
I'd rather go to Japan to have a full course meal that includes A5 Wagyu at around the same price for just that cube
"heres why its so exclusive" "the restaurant recieves pieces that are 5-6 pounds they cut it into chunks"
Boi just kill a cow and eat it Sorry veggies and vegans
Y beef i ? it D:
When every bite cost you 84$.....
My mom would be able to make it if she had the beef :(
I've had it at the Encore hotel in Vegas
i still dont see why its so special store wise, yes its the only store to sells kobe beef but taste wise? tell us something about it. a little wasabi and seasongs, anyone could do that
Would it be rude to ask for A1 Its a joke please dont roast the hell out of me
tbh you rather go to japan for this and served it much better than this
May it be expensive or cheap, it will all fall on how you prepare it. I learned that on Molecular Gastronomists....from Shokugeki no Souma. Whole 3 fkn seasons! ??
when she ate it. it was so sexual
When you kill someone with a greadnade "Kobe!"
That title is very ominous
I’m ain’t paying shit for that
if u eat that your arteries are gonna be mad. look at it its full of fat
bullshit food
Don’t drop it
Um you know earth is gonna die and why are you killing animals then
My penis is more expensive
I'm 32 comment. WHERE IS EVERYBODY
84$ i rather eat a pizza than that small size food
WTF WHY SOOO SMALL BETTER IM BUYING BURGER IN MCDONALD BETTER THAN THOSE SHIT
Yeah i had this before its good but just taste like beef fat compared to dry age which has more beefy flavor with a reasonable and affordable price
Lmao one bite 20 bucks.
It’s not that exclusive because like diamonds, the limited availability is supplier controlled. Make it seem rare and unattainable , people will believe it’s expensive and spend more than they should.
normal beef is as yummy and fulfilling
Perhaps matsuzaka beef but it so damn expensive!!! ???????? Milionnare worth it!??
Must be an expensive cow... Poor baby
Utterly uninformative.
84 dollars go to Osaka japan they sell those 100gram is like 13dollar
Wooooo expensive , still buy numerous slabs of it
what happend to this video 11 thousand views 74 likes why as this video not been touched?
80$ for a piece of small steak no honey
My kidney is more expensive
WHAT HAPPENED TO ALL THE COMMENTS?
My virginity is more expensive.
Two likes XD dont know why im laughing but this is insider right? Its like people have never heard of this channel before
But why is the meat itself expensive