What the fuck is with the rainbow led lighting? Its on everything... why? Has everyone lost their minds? Its ugly as fuck. Its garish... to the level of being rediculous.
Looks like Ian from Alvin and the chipmunks and the guy dressed as a chicken from toy story
So how is the build still lasting? Did the wobble ever get corrected?
will the ram series you used here but 2133 be able to go with a ryzen 7 2700x ?
I watched a couple of your earlier first start-up and Windows 10 install videos. At no time did I hear you talk about setting the date and time. I noticed that in two cases the time was set correctly for you, but Windows always defaults to Pacific Time Zone. Who knows where a board fabricated in Malaysia would be set.
Paul, I know you know there is no such thing as high end when talking PC parts. only mass produced Chinese over priced shit. especially with nvidia. the whole price to performance thing is a serious sham. by the time we get to 2020.... well... you get it. no pc case I have seen is worth more than 80 bucks. I've seen a lot of cases. some designs are better and cooler than others, but quality? non existant! utter garbage. brittle plastic, cheap glass, super thin and weak sheet metal with zero integrity. over priced doo doo.
Cooler Master at it again. ** that garbage case.
Eeeakh, what the case? Save yourself from hassle and get Obsidian or DIY Vanguard ??
1:31 the label says Ryzen 7 but it's Ryzen 5
I feel like this is amateur build from a guy that knows his shit... Not impressed at all. You're better than this Paul...
yes but can this play Diablo Immortal? ;)
What is that mat he is using in his top down shots?
Isn’t intel better for gaming?
just buy the fractal design r6...and thank me later
That case....straight basura!
Fucking ads
I watched that fucking video.
I looks like a bad airflow case
Can you provide evidence that the Ripjaw V actually runs at 3200Mhz with the R5 2600x and the MSI B450 Tomahawk or B450 Gaming Pro Carbon AC? I just couldn't find reliable information on the compatibility with Ryzen 2x00... (And the list that MSI gives is too buggy and confusing??)
The 1000 dollar version of this build which cuts on the RGB cooler . etc wouldn't be the same. The RGB adds roughly a 30-40% FPS boost....
1:27 Why is there a ryzen 7 sticker when its a ryzen 5?
Mine is better but.. This one is great
This is the same exact build I just made minus the mobo and case. It's beastly
It’s no nut november, please you’re making it hard for me :(
1st build -- Swing and a miss 2nd build -- Two Strikes First build. 1. your CPU cooler should never cost more than your MOBO. In the first build either spend the money on a better MOBO -- or stick with stock if your truly trying to save money. With that board no amount of cooling will increase performance over the stock cooler. The reason is the OC is VRM limited on that board, not thermal limited from the cooler. 2. 1070ti -- can be had for same price or less, and offers better performance. I am as much a fan of AMD as anyone, but with the 10 series so deeply discounted right now Vega has no place in the market at $400+ 3. 480gb is super low capacity for 2018 for an entire system. But even assuming you absolutely want to get that low, your better off with 860 EVO -- it is $1 more, but significantly better performance. But getting the $145 dollars 1tb 860 evo would be more practical. Or get a 240gb SSD and a 1tb HDD for about $85 combined. $7 dollars more, but with a practical storage capacity while maintaining an SSD boot drive with room for 2 favorite games. 4. The case as everyone said is awful. The h500 case is the absolute best performance budget case on the market, and no one building a budget PC should even consider anything else, you got that right in your second build. Second build. 1. Get the 2600x it comes with a better cooler, and is vastly superior in performance. The money you save buying it and sticking with the stock cooler is already made up by not getting an aftermarket cooler. Too loud for you? You can under clock the processor to the same performance level of the 2600 and it will be whisper silent, even more so than the aftermarket cooler on a 2600. 2. No on the 240gb SSD -- Unless your spending $37 WD 1tb HDD to go with it. 240 is just too low. Even an old PS4 comes with a 500gb capacity, and they don't sell them with less than 1tb these days. 3. once again 1070ti better value until the stock runs out. 4. Never cheap out on the PSU -- and with the 2600x you should be getting the 650GQ from the last build anyway. It is cheap, but not rock bottom level. Buying a bronze rated PSU in 2018 is crazy. ----------- I get you chose the vega 56 because budget monitors don't have gsync. But Freesync 1 on budget monitors is barely better than v-sync and in some situations worse. Free sync 2 is almost as good as g-sync but usually is on newer models that cost more, and is outside the budget of the budget gamer. Even then... 8% GPU performance hit, for free sync... Ill take 8% better performance.
How is that red dragon vega card not a knockoff of MSI ?
wth i can buy a rx 580 or gtx 1060 with that case
hi Pauls hardware, I am using an old dell xps 13 and i really want to stream Fortnite and when playing i get like 30> fps. and i was wondering if i could have any of your old pc builds of the month. Kind regards Ethan/ Dragongmaing101
is the g skill ripjaw v for msi boards only or any brand will do?
I see what happened there 0:41
A paul's hardware a day keeps the depresso away :D
the idea of this design is nice but it need a couple of years to be perfect.
SL600M is overpriced trash... horrible cooling, cheap materials, not great to build in. There are MUCH better options out there.
1:27 why is there a ryzen 7 sticker?
that case would be nice if it was not built like a piece of shit
when you have a gamming laptop now but you still mess around with it like it is a desk top. ie delided and liquid metal and over hauling the cooling solution and yes it needs it it is a 7700k
Can you do a black and white ,warter cooled gamming pc between $1500, I will love that.
The foldable dust filter is indeed convenient. If it is full of dust, you just fold it, so the dust does not fly around your room on the way to your sink.
For 1250 you could of had a build with a 1070ti and a 2700x
that case is complete crap
Hi Paul just curious if all of this equipment would be compatible with the ryzen 7 2600x?
Waiting for that i7 8700k $750-1200 build..
Aorus b450m build pls pls pls pls
Great video I'm getting everything for my pc tomorrow on the 10th!!!!
That case is janky, return it; it’s ugly.
Releasing a build like this in November ?
if you want to save $40-50 by going with the 240L insted of the 240r
Paul Im glad to see you used the brace in the back (AKA IO shield ) and your using a great break for PSU LOL I had to do it !!!
If you're building a whole system this month you would have to be a fool not to wait a couple more weeks...
Can MasterAir G100M and Team Delta R RGB on 2 and 4 ram slot pair together on motherboard B450M mortar or pro4, without any height / room issues?
Hello Paul I hope everything its going well. Are u planning on making a B Friday build. Thank you kindly for your time.
Hey, can you run some benchmarks on this build vs the Intel build!? Thanks!
Paul it seems you forgot building PCs! You need to check how Verge does it.... XD Nice video as always man!
That case is a glorified pile of scrap metal. Good video though!
That case is super ugly
That Case looks like a fucking nightmare
Someone wanna give me $1300? Btw this much money and 2600x?
Ryzen vs intel which one is better for gaming?
Is an x470 motherboard even worth it?
Does anyone one here know to download Microsoft update 1803 without freeze ups? Microsoft has taken over my computer 3 times and they can't download 1803 either. They said I had a hardware issue and need a new computer. Is a new computer all I can do? Microsoft sometimes is a joke.
Think you could show a FULL newbie build? Ex: components you need, how to match to have things that work (ex: ram for ryzen. Can only use so much MHz, needs to be compatible to ryzen. Ryzen works better with higher speed,Intel, not as much, etc), how to update your drives, why, how to install Windows and on which memmory ( sad, m.2 etc) complete top to bottom. Etc I see full builds everywhere but not too to bottom. Thank you
1 month ago I built my PC with vega 56 Red Dragon, r5 1600 and 16gb RAM for 900 euro
I kinda like the layout of that case, it's not something you see, but for $200 they could include another vertical GPU mount, because they added one, but it's very close to the side panel, which totally negates the fans positioned at the bottom, while if you can put your graphics card a couple inch back from that, you'd have a ton of air going through and reaching also the CPU, which is otherwise blocked by the horizontal GPU
The pin connectors are placed in such an unaesthetic place on GPU's. When will they update this? xD
Thank God for AMD pricing and the AM4 platform!! It's a beautiful thing when U don't have to buy a new motherboard to upgrade your CPU....
I don't know why all youtubers add funny fantasy fans and cabinets, those lighting are of no use, i will avoid the fancy stuff and update the Ryzen 5 to 7 for that waste of money.
You should build a pc that looks like a gaming pc but actually isn't a gaming pc.
What is wrong with them people who design and make this case in this video? My case is H500 and is bloody brilliant.
Hello sir can you tell me a good budget mother board for AMD 2400G
Dust filter at bottom is probably folded for easier shipping and packing of replacement parts.
When is black friday again?
I got a better idea... Ask your cousin for their unwanted computer (that is good and not yet old) for free Because thats what i did
Not finished watching yet but wanted to comment....why is there a Ryzen 7 sticker in a Ryzen 5 Processor? can see at about 1:29 in video
Worse channel.
Why do people like putting the radiator on top? It doesnt make sense to me. Heat will rise and the radiator takes the heat. No bueno
Wow the Vega card is still a terrible choice at that price...
one big dislike for the case
Garbage case
You can honestly build something with a 2700x and a 1080ti in it provided you're willing to buy refurbs/used. Which actually makes a ton of sense considering 1080tis at most have seen maybe a years worth of use and are already going used for around $550 thanks to the 2080s rolling out.
This garbage case is 200$? are you kidding me? Go with the R6 <.>
Why did your 2600x come with a ryzen 7 sticker?
Does anyone know how to get the rgb cooler to slowly change color like his is doing at 15:29 ? Mine never does that
"AN" before words that start with a vowel or have a vowel sound, actually.
Am I only here that notice the amd sticker is ryzen 7 not 5?
The GPU looks sweet.
Still, use Blu-ray drives in My HTPC's. So it's an old-school Corsair case for My next build.
Why did he put thermal paste when the AIO has paste? Just curious.
Hi Paul, could you say something about compatibilty when it comes to the B450 Tomahawk and the Ripjaw 3200 RAM? Afaik it's not on MSI's list for the board so i switched to the x-flare myself, but that's 70-80 bucks more. thx, awesome video as always ;-)
the intake filter likely folds so it will clear the wall if its set near the wall maybe?
I like the concept of the layout of the case but boy that build quality :( collermaster really dropped the ball
the slightest movement shakes the pc way too much, looking at that graphic card going up and down yikes.
Remind me not to get that case
Can you do a $500 build next? with used parts
can you do the bios please
I'm really disappointed in that case after watching this video. Also not gonna lie that build is kinda lame. Sorry Paul.
What a waste of money. I would go with dual socket 1366 motherboard and two Xeon 6/12 overclocked to 4.2Ghz and shit load of cheap DDR3 running in triple channel. This build would allow you to get Nvidia 1080 card rather than that pile of crap Radeon. You reviewers are not thinking this at all. At any price point Intel has better offering. And $200 for that pile of crap case is also waste of money. There are better cases for just $50. People do not listen to review like this and the reason not is because videos are like this are nothing more than commercial for the companies they got parts from and not to actually give you any good advice. No hard feelings.
that case looks like trash. some serious quality/materials compromises
Joe-saving your ass again,Paul! ;-)
Ryzen 5 2600X with this cheap ram will work? GeIL EVO POTENZA 16GB (2 x 8GB) 288-Pin DDR4 SDRAM DDR4 2400
RTX is on for that RAM while on the table. My eyes are bugging out! EDIT: When rebuilding my system after 6mo cleaning (Ryzen 1700x, ASRock X370 Taichi, ASUS ROG Strix 1070ti) I was watching that "things you'll need video" and immediately needed 2 fan extensions for cable management. WATCH THE VIDEO PRIOR TO ORDERING AND BUILDING!!! IT WILL SAVE YOUR LIFE!
2018 and CM have this kind of case? wtf!
I like the way the top mesh lets the tea in.
Cab be built for less.
any motherboard besides tomahawk?
I bought a used ryzen 1500x system for 300 dollar.
That case is alot nicer than I thought, but alas, it still lacks space for a 5.25 4K dvd drive. :/
CM H500 still the best case imo.
Is good ryzen with water cooling?
I’m having a problem with all of my games stuttering and dropping a ton of frames. It’s starting to make my games unplayable. I’m running a r3 1200 and a 1060 3gb. Any suggestions?
I wish this case would allow you to rotate the motherboard 90 degrees so that the GPU could hang from the top like some older Silverstone cases. In it's standard configuration, the GPU would block airflow to the CPU making using an air cooler not a great option.
WTF WAS THAT AT 0:42 0:43. THAT RAM IS POSESSED
Not liking this case , to many hickups
What an odd/garbage case. I'm happy with my Corsair 570x. It's also $80 cheaper.
lol what an ugly case on top of it all being bad
bottom fans haven't rgb?
Remember the times when parts was so affordable you could just build with the fastest? Come to think of it I can't remember those times in the last 40 years, lol..
This is my opinion but that PC Case looks like it's designed based on a house Chimney due to the intake from the bottom to outtake at top. Not saying it's a bad case, just underwhelming.
A little upset that he doesn't go with the parts he advertises.
the case is a jokee broski boom
Is amd graphics any better than GeForce for the price and what are the pros and cons?
That is about the worst case layout I have seen!!
Definitely impressed by your review on the case, but the case did not impress me at all. Thanks, much appreciated .
that case sucks... you can not turn off the psu without disassembly
I like this case, it looks sleek, and it innovates, but the price and absence of a relay power switch are just criminal. Vertically mounting the GPU to optimize airflow towards the CPU is a must.
so you have to open the side panel every time to switch the psu on :thinking: or just leave the psu on for eternity otherwise
You mentioned you were going to change settings for the count latency of the ram from 14 to something else...? can I ask why?
Watching PC builds is my zen
Bad case...
I was waiting Intel Platform ??
Hi Paul , I would sell my Soul for a PC
that case looks really nice but it has a look about it thats going to look super "dated" in years to come
Im trying NOT to fail not nut november
if all tempered glass cases will always have an option to get them with solid side panels instead that TG it would be a thing..... not everyone is in RGB TEMPERED GLASS TRAIN, some people are still classy
nice build, the case isn't for me but not too bad. The logo on the video card looks like the poop emoji in red when you're 5' - 6' away. You're welcome ??
Guess how soon before that case sells for $80???? I think it will be right after Christmas. ??????
What an ugly graphics card!
that case is ugly
CoolerMaster at it again...2 drunk R&D designers trying to come up with a unique case and "F's" it up once again
I don t like this case !
It kind of reminds me a of a borg alcove for some reason.
Here in Germany a the Sapphire Pulse RX Vega 56 is available for 349€ It’s cheaper than the cheapest GTX 1070
Why are they still putting USB 2.0 ports on the front of cases? 3.0's are backward compatible, right?
Semi modular*
this is a 15min showcase on why NOT to buy that case , great build, absolutely awful case..
So I just basically watched a 15 min case review.
Why is no one using the x470 platform?
Why i am watching this.. I dont even have a PC ??
you should make a song... Build of tha month
Why is there an airplane on the Tomahawk box? Why not an axe?
Bottom dust filter is hinged because it'll be easier to remove it if you have your computer's back against a wall. By folding it you don't have to move your case that much.
I keep noticing builds that use super powerful equipment. Have you ever considered making a build as efficient as possible? Best power conversion / least heat loss, highest frequency / Watt, etc?
very nice build, the case looks nice even though they made some poor design choices
A shoe box may have been a better option for the case, rather than that thing.
mmm that PSU is at an odd place.
Make a cheapest streaming pc... Please
whats up fucker! love ya man
I'm now highly impressed with my case lol
The build starts at 8:43
This whole build is not... very nice, to be honest. The case is questionable, and so is the graphics card. The whole thing is... meh.
Nice build, shame about the case. That's a poor location for the PSU, why would you need to open a case just to switch it on also the air flow to the PSU looks restricted.
I think that case is uniquely dogshit
1:28 - Props to the included "Ryzen 7" sticker for the Ryzen 5 2600X
I would think a 2700 would be better for future proofing for games, as things will be getting more demanding next year and the extra cores will be better utilized. Im looking at you Battlefield 5
I don't like how the psu does not vent directly out of the case .
Hi Paul love the channel. These build vids are great and loving the no holds barred review of the case along the way. Have you thought about a little bit more info on the features of motherboards that go in these builds. Some newer viewers might not know what a USB3 type C header even looks like pointing a bit of the stuff out. Not Gamers Nexus levels of detail but the cliff notes an enthusiast buyer might want to know?
The last product show you and Kyle went to along with Jay and Steve and a few others showed a quick connect AIO that EVGA was working on but yet I see nothing on their site about it . I wonder what happened to it . I liked the idea of a non-leaking quick connection that can be added to .
2g and 3g network works.
I wonder how the AIO Will perform, considering it sits directly at the air exhaust where all the heat will have accumulated because of the upward cooling solution. It can't take air in because that would mean getting too much positive pressure inside of your case; and when it exhausts air than all the hot air from the graphics card and the rest of the components would just heat up the water inside the radiator. I'm pretty curious.
truly, this case is disgusting.
Paul I LOVE your videos, but can I make a small suggestion to your editor? Please don't up-cut every single space of air in your dialog while you are on camera as it's gets to be jarring. We don't mind a few extra words from you because, well, you're awesome!
3G network works.
I am not getting this channel contents in the youtube RECOMMENDED tab (homepage) , instead on the Up next tab while watching other tech videos or such. wonder why.
I'm a simple guy - I see a Paul's Hardware video, I click on it.
“If you can build in this CM case you can build in any case... with ease” Holy freaking crap the layout in this thing is like a puzzle! Definitely wouldn’t recommend this to first time builders lol.
Seems like glass sides are getting very popular but what is the cases rf shield rating with these glass panels and the cases that are mostly plastic?
NO FAP NOVEMEBER
can you please do a hackintosh build to compete vs mac mini please
1:26 why do you have a ryzen 7 series sticker with ryzen 5 processor??
Actually, actually, actually, little, actually, little, little, actually. Amazing job at the old talking a d using English, Paul. Actually amazing.
Why is there no 90 degree adapter to plug in video cards so the wires are not sticking straight out the side?
Is it good to buy on amazon? Or is there any cheaper stores?
Hey Paul, would you recommend to use the storeMI? :D
It's like 70% of the video is about that case and 30% about the build. Don't like the case anyway.
I need to upgrade my pc
That pcb on the gpu is cool. I’d be interested in seeing thermals on it. I wish manufacturers would extend a small portion of the pcb to the back for the power cables. It looks weird in the middle of the shroud imo. Or maybe a 90 degree connector.
That case seemed like a letdown. Maybe next time you try to do a full tower build go back to a nice corsair 760t black those things are beastly though you might need a couple of extensions for some of the plugs:P
Although the case quality isn't that great, I think the design of it is really interesting. It kind of reminds me of Porsche Design. What would be pretty cool is if you did a Porsche themed PC.
I think silver-stone has it nailed when it comes to cases with the intake at the bottom such as the ft03
Im still waiting for my cool master ml360 aio...is it good?
Do yourself a favor and buy a Fractal Design Meshify C, do not buy this case. It looks awful and appears to also be awful.
That case with a aluminium side panel instead of the glas one would look sick.
please do under $1000 intel pc.
What do u do with all these PCs u build? Do u keep them?sell them? Or give them away to subs
What is Black Friday?
Really want a Vega GPU but I know I will have to step down to an RX 580.
I am glad that Paul says so himself: a $65-85 aircooler and a $80 case (like the Fractal S) would make a lot more sense for this build. Just because there is no value added by that AIO or by such an expensive case (no added performance) so spend that money on your hardware instead.
At last something away from Intel. I don't understand why 9900 is so good it 70% more expensive and only 25% faster
Is the tomahawk b450 really good?. I mean a lot people recommended that
Unique layout, unique design. Paul's professional way of saying "shitty"
That case is horrible and the video card is probably worse than reference.
I personally love cooler master products.I have a cooler master masterbox MB500.It's a straight forward case.This case your using may be akward at first but i personally would love to build one of those just for the learning experience :D
That case sucks! Well i guess its ok if you want to cook your hardware.
Any thoughts about the AMD Horizon event?
I bought that same red dragon vega 56 a few days ago also but for $330 with 3 free games
The case may have been damaged in manufacturers storage, and placed in a new box (after an inspection that didn't catch the reshaped leg) prior to shipping.
damn vega 56 here in my country still cost more than 1070
Well done paul you built a PC :p
I built something similar but with a 1070 and Phanteks P300 case for 850$. No fancy cooler
nice build paul but i have to say that case is a horrible big thing
Yup shit case, $49 MAYBE ,but I wouldn't use it even at that price.
This video kinda making me wanna nut ngl
Does anyone know about how much I would be able to sell this PC for from Alienware it is a aura r7 it is about one year old Intel® Core™ i7 8700 (6-Core, 12MB Cache, up to 4.6GHz with Intel® Turbo Boost Technology) NVIDIA® GeForce® GTX 1080 with 8GB GDDR5X 16GB Dual Channel DDR4 at 2666MHz; up to 64GB 128GB M.2 SATA SSD (Boot) + 2TB 7200RPM SATA HDD Alienware™ 850 Watt Multi-GPU Approved Power Supply with High Performance Liquid Cooling Killer 1535 802.11ac 2x2 WiFi Wireless LAN and Bluetooth 4.1
I'm gonna go with the blower Vega 56. I'd like the Red Dragon, but it's price has gone up since Gamer's Nexus did his video comparing it to a 2070
Hey hey now... you pulled fast one... 2600x is not r7. Why you have r5 sticker?
PowerColor has a limited 1 year warranty i would never buy one...
This case would be way better if were around $79.
PSA time: I was using G.Skill Ripjaws V RAM in my R5 1600X system, and started having serious issues with programs corrupting/not starting/not operating as intended. G.Skill has several variants of the Ripjaws V RAM, some made with SK Hynix chips, some with Samsung chips; mine were SK Hynix, which is DEFINITELY not on the verified RAM list. I haven't tried any sticks with Samsung chips, but Samsung B Die is supposedly better for Ryzen performance.
That case is HUGE, maybe I'm too used to my Meshify C
Did anyone else notice at 1:25 there is a ryzen 7 sticker in the 2600x box
that's a beautiful AIO from coolermaster, Man I actually like the look of that more then the Kraken X62
This computer should definitely be run on the floor.
Thanks for being transparent with us with those affiliate links. Some other channels will not even mention it in their description. I really appreciate that and I'm definately going to buy one of those items!
Hey Paul, the folding bottom dust filter is so you can get it out if the PC case us close to a wall. It's very hard to get it out without moving the whole thing otherwise. By letting it fold in half, you only need half the clearance to remove it.
I can't even afford a $1000 gaming pc sadly
No wonder the case is $200 it has 500 parts in it. There’s good overbuilt and bad overbuilt and I’d say this is in the latter category. The updraft ventilation is neat but I’d like to see it executed better.
cool give me Rx580 please #Paul's #Hardware
Why not use a 1070ti is even a little cheaper than the Vega 56
A cheaper case and better card might have been the way to go??
that case is weird. just buy a R6 and call it a day. its got everything and isnt weird.
Northwards?? Its called "upwards"...… Plus seeing all these builds from utubers in crappy cases is vary disappointing. Not one of them have built in a actually nice case like say the inwin 909....
I’m trying to build a gaming pc between 1000-1500$ CAD and I’m using pcpartpicker but I would like some tips and advice from people who have built pcs and parts that I should get!
I watched "that f'ing video" already!
Lol Paul you used the same motherboard as me lol I got mine this past Tuesday XD
1:29 I'm triggered by the incorrect sticker
Would love to see some of that RGB SSDs you can get on those side mounts
Wait, he said his Lian Li case failed in the front glass panel. Is he talking about the O11 dynamic? I was planning to build on that next week. But not if the glass panels are gonna fall off.
No need to bend the rear stand back into place, just put a similar colored furniture foot-like cloth spacer under it, it's in the back so nobody will notice it anyways
id hate to buy a sick case like that and have it defective.
Try to mount the radiator in the bottom of the case, to se if you get better temperatures on CPU.
Can anyone help me with a question please. I have a SSD with Win 10 on it , can I use that in my new build and I wouldn’t have to purchase a new OS key ?? Would that work. Or do I have to fomate the ssd and purchase a new OS all together ??
such a gamers nexus shill...
Man, Vega 56 seems to have shot back up in price lately, was $329 on Newegg for the Red Devil version from either last weekend or the week before last,
Vega. Not even once.
Frank on honest review as always, you are my go to tech guy. Thanks Paul
Air cooler like a wraith? Edit: terminator case
@5:02 Really? :-/ Human beings have robots roaming on Mars. We can observe a galaxy which is ~13.4 billion years old (about 400 million years after the Universe came into being). Meanwhile, the folks over at Cooler Master haven't quite figured out how to put feet on the bottom of a computer case. Yeah, that case to floor interface, it's really a monumental challenge.
Hey Paul, I really like these builds but you haven't done a single intel build at the lower level in months. I am in the middle of trying to build an intel computer at the 1200$ level, so maybe you could do something along those lines? Thanks for the great videos nonetheless!
This case was reviewed by HardwareCanucks and I found this case to be way too over-priced for what it is. It should be $80. The feet looks wiggly for no reason at all, of which is probably to make them look "cooler." But, for the sake of rigidity/stability to the case!?! For $180, the Silverstone FT05 is a better case in every aspect by like 10 miles. And, that case was made like 4-5 years ago. So, rotating the motherboard might be patented which is why Cooler Master can't do it here and have incorporated a half-ass chimney/stacked airflow design. But, when it came to designing the feet, which are essential for stacked airflow cases (having room below for fans to breath), they went all wiggly on it and did it not because of any patents because it can't be patented. The FT05 case just has a simple design that works. Also, the classic Mac Pro case (cheesegrater one) was unveiled in 2003 and shares similar looking "feet" without the "wiggly aspect. And, those work fine without it looking "wiggly." This is what you get with bottom-of-the-line cases intended to "look" a certain way (making it look a certain way is "free") but asking for a premium for making it look "cool." And, you see this in every aspect of PC components, which has been a trend since mid-2000's (if I am correct) that doesn't seem to have an end in sight.
i watched that fucking video
I'm trying to build a rig for my 20th birthday that is coming up this December and I'm conflicted on which rx580 to buy. Does anyone have any recommendations?
I got the Red Dragon Vega 56 and its a nice card and very impressed so far.
0:42 Watch the ram
Wow that case is stupid. Everything else is great. lol
basically, dont buy this case...
Surely better to spend that cooler money on.... beer. Actually a NVMe drive.
I'd change the Aio and use the saved money for a 2700 (non x) and use the nice stock rgb cooler it has. But all preferences.
Where’s your allen wrench and your swiss army knife which hopefully has a phillips head screwdriver?
wait... the PSU mounts in the front of the case?
Thank God. I video that doesn't have anything at all to do with the election.
9:10 haha wrong orientation :P
Hey Paul, do you have Asus Prime Z270-A and i7-9700K? Because Asus CPU page says that i7-9700K is supported - https://www.asus.com/us/Motherboards/PRIME-Z270-A/HelpDesk_CPU/ . Is it a true or mistake by Asus? Can you test it?
The last two months have been all RTX and i9's, now we can't even get a mid range build in a mid range case.
Honestly that case looks absolutely horrendous and on top of that the internal configuration seems like a nightmare!
I would never ever spend $200 for that case.. Horrible design. Unique maybe but it looks like it's going to be a pain in the ass building in that chassis. Also that gpu.. my god. Ugly.
Paul I’m in Australia ???? and I want to build my little brother a pc for under $1500. His friends all have the best of the best of everything. In your opinion can I build a DECENT gaming pc for that?
https://pcpartpicker.com/user/JG2192/saved/wDByXL Hey Paul could you please give me any advice on this build that I am planning to make I would sure appreciate it. I live in the United States and I have a budget of $1600 also this will be mainly for gaming as of now but in the future I plan on going into game design. I also would like to add that this will be my very first build so any help you could give me will again be most appreciated. Thank you for your help.
Paul.... I Luv ya, but this case gave me a headache. Thanx for taking one major one for the team, because I'm sure none of us will be buying this case.... I hope you drank afterwards..
Wouldn't this be a good example of when to mount a GPU vertically?
Not a fan of the case. I am glad Cooler Master are trying something different but think they cut corners with it and should have made it slightly cheaper though it was a very good attempt. 200 dollars is way too much money for a case. Obviously this is for enthusiasts.
Vega in a 1k$ build ?! LUL. Over here (Eastern EU) the cheapest vega 56 is about 800$, compared to ~300$ for the rx580 (all taxes included... US is kinda funny showing prices that don't include taxes...) The weird part is that a vega 64 is roughly the same price as a vega 56 (830$ vs 790$) - both Sapphire NITRO+ versions
I'm highly disappointed in the case used. Costly and built like crap. Coolermaster laid an egg with the case used. Complex and strange placements make it a POA to use
heads up kids, if you listen closely just beore the 6 minute mark you'll hear the proper use of the word "cringe". it's like a unicorn.
simple question. when i put my hand on the bottom side of my gpu i can feel the air moving downwards. with the case pushing the air up, wouldn't that cause dead or what ever its called? that stops air flow and maybe cooling issues?
What are all of your opinions on Radeon card+freesync monitor vs nvidia card+gsync monitor?
I wonder how much longer it will be until GPUs get so powerful that they'll have to expand the PCIE to enable more data transfer.
If Paul doesn't have one million subs by January 1st, I will rip the wings off of 25 butterflies.
What a dumb case. None of the design decisions make any sense.
12:32 Paulius Heimlich hardware watch your language.
EGG CELL LENT
I need a new pc I would love to have it.
Jeez cooler master used to be so great. Sad.
Why is the psu so weird
Im gonna be building this computer for 850 euros
Have you made a $2000-$2200 AMD Build?
With all the promotion Radeon seem to get these days, i feel like their end is near...And that is unfortunate.
200$ case still has ketchup and mustard front panel connectors
I have been looking at that case online, The bottom cooling kinda interested me. Be looking for Video PT 2
A PC named 'Weebles'? (.."Weebles wobble but they don't fall down.")
That Ram tho....
@Paul: Could you compare the price of similar computers including the monitors? (for example: vega 56/64 card + freesync monitor vs. rtx2070 + g-sync monitor)
For the price of that case I would expect a lot more from it. I've seen much better cases at a cheaper price plus that case is as ugly as sin.
I'm a simple man, I see Paul's new video, I drop everything else I'm doing to watch it.
am i the only one who thinks the case is ugly?
Excellent build. Question, @4:15 ..."change the timings on FlareX"..., why? Isn't CL14 the best for 3200MHz? Enlighten me Sir.
Since air is being drawn from the bottom of the case and exhausted out of the top, how much of that initial intake is immediately being blocked/impeded by that huge obstruction / gpu?
This is the build of a person that doesn't know much about computers.
Such a nice and powerful build for only 1000$!!! Only possible cause of AMD...I guess...
Nice 1 Paul
RX Vega 56 Red Dragon or Gtx 1070 ti / Gtx 1080? Currently they are priced the same in my region.
That case is awesome. But I wonder, when case manufacturers will learn to put a backup switch to the rear of their cases, if the PSU is hidden inside...
very nice I plan to get that card this winter screw the rtx cards! Lol
the case seems like an expensive inconvenience
Are more pc cases doing away with cd trays ?
Don't like that case Paul...there's much better in that price range.
3:20 That power connector placement is horrible.
Thanks for doing build videos like this one. It's nice to see content creators use a more modest budget, and I look forward to watching the performance comparison video.
They don't sell B450 TOMAHAWK in my country (Sweden). What's your opinion on MSI B350M MORTAR?
Buildzoid would disagree with the Mobo choice, according to him the only good B3/450 MB is the B450 Gaming Carbon as everything else only has 4 phases for the cpu. Anyway Ryzen does fine on 4, it is just not remarkable
just dont know about that case it's nice , but i think i would take a pass on it even at half the price, just not crazy about the whole layout and the power supply being up in the front.
While the case seems nice, there are a few things that I don't particularly like but the only one not mentioned by Gamers Nexus was that the power supply should be able to have the fan facing the interior of the case instead of facing the closed off front panel. Power Supplies need to breathe too...
this case looks cheap and ugly as fuck. What idiot would consider it in the first place?
Another failed retarded case...
Good work! keep it up!
I like the build, great video.
Nice video as always Paul. I have to say though that i do not like that coolermaster case, too weird a layout for my taste
Paul! I'm planning a 2950x build and I need help! There's confusion around compatible memory and the enermax tr4 v2 aio coolers. What's the fastest memory available, and in what configuration? Has enermax fixed the problem(s) with the tr4 aios? Is air cooling the 2950x a viable option?
Case looks terrible. And seems building in it is terrible too.
https://uk.pcpartpicker.com/b/CqXPxr could you please give me some tips on this, what could I do to improve it for a similar price range? Used for gaming and possibly streaming in 1080p monitor is 144hz 1ms
IPHONE X GIVEAWAY https://youtu.be/gJh7C-s3Bzo
Paul, I watched that f***ing video. I swear.
great price!... until i remember I'm canadian and its nowhere near that here..lol
X470 or a B450?
You can see through half of that Vega 56...
Build me a wife please!
Cool!!!!
Thanks for the great video, Paul!
If anyone is interetsed in another PC build, i would really appreciate if you could check out my new tech channel and drop a sub. I would really appreciate some support and i hope you enjoy my content (more on the way!) Thanks everyone!
''you can save money by going with an aircooler maybe''??? WHAT, what about using the included cooler ?? ryzen doesnt even oc that good and the included cooler is more then enough.
That gaming PC look nice
Do an itx bould
The RAM looks like it's photoshopped in at the beginning of the video
Well, heres hoping for more budget (<$750ish) in 2019.. 2018 seems to be the year of holy price jumps, Batman. Everything seems SO much more expensive, for the small improvements we’re actually getting :/
This is beyond science
Jesus, that GPU is the size of a skateboard haha
This is awesome
That case box is as big as a house
Luks gud
in b4 someone doesn't fully read the title or watch the video and is like "i cOuLd bUiLd tHiS fOr cHeApEr"
Says unlisted, but came up on notifications ...
2nd
Yeaaa
1st