Small update: The Silent Base 801 does indeed have feet.....they were just buried under styrofoam at the bottom of the box. Sorry for the confusion!
At 10:00 you talk about the plastic fan mounts, where can I get them?
it would be great to see a follow up video of you adding a GPU aio liquid cooler to this!
Dosen't look like that power supply gets any airflow.
???????, ?????!
how to actually clean those little air pockets on the side if dust gets in?
cinematic crazy
1000 rpm on SilentWings? Still pretty loud, compared to my system. Also, why not use a custom fan curve on the GPU?
The Duke is such a sexy card <3
my sort of rig
I have the same bedsheets and nightstand. Yay IKEA
Bequiet's block/pump and hoses are ugly af though. Wouldn't buy that AIO for a clear side panel case unless it brought Chiller-like performance lol :D
"please turn up your volume and put on headphones" silent humming of pc "PRETTY DAMN QUIET!!"
nice case... bud i dont like the upside down installation from the motherboard..
Zowie mouse... respectable.
well you should replace the sound pads with high quality Asphalt absorbers from the car industry also no glass on the side and put a noise barrier inside like Sonozorb B (effective & non flammable) Also place it on a "acoustic module system(not blocking airflow)" like u use it in open offices to reduce sound transmission to other workplaces :) that is then really quiet :) i Did it and can not hear if it is running.
Just out of curiosity, why is it whenever I go to the links for the items to your videos, most of the time, they dont have them in stock, or are insanely high or insanely mental pricing? Example, the Silent loop 360, $172, kinda high, but $48 to ship it... or what about the Dark Power power supply, $656, only one of them, and its from somewhere with only a 65% positive rating... who in the hell is going to pay $600+ for a power supply from a very low rating...
I don't see the parts in the description ?
1200 Watt psu..talking about overkill.
How much did u spend for that pc?
you should have a tutorial on how to set this up. I was thinking of building my first PC and I really wanted my PC to run extremely powerful and extremely quiet. your video is exactly what I was looking for, so if you can help me how exactly to set this up, I would be grateful
This guy always start a video with saying "hello good people" this is so nice man. I've never saw any content creator that welcomes viewers like that. Awesome detail, thx for being nice dude!
Hi Dimitri! Thanks for another great video. Could you share what resources you use for music? I like the music you've chosen for your build montage a lot.
Finished a silence focuses build for on audio engineer last weekend. Guess the loudest part: -Yes, it indeed is the coil whining 200€ fucking BeQuiet PSU. What a fucking joke!
what is that plastic peg for installation guys ?
HC does an LTT build.
I really do not like those orange accents. Stealth looks are so much sexier.
Quiet please!
what's the background music at 13:30?
Little side note, my PC was louder watching this video than the actual video was. I turned the volume up so your voice was pretty much at shouting volume and I could still barely hear your fans over mine. My air circulation system is off right now as I'm writing this and I never noticed how loud this PC actually is until now. And I have the "Silent" series fans from Thermaltake...
Awesome video! I've been trying to decide on my next case for the last six months, I've been looking at anything from the Thermaltake Core V21 to the Phanteks P350X, but this has made up my mind. BeQuiet build here I come!
Great editing, really informative. I'm subscribed! Only critisism I'd give is when you're doing the sound comparison please make some kind of visual que before you speak! Damn near blew my eardrums back into my skull.
Great video! I enjoyed it. I have a question, as I am looking for new fans, I am about to built a new build in Evolve X case, but I want new fans for it. Which is your recommended RGB fans? Sexy ones that isn't "too" loud. Keep up the great work!
Why didn't you install the case feet? I own this case and I know that it does have them.
Quality editing :) great job on this video!
Nice video, I have always been interested in having a pretty quiet PC as I usually have mine in my living room and it is obviously annoying to have a loud PC.
can gigabyte h97-gaming 3 with i5 4460 run without gpu?
"Quietest build!!!"... Goes with an AIO and 7200rpm HDDs... What the F...
150$ is a lot for the case, especially that case.
The question is: will there be an all 140mm fan 2018 case that doesn't choke your hardware (and doesn't look like it's from the SciFi 80s @ Cooler Master)
nice. im running my 9900k at 5.2 ghz on all cores.
Headphone users turn up your volume "SO THIS IS LOAD VOLUME" fml
I had to turn up the volume on this video because of the noise of my PC
Also....a Asrock mobo? Pure crap. Asus are far superior.
Dimitry you’re CANADIAN. So act like it and say Z PROPERLY. Zee is WRONG Zed is CORRECT
quietest without NOCTUA doesn't exist .
PSU doesn't have 0-RPM mode ? this is just an ad.
I have a 570x with a strix 1080 at the bottom pci e slot which gives it 2cm for airflow and I don't think its loud...
If you want it to be even quieter, use closed side panel with noise dampener, put the PC under your desk. I'm thinking of a wall mounted PC case so I can hang it behind my table to block the maximum amount of noise while also removing the big box from the way. Any better ideas? I want max silence, don't plan to showcase the PC itself.
i like to target 60c on cpu :)
So? Did you bump the fans up since the case is pretty awesome? I would. A couple more decibels higher would give you excellent cooling performance. Just under 80c temps still feels a little toasty for me.
The Ultimate Terrible Launch PC Build Get it ? :v
Shit already accidentally turned it off
Turn your volume up, get your headphones. PrEtTy DaMn QuIeT
I love be quiet!
This is a dramatically quiet machine... it's fantastic, but for me personally, if I owned that machine it would eat me up inside to leave that bit of performance on the table with the 9900k... I would want to max out my boost pushing it at high as I could with whatever configuration i could come up with for overclocking it. to maintain the silence, and perhaps increase it some, I might tinker with the idea of moving to a full custom loop with front and top mounted radiators and get the gpu in on the liquid cooling action as well so you can overclock the lot while still maintaining ridiculously low volume.
my GOD dat production/editing.
I have always liked your reviews of cases Dmitry. This is another one of those greats! Your story telling at the beginning of the video is also a welcome for someone like me. Those little intros really add a flair to your videos reviews. Thank you, for all the work you do.
I bought and built my new pc in this same case and I had difficulty with the rubber mounts staying on, and getting my mb screws in for my Asus z370a prime. Also one of the tabs on the vent broke clean off with little force when trying to take it off. Other than that the two fans it comes with plus my Asus 1070 strix make for a quite and cool machine. Also I have a question for anyone out there than can answer. What are the best cable accessories “cable mods” I should buy. I’m looking to do a cleaner cable management job for my rig and wonder what company would be the best to order these from.
You missed the chance for a pun. You should have ended with "Remember, Be Quiet!"
11:08 that's some incredible Hz
I got a haircut this weekend too!!
OMG this Setup is so cool but so expensive.. can just dream about it!
I love quiet PC builds. This video was awesome!
I have my radiator with 2 noctua NF A12x25 and 3 Corsair LL for the rest of my case (it's a nzxt Manta), quiet as F.
I'd be interested in seeing if you flipped the rear fan to intake cool air if your now positive pressure would improve the aio rad cooling and thus lower the cpu temp.
It this wasn't clearly sponsored by BeQuiet you could make it more quiet with a noctua NH-D15 for the CPU and an AIO solution for the GPU where it goes full passive on idle (like the Gigabyte 980 ti waterforce). The temps that you are getting are way off the charts IMHO (too hot). Edgy video, not for real enthusiasts.
I love how quickly things have switched between Intel and AMD. Just a couple years ago, Intel ran cool as a cucumber and AMD would be oven hot. Now Intel is nuclear hot and AMD is cool as a cucumber.
Whats his accent if anybody knows
Masterpiece!
This case is one of the WORST case to build on..along side the darkbase 900 pro rev 2..have to move around multiple parts every time you have to change/add things.
When the new 9980xe comes put it will dominate any thread ripper
My computer isnt quiet but its not loud enough to be annoying. While gaming Cpu temps of my i5 8400 went to high 40's low 50's Gpu1(rx 580 8gb) went to about low 60's and Gpu2 (game doesnt support 2 graphics cards) went to mid 30's
Wtf is that hairstyle...shit go back to the "before haircut Dmitry"
Great video, I just put together a quite PC with a 9700k and noctua u14 cooler on that same z390 taichi. My wife said she doesn't like my system being so quiet because now I can hear her fart when she is watching TV in the other room.
Thank you!!
i want to "BeQuiet" plis
Nice Video, but I would prefer the dark rock pro 4 instead of the aio.
But then my wallet would start screaming and yeah i dont want that.
WOW.... 1 million already huh ? CONGRATZ LADS. That's impressive.
Yooo Dmitry,whats your Bnet? Lets grind D2 together. Lol
No rgb = Silent Pc
honestly i love my jet engine XD no need of silence if you use a potent headset :|
Shut up!
Damn
Demtri please review the tachi ultimate!!!
My DB Pro 900 system makes the exact same sound....
The loudest parts of my Pc were power supply and hard drive, changing both lowered the noise substantionally.
The 801 case without a window is it even quieter or is the no difference??
????
I doubt that Be quiet was the first to use noise dampening material in a computer case . Antec came out with the P183 in 2009 that had noise dampening material, Be Quiet introduced its first midi case in 2014.
open the window, i wanna know how quiet it is after collecting dust
Youtubers keep shilling that overpriced Intel oven and the EXTREMELY overpriced 2080 series.
Canuck Power
I swapped my stock h110 fans for 2 noctua nf-a14 and the exhaustfan to a noctua nf-s12a chromax my cpu dropped 5 degrees in idle and the pc is way quieter.
my bluetooth speaker wouldn't turn on for the first minute of this video. turns out I didn't miss anything
Want it even more silent from where you are sitting? Place it in a different room. . .
You forgot to measure the sound levels of your wife (which I assume would be around 110 dB).
Is it my phone speakers or you sound low-key robotic?
Running at 75 degrees under a 360 aio?! That thing runs damn hot
Meanwhile my gigabyte 2080ti is loud as shit cause the cooler and fans are garbage
scruffy hair is better!
the price make me screaaaaam...
so what would be the difference between Noctua and Be Quiet,if there's any?
What brand is the sweater you were wearing???
Remove plant before watering.
mine runs at 29.7dba :)(idle~medium load) at one meter , integrated amplifier transformer buzz is louder than my pc at one meter (1080ti, 4670k @ 4.4ghz, 2x140mm, 4x120mm all running 300~400rpm during idle) all air cooled
so watercooling the gpu would be even better ?
loud in my books, gotta get a custom loop if you want to be cool and quiet. GPU fans are the worst offenders in my books.
Just moved my Ryzen 1700X system over from a Define S case to a Dark Base 700 and besides looking better it's actually a little quieter gaming under load (when the 1080Ti spins up). Both cases were near-silent at idle.
going to need to OC the bedroom for more oomph~ ;)
My pc is just like that and it’s silent
Fractal Define R6 any day!
Why is the amazon link German? Lol
Well done be quiet!
to hott for me unless im trying to warm my house
So Dimitri, where are you from? Because you're accent is amazingly interesting. I can't place it.
mine is quieter than this one and i still think it is too loud LOL
Says silent uses clc with a pump, srsly...
7:51 Music?
An easy way to have a silent PC is having your CPU delidded and then run it at stock or a light OC.
Ayyyy slick haircut
Stress the system with a 3D rendering, everything at 100% (CPU+GPU+IGPU). Premiere was not pushing it at max.
they need to ditch the orange.
I've owned 2 be quiet PSU's, and they both died about 6 months after the 3 year warranty expired. Get those long PSU warranties people!!!
I want to build a PC, knowing which software I’ll be using, with specific hardware, kind of “optimization”. Where do I start?
nice hair
Did they fix the Silent Loop pump making horrible noise after 2 month ? People considering it should check buyer feedback and video youtube showcasing the issue.
Please review the sound blaster x ae5.
They way you open your videos is always amazing. Nice work my dude. :3
I'm in Canada and I can't find any of those Be Quiet stuff on any of the local retailers. :(
Gorgeous video * . *
To really have the quietest and best performance, you need Noctua fans.
Can you use a radiator in front of this case and still install HDDs or you have to remove all the cages to install the radiator?
Damn dude taichi is big dick energy.
I've got three Silent Wings 3 (2x 140mm + 1x 120mm) and a beQuiet Shadow Rock Slim. My PC is sitting right beneath me on the desk and I can't hear anything. GPU is the MSI Gaming X 1060 6GB and case is the NZXT H500.
Mr steal his hat got stole his hat.
Would have run a lot more Cool and Quiet if you would have made it a Ryzen build.
What if the next video is not sponsored by bquiet and you put to good use those 6 noctua fans you have hiding there somewhere to see if the system is quieter and/or cooler?
Shintel
For silence you need a water cooled GPU. Maybe an EVGA Hybrid with its AIO and aftermarket fans would work better when the hybrid is available.
U need noiseblocker fans man
I actually lowered my volume right as he was saying "Let's tone it down" lol. Coincidence? I think not
PRETTY DAMN QUITE!!
Quiet at 4.7ghz is easy to achieve with other cases too. That defeats the point. We want quiet WITH performance. 5ghz quiet case. CMON !!!!!
The solution is to use a Ryzen cpu, or at least, not a lower power intel chip. Reducing the need to cool, means fewer, slower fans, and 1 less pump because watercooling isn't essential anymore. Also, Rubber HDD mounts, or SSHD's (they have 5400rpm disks instead of 7200) Or just pure SDD's Make those fixes and you won't even need a restrictive case for sub ambient noise. If you must watercool, absolutely add the GPU to the loop, as the GPU has louder fans than you can buy for cases and radiators.
Just noticed, non of your videos are 60FPS.
I want that sweatshirt
Any build like this is extremely silent when you compare it to the screams of agony coming from your bank account xD
30db is loud AF, its silent because you live in a loud environment, in my room its 25db , put a 30ish db PC i guaranteed you can instantly spot it , sub 25db is real silent pc
Why does the i9 get really hot
dont get the point of "quite pc" pcs are already quite XD even with my cheap ass shitty "Vivo smart case" which came damaged and bent, the pc is a foot away from me and i BARELY can hear it
without the stands can't breath from the bottom
Sorry but the case have stands but you didn't instaled
i couldn't hear the noise comparison because my pc was too loud.
You should use asus rtx2080ti with its quiet bios preset is the quietest all rtx2080ti.
I had a dream that my power supply was shooting fire ?? so I jumped up ( at midnight) and turned my pc on ....everything was ok
Silent pc with an aio. Press X to doubt
U literally cant say quiet after youve said i9 9900K.... Its extremely hot so it needs strong and loudy cooling.
That's an ugly case!
water cooling on a silent build ?? WTF !!!
Based solely on your goal, I would send those fans you last installed back as it didn't make a difference in quietness...wasted money. Appreciate this video and your videos...I always learn something new.
I need a good gaming headset without a mic
Fuckboi hair.
that gpu sag tho :(
why not just passively cool it all?
I can still easily hear the fans and the changing frequency when you shut it off and the fans slowly stop spinning but it is reasonably quiet for such a powerhungry system. Some good advice which I missed in this video: you can also lower the power draw strongly while loosing little performance by lowering the voltage and to some extend the clock frequency, depending on the hardware and what you use it for.
Nice video. Now I want to make a new build. I built a silent PC 3 years ago. It was so silent I failed to notice it was on sometimes. And even under load I could clearly hear the fans but it was still a nice sound. Now after 3 years my MSI graphic cards fans are starting to get old. One of the fans has a rattling noise. It's subtle but I have very good hearing so I notice it quite often. So bye bye ultimate silence. Same story with my new Asus Zenbook UX331UAL I just bought. I wanted an ultrabook for my studies, which usually have great portability and battery life. Unfortunately the CPU fan, which is the only moving part in this laptop is probably a little faulty cause it also has some rattling noise. Of course the fan is so thin you can't expect too much but I didn't think a new fan would make some rattling noise. It was very noticable at the beginning but ist a little bit better now. Still even with Quiet Fan Mode ON the fan turns sometimes at very low rpm and when I am in a very silent room and I put my ear closer to the laptop I can hear it. Which is very annoying. I am such a silence freak I am even considering to return this laptop and buy one which has no fans :/
Pc pornography in a nutchshell
Hey Dmitry - I would love to see a video where you guys strap a couple of silent wings onto a GPU heatsink, as a replacement for the stock fans - I'm considering doing this myself as well.
That case isn't supposed to sit flush on the desk or carpet, it actually comes with rail type feet that lift it a bit up and give it a wider stance for stability.
Just drop tdp to 135W and you can use air coolers easily. All core 5GHz draws under 90W in games. Stop scaring people into bying 250€ motherboards and 150-200€ coolers, when you can oc as high with 150€ motherboard and 50€ air cooler if you just play games and dont want to run avx @5GHz.
Nice transition with the hair.
cant exactly say why, but it dont feel comfortable with 75° cpu temps. especialy not when the case is next to me on the desk. i can feel the heat coming off of my case after 2 hours of gaming and that borthers me more then fan noise
Nice video but where do you placed the casefeet? You have to attach them after unpacking the case. They are stored in the styrofoam in a additional location.
didnt the bigg guy from linus test aitflow restriction is a myth. unles you put it full of cloth
Got everything watercooled with a 360 on top and a 240 at the front, all ek Vardar except for 1 noctua fan at the front. The Vardar fans start spinning at 60° on the CPU so until I game there is almost no noise, I can only hear it when I hold my ear directly next to the front.
No USB type C, not on my wishlist. I really like the be quiet design and colors etc but R6 still top of my list.
Why are you promoting this ENERMAX garbage AIO? Just look at the reviews on Amazon and other sites. I bought their fans too because I liked the looks, now I'm sending them back because they are loud as hell.
stop putting that little dumb plant on every rig.
I would buy be quiet itx case... Something that has same look and quality like this but small like qbx kaze...
I understand sponsorship by Be quiet, but thats not a way to build a silent PC at all! No glass for silence, and no AIOs, you should have gone with Dark Rock Pro 4 that is even quieter than NHD15, and both being quieter than any AIO pump as well as on par with performance. For the rear you should have swapped the stock fan with a Silent Wings 3 120mm HS PWM and move the rear stock fan to the front. Optionally one more 120mm fan to the front. And if you want to go really "extreme" you could dress the psu shroud with be quiet's noise dampening mat that has a huge effect when GPUs ramp up their fans. Then create custom fan curves for the fans with the rear being tied to both GPU/CPU to rump up to whatever its hotter. The 2 lower front fans to the GPU and the 1 higher fan on the front to be tied to the CPU. Imho that way not only you would end up using more products from your sponsor, but also a 2 part video probably for hardware build and software tuning/temp monitoring.
I was surprised when I heard the results about being so quiet.
So many haters in the commentz! PAID VIDEO PAID VIDEO ! So Dimitry praised them,and will use them for his build,but they are utter garbage,and loud,just to get a little $$$? Why you guys watch Hardware Canucks then if they're such lying greedy scumbags?
That's the next upgrade for my system, switching the RGB SP120 Corsairs for bequiet! fans. Loosing the RGB goodness but they are SOOOOOOOO loud, it's not even funny
Custom loooop
Why didnt you USE the bequiet cpucooler... you know, the one with a fan
Why not the Gaming X Trio, it has much better overclocking capabilities
Wouldn't be so warm with 2700X.
I need a new case and the 801 Window is the one I need ????
hmm. what is diffference (prefomance) is between be quiet 801 and Fractal Design R6? vs. video?
Sponsored by be quite...... Plugs in enermax promo ??.
The Shadow Wings have 9 smaller blades and the Silent Wings 2 and 3 each have 7 bigger ones. Does that mean that the Shadow Wings is better suited for airflow and are best used as exhaust fans while the Silet Wings are better suited for intake and pushing air through the CPU cooler and harddrive cage because they can build a higher static pressure?
Great video my dude!
I Got a fucking titanic 2 ad xD
Define R4, Noctua fans, NH-U14S, 30% fan speed on GPU. Inaudible.
AIO and silence... Not exactly, eh
I'll leave you guys with a tip. When you use identical fans they create a harmonic noise, which adds to each other. If you mix and match quiet fans from different manufacturers with different blade designs, and change up the fan speed RPM, you can create a noise DEADENING effect by killing the harmonizing effect caused by similar fans/speeds. I used this effect to make a dead silent (for my ears) build with a non-silent case and non-silent fans. By taking advantage of slow and quiet spinning fans, all from different manufacturers, and intentionally changing up their speeds, using a mix of active and active/passive cooling you can put an aggressive overclock and keep your system dead silent.
How about a silent fanless 9600 build with 1070ti?
I'm so used to my PS4 getting so loud that my PC with only two stock fans sound miraculous.
very quiet wow good
Man Whew that was quiet and sexy... great video... fun
I think it's time for me to go from Jet engin to Tesla. Bad exemples ik. I need me those fans :)
Someone call Linus.
Please dont say to turn up the volume and put on headphones then talk at normal volume! OUCH
Thats not quiet , sounds like AC
nice work and i see you downloaded RTX, cool
I bought a silent base 600 literally three days ago to build my rig into it (600 because I still use optical drives). It's not silent (my components aren't extremely quiet), but I'm still very happy with it. On idle, under my desk, the noise is barely noticeable, and when I crank up the fans to play some games, it does get a bit louder, but still quieter than my PC in my old case on idle, and definitely nothing you would call loud. Temperatures are good too, even with just the two case fans. I'll probably add more in time, but it's doing really well even like this. Recommended!
OK HALF THE VID IS ABOUT THE CASE JUST BUILD IT
We want silent at optimum performance not just silent at low speeds
Those plastic pegs are pain if you want to take out and clean the fans!
do you think it's silence? Yes but hot inside because intel inside
wow that Asrock board actualy looks great
Let's make a commercial What a shit video
I don’t like the pop off side panel with that button. I actually prefer the look with the screws on the side like of that on the Dark Base Pro 900.
be quiet!!
just dont use any fans, fans=noise, ez clap
noctuas are still better
I may have to check out their cases, etc.
How does the GPU with that beefy cooler does not have any sag? I'm surprised.
Finally a building without RGB !!! Very nice without the RGB hell!
kinda not quiet..
If u use this case than nobody would say "Be quiet" So Be Quiet was the first company to use sound dampening material on cases. Interesting. That's how u totally justify brand name????
6 minutes talking about the case!!
The quality is amazing, I can't believe you are shooting this on GH5! Probably one of those F1.4 glasses...
In my case I have a total of 18 fans (including fans on the Gfx card(2) and mobo(2)). 5x filtered Intake 140mm Noctua NF-P14 (idle <600rpm load<780rpm) & 1x filtered intake 120mm Noctua NF-P12 (constant <750rpm) and through the Corsair H150i PRO AIO is 3x PUSH exhaust 120mm Noctua NF-F12(2k) (idle <570rpm load<630rpm) and 3x PULL 120mm Corsair ML series (constant <750rpm), custom fitted 40mm fan for the mobo Vcore heatsink(constant <2220rpm), 2x fans on MSI GTX970 (idle <696rpm load<1800rpm), 2x mobo fans (constant rpm ~2601rpm & ~3000rpm), PSU Fan Corsair HX850i (idle <0rpm load<780rpm) now the dB @ idle the room is too noisy to be able to get an actual reading but it is <29dB@1m (with pc off room doesn't get quieter) at load it is <34dB@1m with CPU temp @load is 36c under TJMax and GPU max is 72c@load. People can't believe that 18 fans can be so quiet and the rig runs perfectly cooled. Positive air pressure FTW (if filtered correctly).
"The only whine you'll hear from this PC is the one coming from your wallet"
HardwareCanucks can just build an even quieter PC without side glass panels lol
BeQuiet! liked this video.
this pc is a like a girl/man who's so hot and you're gonna happy with for the rest of your life
When you tell us to turn up the volume and put on headphones, but then talk loudly. Trollololol
Built my quietest PC spending $0... *Imagination*
I made my quietest PC spending $0... *Imagination*
Silent but deadly...??
Intel has made underclocking mainstream. This is progress?
hey you! be quiet! (pun totally intended)
That's a very impressive result . I've got a quiet system with an r7 1800x (with a noctua nh-d15 2 fan 140) and a 2080ti FE. My system is 35 db on light load 42 db in heavy load (heavy games 2080 ti at 75% fan speed) and 45db at full load (measures at 2 cm from the case side glass pannel) I used phanteks fans (2x140) for input and deepcool fans (1x140 +2x120) for output and two small 60 fans in input right near the gpu (with ball bearings). At the end with my mobo fans calibration i've obtained a preatty solid neutral airflow in a quiet system with good performance for value ... well there are some ecceptions ... you know a 2080 ti is not the best performance for value gpu at moment but... whatever. Just a little curiosity . How much noisy is the cpu cooler ? Liquid coolers usually are not too much quiet ... But this is a bequiet one and bequiet can do the magic trick !
This guy is such a be quiet fangay
awesome case...but it doesn't offer much under the budget line.. btw nice build dimitri ...
do you know how quiet my laptop is? it has no fans...
Come on dimitri, you can’t say put on headphones and turn up the volume and then start talking.
... PRETTY DAMN QUIET
i honestly think with a meshify or similar airflow case, you might get better temps and sound, your gpu wouldnt be as starved of cold air, therefore not needing to have a high fan curve, and the cpu with the AIO wouldnt be hot boxing itself due to the terrible top panel design on the silentbase 801, just my 2 cents
This is a really nice video...especially for people not interested in custom loops and RGB...aesthetic, clean and quiet. :)
Perfect. My planned build, awesome to see it with my eyes. Great job as always, now I'm not scared of thermals with a silent system..
Your face-to-head ratio is low.
Cant beat my custom WC build who runs at lowest RPM fans at any load with good temps and good overclock on cpu and gpu. Only noise is a bit of coil whine of my ass provided by nvidea
Does the case come with the plant pot?
mini itx be quite case??
That hair is lookin pretty dapper!
silent pc isn't a thing for me since its quite noisy around my house
What’s up Dmitry good people here
QUIETEST i think you just invented that word for the video :D
Mine is more quite
What if you swapped out the bq fans for the Noctua A12's?
honestly hope the cooling methods of CPU/GPUs will be innovated by a clever person soon. It's just counter intuitive that the hot air spewed out by your GPU ends up going up through the top radiator if you have your top mounted radiator on exhaust. Conversely if you have a front mounted radiator with intake that would have pre-warmed air reaching your GPU. Maybe a case with a separate radiator chamber where the air passes from outside through the rad and back outside? I know the case jayztwocents uses for his skunkwork's pc has a bottom radiator chamber, but there's no mid tower or even full tower PC cases with this implemented.
I couldn't hear it at 13:15 cause my computers too loud.
Why not compare the noise levels with other desktop builds?
1200 watt RiP my bill
Hardware can you please donate me a Gaming pc any would be good i really enjoy watching gaming videos and i would really like to experience gaming i dont have a gaming or a console please i cant afford a gaming pc and i can get money cause i am still 13 please
Good job for load noise. Idle, my pc is silent, gaming ummm just no lol.
can i get an id on that hoodie it's fresh
Man that subscribe picture at the bottom right corner always pops up at the best time
If only they didn't have orange on their stuff. I hate orange.
dark rock pro 3 is more silent than silent loop 360 with noisy pump...
10 fans PSU has 1 fan and GPU has 3 fans. ??
How much did u spend on this? ??
If you want a REALLY silent system you have to use custom loop components but this is still a very nice gaming pc and probably silent enough for the vast majority of people. I personally prefer custom loops but I get why most people wouldn't build one because of the price and a (small) risk of damaging your components.
Silent loop 360 is not worth it, I went through 3 of them in one year, after 4-5 months they all started to make a loud grinding sound.
13:13 Jesus Christ mate, a warning would have been nice and less painful to my ears.
Here is a bit of info.. The BIGGER the fan the less noise..   Tested this back in 2010..   Small fans are the worst.. Anything under a 140mm fan isn't an option. Do a custom water loop with external water box..  PC = (3) 200 mm fans and one 230mm, water box has cards and CPU on loop. Don't even have to worry about fan RPMs.. I don't get anywhere near the temps on the rig in this video.
Dig the haircut and the build!
Does it come in all white
Nice Haircut ^_^
The pump of your be quiet CLC will fail sooner or later ;)
Metallic gear case review?
I know you said everything was at stock speeds, but did you undervolt the CPU/GPU? I'm a fan (pun intended) of keeping hardware at stock speeds and lowering the voltage for improved efficiency, temps, and fan noise. I undervolt almost every computer I have. Most CPU/GPUs have extra stock voltage for safety and overclocking headroom, but at stock speeds you don't need it, and you can get much lower results with some tweaking.
I just got the 601 and it's better than my 900 little baffled by that
Biggest problem for building a silent pc is pump noise and coil whine. I've tried doing a small noiseless itx build. But the waterpump is a pity, the coil whine and the fact that blower cards is often most suitable in small cases, but nobody makes silent blower cards...
3:42 there is a gap but you took off the side mounted feet closing the gap
yOu WoUlD'Ve HaD bEtTeR tEmPs AnD lOwEr DeCiBeLs WiTh NoCtUa!
Why does dimitry have the best b rolls
Love me some be quiet! Just got the Dark Power Pro 11, and together with 6 be quiet! fans in my system, it's so nicely quiet<3
????????? ? ????? ????? ?? ??????? ???????????! ?? ?? ? ?????????... ?, ? ?? ????? ?? ????????? ????, ??????
Sexy
I like Be Quiet!'s products, but their company name and their logo are absolutely cringe-worthy. I only use their products when my case has no windows and their logo is hidden from view. So I certainly wouldn't ever use a case with the logo emblazoned on the front.
It is nice, quiet and high end PC
You make the best you tube videos man
I told my mom i wanted to build a PC and she told me BE QUIET! I said ok.??
I’ve put that in every one of my comments for months
Please take a look at the new arctis 2019 and the rival 650 from SteelSeries
I remember the old days where once you turn on a PC, it was noisy like a car engine. Hearing the drives spin up, and the fans starting. We came a long way since then
No fans can beat the new noctua fans in silence
top tier stuff as always
I have the AIO from Enermax and I can't recommended it. I got it with air inside, its louder than my whole system and the leds on the pump and the fans are flickering on every mode and almost every colour. Only in blue they are not flickering. The only good thing is that the temps are nice.
5930k at 4.5GHz (1.28v) cooled with an NZXT x62, GPU is a 1080Ti FTW3 Hybrid. Loudest thing in my box is the pump on the EVGA hybrid cooler =P That's just a nice gentle hum. All noctua fans at ~800RPM unless temps break 80C, which is rare. I have an older video of it on my channel with a slightly different setup.
Magnificent editing Dimitri!
Guess you never built an HD Plex
even the RGB is quiet
Cummmm
Liquid cooling the GPU would reduce noise and temps.
Did you get a haircut mid-video? :D
If only that "beautiful glass" panel was solid black, instead of windowed. Nothing like being distracted by the internal lights of a PC, especially one like this that would double as a HTPC. You get a silent case, but one that's high in visual pollution.
Horrible airflow design.
Very cool video!
killer any audio pc in a studio needs to be quiet as possible....
PRETTY DAMN QUIET!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Dammit Dmitri, I had my speakers at 50 percent LOL
The Damn Quiet Award!
Mr reach himself created a fabulous beast Im 15 btw and im watching tech channels like these that i feel like 20 and 30 year old people watch.
I've been liking these new Be Quiet cases but none of them have come to Canada yet :/
Why not just turn the System Volume down...
Wouldn't you achieve the same silence results with a custom watercooler? Price wise I think that would be the same since be quiet is not cheap...
only way to go silent is with a full custom water loop and ek vardar 1850 rpm fans. My Core P5 is 100% silent with maxed fan speeds. ??
My tower is relatively the exact same as this besides the CPU cooler. I have a delidded 8700k with a Dark Rock Pro cooler. I was thinking about using BeQuiet's water cooler, but it had more moving parts, the fans + pump, instead of the Dark Rock Pro, which is just a heatsink with fans. I love it as you can't tell the system is powered on, unless you search for some type of LED or looking at the monitor.
why the duke ? the trio is quieter
should't you place the radiator at the front so you can avoid negative pressure??
Another great video. Awesome editing, narrative and information. Cooling a hot CPU without noise is certainly a nice challenge.
I guess if the accent color was not orange, they would sell much more...
0:05 Wow! A $300 DAC
I've been intrigued by Be Quiet's (technically "be quiet!") silence-focused pc gear for a while. I've been looking at building a powerful, yet quiet system, and this is the very purpose of this company's existence, so you would think they excel at this. They're a German company with an English name, yet their AIO cooler isn't available in the US for some reason on their site (some forums said legal reasons, but who knows). It's now available on Amazon (legal loophole?), so I just might pull the trigger and build an all Be Quiet system (case, fans, AIO cooler, power supply).
6 fans at 1000rpm? That is noisy. Silent fans run below 200rpm. They wong't even register with that meter of yours.
very nice, i like this silent experiments
Whats interesting is that my OG Xbox One-s fan is preatty quiet still after 4 years of use... but the coil vine and the hard drive is so loud that you cant hear the fan at all. I cant even sleep if the xbox is turned off and not totally unplugged :(
6 fans... pffft I have 18 fans on my Mercury S8 all fans controlled by my Aquaero 6 and all fans run at 300RPM. And I guarantee it’s quieter than this.
No USB C in front? WTF???
honestly, your hair was better before
You guys really are an inspiration. Wish to start my own tech channel. All of the luck and prosperity to you guys!
Actually creating a positive pressure inside the case - more intake fans than outtake - makes it also quieter, maybe you should try this!! :)
Canucks ASMR channel coming soon...
I really like silent Pcs but this is jut a 15 min ad
What about the streacom db7
A Suggestion: When you tell the audience to turn on Sound on a high Level and use headphones.... DON'T TALK. Also indicate when the Sound test is over. Like use 3,2,1, and 3,2,1 blackscreens for Start and end
2:35 are those case feet optional accessories? You should have ended the video with "Be Quiet my friends." ;)
Try out an Arctic Accelero Xtreme III for your gpu, at least it supports rtx 2080, so it might also support 2080ti
I was actually looking at doing a whole new setup with Ryzen and this exact be quiet case as i really love orange colours and even though black and red is my favorate for a setup, i think this would just look even more stylish. Plus i play a lot of competitive games so the silence would be amazing. I need to watch more of the video but this case already makes me tingle in anticipation.
Would be great to test it with air cooling like Dark Rock Pro. Many people don't like watercooling.
Quietest? How about the FANLESS build you did? Shoulda named this vid the quietest pc we build with sponsored parts.
You have a really good Taste. I Love it
when bae says I’m ready 0:11
Why not the NF-A12x25?
@HardwareCanucks Please note at 9min07sec that in your SPL meter, you are using the F (fast) curve, used for impact noises. Please change to S(slow) to have a correct SPL reading.
my wallet will screaming like a baby mandrake :(
That editing...
What TKL keyboard is that?
this case without a window would be nice. i don´t like windows on my pc case
cablemod 24pin but no cablemod 2x8pin pcie ;-;
That is far from the best parts to achieve a quiet pc and I highly doubt it's the quietest you have ever built. I understand you have bills to pay but shilling for BeQuiet does not pass on to your viewers accurate information. Noctua fans have a better sound to performance ratios. A custom loop with a watercooled gpu is always quieter. There are better case options...etc.
Are bequiet! fans quieter than Noctua?
Everyone uses headphones anyways. This build is only useful for falling asleep while watching videos. ....like this one
I feel like one of the Aorus motherboards would have matched the black and orange look of the case more
Been a while since I've watched one of your videos and just saw that you have 1 million subs. Congrats!
Hate when the AIO tubing runs across your RGB ram...ruins the athsetics.
I literally just installed two noctua fans into my system and its unbelievable how quite my PC now is. Before it sounded like a airplane and now it's just a relief for my ears and concentration
Should call it Silent Scope Build... providing that Konami doesn't sue lol
calling 1000 rpm fans silent is bs...
ditch the 9900k for a ryzen or TR and you are going to run faster and cooler
it's so silent
Very good integration of the 801 name as the time in the beginning.
Mabe, you would have better cpu temperatures if you put the 360 rad at the front so that it is sucking fresh air and not the hot air that is coming from the gpu. But still a nice system??????. +rep
Silent, but deadly for your wallet.
Honestly the loudest part of your pc is not even the fans on idle running, It's the Hard drives that are spinning at 7200 RPM in a enclosure that is tightly mountain on a cheap aluminum panel that vibrates and loudens the noise I fixed this by simply putting them vertical in the bay with Soft plastic wrap on the sids of the bay which dramaticly lowered the sound and thus the vibrations
Was the load test only CPU stress?
That hair sketch was 300 IQ! :D
your system would be much more silent with a passively cooled gpu, e.g. on a palit kalmx card. also, the current Asrock boards tend to run more power through the 9900K. it is quite possible they run much cooler on other boards and thus asking less performance of the cooling system
I am buying this case for my i9 9900k and 2080 build. :3
at 13:21 i heard a fan ticking before everything spun down dont know what it was but might want to check for a bad fan or i could be wrong and it could be the pump for the aio i have never been near an aio or have owned one so ill leave up to you guys to figure it out
00:35 that reveal tho
GPU coil whine?
sponsorship aside, consider air flow and air pressure, which fan do you think is quieter, noctua A12x25 PWM or bequiet silent wings 3?
When you build the quietest PC, but a coil whine completely destroys it... XD
SHUT UP!
don't like those Be quiet cases.. Fractal Design is much nicer lol
Add another 140mm to the front and call it a day!
Nice & quiet!
i dont think its fair for people to display adverts with these guys they make even fingerprints and ddust on stuff look good
nice hair :D
I wish I can build my own pc but I’m stuck with a prebuilt that my dad has decided what I should get. Also it’s a brand people hate most and I wish it wasn’t that brand so I don’t get hate from owning one already. :(
If I could go back
Which air cooler can you recommend for 9900k?
Undervolt the CPU
In my computer with (VERY) cheap fans that came with the case (that was overprices compared to USA prices), the loudest thing is my GPU. It is so loud that I don't even see the point of investing in case fans. :| P.S. Is it possible (if i get good case fans) to impact the temps so big that the GPU gets quieter? The GPU is RX580 Nitro+
It would have been quieter and faster if you did a custom loop with 2 360mm rad's or something
Where do you connect all the AIO fans?
Rip air pressure for this build
everything is good, but gpu fans are not quiet. Remove stock fans and put be quiet fans. Perfection ??
I do count 10 fans -> 3 AIO 3 case 3 GPU and 1 Psu. Otherwise that's a pretty interesting build. Would love to see a noctua version of this.
I recently bought some 140mm Pure Wings 2 fans... even 1 of those on low is noisier than 3 Nanoxia deep silence fans at full speed.
PC Porn at its finest ??
I've changes the stock cooler on my GPU to a Morpheus II with 2x 140mm Noiseblocker eloop (liked the colour) and liquid metal. The fans never go faster than 500rpm (it is set to 0% fan speed in msi afterburn, but the fans don’t have a zero-fan speed mode) and GPU gets a max 55 C. So, maybe you could switch the cooler for an overall quieter experience.
i have a cheaper way and thats dont buy a 9900k
MOAR BLACK PC BUILDS!
Great setup
It's quiet riot!
Very good vid
Dark power pro 11 is too beautiful to put it in that shroud.
Gz for mil
Old hair was better
Just an ad
wow, this is truly awesome, it is what I will stive for when I get the budget.
Great looking system, not so flashy and in your face, as the typical gaming PC. :) Silent Wings 3 has become my absolute favorite fans over the last few years. I'm running them in my main system as well, and i just gotta say, after i moved away from exotic cooling, and started using the be quiet fans, the joy of using that system is so much higher. Quiet is just more pleasant. :) Though, i do miss the looks that water cooling offers.
7:52 start the build
3:45 What kind of awful person would but this then put it on carpet?
Its not a silent PC at all if you have an AIO. Pumps are loud.
im useing 6 140mm silent wings 3 fans and an darkrockpro 3, and even at full load. its a litle humming like noise but not that loud. im happy with it :)
You say the quietest tower, but I see no custom water cooling. My tower is quieter than that.
what about the fractal r5? they advertised it at 21.2 dB....
Looks nice besides the quiet. But Intel should know better...I mean I get real tired of having to delid CPUs even now with the 9900k soldered sTIM. Shame on intel. I for one do not consider 80c acceptable at load. I wonder how this would do with a full custom loop?
Really good color and composition through out all video. I'd say its a neat video
I got stock Intel fan. I dont care, i am not gonna hear it over the game sound
Link to the music?
Speaking of sound, will you guys ever review the sound blaster x ae5, or compare it to external dacs, given that you are one of the few larger tech channels that review audio gear?
Liar! you had build the Fanless Streacom's DB4 before. This is not the quietest. That build also had an external gpu.
liqfusion: (h?) ttp:// [..]
Why not try some Corsair ML fans? How would they compare.
Every video has dislikes. But why
The loudest part in my system is my 3 TB hardrive (which I acutally need) (at idle)
Those are very quiet fanes
its almost 2019 how come no1 fix the gpu sagging yet?
Should have used a FE 1080Ti and a intel stock cooler for your silent build, I have heard a lot of things about there sound levels...
Sexy haircut!
How loud is the pump compared to a fan? Maybe one can get the noise even more down by using a Noctua NH-D15...
Can i has?
Sick intro!
Has any ever told you that you look like chris pratt and your new hair cut adds upto that
happy with my FD R6 :)
Furst? No, twenty thurd ;_;
what are the temps like ?
My wallet hears it.
13:13 RIP headphone users who turned up the volume
AMD system will be color match with the case
This video is sponsored by BeQuiet & Enermax.
Paid videos ??
I watched this video on mute... with noise-canceling headphones.
silent for youtubers, very loud for viewers :D
Top 20 comment bruh
custom water loop would make it really silent. you guys should do water cooling you never dable in custom loops
Hey I currently have a 1050 ti and need something a bit more powerful can u help me either OC it or get me a better gpu.
The silent loop series is trash. The AIO will die anytime soon.
Be quiet! Personally i would call it... shhhh... ...ut the f up!!!
Nice build
Subscribe to my channel anyone plz
Silent But Not Silent For You Wallet xD
who knew a comedy with chris pratt playing as both main roles would be so funny and good!!! 10/10
Good morning from Indonesia
Daaannggg my pc sounds like the inside of a wind tunnel
Love this channel
Hi YouTube
7 one plz respond hardknacks
Very cool
unlisted