He’s so nerdy, but in a good way
Would an i7 8700k bottleneck instead of the 9900k?
But real question is can it run BioShock ??
Want to buy fast pc for high school
i buy an i7 8700k and intels like heres a 9th gen 4 days later...screw you intel!
Total cost?
i9 7980 XE RTX 2080Ti SLI the crazy gaming PC
But can it run Minecraft
10 dollars later
The video about Unbox Therapy and Jonathan Morrison surprising you at your parent’s house when your place burnt down was suggested after this video.... Never forget
yeah i bought a hp with a i3-550 3.20ghz 4gb ram hdd 300gb gtx 260 for 60$ the only problem is that the psu doesn't have pci-e for gpu and in my country is not easy to find those stores any tips?
Aren't they coffee lake?
i9 is not good for gaming
How did Jaztwocents feel when u gave the graphics card u gave back.
laughs in 12x GTX 2080 Rtx on
Can it run google?
My desktop needs upgrades 2... but I want to pick up a laptop making moving around the house easy...
Austin. Give me. I am willing to sell my butt for it
Austin. Give me. I am willing to sell my butt for it
GiVe ThIs Pc To Me PlZ(( i HaVe No MoNeY
But can it run the home screen?
When will my lucky be here?
I bet it can't run MINECRAFT...
Wanna know how to speak like Austin Evan’s? Just say every last word of your sentence slow.
Don't buy these! Okay
Yo Austin how much is the total cost to build it and if I give you the cash can u build it and give me cuz it’s so confusing and am not so good
LOL. Expensive, highly spec'd pc, Austin decides to play Fortnite. FAIL.
Can it run that bitch up like a track meet?
What programs should I use to test my own computer
But it is faster than a Bugatti Chiron?
RYZEN THREARIPPER IS BETTER AT CINEBENCH R.I.P INTEL
Gimme 1
wathcing it in a sempron 3200 from 2001 that still lags at 144p ????????????
gamin pc 3000 $ ps4 300 $ smh
Hey Austin, this is my pc Stuffs Core Intel i7 7700 24 Gigs of Ram 4TB HDD and 1TB SSD I beat you in Ram
No RTX SLI???
Shoutout to ltt
while the core i9 reach the 4.7ghz, mine is only 2.33ghz.. so sad
but can it run MineSweeper?
oofing linus
AUSTIN PLEASE COULD YOU DO A I5-8600K 1060 6GB GPU AND 16GB RAM 1TB HDD BUILD WITH CORSAIR SPEC OMEGA CASE WITH THE WORKING RGB LIGHTS THAT COME WITH THE CASE!!! THANKS ??
I have a $4,000,000 industrial ammonia refrigeration rack system cooling my coolant for my desktop, also have a huge 100ft cooling tower cooling the water for the ammonia plant condenser. My computer would run at about 1000 degrees C (molten) without the cooling system so it needs it.
I fell for it
can anyone tell me what monitor he uses
i am still triggerd about your red case! i think it would look better with a white case becasue your mobo is white
I want 69 comments no more and no less
hey guys zzzzz austin
bro i get 350 fps with an i7 and a 1070ti
But, it's nice that the benchmark test uses all those cores, but are there actually games that do? In earnest that is.
Did he change the Motherboard or just kept the Z370 Prime?
Play Fortnite !
I have 2 old pcs. I plan on making them sleepers.
Can it run fortnite
4:18 Clearly not scripted
I get 80 fps on all epic on Fortnite and i have 1060 6gb and i5 3 gen lol
I only need 666 likes no more no less
Is it worth more than a toyota corolla? Woops wrong channel
cool gaming pc austin do you like it and still have it did it work good
@austin, they arent both skylake cores.....theyre coffee lake. ;-)
So, minesweeper?
Fastest in what? Where? so you have 2080ti and 9900k and 4k monitor and there are nothing faster then others cpu-s unless you don't want to downsize on 1080p but you will get shitty pixelated graphic !! 9900k are only hottest and most overpriced cpu while anything else
Linus sneak diss
STOP!!! MINE DOESNT EVEN HAVE A FUCKING 1 TI GRAPHICS CARD!!!
give me it please <3 :)
I need :'c
... Fastest?
I want 1000 likes no more and no less
Would anyone here be willing to help me buy an Xbox One X. I may not get one for Christmas this year. ?? Also love your channel dude. ?
The real test, minecraft........with mods.
To everybody reading this comment have a good life. I hope everybody can live and will achieve their goals. Please spread happiness throughout the world. Thanks and goodbye
Einstein was a fool to think there isn’t anything faster than light, clearly he hasn’t seen this video
6:47 "DAVE2D's favorite gameplay from the bus" ??????
Try tu run Red Dead Redemption 2 on it. Good luck.
Pffft my i3 laptop runs faster ;)
Pretty decent he says
But can it run crisis
BRO REALLY!? I PLAY FORTNITE EPIC SETTINGS WITH 1060 6GB AT 80 FPS!
My PC isn't even loading the video quickly... lol
You look like ur trying too hard to be funny and enthusiastic. Be ur self man.
5:52 10 dollars later....
Still rocking an i7 7700k with a 1070
Is it able to run cool math games
is it faster than the flash?
Title should have read "The most expensive and overpriced gaming PC/oven I've ever built"
can it run minecraft 20+ fps?
subbed to both
But can it run Runescape?
thats faster then my everyday crappy computer
What monitor is that?
Let's start a story there once was a man called Austin Evans
Fuck you 14nm hello 12nm
Pretty weak CB score compared to 1920X which is much cheaper now and can do 2800-2900cb points when overclocked.
Does anyone feel like Evans is just burning money at this point? The 1080ti has been benched similar to a 2080ti, and the I9 has been proven to have marginal benefits from the I7. I mean I guess if you got the money.....
SUCKS... if you do it do it correctly man
I got two 2080ti's with a 7940x oc to 5ghz. Custom water loop.
man i wish i had that
Speaking of upgrades, youve upgraded your looks, bu its time to upgrade those glasses
The specification is too much high for Minecraft
And here I am with a radeon R7.....
But can it run Minecraft?
I love his lg monitor
dave lee is mad
Mans throwing shade at linus....??
But can it run, CLUB PENGUIN?
"But this is [cpu] a little bit more expensive"...
no mention of heat...this bad boy IS HOT...i'd avoid it (Been a tech for 22 years)
Heyy Austin, Have you used the same Asus Z370-A motherboard or some different??
* Builds crazy expensive computer * * Plays fortnite *
high performance... when the x299 platform is still out.
never clicked a video so fast
Dave can it run pong tho
How are your temps. I have a similar rig (8700k instead of 8086k) and want to know how it is doing re temps.
I9 sucks
Im building a gaming pc with the following components... Amd ryzen 2600x Asus rog x470 f Corsair 8gb 3000mhz ddr4 Samsung evo 860 500gigs ssd Wd blue 2 tb Asus rog strix rx570 Corsair vs550 psu Corsair spec 3 cabinet What u think about this config? Should i change any parts above mentioned for a superior performance?? Pls pls assist.....
But can it run RTX 2080ti?
What monitor is that?
Talks a little smack about Linus and his issues, has issues himself lol. Love ya Austin
lol leave linus, I was literally holding my breath to see if all his vms would come on...but really good video here Austin Evans continue the good work
0:21
but can it run the witcher 3? max setting?
Hey guys this is ??ustin
What’s the total budget.. think this could be a beast hackintosh ...!
8:17
you wanna give that to me? plz.....
I wish to have a pc like that??
but my i3 austin evans can run it at 30000fps
Have you ever seen a comment and been like Damn I wish I wrote that
CORE I NINE OKAY THEN
could it run minecraft?
Which monitor is that?
Like for robo raptor with baby hands at background ????
been waiting for this vid since the release of rtx 2080 and the i9. whats ur keyboard by the way?
Please try emulating Wii games through Dolphin on this ! I can wait to see it !
Austin is a fortnite noob
Real games and Fortnite do NOT belong in the same scentence.
Builds a COMPLETELY OVERKILL PC but still a No-Skin FFS AUSTIN
I have a GTX 1080 i7 8700k 16GB of ram so how long could my pc play games at max settings 100-200 fps? Currently runs gtav max settings capped at 240.
HEY GUYS ITS AUSTIN HERE ?? ?? LOL
Who else doesn’t know what he’s on about but just wants a cool pc
Should've done SLI
I want someone to make a pointlessly powerful pc that can run any game at 300+ fps
But can it run crysis
0.21 where tf did that came from ?? ??
Wow that is the most hi end pc
Can I have it?
this is like the lamest video.
I want that monitor. Link?
yay corsair aio's are the best
Austin no doubt you are great!
That thumbnail tho
Cable management?
honestly who can afford this
Why am i watching this i have a 3080 ti Fucking hate that type of comments just stfu kid
But Can It Run Minesweeper On 30FPS
i think he has the founders edition. not sure though
build an overkill pc lol
i need that full setup for gamming plz give
I built my pc in 1 sec... it was prebuilt
He always asks hey guys but he never says how are you guys
Name and model of monitor?
What's sad is my gtx 1050ti on fortnite highest settings everything on but v sync I got around 70 to 80 fps XD
It's actually ashually ashlly Austin.
This PC is nothing to a server PC .
HAI DUDES ITS YA BOI AUSTINIAN EVANS
DizizAuztin
Linus' struggle is real man. You so mean! xD
austin you are asking for carpel tunnel
How do u overclock
i9 is overwhelmingly expensive
But can it run Crysis
Dat forehead....
0:20 I’m unsubscribing
Isaiah 43:11 "I, even I, am the LORD, and apart from me there is no savior." Turn to Christ for salvation, he is the only way to Heaven.
Is anyone else wondering what keyboard he uses
So can it beat USAIN
no fortnite
Nice pc can I have it
DAMN HE DISSED MY BOI LINUS ????
should have gotten the threadripper 2 wx 2990
0:20 got’em
Can I have it? It will probably run minecraft at 5fps but who cares
can I play jailbreak in it?
I BET MY gtx 690 and AMD FX 8350 IS FASTER
16 gigs of ram peasant I
I WANT 69K DISLIKES THX
The fastest PC you've built The PC that will leave the biggest dent in my wallet
Let's spend over $1800 in upgrades to play fortnite and pubg. I'm all in!????
But can it make memes?
Can it run 3D pinball?
can it run Crysis?
0:21 got us all budas
Is it me or does he really look and sound like Andy from The Office?
maybe
Did you keep the Z370 board? I am considering this chip but afraid that Z370 is not enough for overclocking, as I've heard.
Waiting for thid since thr new i9 and rtx
It can hold up to half the memory of Austin’s forehead Note: I’m not hating on Austin he is one of my favourite youtubers.
I want him to say. Hey Austin, this is guys ????
I9 7980XE 18 cores 36 threads
Hyperthreading doesn't make a big difference? GET OUT!
I mean wells
He looks like Harry from the flash
No joke my internet dropped when Austin said "No internet" :0
But can it run potato
Name of the monitor?
Disappointed. Was expecting 2 ryzen2990WXs, 8 RTX2080ti s, mOrE RGB and 256gb of ram
My Pc is so bad it can't handle Roblox
How many colors of this same shirt does this guy have he wears this shirt in every video
oh i thought he was going to speedrun a pc build
Austin u got me there with that cheeky finger game play
When u realise he is gonna do nothing with this pc other than some editing... Actually what the Fuck ??
0:20 RRRRRRRRRRREEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE
Next Video: The smallest child I’ve ever raped
I don't get why these YouTubers are testing fortnite and pubg very easy to run games play rust that's the real test is massive
Still not as fast as a mac
Plz give that pc to me i rlly need it :(
?????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????? ?????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????? ???????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????? ?????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????? ???????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????? ?????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????? ?????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????? ???????? ?????????? ???? ??????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????
But can it run the marathon?
Please benchmark with better games like snake or the trex game and if you think your pc can handle it maybe pacman but that is so gpu craving pls read it would iprove your vids
Wasting so much money in a pc.....
But can it fly?
Since no one will like my comment I'll be the first to start
6:43 ????????
can it run minecraft???!!??!
Brasil 2019? Curte aqui <3
Hmmm why is there a laptop there maybe powering the whole thing?
how to build a system includes I9-9900K and RTX 2080ti follow the steps 1.STEP sell ur kidney 2.STEP sell ur other kidney 3.STEP write down a testament for ur family about purchasing the system u wanted to buy and put it next to ur grave EZ
Sooooo much better than just displaying the benchmark numbers!
But dave lee said to not show the battle royale diving scene........
HEY GUYS THIS IS PC TODAY WERE BUILDING AUSTIN
How avout using a Quadro tesla
Why does the core i9 packaging look like an engram from Destiny?
but can it run minecraft
I have been using an amd 1700x at 4ghz with a gtx1080ti and 32gb of ram and a Samsung 960evo m. 2 ssd as a boot drive
Famous igtv star Austin Evans debuts his first ever computer video on the new streaming service: "YouTube"
I feel your pain! The day I was going to upload my video, YouTube died and then it came back and then my Internet died.
Lol Linus
This video, Austin's paycheck, apartment, etc are all brought to you by Intel
LOL! Austin is calling out everyone!
What LG monitor is that?
Bad Boys II reference = instant like
Shiny forehead!
Wait the iPhone 9 those not exist Man why are you saying i9
Hey Austin this is guys
While I have i5-6200U Intel HD 520 8 GB RAM single channel 1TB hard drive
His house is going to burn down again with that i9
WHY THE FUCK DOES EVERYONE USE SHITTY ZERO AIRFLOW CASES.
"The fastest xxxxx ever" is such a dumb way to describe technology. Obviously the newer technology is going to be faster. It's not like you're gonna build a PC with intent for it to be fast, but then not make it faster than your previous build.
Don't know what's going on. But, still watching coz love Austin.
u just said -pubg not the nicest looking ?
Wait seriously no more hyper-threading on Intel chips? Why is that? Surely that makes Ryzen chips even more better value?
I saw a 5 gigahertz gaming PC for 750$ dollars
Is that henley the essential one from Cotton On?
Pc cost?
Who remembers when the best parts on the market could only get 4k 10 fps
But is the cpu rgb
Imagine a little more clock for The CPU and another 2080Ti and both over clocked
Now Intel started to sponsor channels and give them free i9 9900K just to convince people to get it! it's not worth it, The Ryzen 2700x is much better
First minete he speeking spanish
dave roasted
what is the monitor in the video
Out of everything he could have tested, he tested fortnite and pubg... He could have used so many other games
Hi
HEY GUYS it's AUSTIN
Here i am watching with 2002 build pc
can it run the pornhub search bar?
Will it blend?
Austin can I have a free pc?
Austin looked disappointed to see the i9’s multi-threaded score being too high.
Anyone else thought this was a speed build?
Am selling my dog.....anyone?? ??
6:40 "Play Real Games" Plays Fortnite ?????
Is Austin worth it in 2018?
1:23 >still building single-gpu systems with consumer-grade hardware and one operating system per tower >celebrates his 8-core 16-thread cinebench score while ltt, jayztwocents and gamers nexus are overclocking their 7980xe's to about 4.9 or 5 ghz >benchmarks his setup with fortnite
What’s you opinion on Fortnite on Android?
Got em 0:21
Giveaway!
1:23 SHOTS FIRED
Austin Martin
But the question is, can it run fortnite?
Austin slaps the top of the computer: this bad boy can fit to many games at higher fps
But can it run pacman?
Dave will kick your ass for your gameplay
The Fastest Gaming PC I've Ever See
What is that keyboard on the table at 1:06
All those YouTubers making overpriced gaming PCs and never actually using them for gaming
Oof
But can it run crycis??
9487 lol it means "simply an idiot" in mandarin
I wish I could understand what's he's saying
Can it run minecraft at max settings?
"hyper threading doesnt matter".... runs multi thread test in cinebench, gets happy .... guess it matters.
Hp pavilion au116tx... Sucks...
Dave where r u????????xD
Hi Austin, this is guys
Everytime I see GeForce RTX, I always think: GeForcer TX. Is somebody else always thinking that?
Please do a benchmark of CRYSIS 1 and CRYSIS 3 with ultra settings and MSAA X8.
6:23 Austin builds a very expensive pc, then is suprised that its fast??. Btw love your vids
why do i not notification of such good ideos?
Calling out Linus like that NOT COOL! But it looks like you jinxed yourself there...
The z370 cant handle well with the 9900k
That is one fancy tv
please austin mame a gudie on how you fixed the internet issue on that pc
Hey Austin can I get some love from Malaysia
can it run paint??
Half the video was about benchmarks
G I V E A W A Y T I M E
Le hands on le raptor
Friggen price You'll "Pay" for this Mr. Price! ok i'll just leave.
I wish i could afford something like that....??????
So you're telling me, FORTNITE looks good while PUBG doesn't? Well done! LOL
Hey! I've been building for quite some time a computer for the first time, so I have an Asus prime z370-A motherboard I bought a few months ago, however, I haven't bought a cpu because I've been waiting for the i7 9700k. The problem is, I've seen some comments that you need to update the motherboard's bios before being able to use 9th gen processors, is that true? That would be such a bummer since I don't have an older gen cpu just so I could update the bios, as I said before, is my first time building a computer. Any help, would be appreciated!
But is it faster than my fapping speed?
Anyone else spend 8 minutes of their lives not understand almost anything in the video?
For some reason I thought he was gonna build a PC as fast as he could.
Can I play super Mario in it ??????
That tricep????
I just looked at roboraptor the whole time
Austin Evains help me i went to play PUBG on my Xbox but I didn’t gold membership please give me gift card
Can it run crysis
Id stick to my 1070 for now... I'm satisfied with the frames I get + I like playing on low graphics anyway
you look like Malcom from Malcolm in the middle in that new profile pic
oof that dig at linus was deep
Can it run command prompt? I’m curious if it can or if I need two Xeon platinum 8180 cpus 128gb ram and 4x quadro rtx 6000. This would be a way better option as it’s significantly cheaper
I am at 0:02 in the video and I have a feeling that the main benchmark will be Fortnight
Lol this pc sucks it can't even play minesweeper at 1 fps, at 1p
Hey cake this is frosting
which motherboard you use...
Fix ya internet with a sponsor
His forehead shiny af
but can it run crysis
But the I-9 9900 is not a gaming CPU per se. It's a productivity CPU. This is therefore not a gaming system.
what are those numbers at 5:32 ?
Video end at 6:38
watching this on a $200 laptop
But can it run austin....guys ?
Hey Austin your pc specification videos are insane but when you test out games its so lackluster, no hate but i think you need to do more on the testing games aspect.
0:20 Really Austin Get yeeted ??????????
Gets a beast system but only test it on fortnite and PUBG ??
This is pointless, consider i7 and 1080ti yesterday still better hardware.... Oh wait Nvidia will slowdown 1080ti.
Just make a whole video testing a bunch of games
Is it faster than a tortoise?
Nah, I'll build my PC the Verge style. ??
Which keyboard this is ?????
Why would you ever put pubg on that computer lol
Ummm, so I just realized, I was watching some, let’s just say, questionable material, and just realized that Austin’s girlfriend is a porn star. ??
But can it run paint? Didn’t think so
ugh why would anyone waste so much money. just get an xbox one X already
A PC is not a PC if it can't run despacito 2
Bit in the starting it said no benchmarks.... Arghhhh!!!! Viewbaited again...
hey guys this is gaming pc, and this, is the fastest Austin ive ever built
Just play better and more demanding games next...... You're wasting this build by only playing trendy games.
fortnite at 70fps? thats it?
Like for Linus burn.
Why don't you use CS:GO anymore?
why is austin so bad at fortnite
¿can run the nes emulator?
Hey Austin can u buy me a gaming PC and build it and ship it to me with the mouse and keyboard and Everything?
anyone know what keyboard he is using?
ya know i had a PlayStation ad before this xP
Did you use the same motherboard?
HEY GUYS this is Austin
I wish I had the disposable income for this
I have no idea what the fuck his talking about! I need to get back into computing
but can it run minesweeper
Still have that 8086 in my system, it's straight fire man - Really can not recommend this processor more if anyone edits often.
Still slow for the processor memory mboard and graphics are not fiber optics! Just saying.
So if i do all of that computer jiberish i can play minecraft at full speed great :)
so is there even an i3? is it i5=i3, i7=i5 and i9=i7
Wtf was all that computer mumbo jumbo?
Dude u legit logics brother
PLEASE PLEASE STOP SAYING "HEY GUYS THIS IS AUSTIN" - YOU LOOK STUPID. YOU LOOK RETARDED
133,999 views rn
Hey guys this is autistic!
I hope we some 3DMark Fire Strike scores next time.
That end tho
Well, I just have intel core duo :(.
What can I say, PUBG is more poorly optimised than I think
that new profile pic tho
Can u give me that on chirtmas...
Pc vids are back
Fortnite? PUBG? You should test with Call of Duty Black Ops IIII.
7:16 as noted, Austin knows NOTHING about the game. "80 fps is playable" for noobs.
That is somewhat overkill.
So fucknite is the new way to test these beast machines? ?? test that machine with a real game such as witcher 3, gta v, destiny, etc. not this cartoon-wannabe looking piece of shit of a game
Hooooooooly
Can it run Crysis ???
HT doesn't make a difference.. Do you even PC..? 9900K Encoding gets a HT boost. Many usage cases it increases performance up to 25-35% in encoding, and can save 4core machines from 100% in games, It stops dropped GPU usage when your 4thread limited. Not All things,.. but to say it doesn't make a difference makes YOU look stupid and you should know better.
Do mate 20 pro
God damnit 0:21
How much would this cost?
But.......can it run Atari Breakout????
I i have a budget of 800 dollars should i get an acer nitro 5 laptop or a cyberpowerpc or what do you gus recomend send help please it has to ve prebuilt
Gotta wear tight shirts to flex those tiny ass biceps!
But can it run coolmath...
I am still using my second-hand laptop Dell Latitude E6330 w/ cpu core i5-3320m, 8gb ram, 256gb ssd+320gb hdd and intel graphic 4000??
Still on the pre-roll ad but I bet it only runs crisis at 1080p 30fps
Great, now you're machine is 12% faster at double the price point
Austin isn't perfect but he's a simple man and I can respect that.
Y’all want to donate your old pc parts to me lmao
Hopefully you'll only need one power supply ??
A little bit more expensive? HAHAHA
Was it worth it though? Heeeeeeeeell naw
Don’t buy the cpu or gpu. They’re both a terrible deal.
Hell...I play PUBG on my i3,8gb,1050 machine .. ????
Welldone, finally it can run minecraft without lag
So now intel made metal foundries for pc.... No thanks. I don't want to see my motherboard in flames.
Laughs in Core 2 Duo
I want it.
Can it run google?
That jab at Dave made me laugh, I love the guy but fucking hell was that funny.
Can it play minecraft?
But, can it run Crysis?
your forehead reflects the whole studio :p
But can it run Crysis?
0:55 mins into the vid...... Raptor claws are now raptor hands ??
Can you give me the old one?? Please Austin....??????
Austin is this guy's hey!
Lemme have it :)
I'll stick with the 1800x thank you
0:20 GET NECKED
0:20 Damn it Austin
“Hey guys this is linus” Spinsorship and earrape intro ??
6:43 YES that dig at Dave 2D was so good.
ima stick to my 8400 and rx 580 4gb
Make a ultimate ps3
i am going om a really like it if someone could go on my wishlist and buy me super mario 3d land for the 3ds my nintendo id is luck.spencer77
can it run minesweeper
Can it run Crysis ?
can u do more console vids
You would make a horrible fortnite streamer
Can it run minecraft
Austin be careful, you might burn your house down with that chip
Why would you diss Linus
I've literally just started YouTube so can people go sub to my channel I'm going to do different video game videos on there
i get an ad for a mac lol
You just needed to call on Linus and your Internet DROPPED!!!
Good training for building a gaming PC
But can it run Cool Math Games?
"The Ultimate Horrible Launch PC Build"
The pc that nobody can buy-exapt youtubers...
Hmmm.... Dave Lee 7:18
Why not have one 2080 ti when you can have 2
What's the slowest PC tho?
Not gonna lie but the red on the case makes it look a little ugly
lol... my ipod 4 still beats this
But can it run cool math games?
AUSTIN EVANS VS JAYZTWOCENTS VS LINUS BUILD OFF!
My pc is 200$$
But is it affordable?
Give me your old one or. Read more
Now turn it to 11. We need to see the overclocks
Austin, YOU DONE MESSED UP WITH THE BR FOOTAGE! DAVE WILL NOT BE PLEASED!
Putting the 2 ads in the beginning was a great idea
6:43 Dave!!!!!
100 Mb but keeps turning off... or like me 100 KILOBYTES but never turns off
Yo Dogg but can it run bombsweeper
5 GHz is a turbo-boost on single core only - so if you have a single threaded application that needs a lot of CPU - you will get the 5GHz. If you have multithreaded application that loads all of your cores at the same time (like Cinebench does) it will boost only to the all-core turbo speed which is 4.7GHz for 9900k. And even more - if you start loading your floating point unit, then turbo frequency gets even lower.
hey guys dezz Austin
Hyper-threading™ Hyper-threading™ Hyper-threading™ intel has you by the fucking chain. Please say SMT.
this computer is worth more than my house
Wow didn’t even play blackout
yeah sure you are using an i9 9900k whit a z370 chip set mothearboard and dont understand why it isnt boosting bacuas you need z390 chip set foor al the new functions from the new i9900k
Your wallet just blow up cause that PC PRICE
I really want to know how much fps you will get on playing super mario on this pc...lol
Super mario gameplay please
How much? :v
0:20 Dude. xD
No Z390 board?
Hey Austin!!!
I will help you make a faster one List rtx 2080ti sli core i9900k water cooling and better fans on case
My i7-4770k with a gtx 960 2gb runs fortnite at the same fps as that beast
Hey guys, zzauztin But can it run Minesweeper?
I actually don’t understand what is happening in this vid but u still got my like ????
Hhhhhhhhheyyyy guys...... thizzzizz Austin!
YESSSSSSSS FINALLY
those shirts are the ugliest ive ever seen
You know its fast when you can play fortnite
I love the bit were he said “Dave’s favourite footage” like if you know what I’m talking about
Available for 100000000000003793$
You should have played Call of Duty's Blackout mode I think that would have looked rather cool and you should have actually played a full game of it.
Ok, we can all admit, Linus is better with technology, but those he make cringe video's like Austin? No, that's why we all watch Austin! Because of how cringe his how to waste videos are! Keep up the cringe Austin.
I wish I had an awesome gaming PC, No I wish I had a gaming PC.
But does it minesweeper???
It doesn’t look that fast to me.
Ryzen threadripper ...better choise
please donate this pc to me for gaming/streaming/productivity :D
prreeeettttyyy weeelll speeecceedd system??
Like OMG, you didn't use a CPU guide, extra thermal paste, tweezers and a swiss army knife that MAYBE had a Philips screwdriver? So unprofessional.
OOF for linus
My Internet went down watching this video... Coincidence? I think not!
1:24 yo know, he knows quite a bit more than you about those things... (Not saying that YOU don’t know anything , I do like your channel, but still... yeah...)
dat sexy monitor name?...
ummm hypert-threading DEFINITELY matters.. it helps in so many was.. many of the tech youtubers agree they should of made them less cores and added hyperthreading.. because the hyper threading will do more than an extra 2 cores will do
what do u mean, my omen 15 can run fortnite on epic settings on no less than 120 fps
Can it run minecraft
Hey Austin This Is Guys
so you are going to overclock this
Can it run mine Craft?
All epic 60 FPS with 2080? I get 110 FPS with a 1060 3 gb
any chance i could win this pc? lol
How much is the price?
Nice advertorial dipshit. Next time put some Intel watermarks on your video so it's even more obvious.
I built my fastest PC like $5000 in 2018. How does it hold up in 2036
What’s the monitor he’s unsung is the 27 lg or the 32 lg
for some reason, whenever Austin is happy, I’m happy.
You should have used the i9-7980XE
20,000 Gaming Pc Plays Fortnite
nah go ltt and go dual xeon 32 and a quadro
Yeaaaaaas i have a new BEAST pc watches this video my pc sucks
but can it run crysis 3
Ok let me sell my soul and house for this pc
wait this is new? I only just noticed...
Its not saying much ive seen scrapyard wars
But can it run minecraft?
0:21 motherfucker
Hi Austin this is guys. I'm so original.
This dude really just dissed Linus. Awaiting a diss-track war between 2 tech-heads.
I dont know why i watched this, i didnt understand anything austin said lol
Only a single 2080 ti? I have just ordered one with 2 and a custom watercooling loop with an i9
Honestly its a rtx 1080ti founders edition and you only get 80avg fps at 4k. I kinda expected alot more
A like a day will convince austin to go to the gym
I'll take that 8086 off your hands if you're not using it XD
The Lenovo Ideapad 33os core i7, 2TB Hard drive, 24GB Memory, 16GB Optane, and 8GB RAM. Would it be worth buying for $649?
Builds a powerful pc---- plays fortnite
2003 - Pentium 4 overclock - 5GHz 2018 - Intel Core i9 cinebench test + cpuZ - 5GHz woahwoahwoahwoahwoahwoahwoahwoahwoahwoahwoahwoahwoahwoahwoahwoahwoah
Why. Is. The. Case. Read
HOW DARE YOU DISRESPECT THE FATHER OF TECH AWESOMENESS LINUS WHY WOULD YOU DO THIS
STOP CROUCH WALKING!
My pc is only 400x slower xd
That i9 box looks like a engram from destiny. You expect something good but you end up disappointed lol
Austin Evans, can you revive the Electron Build?! >:D
but can it run Minecraft
Lets get some SLI up in this shizzal!
makes "the fastest gaming PC", plays Fortnite and PUBG smh
Can u plz send me a gaming pc for bid plzzzzzZzzzZzzzzzZZ
Cool man
“ryzen has been around for a few years” nigga tf u mean ryzen has been around for a few years they just released ryzen in like q1/q2 2017 NIGGA
Seeing as 8 cores is pointless for gaming right now
How much it cost????????
PLEASE STOP USING FORTNITE AND PUBG FOR BENCHMARKING
Ducan get amd instead of intel core
Hey Austin, this is guys
but can it run ROBLOX ?????
What
U mess with linus, i mess with your pc
I need some serious power to play cool math games
This is more a Linus thing to do than anything else
Still slower then my iPhone 1
6:43 He actually watched that stupid video
shintel lol
I wish I had the money to build that
Not as powerful as the PS4 Pro
Cool
NOICE
What was that intro song? The bass and trumpet caught my attention! I am in need for new jams. HELP!
Linus: “Haha, cute”
?? daddy wants
Okay, Austin. I should warn you. The chips get hot. Steve over at Hardware Unboxed overclocked the i9 to 5.1ghz and it got to a 100 degrees even on a 240mm aio and a nhd15. He needed a 360mm open loop to get it slightly below 100 degrees and it still hit 98C. There is no gains in overclocking the i9 (barely 1-5%) and its not worth hitting 98C. Don't do that. You'll probably set something on fire. On second thought, make sure to get like close shots during the livestream. We wanna see the burning.
So many shots fired in this one video lol
Dislike for fortnite
my kidneys are expensive
nice
Does anyone know what case this is, its??
My friend has GTX 2080 OC and Clocked at 5.3hz it’s insane runs literally all games at 4k60.
You can get the Ryzen 7 2700X for $275 cheaper. And have the same core and threads. Or even 12 core Ryzens are cheaper then Intel.
This is so cool i wish i had like austin
But can it run IOS??
1 like = extra heart ?
But AMD is better for productivity
But can it run Crisis
Lmao my pc is significantly better
Awesome !
PUBG running exactly like Fortnite but "uhhhhhh pubg is not optimizedddddddddd" ??????
Wow. Fortnite and PUBG. Do you actually have other games than Fortnite, PUBG and Rocket League?
Why would you build such a sweet system in an NZXT? I'm puking right now...
I am so tired of people benchmarking fortnite on a 'powerful' system just because the game is trending, why not do say far cry 5 since its still an open world
Every Austin Evans pc build video is flop
Your forehead is so shinny
But does it have a bott... Wait, wrong comment
BETTER THAN NASA SUPERCOMPUTER I GUESS...
I like your hair
Honestly i didnt understand most of the video XD
Test csgo in this configuration
Watching this after the Surface Pro Laptop review....that thing just looks so bloody amazing. Just needs a few ports.
I hate the fortnite
But can it run ROBLOX?
Hey guys, this is sponsored XD
Austin Evans is it possible to donate this amazing pc to me?
no austin, its never too late to test call of duty blackout :)
Pubg graphics are really good I don't know what you're talking about, yes when you parachute it doesn't render the whole huge map because that would make your game crash but please name one battle royal game that has better graphics.
But can it run Crysis?
1:30 6 grapichs cards
Please try passmark performance test 9
Please try blender and asus realbench
Hey Austin, I just want to let you know that your comment section is hilarious. It's one of my highlights of the day because I have nothing going on in my lyfe.
Please try microsoft solitaire
Damn Austin straight up calling out the homie linus
"now ryzen has been around for a few years"... are you sure austin
Please try fritz chess benchmark
Give me computer
You did just 2 games. Please make minecraft and universe benchmark and more
Are you kidding me? Fortnite?
Throwing shade on @linustechtips 1:22
Which keyboard are you using??
Wtf? The 8086k did a little less than 1400 on cinebench in the multi score? There is something wrong going on there, my MSI gf63 laptop with a i7 8750h did 1223 in the cinebench multi score and it's a fucking laptop of 1000 euro's. What the heck?
The RGB is not Synchronise, this is bad
Thanks for showing off your wealth
Really? Fortnite gameplay test? WTF...
Eyyyy
In building my pc whats better to use amd ryzen 3 2200g or the intel pentium gold g5400?
Why you always test fortnite it can run on every potato But i appreciate you tezt pubg too cuz that can't run on every pc
shade throwing at linus, i like it
And Im still here trying to play games without a gpu and with overheat issues.
Can I have it?
Wow just give away it to me please I am poor(with pubg and fortnite installed)please with the monitor
Title edit --Why does this gaming pc exist in 2018?
Name of the monitor pls? Anyone?
ITS COFFELAKE NOT SKYLAKE YOU UNCULTURED SWINE
Name of the monitor pls? Anyone?
In America, Austin builds the fastest gaming pc. In Soviet Russia, gaming pc builds the fastest Austin
Here I am sitting with my and a9 and Radeon r5
Lets send Austin some money so he can afford a better internet :D
now build a gaming PC as fast as possible
Is this a video
I'm assuming you have Spectrum
Which keyboard do you use in the video ? :)
He must be running AT&T
I understood nothing you said during the entire video
What monitor is that? 4K 80fps?
following LInus trend)
Ok Austin, I get Fortnite and Pubg are popular, but the run smoothly even on a 1k pc, come on.
Fortnite is not even graphically hard to run. So tired of seeing it benchmarked
The fastest the speadyest and the best
This is pure love ??
And then there's me i5 7300HQ and a GTX1050 (2GB)
Bro you gotta run like modded skyrim with crazy graphics mods to test what it can take
For gods sake Austin, pee first and then shoot the video. You’re hopping around everywhere
The Meaning of Austin : A US Tin / just a tin from US
they're both skylake cores not wrong there
damn....his forehead is shinier than my future T_T
Why not just get an Intel Xeon?
Let's make a petition to stop Austin from testing Fortnite on every computer.
I literally dont know anything he is talking about
How much is this? 5K? 7K?
Founders edition
Dibs on your old parts
Why you always wearing the same shirt
Hey Austin, would you suggest the h700i for a fresh build?
Heya Austin! Pleasure seeing you yesterday, I was the dork snapping a pic from the hall with you in the background in front of the arcade. Funny last time I saw you we were at some retro LA Arcade place. Keep up the good work!
Hey it’s, guys Austin!
how well does blender 2.8 run on this?
When I first read the title I thought you had built the PC really quickly lmao You should do it though, as fast as you can
Austin i have a video idea for you. Make one about how careful or lack of you need to be when building a gaming PC. Do some things like apply too much thermal paste, bend a few wires and notches to see if it still works which could maybe put some people at ease of building their first gaming PC.
Love that muscle ??
Oh no you got me 4:54
Thx for this video now I can imagine having this
The cable management in there looks like ass
Pour Linus
Austin throwing shots at Linus
Hey Austin I need some subscribers..
Cool, but can it run minesweeper at 60 fps huh? I dont think so.
Subscribe for more in my channel ????
Lies I'm from the future and my 99 zcore system with built in BTX 5990TI and 86tb ram is so much better than this piece of shit. Plus you still run Windows lol why not Google Skynet OS 6.
But can it run minecraft ?
Hey gaming pc this is guys this is the Austin we built just a few weeks ago Which has since seen some slight upgrades
nice
1:23 shots fired at linus
That pc setup is looking Gorgeous What is the total cost of building this pc
By the way the 9700k is. It worth it
1:30 Did I just heard from Austin that it is worth it?
Yes, It can run crysis
Live benchmarking? This channel is becoming more like LTT everyday.
Ok so, I didn't understand anything Everything was out of my mind ??????
Nice baby hands
Hello I’m from Iraq
If you sub to me I will sub to you just comment done
Spend literally 1000s of dollars .... Still playing Fortnite?????
I have a dream. My dream is to be a youtuber. Can you helpbme just checking my channel?
I don't get the titel the pc doesn't even move in the Video ....
"Now, Ryzen has been around for a few years..." Wait a sec....It's been so long? Don't think so.
Hey guys this is Austin....
Austin please next time play something else, like Black ops 4 or Battlefield V or Assassins creed Odyssey or anything other than Fortnite and PUBG. You do know that some of us can't afford computers like that, right?
Buys A Expensive PC plays with a default skin....
what's that monitor?
Hey Austin this is guys ????
Fortnite, The go-to game for tech reviewing channels
I see RTX in the thumbnail, I click. Simple as that.
I see RTX in the thumbnail, I click. Simple as that.
Meanwhile i got a core that's trash combined with a gtx 460 XD
Why has the de-facto design trend among gaming computers become red-and-black? Back in 2011 we used to get Alienware computers or Razer products, for instance, with all kinds of color popping up from them. I do believe some manufacturers such as MSI haven't given in to this trend, but still. Now it's mostly that: red-and-black. As if everybody loved this combination. -_-
Hello sir ji
This dude has a punchable face. Greasy looking ass fool
But can it run minecraft in low settings at 30fps??
Testing a computer with Fortnite is like doing a Facebook benchmark on the Razor phone
Austin's Forehead is too bright unlike my future.
HeY gUyS tHiS iS aUsTiN!!!! Read more
Please giveaway to me I am a poor person...... Never have comp
i dont THOT so good
rtx 2080ti with i9 9900k O_O
Can i have that pc ??
Which moniter is this?
My WiFi is like the exact same as yours. Goes on for a little while then turnes back off.
And now you sell it on Ebay
Also the ugliest PC you've built...
Austin is my dad.
Can it run Minecraft
Hey, Austin this is guys.
Do studio tour and office. WS
Austin's fivehead is quite shiny. Reflects alot of light. LOL
What moniter did you use
So Basically, Im Austin
Hey Austin , This is guy . More budget build pls?
i9 9900k + RTX 2080 Ti Plays Fortnite and PUBG I guess PUBG is ok but when you can afford a PC like that, you can afford more games too, unless you're Austin
can someone tell me what is the model of the monitor?
Can it send a man to the moon
and i have the shitiest pc of all time u can cook ur food from the heat of my pc, yo austin if u ever think of doing a giveaway please email me hehe
your profile picture was the fastest thing built
Road Runner: Huh? It isn't as fast as me... Coyote: runs crysis
why it not look gud tho
I want this pc because MY PC ALREADY GIVE ME NOTICE. SO I WILL REQUEST YOU PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE GIVE ME THIS PC. AUSTIN BRO. BY HEART REQUEST. FROM INDIA.
Hey guys we're going to Boston
I honestly thought he meant building the pc very fast.
But can it run crysis?
Wait this dude isn’t Linus tech tips bugger off clone
LOL
If I can ever save up enough money I wanna build this PC
And I still got single core cpu with 1 gb ram and no graphics card.I can beat him????
and here i am with a i5 760 and gt 450....
Dave plz say sorry to austin, it looks like that video did hit him hard??
I thought it was linus until I saw the channel name.
dude your forehead is shiny as fuck.
Finally....
You look a lot like nick eh 30
Shiniest Head award
Austin is a Savage, always points out Dave comments on tech youtubers ??????????
2990WX RTX2080 TI SLI 128gb ddr4 4266mhz
This is bloody fast, but not faster enough, it needs more led and sli
no it isnt the fastest
I want to comment something funny but I can't think of anything.
you seem like an intel fanboy
Shots fired at Linus
Now add another 2080 ti and overclock both cpu and gpu
4k 90fps on 9900k and 2080 ti? not too bad. But its kind of pricy!
4:55 ??
Hey guys this is autisme
That's a really tall ladder!
Come on austin,overclock that 2080ti!
Here before 20 k views!!!
How can we "look at it" when you don't show us... ?
U FORGOT BLACKOUT nobody PLAYS PUBG
How to go homeless 101
Who’s waiting for Linus to leave a comment
But Can it run COD WW3?
>build a top of the line monster of a PC >test it with Fortnite Never change.
Taking Shots at Linus I see..
OOF
That Linus roast :D
Dave’s favorite gameplay lol
This pc is fast asfart boi!!!
This nerd is happy
Can I have that please?
"I actually spended 10 dollars for nothing?"-Austin having a setup that it's more expensive than my fucking house
why is everybody bashing Dave? You know he is right, right?
What do you think of the RTX launch, Austin? 8:01 "Aw, this is bad, this is bad, this is bad." That's what I thought.
Seems like a good pc, but can it run office 2007?
Sponsored By Intel
this processor probably will cost less than $70 in ten years
Is the fastest gaming PC I've ever built worth it?
Hey Guys this is fastest!
But can it run minesweeper at -6000 FPS?
i want it.
Sick but what do u plan on playin on it cause like ur not the best Fortnite player heh ????
3:31 no offense, but they both are coffeelake not skylake
Jev's new PC
play some league of legend on it....
@1:34 we all know that wasn't a thumbs up :P
V3 custom loop
nerd alert
Ladies and gentleman, Austin got us @0:19 ??
Jeez how much was that all
wow, you r looking jacked
For the price no thank you! AMD has the value for gamers.
Austin is looking for beef against Linus. Who would have the best diss track?????
I love Austin
Hi
i thought so
What is the monitor name ?..
Austin should go to austin texas so he can say "Hey guys this is austin and im in austin.....Texas that is"
HEY RTX, THIS IS AUSTIN
FART AT 07:10 OMG IT GETS MUCH MORE FUNNIER "MUCH MUCH BEEFIER COOLERS THAT WILL GET THE 'AIR FLOW' GOING" HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA
The new profile pic looks a lot better.
it really annoys me that people dont put dvd/cd drivers on their pc's today :(
Giveaway ? And i won ?
nice channal
Hold up, there is already 9th gen intel chipsets?
but can it run Crysis?
[Insert "Hey guys, it's Austin!" joke here]
Austin “Triceps” Evans ;)
Austin : Hey. Vsauce here
Nice, fyi, lighting looks weird on this video, talk to Jonathan Morrison about it... :)
Damnnn, you use shoe polish on that forehead?????
Threadripper >> i9 9900k
Dont dare to say that PUBG is not good
Austin tech tips.
I was first ????????????????
Hey Austin! this is guys
Hei gyus dis sis Austin
You know, as someone whose first computer ran at 4mhz, it just blows my mind that I'm watching videos about 5ghz processors.
Guys a guy made the fastest NEW PSVITA it's called "PSWITCH:THE NEW PSVITA" I have no idea about this guy but i think it's pretty good!!!
I just came for Austin. The rest is just gibberish for me
I always wondered Wth do you do w/ this
Hi
Haha the mini hands are STILL in the videos XD
I have a PS4 but I’m also contemplating getting a PC. My budget is 2.5-3k any suggestions?
Hi
Nice Build! Also the case the i9 came in is looking fire!??????
You are people are so blessed sometimes I just spent over $700 gaming PC at Best Buy and I could barely run Call of Duty Black Ops 4 and I was dying for this game can afford a new graphics card bills are way too high
Cinebench is multi threaded not single.. xD oop nevermind your running single core xD
You are rich, we get it.
Hey guysss the is "AUUUSTIN"
People are talking about i9s and 2080ti and I’m still using amd 3 with 1050ti
Hey guys,This is me
But can it run Minecraft?
this was THE FASTEST TIME I CLICKED ON YOUR VIDEO!!!!
still not faster than the speed of light. :P
Your head looks like an egg
This pc gets you a victory royale before you touch the mouse!
Hey Austin! This is guys! Thanks for showing some more EBIC Fortnite gameplay on this PC. Linus couldn't show me negligible performance improvement on an overkill PC in his videos, so that sucks.
But can it run crysis ?
Hey Austin This Is Guys Never Gets Old Right
Hello
test.....overwatch.. its better then fortnight AND overwatch requires higher spec's for it..
first i liked...then i disliked when i see a pc like this being tested by fortnite and pubg.
Speedy Gonzales built :-)
Oh hey the guy who was in that commercial for the computer ZORK was on now has a “tech” channel... hmmmm
2080 giveaway? Hmm??
8:02 that's what you can expect, being shoot @ your wallet.
ooooh snap shots fired at Linus. ??
Can we see some different games in these benchmarks? It isn't hard to run Fortnite at epic settings. Let's try gta v or doom next time.
What is the best version of a pc I can build within $500
This is a troll comment... ??
This is SO cool. Nice vid Austin!
cool.
Hey guys! Thzzzzzs Austin!
Nice build Austin top NOTCH video :)
Can I borrow it?
Austin....your doing everything wrong. you won't be getting the REAL expected results untill you do it in a correct way...*ufffff*
i like Austin's videos because of jokes like :048
I wish i could have a gaming pc
You're lucky Austin Evans
Is it faster than Austin lasts in bed?
I want 786 likes. Thanks
can it run minecraft ?
Hi
Hey austin! this is guys
Notificayion squad
DAVE GONNA GET MAD WITH THAT FORTNITE GAMEPLAY
"a little bit more expensive"
Ghetto Austin has only one graphics card.
Can you please do something like you know affordable...
1:31 his look is like "in your face linus" ??
Make the ultimate gaming fridge
Hey Austin, I’m looking for a laptop that I’ll probably only use for writing! I used to write a lot on my iPad but it’d be nice to have a laptop to write and then be able to print. And I kinda was thinking a MacBook so I can easily transfer things from my iPad to the MacBook, not fused if that works? But I really just need something that can use google docs over Microsoft word, primarily cuz using the iPad with Microsoft word is annoying and doesnt work without being a member. And I’m not gonna throw more money out for that. But if you have any ideas that’d be great! Thanks
Squat
But can it run Donkey Kong on Ultra settings?
:-) :-) :-)
He upgraded his 8086 to a "Core i9"? What is this Austin even talking about, the obvious upgrade from an 8086 is a 286.
But can it run Austin Evans at 60 FPS?
Hey, Austin listen, man, I love your videos. You're really good, I learn a lot but dude you gotta change the titles. To be completely honest from 2017 your titles have not been good Sometimes because of the titles I might miss a video or won't care much about it. Just keep the titles plain and simple. No hard feelings You're still my favourite youtuber
Put some glass on the damn case , Im dying
Dave's favorite game play ?? I get that reference...you troll
If you had my internet you'd probably go insane
hey guys this is PEWDIEPIE
Bro! I want to buy a gaming cpu under 400$! Suggest me one of best!
Dang wish I could have a pc like this
Not so 1st
Meow
what happened with the asus modems did they not work
I really love your contant its so good and i didnt even get bored watching!!
Oh god, no, please, not Fortnite again...
Over $1500 for a GPU? That's functionally retarded.... time to dig out the ghetto Nintendo from the closet
15 minutes ago how convenient ??????
245 th
The Founders Edition, The Founders Edition, The Founders Edition, The Founders Edition, The Founders Edition...
That’s a really long ladder
NICE !
no.233
i should play some real games ..... fortnite on 2080ti this is austin
f austin
heyy Austin how are you man wish you were here at my place... really want to meet you I take a lot of tech tips from your channel
Love the video but a 9900k is way too overpriced for its performance compared to a 2700x
You are the best!
You do the best vids
Next video selling my build pc
I'm saving money to buy the Huawei honor Play 7x
BUT CAN IT RUN CRYSIS?
Cool!
Hey Austin love your videos
228th
more pc videos like old days :3
fastah
That moment when he almost done with the video and then u get the notification
8:15 sec is fastest but next time try to build within this time limit ;)
Can you do an updated version of the top 5 best pre built gaming pc’s video? I’m getting into pc gaming but I don’t want to build my own just yet.
Me: Just buys a brand new gtx 1080 NVidia: Drops rtx outta nowhere Me: eXcUsE mE, WhAt tHe *family friendly*
The i9 box looks like Im about to decrypt a crappy engram that Im about to dismantle in Destiny...
The cable managements is sooooooooooo cringe Austin get some help
Damn
aint got nothina gainst my 1050ti and i5 7500 with 8gb ram XD
Dave is pulling his hairs rite now.... That jumppppp ??
Why is your forehead glowing?
I’ll buy it for a dollar
Love you bro
Great video as always keep up the great work
Why did you buy the founders RTX 2080 Ti???????
love the channel
lik this if u lov ur mom
Thank you very beautiful and wonderful explanation
Deja vu!!!!!!!
would u like to sell ur ps4 slim of 130 dollars?
Austin Tech Tips! :D
Upload gameplays on it
But can i run minecraft????
Nice
Uploaded 5 minutes ago, Some of the comments shows 7 minutes ago.. Austin is illuminati confirmed ??
Austin: Let's play some real game.. Austin: plays fortnite.
Do a house tour I want to see where you keep all your tech
The fastest ken I've ever built
hey austin ...how are you..been watching since 2016 and made my first pc bak then...love from india
Core i9 isn't that much of an upgrade over its last gen, since its going close to threadripper prices its a horrid cpu to justify buying
Gift it to me please Austin!??
its not my birthday can i get 5like?
Waiting for this since the RTX on insta!??????
30th view yay
You want a fast PC you just need a Sonic plush, stash it in there and BOOM.
Hey Austin,this is PC
0:07 AMD FAN be like: Finally Austin has update to a ryzen... i9 and RTX... triggering intensifies
Nice video!
When your were installing those parts did you make sure to wear your "wireless antistatic wristband"?
30th view yay
30th view yay
Don't comment "But can it run Minecraft 60fps"
I’m new to making videos on strange on mystery topics and would appreciate some feedback :))Io
7:30 sevennnty??
Nice i'm early today!
Those dinosaur hand tho
I swear i will like this comment. You swear you must like.
The beast pc but money$$$
465
Can we talk about how sexist Austin is? Always saying "hey guys" but never "hey girls"
Hey guys this is Austin
Early
If you like my comment i will delete despacito
29 views 293 likes seems legit
29 views 347 likes 145 comments hmmmm
29 views 344 likes. Seems legit.
Just realized I could have been first comment, but was too busy watching the video unlike everyone else
Please go 2:1
Why do you make it look so easy to build an expensive gaming pc? Please give that to me
30 views and 200 likes... YT is drunk again??
Lol who thought he was gonna build a pc in the fastest time
nasa wants back its pc
Damn its a beast but when is RTX gonna make some difference literally no content for it
??? ???? ??
Your the best
Nice
0:20 GOTEEM
But is it faster than TLD
Im early Fastest click in the west
killer pc i never seen this type of pc i love it
Maybe 9999 like?
First
You shoulda built it in a Mickey Mouse bag....
Big fan
Notif squad ??
Can I have it?
The video starts @ 0:00 your welcome
Wow im early
27 veiws 200 like 102 comments I think YouTube is drunk again
Hey Austin Guys this is
Hi
27 views 163 likes and 73 comments.
Sperm.
28 views oof give me this pc dad
No too late for first comment... Do I get a like from Austin Evans Himself?
I hate people who asks for likes. Like if you agree. Oh wait
Austin Fans Like Here??
But was it worth it?
27 Views 209 Like SEEMS LEGIT
Great video. Was so fast it only took 2 minutes to watch.
Hey gaming pc this is Austin
but can it run Roblox
thank u
!Austin is this !guys Hey
Too much ????
I'm earlyu
Next Video: The Fastest Austin I've Ever Built...
The Fastest Stove I've Ever Built
Harder, Better, Faster, Stronger
Facts about Humans They breathe
AUSTIN I LOVE YOUR VIDS YOU ARE THE BEST (:
The fastest comment I have ever typed.
PLEASE REVIEW A LAPTOP NEAR 1000$ (ALL AROUND WITH NO RED ) WHICH I HATE BTW.. :)
Wasssssuuuuuupppp
First dislike
First
lol hope you guys have a good day
Boi 1 minute late..dang
I love u man
32nd
You could recycle this title every year... Seriously, news reporters and tech companies should stop using that clickbaity term. iPhone, the fastest phone on earth Xbox One X, the most powerful console on earth No shit ??
first
Austin this, is hey guys!
This is the fastest comment I have made
Ok, so basically, this is Austin
69 comment
Hey guys this is austin
100% Not Click bait
RIP headphone users @ 0:00
Wow
Cool
oof
Wow
I have a $400 HP for gaming and it does what I need with no issues. No need to upgrade for a few years. I’m good with my core i3 ??
Ree
I want 999 likes no more and no less. Ty
If only I knew how to build a pc...
But is it faster that an airplane?
Next: Building slowest PC
Must be nice to have a pc
notification gang
Opened the video just to listen to "Hey guys, this is Austin" ??
The Fastest Mini Refridgerator I've Ever Built
very nice
Hey Austin, this is Guys!
Howdy would you like to donate a gaming pc to me!!??
My dream came true
Omg
austin make a pc with 8x gtx 1080 ti
25th view
THIS MAN CANNOT BE STOPPED
Austin's videos are best ????
Epic
well thats a turtle
cool
i am the 24 th
The fastest comment i have ever wrote
Hey Austin it’s GUYS!
28th
I LOVE THIS CHANNEL
In the first 20
Hey guys, this is austin!
First
Austin is a dumb
He is a cock sucker a professional one ???
7th comment
First like and first here
Took long enough for the rtx video
7th
Hi
Hi austin
First
First
Ali a makes some cool vids
Hi
HEY AUSTIN THIS IS GUYS
Firstt
Hello
First ??
Hell yeah!!
25th
Almost first.....
Fat yeet
OMG am i first
Third
yup
first
Ez
what upAustin
Hi
3e
Yee
ey