We got more Serial Killer videos coming! Which one should we do next?
Scammer gets scammed
Do I know a serial-Killer more gruesome then holmes? Yes, I call Mengele, der Todesengel! (Angel of Death)
3:39 IS THAT MUTHERFUCKING LOSS??
Holmes would sale some of the bodies of his victims to science in a scam as well, a lot of people forget about this
Do Richard ramirez next
Im the only one from supernatural-
It's an ironic name for a serial killer
My grandma met this guy... her friend was killed by him
Fun fact he inspired the saw movies
We don't really know who's Jack the ripper, so we can't possibly know who is descendants are
What's a chiminy ??? Oh, a chimney !!! Got it.
James Patrick March
Am I the only one who thought of the hotel Cortez
According to The Devil In the White City by Erik Larson the third child was stuffed into an oven pipe at a house they stayed at while he was on the run from the police. If I remember correctly that is.
H.H Holms means HHH means Triple H
H H holms is not jack the ripper
Hey i was born on May 16th
S-Sherlock Holmes had enough
I'm a killer I chop them up and sell it
Leonardo Dicaprio is going to play him in a movie
Why did I read "Homeless"? Lmao.
I thought it said Sherlock Homes for seeing homes
What's the instrumental song?
Its pretty ironic that his name is Holmes.
Yes you forgot to mention that he was fucking handsome lol
I know there is a lot of debate over who is the worst of the worst serial killers in history, but no matter what I hear, I can't get past Albert Fish. Everything about him is horrifying to a profound degree. Especially as a parent.
Isn't Holmes a investigator?
'' chimmeny's ''
I'm pretty sure Ed gein is the most horrific
0:56 In the top right hand corner theres a picture of a guy, am I the only one who thinks he looks like bread
Was H.H. Holmes the brother of Sherlock Holmes? ??
But I live in New Hampshire
I love the serial killer videos, but they scare me a lot
That Albert fish guy is a real jerk
Could have done better with the video. ".....his home being a massive torture chamber.Some skeptics though, have said that this has been greatly exaggerated". They know his house was such because the police investigated his house and found all the bodies/remains, devices and investigated the house. There should be no room for argument here. I'm skeptical of these so called "skeptics" who are doubting this ever happened. There's some misinformation in the video as well. The chutes were used to send bodies down to the basement so he could do whatever he wanted with them, etc...
You should do a video on the toy box killer
He wasn’t actually the FIRST documented serial killer... the Harpe brothers were (I hope I’m spelling that correctly)
I wonder what his desendent Jeff mudget think about his ancestor
Bj
Do a video on Gary Ridgeway
H.H Holmes = the original Triple H XD
timeless season 1 episode 11 covers this
He also owned a small concrete business now from his castle. They did some research and found that he most likely chipped the body’s up and put them into concrete. He would then throw them into the river. A team in Chicago took a underwater rov and scared the bottom of the right and say dozens oh concrete blocks. Right near where the hotel should have been. He also had a early cremation oven in the basement. But then later turned to selling his victims skeletons to hospital for a educational scam
Thanks, I just got a visit from the local FBI for watching all your videos on serial killers.
Why are women soo gullible, naive and stupid?
Wait Isnt that Herlock Shomes and he was a detective (sorry for da English
The animation is so cute lol
I got scared really easily, thanks god you made these videos animated
Plot twist: This is Sherlock Holmes brother and he knew what was he doing but he never wanted to arrest him cause he had pity PS: this is just a joke so ummmm... have a nice day
Supernatural brought me here.
chimineys
TWENTY EIGHT STAB WOUNDS
"you eat a couple of people and a good agent spins it as a 'life choice' "
Is this what ahs hotel is based on?
Toybox Killers
Lmao my uncle is Richard Ramirez’s doppelgänger and whenever he goes out in public people always say something. One time a police officer had went up to him and told him “WOW I had to come up to you, to really see if you were really him” he then told my uncle that he was one of the officers who had captured the real serial killer and had to interview him.The officer was literally in the same room as the killer
May I please have the name of the backround Music?
Can you do a video on Gary Ridgway aka "The Green River Killer". They say he is the most profilic American Serial Killer with 49 confirmed kills.
So the guy that came forward claim to be HH Holmes ancestor? Or Adam Werth? Werth is assumed to be Jack the Ripper by many.
Dude, I guess I'm a psychopath confirmed. When I found your serial killer series, I can't stop watching and am enjoying them. Wtf is with me dude?
h h Holmes sounds like jigsaw
What's Chimeny
H.H Homeless H.H House H.H Hell
Always the mefia, who is overreacting too much to get a big story...
Do ivan milat
Are there no reliable floorplans and police reports on what was found in place?
Do Albert Fish
Who whould eag kids what was the world back. Then
The third brother... Sherlockians know what I'm talking about.
I really enjoyed the Supernatural episode with HH Holmes, especially since that's the first time I heard of him
Oh my goodness in love with your channel! ?? keep up these documentaries love em !??
I am related to h.h. holmes
is it bad to binge watch these serial killer videos? lol
You glossed over it here, but what he did to the Pitezel family was horrific. After murdering her husband, he convinced the wife to let him take three of her children. Then he led her on a wild goose chase around the country, assuring her her husband was hiding in London. He locked her two daughters in a trunk and fed a gas through a hole, killing them. Later, he poisoned her son, chopped him up and burned him. He put the mother through hell, leading her around, giving her false hope, and murdering her children as he went. I don’t think you can pinpoint a “worst serial killer” and H.H. Holmes’s hotel may have been exaggerated, but the horror of what he put the Pitezel family through is usually thrown away as a footnote, but it was much more than that.
It's odd, because I've watched a few different HH Holmes docs on Youtube and none of them mention that he also got money by murdering people and selling their skeletons to Medical schools. I believe he also kidnapped the children and traveled with them for some time before killing them. these were mentioned in a full length documentary that was on Netflix which I suggest, it was quite good.
yo albert fisher is from my town
Psychopath
Reminds me of the Winchester house
Is there ANY solid information in this video?
These videos got me not trusting people
Wanna see my torture room?
Jeffrey Dahmer
American Horror Story: Hotel :3
Not gonna lie, but I'm here because of Culverton Smith.
chimeneys? CHIM EN EEES? ITS CHIM-NEES
Welp we got the same bday
That beginning animation tho... Thats even worse than being killef by Childish Gambino... Lookin like he saw dat fine foxy booty and still cant get straight.... Freakin YARR
Waiting for someone making an awesome horror movie of it from someone like James Wan. American horror story season 5 is a bit like it.
he stuffed a child up a chimney and put two girls/sisters in a trunk to die
He is triple h....its time to play the game ??
4:25 CHIMINEYS??? ??
Sherlock Holmes in an alternate universe
Is this Sherlock Holmes?
usa... a collection of rare and defective forms of DNA that collected itself together in the 18th and 19th and 20th centuries in a brave effort to save the normal humans from being exposed to the problems it might cause among the normal humans.
pesteados tem q matar mesmo pra livrar
PeePee PooPoo Man
Honestly. I'd be so susceptible to a serial killer. I'm an extremely trusting and empathic person, so if someone asked if I wanted something with an anesthetic inside I'd likely trust them and die
Sherlock homes needs to get on this case!
More evil? Joseph Mandela
Sherlock Holmes
HHH and for some reason i felt the need to see if H was the 6th letter of the alphabet lol alright goodnight.
He bad air tight rooms that he could pump carbon monoxide into and then he would prepare the body to sell as a skeleton to the medical community for a good deal of money or use the body in some sort of insurance fraud. I have done a good bit of research on the man and it is clear that he was a narcissistic- sociopath who had the charm and the wits to lure very many people to their death. I believe that that he cared nothing for human life and although a sadist, no doubt about it, many times money may have be the greatest force that drove him to kill as he did.
Albert fish??
If he wants to cause people pain and suffering, he should become a dentist.
Pretty sure he had vats of acid in the basement which would explain why most of the victims were never found
Bgm?
actually, america's first serial killer was Columbus.
He died from hanging
H.H Holmes ? H.H.H Triple H
i first read H. H. Homeless
Is he saw
This may sound crazy to you , But I may be related to Jack the Ripper You see my great great (I don't really know how many greats) grandfather was Queen Victoria's main Doctorate , his surname was Jee which is my mother's surname , I took my dad's surname before they broke up . Anyway , her doctorate was highly suspected of being Jack the Ripper , if not the most suspected . But because of his position in the royal household he couldn't not be searched .
He is the inspiration for American Horror Story: The Hotel
Most of H. H. Holmes kills are mythologized. Deep Fat Fried did an episode on serial killers and discuss a good portion of their history.
Who burnt down the murder castle
Triple H
“Chiminies”
I think you're slowly turning into Captain Spaulding
still think I'm related to this guy
Richard Ramirez looks like Michael jackson
Me when I heard C H I M I N E Y S Me: (This is going to be annoying) ????????????????????
The Green River Killer, Gary Ridgway. The man who murdered so many women that he's forgotten his body count! He was charged with 71, that's all he could remember. :/
“What makes a serial the worst of their kind?” Umm.. maybe that they’re a killer???
Not only him knows how the house works, but the people he hired to build this too
If he was on dota of league of legends, he would be legendary having killed many heroes.
Damn how long has Sherlock Holmes been a murderer
Do John Wayne Gacy?
We need Sherlock Holmes on this one!
Fun fact the iron maiden never existed
I read "The Devil in the White City" Holmes did have a gas chamber in his house that he used to kill some of the girls he seduced. He built his hotel using laborers who came to work on the world fair in Chicago but couldn't find work because everyone had the same idea at the time, he would promise to pay them but never did. Some died building his castle. His hotel took up a whole corner of the block, and a segment was a pharmacy that he owned.
Can you make a video about albert fisher?
Who also came here because he was watching or remembering the 2nd season Supernatural episode ''No exit''? Lol I found a lot of interesting things about hh holmes from that episode
90% of the comments: "haha he has the same last name as Sherlock" 5% : "chim in eys" 5% : random
Do Charles mansion
I legit feel like I have a problem, I am so interested in murderers and watch videos about them a lot. But I can't handle seeing blood at times and sometimes I'm okay with it. I dont fucking know ??
nice animations
This guy really sounds like he just lost a 1v1 in FortNite
Subscribe me i will subscribe you back.
When I was little I was in bed and I heard a documentary of this hotel I’ve had nightmares ever since
Are we ignoring the fact that he is Triple H?
Sounds like the inspiration for hello neighbor
It always annoys me with these stories that they never know for sure. Did he kill 29 people? Or 200? Big difference, fella’s.
I thought it was h.h homeless??????
I am a CEREAL killer
One thing is for sure that serial killers just love killing women ??
please make a video about Philips pudkin the founder of blue whel game..............?+!:'&$&$%&&%&%&
John Wayne gacy
Our country never had a serial killer
This is what makes me firmly believe in judgement day there has to be justice for everybody in this world you find killers like this one get away with numerouse murders and some one has to asses them and it's GOD belive it or not i rest my case.
I call that hello neighbor.
H.h. holmes? More like h.h. homles
Uh oh no I live in new hampshire
SHERLOCK!
Name of the song, please?
The toolbox killers definetly top this H.H. in my charts..
hej
He's a god damn genius
You filthy humans are sweaty, dirty, filthy and smelly.. meow
sherlock holmes' evil cousin XD
The original Triple H.
Do a video on Peter Kürten aka the vampire of Düsseldorf
I heard that he sold the bone structures of his victims to teachers, scientists and universities.
In the murder of Susan Smith, Pearl, and a few others, he sold their skeletons to medical schools after a friend articulated them.
Do a video on Peter Tobin. Scottish Serial Killer
It’s a chimney not a chimerny
Do doctor death
This guy did many trap eliminations and I’m struggling with one ??
I thought he was a detective?
was the hotel cortez in ahs based on his hotel? there’s body shutes, rooms with no doors, doors with no rooms, and torture chambers in both.
sherlock H. H. Holmes
Hang-Geeng room.
Jigsaw, indeed.
My last name is Holmes lol
Maybe H. H Holmes and Jack The Reaper are buddies.
your mom
From the cradle to the grave!
I thought he was a good guy because of cartoons but now I'm ruined and shooked
Theres like 20000000 serial killer vidios
chimmuney??
Title looks like the writer stuttered
H.H.Holmes is Holmes Holmes Holmes
Ah,the "good old days"!!!
How you get into a room with no door?
Chiminees
So how did he get away with this? Police were this terrible?
Unfortunately this is incorrect. I'm from the UK and the famous Jack the ripper we all knew who he was, as the police had all information about him but couldn't say anything as he was apart of our royal family in the past, and because due to that we could never prosecute him due to what might happen when people found out.
Holmes was a genius.
You should do Herb Baumeister. Where he killed gay men while his wife was away.
Just binge watching his vids on serial killers
This channel loves serial killers. Good news; so do I.... ??
Nah fam the worst serial killer was dad from bastard on webtoon
I thought it’s Sherlock Holmes lololol
1 question...... Whats your deal with serial killers???????????
I have hemophobia, why am I even watching this...??
he has the same last name as me......
????????
O
This serial killers story is also seen in the amazing television show Timeless.
Qoute of his:"Pleasure will be mine when I throw you in my sick mind hahahahahah.Even if you want to escape you won't,my mind is my house."
Is it just me or do all serial killers have a diary how bait is that
There is also some evidence that Winston Churchill’s grand farther was Jack the Ripper. He was a known member of a satanic Freemason club (as they all still are to this day) and the women were used in rituals. Hence the mutilation. Churchill is also suspected to be the real father to the queen of England. It was well documented amongst royal friends and associates that he was sleeping with the queens mother for quite some time. Check it out. Look into it. Even if you thinks it’s bollocks it’s still fascinating to read.
“At the time, newspapers were known for their exaggeration.” Nothing changes. ??
They called the building gay lol XD 10 gamer likes I’m so edgy I eat ass so hilarious
The Sherlock comments are gold!
Am not from the west and hence I had no clue who was this H H Holms . I really feel this video is not up to the mark as I didn't get to know anything cruel about his murders!!!
U didn’t have to mention the animal part
Animals in the video ?! I will not watch ????
i keep on watching this kind of videos.
i’m suddenly very confused with the stuff i already know about this guy
Pls make more cereal killers vids
I think Ed Gein was worst. While not a huge body count, the nature of the crimes is beyond anything. I wouldn't look him up if you got a weak stomach.
Go for albert fish next that monstorsity needs a bit of spotlight
It was a very anticlimactic ending to this video... ??
Why the hell did people said he is the worst serial killer in history !!??There are way many more serial killers who are more cruel and gruelsome than he is..
Holmes fired contractors regularly to prevent anyone from fully memorizing the layout of the building. Clever beast. Brutal and deserving of the worst punishments, but clever.
American History ??
I love the music
Make more I’m out of buzzfeed unsolved videos
... I was born on May 16th uhhhhhhhh
The hotel like the Winchester house
So basically the real life jig saw
ngl thought of sherlock holmes at first
The 3 murderers! South Park reference. Lol.
Pearl didn't die duh! She went missing and rebelled against the diamonds
I think Jack the Ripper was more infamous than HH Holmes.
Just call him Triple H
American Horror stories - The Hotel Season was loosely based on him and his hotel.
I’m confused. The killer doctor or ted bundy?
The first thing that must have striked in most minds would be Sherlock Holmes.
It is the amount and complexity of the premeditation that goes into their acts that makes it so chilling. The other end of that spectrum is how depraved and gruesome they are.
When you find refuge in comments.
Jeffery dahmer
“Chiminies”
Knowing someone truly experienced getting tortured by him like I would experience getting tortured by him is chilling
Isn’t it interesting that most if not all of them didn’t use guns? It’s almost like the tool doesn’t matter if a person is hell bent on killing someone/multiple people.... Fascinating
American Horror Story season 5: Hotel remember James Patrick March
:P
Always wondered what it's like to be girl ??... Flick flick
chiminey cricket
Oh rip
BRO!! I'm eating and it said that someone ATE CHILDREN
Now that they've dug him up Sam and Dean can finally salt and burn his body.
ahh i remember when i used to stay up late rereading wikipedia about Albert Fish a lot of times.. haha
girls sure do like bad guys lmao
Jerffey Dahmer.
It's said when the trap of the gallows opened he said "I am Jack" before the noose tightened. And he is recorded saying he was born with the devil in him. He was one of the first people to be recorded on Edison's phonograph.
the way this dude said chimneys chimineys
Amen
Belle Gunness is definitely worse than Holmes by a mile.
So H H Holmes initials would be Triple H.
Keep this series going!
I have the same birthday as him.
Do a serial killer video on planned parenthood!!
mao and stalin were more heinous serial killers than holmes
One of the kids bones were found in the hotel the son and the two daughters were found burried in a rental house basement in another state
This is why I have a pistol on my nightstand
Comment section 75% (Sherlock Holmes And H H Holmes is related) 25% (Woah this guy is messed up!) 0.1% (Woah this is a really cool video i love the animation nice job! Teach me your ways)
no evidence then it's a lie. Too many chinese whisperers in this world
John wayne gacy ?
Chimernies
Why are people so cruel?
Didn’t he have a massive cremation chamber?
The house is like in the game Hello neighbor
Probably the most manipulative to women as well. He could get young women fall for him and do anything for him
wasn't that the AHS guy
I love how all these kinds of videos have longass intros
Oh birthday twins May 16th??????
Do Richard Ramirez
Chim-i-nies
rooms with no doors? how do you know that it's a room ?
Interesting how so many women fall for serial killers
nibba said h before it was cool
What is that dude that was charged for murder and a whole bunch of other things name Joseph something something something
Do Peewee Gaskins.
I need you guys to do the DC snipers!!
You sound so happy describing the gruesome killings lol
I was born on a serial killer's birthday. Fear me ????
I remember building a model of his place once in high school, still have it I think.
What about the Chinese communist leader who killed 20 million people by accident. I think his name was Mao. (Correct me if I’m wrong)
Y is it that people think Jack the Ripper is American he’s British americans stop claiming everything as yours
Are you trying to tell us something with this bunch of serial killer videos? lol
Ugh!
Kill one person and you're not a serial killer but you suck one dick and you're suddenly gay.
No shit Sherlock Oh... it's the wrong Holmes
Anyone thought of jigsaw when they saw the house
Chimanee
Hamilton Hamilton Home Owes Love Memes Everyday, Sucker
CMON HOLMES WHY DID YOU DO THAT HOLMES
is it bad that I'm unaffected by everything?
I have a friend and their last name is Holmes
We filmed the H.H. Holmes murder castle location on our channel and picked up some interesting readings.
What was the music in backround
Why do i like these videos?..........
Here cause of timeless
H. H. Homeless
H.H Holmes, Reminds Me Of Sherlock Holmes.
I like imagining his name was H.H. Gregg and that magazine mascot thing did all of it.
He married a flesh soap maker jk
Can you do BTK
If you’re a serial killer, WHY THE F#%K WOULD YOU WRITE A DIARY AND WRITE ABOUT YOU’RE MURDERES
The Murder Castle would make an excellent setting for a horror video game
this show would be way cooler if they tell us how they got caught
He's related to Jack The Ripper aye?
I know a worse serial killer. Pedro Alanso Lopez, also known as the Monster of the Andes. I honestly lost some of my faith in humanity when I learned of this guy.
I love the series, Keep it up!
I love how you make these videos informative yet they aren’t scary. Thanks.
Hannibal
These videos make my day and idk why ??
I was born in new Hampshire and still live here
I think Ed gien was pretty bad also. He would cut off people's faces and wear them, use their skin as appolstery, a film was made to portray him. The texas chainsaw massacre (based off Ed gien )
He murdered the Puh ????
I knew triple H was bad .-.
What if you call this guy an H.H.H
Why would you eat kids !!!!!!!!
What about in THE WORLD
Original Triple H. WHAT HAPPENED TO YOU?!!
Sherlocks homes brother is the opposite to this guy
I think Albert Fish more heinous then H.H. Holmes
Me. I killed billions of microorganisms. Im also fastening the death of the universe by spreading the entropy faster which means it would reach thermal equillibrium faster
a documentary i watched said he took skeletons from people her murdered and sold them to universities?
(Insert Sherlock joke here.)
"CHIMMENNY"
Humans are truly the cruelest and most evil creatures to ever walk the earth. I thought Jack the Ripper was the worst but this guy seems to take the cake.
He will die by age
You forgot my 187 killstreak
chim-a-neys....
This is public shaming
Russian sleep lmao
I live in Chicago ????????????????????????????????
I heard Albert Fish and instantly remembered Secrets of Wisteria, which is a song based off Albert eating Grace. If you listen to it backwards, you can hear a bit of the letter he sent Grace's parents...
Speaking of Albert Fish, can you do a video on him? You guys are really good at covering this stuff and I wanna see your take on it.
Cannibal
poor cat
Sherlock Holmes Brother?
You're confusing us with Sherlock holmes
Have you done an Albert fish video?
make video on thug behram
“And ate children” wow just wow
“Chimineys” XD chimineys omg
Chimineys
Ted Bundy?
"CHIMINY"
The tombstones were about 40 something not 200
Sherlock??
HIS BIRTHDAY IS ON MINE
Am I the only one that noticed cartoonnetwork captioned this in spanish lol
Satanism had nothing to do with his crimes
It's good to know that my state consists of Franklin Pierce, Alan Shepard, Sarah Silverman, Robert Frost, John Stark... And this guy...
When I was little I used to think drug stores sold fucking cocaine
i think hes relaited to sherlock holmes
No dip sherlock
Donald trump he’s gonna nuke the Middle East and kill millions of people while they suffer from the blast. The government will allow it and he won’t be caught.
Ted bundy was the one that had the most kills
Regardless of how many they've killed or how they went about killing, they are all assholes!! ??????
“Chimineys”
The New Orleans axe-man was a notorious serial killer that was never founded, caught, or officially identified
Hey Infographics, can totally notice the difference in your narrating. Sounds so much better than your older videos! Great job, love it!
Something very messed up about recreating murderers/victims in these cutie infographic styles. :/
Jeffery Dahmer is worse
this looks like reigns 3
5$ says I can beat hem
American horror story season 5 is based on his hotel
Well. Time to hide in my closet. For the rest of my life...
Sherlock Holmes's Long lost brother.
Will you do a video on the son of Sam
JeeJ da killa
wtf? 666k views?!?!?
I'm watching this and it has 666k views lol
Isnt holmes the detective
I believe he was (to an extent) "evil" and did "evil" things however it is wrong to portray him being born "evil" such as giving the baby a maniacal face and the stork being red and black . Humans are not made "evil" and only become "evil" through social conditioning or mental disabilities.
Gay
Make more
1
1
1
1
I've seen a documentary about him and that told that he used to go to forest as a young boy and examine dead animal bodies
Well I eat cerial everyday soo......
I watched the discovery and they had the same killing style but its only a theory. All though it's a theory but I believe Jack the Ripper is HH Holmes.
Worst serial killer in the world was stalin Killcount: 20 million LEGAL kills
you mean the best?
Hah Sherlock holmes
Marriage between 2 races like you showed was likely illegal so yeah.
I'm sorry but.... Holmes story is kind of tame when it comes to serial killer stories. I mean... he killed a shit ton of people but he wasn't like... wearing human skin or feeding other people human flesh. Something tells me Holmes wanted to buried so no one would dig up his grave... that was a fail. :/ I believe Holmes just didn't want anyone else to know exactly what was being built so he'd "not get along" with people. No one will ever know what the Murder Castle actually looked like. The one thing I believe people know about is the fact Holmes had a basement that stretched past the building.
If a serial killer was a Christian..that had strong faith to Jesus and prayed to Jesus everyday but still killed people..would he still go to heaven for believing in Jesus?
James March inspo
Wtf
I used to kill geckos and other larger lizards, rats, cats, chicks and hens, bats for fun.I like chopping their heads off, burning them while still concius , or just plane old staby di stab stab....I kinda like watching them suffer while slowly dying...is this a bad thing?
CHIM EN EES
Albert fish....
Hello Neighbor.
He killed his victims, removed all the meat off their bones, and would sell the skeletons to medical schools. I think you forgot to mention that.
I wonder who is behind Holmes all along is it Benedict Cumberbatch or Robert Downey Jr?
Winchester lmao
You've heard of evil morty Now you've heard of... Evil sherlock
I once read a book about Albert fish and it freaked me out
I live in Chicago :(
HH Holmes' wife was Leonarda the soap lady? lol
Jeffery dahmer
wiiiillows oooof wysteeriiiiiaaaaaaaaa
yooo, Triple H is fooken Jack the ripper
But Sherlock Holmes didn't exist :-)
lmao HAROLD SHITMAN
H. H. Holmes: the old Triple H
he’s my hero
The music is awesome… what’s the name?
CHIMINEYS
Do John Wayne Gacy
That moment when you share a birthday with a horrific serial killer. o-o
Hoe Hunter Holmes
I live in Chicago.....
Yes... Edward gain
I was born the day Harold Shipman died. Uh oh.
Is he a saw from the horor move.
Me being a dumbass thought that this was Sherlock Holmes ?????????????????????
Im I the only one that got the wrong idea and think this video is about sherlock holmes
These killer videos shud be made into movies
My cousin ate my lucky charms damn what a serial killer
I think that killing someone in general is a horrible feat
Gary Ridgway
American Horror Story?
chimineys
my kind would never commit such horrible acts against eachother
Sounds like the inspiration behind the Saw movies
What a waste, the devil isnt even real.
Be carfeul a serial killer is on lose welp dont breakfast do this for safety
chimineys
Oh my God, he’s the one that made the world fairs hotel. That’s why people say he’s the worst. Now I understand
Chiminys??????? Wtf
The most infamous serial killer "MILK" Get it "Cereal Killer"
I am eating while watching this. Am I sick?
Albert Fish is my favorite. Watch the Secrets of Wysteria video
Raman ragvan india worst serial killer
I was born in May 16th ._.
I live in Chicago
H.H. Holmes isn’t the serial killer. People should stop talking crap. He was very erratic, and curious. Not a killer. Not a thief.
chimenees
Do Richard rameirez
He died on my birthday
Its Sherlock Holmes brother
Son of sam?
am I the only one who is thinking about Sherlock Holmes?
Luis garavito my man
About to go to bed this seems like a good bed time video
Well naaa sherlock holmes
more like Hulk Hogan amirite?
I heard HH Holmes inspired Saw
H.H Holmes a.k.a The Cerebral Assasin a.k.a The Game
Damm this dude was not playing lmao
Thank you for the tips.
Represent!??
This guy is triple H
People like this remind me of the guys from se7en or saw.
i beileave that all the rumers about his house were true, i actully read a book about him and his murders and according to what i read the stuff described in this video didnt even scratch the surfaace.
No. The worst is either John Wayne Gacy, or Jeffrey Dahmer. One killed over 30 little boys and one tried to turn men into sex zombies by pouring acid inside their brains through a hole that Dahmer drilled himself. He is pretty horrific though.
Can't wait until the movie gets made! The book (Devil in the White City) was really great.
The Infographics Show should be next :D
Is it ironic that his name is Holmes
AHS
I got the same birthday as him ??
Michael Myers is I think the worst serial killer
Isn’t that Triple H?
“Chimineys”?
"a house of horror that makes no sense to people" ooh, i wanna visit it now
Please do a video on Albert fish
You guys do so much research, it's fantastic!
Hang-ginggg
Nature makes serial killers to keep the population low...
Do a video on Albert Fish and mention Secrets of Wysteria
Who IS the worst "killer" of all time? Just wondering..
Do another serial killer,Light Yagami also known as Kira xD
I am the worst cereal killer of all! I have cereal for breakfast every day!!!! Mwahahahaha XD
Please do videos on every sk you’ve mentioned in this, the zodiac, and ripper videos. Some of them sound interesting as hell. True stories are the scariest to listen to while working during the day.
He's my 3rd cousin
Gary ridgeway did nothing wrong
What abt black hood
There was a guy who ate children?!
Probably shouldn't be watching this before bed..
Well i can't sleep for the rest of the night
Make a dr death vid
Eating children!?!? Even crazy people should have boundaries.
Holmes, a detective and murdered. Detective Murder!
Woah, chimaneys
So scary
what about ed gein? he made all tons of shit by actual human body parts and ate their organs.
Nah albert fish is worse
Chimmeneys?
he just got sick of the sherlock jokes
What's the background music?
what's creepy is the amount of serial killer videos you've made
Can you please do the murder of that little cheerleader girl
You know what’s funny I’m reading a book about H.H Holmes in English class
I thought it said h h homeless Lool Read more
American horror story ^^
HE WAS BORN ON MY SONS BIRTHDAY ON MAY 16 2008
And my b-day is may 15 and the last day of school and that means no presents because of EXAMS
American horror story: hotel ???
This is so fascinating! Lol I found out a few years ago that I’m actually related to him! (He’s like my great great uncle or something) Might explain my morbid curiosity about this kind of stuff.
No, Albert Fish is the worst, even if he killed less people.
It's crazy that i lived in the town he was born at. The house he grew up in is still there and pretty freaky, also the town has a lake called Sawyer lake(name of the family from Texas Chainsaw Massacre), Crystal Lake(Friday the 13th) also has Elm Street. Also the Book Peyton Place was set in Gilmanton which is insane.
Jack the Ripper!
H. H. Holmes made me think of Sherlock at first sight
Omg our birthdays are one day apart!
There is a book i read called, "The devil in the white city." An there is evidence Holmes did not act alone. The worlds fair was taking place during the peak of these murders. The elitist an wealthy men of the world were all in the city during the time and it seems like some would pay money to go torture and kill in Holmes Hotel.
Nah Bayharbor Butcher
What music is being used in the video
There is one killer who is silent but deadly. It's very known. It is... Carbon monoxide
I do realize that he was the worst serial killer but still y'all have to admit that the background music is on point
Sounds like real life jigsaw
the walls of the hotel rooms were filled with copper pipes that would blow poisonous gases while his victims were asleep. He advertised the hotel to appeal to tourists coming to chicago for the world fair. his hotel was burned down and now there is a post office there
Could you make a video about the Zodiac killer?
I'd say that Jack the Ripper is the worst killer, because he would cut out women's uteruses and wombs. He even said in a letter to the police that he would send them an ear from a woman that he was about to kill, but someone had walked by before he was able to finish and he ran. That woman's death was the least brutal since only her throat was slit.
Bizarrely enough I trust Wikipedia’s depiction of him more. The going theory on there being that he suffocated the victim and then dissected them, selling their skeleton for medical science.
Why would he have to be born on my birthday
He was born on my birth day so creppy
Woah
Was American Horror Story inspired by this guy ?
LMAO my best friend is related to this guy
I like the serial killer things in this channel
Why do they think that he is Jack the Ripper if he is then why don’t they find the diaries again and compare them to the letters he sent to the police saying what he did to his victims
the monster of the andes is probably more heinous. and he is possibly free right now.
heres one thats not real: Jason Voorhers
H. H. Holmes? Who the fuck would name their child HHH ?
"Chimenies"
That's ironic, the most famous detective shares a name with the most horrific serial killer
Funny how Holmes is also the last name of a fictional detective
I was born in NH
There was once a women who killed people and cooked them into stew and cookies, then gave them to the neighbors. Idk her name, but fuck that's wrong. It was some european women. I believe.
Axe man of new orealn
I live in a place were a serial kill was born yyayy Send help
Jack the Ripper is beloved to be part of the royal family so how’s he related to this American dude?
Imagine read the title as Sherlock Holmes the worst killer in hisssstory
Is he the brother of sherlock holmes ?
ceral killer
I know one thing about this guy, he was exceptionally charming. And women couldn't keep 'em paws in place, in front of him.
next you should do btk
Nah the worst serial killer was a killer bear from the 90s
You wanna name of a serial killer, Eisenhower. Yes, that Eisenhower.
Wait sherlok holms
He didn’t dismembered the bodies. It was likely that he sold the skeletons of his female victims to a university. That’s why a lot of the bodies he killed weren’t found.
When they mentioned about the ‘hotel’ Holmes designed, my first thought was the Winchester House.
Holy hobo holmes
What if his brother was Sherlock Holmes.lmao
I live in the same city that a serial killer was in and people made a famous movie about him
Wow. His name is H.H.H
Chimeneys
The Axeman Of New Orleans
I think its a great video but I would like a more family friendly video but very informative none the less.
Anyone click on this cause of Timeless
He killed people at the Chicago world's fair. The building is a post office now . He is the first noted serial killer in America he missed a whole bunch of stuff
When you said Harold Shipman I thought you said Harold Shitman lmao.
I like this types of videos
We might even get a movie of it in the next couple years with Scorsese as the director and screenplay writer, starring DiCaprio as H.H. Holmes!
You all should do one for the black dahila
holmes is 100% british just look a the clothes
I kinda admire jack the rippers way
This was posted on my bday
anyone getting hello neighbor house vibes?
Can you please do a video about Atlantis?
I love these serial killer videos from the infographic show
Reminds me of AHS: the hotel
fuck, why do i keep watching shit like this?
Yes, I know a more insane serial killer than him. His name is Janák Jeno József. He is a convicted bisexual pedophile. He is a coffee cup poisoner, who was trained in Toxicology by the Hungarian forensic, he used to work in the Judicial morgue as a Coroner, so he is well trained in how destroy all evidence. He still alive and lives in Berlin, working for a religious organization and as a police informant. Because he's a rat, they don't mind that he is a criminal.
What do you use to make your videos?
I just saw an episide of timeless about it
I think we should take a moment to actually appreciate how well written these videos are.
Girls love mysterious guys!! HMM
Well, I am the most terrible serial killer cause I can eat 100 boxes of cereal in one hour Oh wait...
I'm stressing how many irl serial killers (or potential ones) have contributed to the 252,504 views of this video?
Sherlock Holmes ??
Holmes. The irony.
Indias stoneman
What's a "say-in-ist"? Is there a T in that word? OH. You meant "saTinist". Just like you meant "wriTTen", not "wri-en". And "cerTainly", not "cer-inly". Worst voiceover person in YouTube history. Learn how to speak...
My last name is Holmes...
This guy is the real life Saw !!!
Chimineys ????
Miau
Wow. Out of the few famous people in New Hampshire one of them has to be a sick serial killer.
Ted bundy
Yes, Holmes was Satan on Earth.
North Korean Leaders... IL Sung and his son... They're one of the worst killers and don't forget, Adolf Hitler.
ummm no Jeffrey Dahmer always be the king lol
stalin was worse serial killer
To me personally I think the worst serial killer was Albert Fisch
Man, i just love your content.. Thank you for making an infographic about serial killers. Keep it up guys.
I know one ! in 2018. They or he killed least 25 child girls whose age is around 7 to 13 ! They have still lots of child girls. He or they are still alive !
Because of the chemical attack that happens in Syria tensions are high between Russia and America,UK do America and UK v Russia because that's what it'll.
do i hear 'River Flows In You' in the background? xd or is it just me
chimehney
Aaron Mahnke did two phenomenal episodes on Holmes on "Lore."
I don't know.....Albert Fish was a fucked up individual. But HH Holmes was far more calculated and crafty than most other killers. The murder castle is now a post office, Chicago is fucking awesome, and that makes it better.
I did a project on H. H. Holmes and theirs somethings that are missing. And also the child missing part he wasn't an adult, he was maybe six or seven are the time. He had gone fishing with a friend and his friend never returned. He also started torturing and mutilating animals at a young age. As he moved around the country he would kill someone along the way.
Pls make a video about gary ridgeway, the green river killer. Police maged to confirm 200 of his kills. He cut off his victims head and pther body parts and raped them. Now thats cruel
Plot twist: He is related with Sherlock Holmes M I N D B L O W N
yea another one i m interested in these kind of stories ??
Is that hotel still standing? If so it would be interesting to go there someday
US a nation of sick
I wish you wouldn't have given any plug to Holmes realitve. Let's go back a bit, it wasn't 2017 when he announced Holmes was Jack, he's been stating this for quite a few years, he only got History involved because they felt it would be a good story. Holmes' relative is just in his own world who thinks they're related, basically to draw attention to himself try to be the "great man who solved the greatest murder mystery of our lifetime." His information has been inconsistent, it's changed throughout the years, he's basically trying to make evidence fit. There is no substantial evidence linking Holmes as Jack... None what so ever. Their motives are very different, how they went about their murders were very different, even how they felt about it was very different. No... And I repeat NO Ripper-ologist believes, even entertains the idea of Holmes and Jack being the same person. People who've studied Jack for decades, their life trying to learn the truth... No one has ever legged these two men as the same man. It's crap. I wish people would stop giving attention to Holmes relative. He's delusion. I believe HE believes he's right... But he's not. Then people get misinformed based on another's opinions, then this conveludes the stories and their history for the future. Like Flat Earthers. Some idiots believe it, and they are able to bend the weak minded into believing their crap, which just causes more and more problems.
Reminds me of American Horror story.
Gary Ridgeway or John Wayne Gacy
It's disgusting how you visualize these horrible events as cute cartoons.
Do Edmund Kemper or Jeffery Dahmer
Did he just call it Chimuny
I have a friend who's related to him.
Loved this although I think Jeffery Dahmer was wayy worse than Holmes Also can you guys make one on Elisa Lam? It a very baffling and creepy mystery
This man inspires me to be the very best SK.
Is He the real triple H?
Ed Gein. Nuff said.
Why is Sherlock Holmes so famous
Headless Horseless Holmes
Ur videos are so good and freaking have perfect citation I love this channel
this is so darkk
make a video about notorious mafia men pls <3
I love these videos, but you guys should also make a video on facebook and their privacy rights, and other social medias and stuff in general. Would be super interesting. Love your stuff!
Welcome to Chicago, we have the best murderers, nobody can best us there.
It's hard to take the video seriously with the cutesy looking animation.
It used to say worst serial killer but now horiffic
The worst serial killer is the one you haven’t heard yet
Holmes vs Holmes
I'm majoring in criminal justice and watching these videos you learn a thing or two. Thanks. Maybe try making a video on the DC Sniper
I am so much in love with these serial killers videos ???. Keep them coming
Albert Fish
He is born after my birthday that’s why I’m called a psychopath
Why do I watch these at night!?!?
My birthday is may 16
Make a video on why the crew of Infographics is being held hostage by "Deep-Voiced Man"
H. H. Holmes: the first thot slayer
You guys should do the "Punisher" next. He's the only good serial killer that's out there
You should read "The Devil in the White City" if you haven't yet. It's all about H.H. Holmes. My aunt read it and explained it to my dad and then he read it and told me what it was about (H.H. Holmes during the world fair) and the things he did. I plan on reading it in a few years :)
Top 10 saddest anime deaths science still can't explain
John Wayne Gacy was another Gruesome serial killer, also committing his crimes in the Chicagoland area
Whoa whoa whoa! I love torturing animals(mostly little dogs) when i was still a kid, does it mean that im a psychopath?
According to, “The Devil in the White City” by Erik Larson, Holmes actually had a crematory built in the basement of the hotel, where he would dispose of the bodies by cremating them.
TRIPLEEEEEEEEE H
That was a pointless video
The way you pronounce depravity, is very odd to me.
Wouldn’t it be the BEST serial killer??????
"And ate children " WHAT THE H
Do Russia serial killer next
huh sounds like a jerk
We manage to catch Jack the ripper
The problem with H.H. Holmes being Jack the Ripper was Holmes was more organized than Jack the Ripper. While Holmes might have been a serial killer he was also the type who sought to profit from his murders either by insurance fraud or else selling their skeletons to medical schools as he supposedly did with one of his victims. Jack the Ripper on the other hand was more impulsive with his murders and generally left the bodies where they were killed, an organized killer is more likely to move the bodies or try to hide them, but Jack did not.
when i clicked on this there was 666 comments ;-;
No it’s not KKK it was HHH.
I got a dream about him about his castle but didn't know him
Scaryily eery!????????????????????????????
Do Cuba vs Puerto Rico
Hentai Haven Holmes
Sherlock ,we found your evil twin brother!
Did you change the title?
Quicklime was commonly mixed with glass shards when used as a weapon creating an inescapable dust in the air causing you to suffocate and burn while the dust would combust from the heat around you not to mention the glass shards ripping your throat apart while you breath it in.
Hentai Haven Holmes?
Wasn't he in American horror story?
We read his story in lit... Chilling
Yeah I can name one, me. Great thing about YouTube I learned Is that nobody sees or reads your comments. God bless you Rodger stay safe brother. I’m doing your will.
Who built that house? He certainly could not do it himself.
Homework is A U T I S M
It’s hh he’s evil
Ruined it but before it said 666 comments lol
O SHEET WHAT THE FUCK
666 comments?? Now it's 667
This should be a movie
Japan turned Jack the Ripper into a cute little girl. So she's my favorite.
This man was on 27 kill-streak in Fortnite until a dude named Mortality had to ruin it.
I used this guy as a villain in my d&d game
I thought this was for Sherlock holmes lol
654 comment
chim-er-nee...
I listened to the Lore podcast episode on this guy last year, but I’m probably still gonna be too scared to sleep
Do a theory on why twats think the world is flat
The fact that if I had no self control and would possibly be on this list is kinda scary.
Christopher Columbus was a worse murderer, towards the fact of americas freedom
Can you do the worst dictator in history.
I would call all the black people lynched and killed in America as the worst serial killer in America... Not this guy...
“Hmmm”
He is a hero
Oh I know who he was. I thought I didn't for a bit
H.H. Holmes - The Most Horrific Serial Killer in US History? closes curtains locks door turns on light I'm listening....
I'd HIGHLY recommend reading "The Devil in the White City." It is perhaps one of the most accurate and comprehensive analysis of Holmes' life and crimes, as well as an in depth exploration of the process by which the Chicago World's Fair came to be, and it is written like a narrative, really pulling the reader into the scenes discussed. Like his victims you'd find him charming and captivating, but then the lengths to which the author would go on to describe Holmes' would leave you with a feeling of utter rage and disgust. And the book only reports on incidents generally considered to be the most accurate to the actual events, as analyzed by the findings of the time and modern day expert interpretations. All the specific killings discussed in the book are one's known to be true.
Damnit. I not only love these video's so much, but I respect them to. You, unlike many, many other channels that cover similar content, acknowledge that Holmes could have only killed 9, instead of fantasizing about the man and making him seem as horrific as any human being can get. I fucking love these
Jeffery Dahmers.
You forgot to mention that he used to strip down the bodies of flesh and sell the skeletons to medical schools, which was a booming underground business at the time as many medical schools were short on cadavers for their students.
John Holmes died of aids.
HHH
It was also rumored that he murdered his 9yr old younger cousin by drowning her near a creek.
Weird, He is indeed H. H. H
I like his hotel
How about the human minds?
Axeman of New Orleans
Ayy I live in New Hampshire. Also born in it too
The Cleveland Torso Murderer (aka The Mad Butcher of Kingsbury Run) was probably the most violent and disturbing serial killers in my opinion, especially since they got away with it.
I bet with the right mindset a man or woman could challenge and kill holmes in his home. he would have the field advantage ofcourse, but give me a weapon if i was born in this time id be down to pretend to be the unsuspecting victim, its worth the risk to prevent his future victims from dying.
I fainted, this is horrific.
H H doesn’t even look like a killer, he looks like a employed 1800’s white guy with three wife’s
Why would he want a coffin full of concrete?
chimineys
This dude was a boss.
Easy quick killing ! wanna know ? Do mass shooting Like vegas !
He needs to make a video on Albert fish(not his real name)!! It's a creepy cool story
chim-e-nies?
URAL (NOT ORAL)!
It’s a useless video . 90 % of the data you present is speculation/exaggeration/alleged things in your own words. He could have done this or that this or that was never proven etc.
Ed Gein
69 Dislikes ( ?° ?? ?°) Nice
Do more of these, they are interesting.
This guy was Jack the ripper
I just can’t rape my mind around this. Why would people do such a thing. ??
buriedxinblack YES
So, you’re really into serial killers.
You would think after so many murders in a hotel people would oh I don't know not be white and go there anyway
Well that's another hotel that's I am never going to
I think he was one who like to eat his victims my question is did he?
the white angel is my pick.
Introverts vs Extroverts
I would say the worst in history was the swamp murders or the mad butcher of kingsbury run
He was featured in NBC’s Timeless
Also expected Pogo the Clown to be mentioned.
So basically it's the Winchester House but with an actual demon in it?
I hate his voice but love video content
Holmes has nothing on Albert Fish. Fish is S tier in "Fucked In the Head"
chimeneys
Satanists these fucking days
Infographic? More like tabloid graphic
Am I late, cos I am too lazy to click the video from my recommendations
Chiminies
Jeffery donner
That's crazy man how u find this stuff
A killer never mentioned, the Mad Butcher of Kingsbury Run! Aka Cleveland's Torso Killer of the 1930's. I've always thought he was the most grisly and macabre serial killer in US history. His reign of terror lasted several years. And the worst part... He was never captured or identified. Look it up!
What am I doing with my life
Let me nominate Winston Churchill who killed 16 million people in India.
The most horrific serial killers are the ones you never know exist
There is a serial killer in Tacoma rn that no one is talking about The police aren't even aware that this recent string of murders is connected
Obviously Hitler and Stalin arent mentioned at all.....
Some people are F*cked up...
What's the theme song of the music that's playing in the background of the video, commet if you know the name of it thank you..
stop it, get some help.
Do one on Ed Gene
If you kill someone we will kill you back
It is said that first Jack the Ripper knock out his opponent. He had a statute of 6.3 and about 109 kg. Women were no match to Jack the Ripper. He used chloroform or sometimes a heavy instrument to knock out his target.
I find it harder not to believe the horror stories about him. By now, we all know the wretched things we humans can do to each other--why bother trying to soften Holmes up and rationalizing his evil?
Bitch please I killed thousands in GTA
Sponsor submit arrange signal assault shoe far frequently.
Triple H
I want him to burn in hell
"He is dead" Boi were they wrong! - James (TheOdd1sOut)
Yeah right England’s most famous serial killer was American haaaaaa don’t make me laugh !!! Of all the bullshit stories about J T R this is the most absurd !!! J T R was most defiantly connected to royal family ... ??????????????
Hang on a sec....
Fish is my hero! Such a great man!... Aside from the gay things he did.
I'm sorry but I lost it when you said "Chimney's"
Are Sherlock Holmes and H. H. Holmes related?
(Fnaf) William Afton aka purple guy
Do a video on secret codes! OUOSVAVV Is one of the coolest!
I read that in a magazine he had a hotel where he killed all wtf I think it’s Jack the Ripper
Wait. Weekend comes early?
This is a case for Sherlock Holmes
Do a video on nithari killings from India
So I was watching a photoshop tutorial and on the recommended panel there was a new video from It's Okay to be Smart about the origins of life on earth. I clicked on the link and watched the video. But when I scrolled down to comment, the comment section wouldn't load. So I reloaded the page but then it said the video was unavailable. I checked other videos on YouTube and they were loading fine. Would someone mind explaining what happened? This happened just now BTW.
George W Bush
No, H. H. Holmes was not a serial killer. I don't care how loose or expansive the F.B.I's definition of serial killer is – a true serial killer is one who murders primarily for sexual satisfaction. Whatever murders H. H. Holmes committed, he did so in furtherance of fraud and other financial crimes. While we're at it: Charles Manson was not a serial killer either; the murders he committed or had carried out were for the purpose of exercising control over his cult. So, remember, just because someone kills three or more people over a period of time, they are not necessarily a serial killer.
Take it slow please
Holmes certainly was NOT Jack the Ripper. His relative is simply wanting to cash in. Neither was he the worst American serial. He mainly killed through gas, which often can be somewhat painful. Still, compared to other killers like BTK, Holmes wasn't that sadistic. Unlike most serial killer, Holmes usually killed for profit. He killed to get people's money and sometimes sold their skeletons to medical schools. It's likely the number of victims are greatly inflated, even by Holmes himself. It wasn't until he was nearing his date of execution that he began admitting to many murders, even those that were later known not to be his victims. He was a narcissist who loved attention, and endless confessions guaranteed visitors. Also there was no evidence linking him to the boys, as you pointed out. My guess is that if he killed more than the nine known victims it wasn't many more. If the count was over 15 I'd be very surprised.
Ive figured his real identity
He sold the skeletons of his victims to universities for profit
Wouldn’t H. H. Homes be known as the best serial killer since he was very good at it.
If i was to guess who jack the ripper really was id say it wasn't just one man but a group of aristocrats killing people they found to be the bottom of society at that time.
rooms with no doors?? how do they know??
"Chimeknee" XD
there monument round constantly grandfather used why independent.
I learned about him on the TV show Timeless!
Man how are these serial killers so good At hiding
Do all the serial killers you mentioned
This makes me think of Evan Peters in American horror story season 5 playing James March
Can any one tell that which background music is used for the video......
Now make H.H.Holmes vs Sherlock Holmes Death match.
Maybe he was just into extreme bdsm
I Heard that they're making a movie about H.H Holmes and leonardo dicaprio is gonna be the guest star
The world's fair hotel remind anyone of Hello Neighbor?
Please do more of these, I love them
Please do the zodiac killer
Gilles de Rais
Are you a serial killer?
What about John Wayne gacy?
This is funny my last name is Holmes
color me shock
Jack the Ripper = Dr. Jose Rizal
Chimeneeys
Harold shipman lived in the town next to me ??
shipman killed due to greed, but his methods where more humane that some. at least he topped himself in the end, scum bag
He's still alive and goes by the name "Jake the Roper" and has a YouTube channel called VSauce3.
Oh boy my favourite series
Make 1 on the zodiac killer
Plz make video on harry potter series and this video is outstanding
I think Holmes got university degree on subject of murdering human
Charles Manson was a good person
Can you make a video on : What is Sky? And why it appears Blue?
this video I believe will influence idiot to do stupid things.
A brief about videos topic will be appreciated
Legend says.. that to this day he is still stuck inside a circle of salt...
I like how these videos they give you theories and facts so you can make you own theories.
BTK was pretty bad. However Albert Fish was awful. Just horrible what he did to children.
I can't explain maybe it's cause of the subject of this video. but I suddenly realized this is the guy from Crash Course Media Lit. And a strange chill oozed down my back. It sounds insane and when I read it I thought 'that's not how we experience cold but low and behold... I love novels
This guy is the best at fortnite
I didn't know triple H could do all that
Geez
I love the part "in ths part of the infographic show"
Sorry but you didnt actually say what he did to his victims. Yea, he was sadist and tortured people, but what (supposedly) he did?
Welp
(unpopular opinion) Jack the ripper is an overrated serial killer.
The Zodiac California
Holmes? Pretty ironic
Uh... H.h.holmes DEFINITELY did those things. No question about it.
"Chimanees"
Oml.. This youtube channel is so interesting
surely The Most Horrific Serial Killers were roman emperors who had people tortured and mutilated in vast numbers as entertainment
What happened to the dark episodes?
I heard about his murder castle.
What an inspirational character :)
I had never heard of him until now thanks for d facts infographics
HE ASKED TO BE BURIED IN CONCRETE SO THEY COULD IDENTIFY HIS BODY, EVEN IN DEATH HE MOCKED THE SYSTEM!
Can someone dislike this comment please?
:26 i can't be the only one who thought that was a penis
Can we get a story about a female serial killer?
I thought Hillary Clinton was the most horrific Serial Killer in US history?
How about one on ten bundy
MORNING EVERYONE TONIGHT WE WILL HAVE LOTS OF FUN
Hey infographics show plz do a face reveal
That's one sick pigeon right there.
Genetic disorder plz
I kill millions by ejaculating everyday
early
Sherlock Holmes will solve the case of H. H. Holmes
he was also the person who was first named a serial killer
Holmes WTF
Awesome video dude
Martin Scorsese and Leonardo DiCaprio are making a movie about him called Devil in the White City based off the book.
Dank video.
what would eart be like if we were the fourth planet from the sun or ever 2.nd ????
Not knowing who the first killers you mentioned..... Jeffery Dahmer, and John Wayne Gacy are my top two.
The warwolf of hannover. He was a sick freak...
we want more serial killer infographics who else agree with me ?
Obama killed tens of thousands when he dropped over 100,000 bombs and still managed to get a peace prize...He cause the displacement of millions and ruined many nations. I know who my vote is for, for "The Most Horrific Serial Killer in US History"
Probally sherlock Holmes solved this
After listening to the first 36 seconds of this video its hard to believe there's a god that would allow shit like that to happen.
Do a face reveal like if you agree.
Ironic ser name "holmes"
Herlock Holmes.
The worst serial killer in the world was stalin
Create a video on JORDAN BENFORT
I kinda forgot who this man is I remeber him being a detective
Can you please do a vedio on Jeff the killer ????
Do one on the phantom killer of Texarkana
These serial killer vids are Awesome. Keep em up
Thanks for pissing me
More like Sherlock HOLMES
"gas chamber" hmm where did I hear that lie before..
I have got the guts to say that I am 6000th
I LOVE YOUR SERIAL KILLER/ DARK/ CONSPIRACY VIDEOS. NEVER STOP
Albert Fish? That guy was a real jerk
BULLSHIT Jack the Ripper killed prostitutes exclusively and was not around the same time and place as H.H Holmes
Almost first
Dad?
serial killer I got one for you MEMES
184th
I D I E Y O U D I E
the title is VERY missleading !
I wonder which detective caught him. Was it Sherlock Holmes?
Oh, I thought the title meant that they were really bad at killing....
I love these murder mystery episodes. Please do stoneman of india next or Nithari killings.
chimey= jiminie...?
Sherlock did nothing wrong!! Edit: Oops.. should've watched the video first
Do one on sweany Todd
new to this channel, nice video
I've been hearing claims that one of Holmes's murdering motives was to sell the skeletons of his victims to medical institutes for profit Also, Martin Scorsese is planning to make a movie about Holmes. DiCaprio is gonna play him
Do Charles Manson.
.
Could you cover Belle Gunness?
HAHA BEFORE 4,409 VIEWS
I though Sherlock Holmes xD
why is he a taurus? damn...
It's unlikely he was Jack the Ripper, as the rippers victims were all prostitutes, his other alleged victims were not. This guy seemed to kill for profit and to get out of difficult situations. Many people have lied about or faked evidence about the Ripper. Info graphics should look at Richard Kuklinsky. He was a mafia hit man who killed, by his own admission 150+ people. There's a documentary about him called The Iceman Interviews, which is just him talking. The guy was chilling, it's well worth a watch if you're into killers and what make them tick.
This guy looks like Sherlock Homes.
ayy it's my favourite serial killer
Mein gott this is creepy.
Infographics show can you please do top 10 militaries 2018?
Anybody know the name of the song?
These are my favourite videos from you guys! Can you do other historic events though like about the KKK?
Hiya
WATCHED IT FIRST
Make A Video About Edmund Kemper
H.H vs Sherlock Holmes who will win? Sherlock-(legend)detective H.H-(legend)serial killer Vote now!
Is Jeff the killer real and if he is do a video on him plsssssss
Euros, Mycroft and Sherlock would be smiling
Early gang early gang early gang early gang early gang
Was this the dude from American horror story
Secret plot twist: it was actually Sherlock Holmes
Wasnt this a made up character on American horror story?
Love this kind of videos haha
HEY PLEARE MAKE A VIDEO ABOUT THE ITALIAN WOMAN WHO MAKED BODIES INTO COKIES AND SOAP PLZ PLZ PLZ PLZ Or I WILL THE SAME AS H.H HOLMES TO YOU!!!!!!!
Timeless really got all these channels talking about H. H. Holmes.
Love the videos
I really enjoy these SERIAL KILLER videos. Keep making these!!??
Keep doing these I love them!
When you said "worst," I thought you meant someone who isn't good and hardly got any victims.
This is like real life saw
Love the ep but he did have lyme pits to get rid of the bodies and he never used the same building crew twice
I thought "worst" here meant shitty. But TBH that would actually be a good video.
cool vid
The infographics show is the best!!!
Great video as always! ??
“Elementary my Dear Watson.” Oh wait wrong one
Love your vids and especially this kind of vids, make more plz
26 views and 167 likes? YouTube is drunk again.
real fake doors
Yay a episode uploaded at 12am(Australia)
First edited comment
NO SHIT SHERLOCK!?
My great great uncle a damn monster my grandfathers mother was a mudget I hate being related to this sick bastard.
The most important factor is how he killed them...
Amazing ???
W bush Obama Clintons are the worst serial killer in USA
I came 26
3 dislikes? Heaters in the notification squad!
Who is the worst serial killer
The Infographics Show can you make a video on football (soccer) as the World Cup is around the corner
Where is notification squad???
That was tourist trap
I love this channel!
omg!!!27 views and 97 likes + 2 dislikes
Pin me for no reason Btw i love yur vids so awesome i watch them every night and dream about the facts
Infographics. Do a video on why some conspiracy theorist wear thin foil hats
26th
FIRST!!!!!! To say “Oofer Gang”
I saw this and thought of Sherlock Holmes... And I didn’t realize that it was not Sherlock Holmes for a good 2 minutes and I was so confused
View no 24, 7th comment
I am trying to study here and this channel doesn't lemme...
H
The Worst Serial Killer In US History is Your Mom
26th
You have been chosen to take part of a really important experiment to prove mankind's nonsense. Like this comment for absolutely no reason.
Can you like the comment! The greatest Serial killer is HOTDOG
24 th
Love your vids
Logic- 24 views, 60 likes, 26 comments. Wtf YouTube
I love these serial killer videos lmao
first
15th
Continue with these murder vids, they are reqlly interesting (im not a psycho for anyone asking)
Wassup
Wow, chilling topic!
I've been watching his videos for a long time this channel has a good content to watch
Great ?? Video Highly Educational
Wow am early Hi y'all
Here before a billion subscribers!
I love the vids about serial killers, they are so interesting
Amazing video
Who's here before 100 views?
First Dislike
24th
First
#11 Shrek the ogre
Hey I'm first
Nice video
15th comment
DAMN
11th here
First
holy damn
23rd
8th
first
Damn.
Sixth lol
Not first but early LUL
Second to comment??
First like and first comment
First