More like 21 minutes of Britain's history
why is every empire made to sound rosy and wonderful but when it comes to the British Empire, we are immediately identified by atrocities rather than how we made countries better?
The amount of subscribers just went from 16k to 19k
oversimplified skill ??????
Why was the prussian glory march played for france??
Britain will be and continue to be a powerful and influential nation sticking to its strengths and values.??
You miss 1982, Falklands war happen.
This guy sounds like mr roffle waffles
Where is the Skillshare ad? ????
Whereís the Crimean war and the Great Depression?
He is trying to be like oversimplified
This reminds me of oversimplified
You guys! I'm danish! I propose a great food alliance! We have something in Denmark called Remoulade it is seriously the most delicious thing for fish and chips - it's literally MADE for it. If you get me some fish n chips I will get you remoulade!
What about the troubles and the war in 1690 with William of orange
As a British person I didn't know what happened before
China: we have invented tea and we will be famous for it. British Empire: I shall be taking that. * gets famous for using tea* China: excuse me what the fu- British Empire: gets most of Chinaís population addicted to opium Think it is good to say that is Brits have not always been the good buts in life. But it feels so good to be bad sometimes
Love a bit of brexit
When English people think they're British, lol.
U put a German ww1 song for napoleon why
U
Seems pretty similar to GOT, 7 kingdoms, A wall to keep the Picts out, there was a land bridge, not to mention that got map looks like Ireland flipped upside down and Great Britain reversed
Mention the African slave trade but failed to mention the Barbary slave trade....convenient.
CE? wtc... you mean BC? I mean that's kind of silly.. you're still using the same point (Before Christ and Year of Our Lord ... it's STILL Jesus's suposed birth) Using CE is silly
13:08 you forgot that the Treaty of Versailles (not for WW1)was that Spain gave up Florida
The Tudors were Welsh.
AMERICA???????????????? And BRITAIN???????????????? We Are Brothers My Friend
I can see you take inspiration for oversimplified, and very well too! Also, Prussians gloria plays for Napoleon... Better than anything French....
I love the UK, and I say, you did a fine good work! I know it's the history of Great Britain(Britain is England and Wales) But I wish you would have put the Anglo Nepali war, for that led to the recruitment of the Gurkhas in the UK. Well done though!
We wish the world was different. But you'll get what you worked on one day.
Poland cracked the enigma code not Britain
End it on a high, why don't you!
Iím Scottish and Iím the 12 th great grandson to Robert the bruce
I legit love Britain more than the most british person there. Its history, culture, language and traditions as an egyptian guy this seems weird but I'm learning everything about its history hopping one day it would be my second country to live in and defend.
9:55 Why does everyone think that Guy Fawkes led the Gunpowder Plot? He was just there because he was a gunpowder expert. Even on the first line of Wikipedia it says the leader was Robert Catesby.
Becase this is UK!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
so Normans fucked the hole British Isles up
You forgot to mention about Charles 1 escaping to the Ilse of White with clann MacDonald
DNA tells me I owe my gratitude to Great Britain, this I am thankful.
I LIKE UR BREXIT! Ihope u all happy on ur basted island ur ducking monkeys heheehehe and yes im GERMAN!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Doesnt even mention the 4 Dutch-English wars ( Me being Dutch and very proud of the fact that 'we' won 3 of the 4 wars. Makes me sad you didnt cover any of it (apart from william II.)
A lot of people focus on the bad bits of our empire because they 1. Are jealous 2. They look for a reason to try to get money or preference. Both of these things are working too much too.
Good video however Elizabeth was very reluctant to kill Mary only doing so after Mary proved to Elizabeth that she wanted her dead
Thanks for mentioning Canada!??? WTF.
That was Prussian glory you nit!
Interestingly they play Prussian marching music at the introduction of Napolean.
God save the queen
Very accurate! Well done. Usually people forget that Britain was the first to create concentration camps and that they exported tonnes of food from Ireland during the famine there.
Arthur is a girl,proved by the japanese
im so fuckin cool. look at me . im so pretty
OOF war of 1812 and probly some more frogten about.
whats the music called at 2minutes in
Brits weren't the one who broke enigma code
Britain today under muslim invasions
Eleanor of Aquitaine probably most pivotal point in the direction of our history
Holy crap. We were the original A(merica) ??
You missed out the targarians flying over on dragons and uniting the whole country
Wow, never knew Game of Thrones history is so rich
mahanda skandy? ???? 19:45
Angleís and Saxons lol
Actually, weíre at 1550 again before you bring up Scotland, wtf?!
What you meant for the first third was the history of England.
Yorkshire known for there cotton !!
Are you really trying to say that all the atrocities that England committed are okay because itís all good now ? Wow thatís messed up and rather arrogant tbh
Why did you played Preuﬂens Gloria when You mentioned Napoleon
I don't know if you know, but Portugal and Spain are two different countries
East India company founded by Elizabeth? I thought It was founded by the Dutch republic as the Verenigde Oost-Indisch compagnie
What the Hell is he talking about, that's Westeros.
14:30 lmao
Proud to be british also im subscribing to this great channel after one video
the most horrible Empire on the world remains to this day.
All countries have done bad things. All. Swedes norwegians killed the sames in northern and forced them to be mordern, USSR killed over 20 million of their people. China 60 million of their people. And the fact of the slavery in america. How americans and spannish treated them and britain treated others. How germany killed 6 million jews in ww2. How america nuked japan. How japan mass murdered chineses and killed millions and inslaved people in asia. The french conquest of europe. No country have done "nothing"
Woe woe woe u canít use that song from Bazbattles ??
Thank you! brief and easy to understand! Keep up the good work my man!
Like any major power in the history of the world, Britain committed a whole lot of atrocities.
Brexit will finish the once great empire of briton as lies and reduculouse campeigns lay waste to out minds of what was true and what was false. The people wanting the uk to grow will make the uk crumble #teafortheending
The Cornish pasty is in fact from Devon! They stole it, arseholes!
Wales and Scotland are Englandís last colonies, not Hong Kong.
19:28 you did not mention the role of Poles in breaking the enigma code
HK is Britain's last colony? How about Gibraltar.
(2:05) because of ancestry I found out that I am a descendant of Ida, a king of Bernicia
Free Northern Ireland!
You forgot to tell about the mass Muslim invasion of the late 2000s
As the UK economy says, ì More trade, more colonies equal... Economy increasedî Oh and NOTE: This is for fun not to be mean or offensive, so donít hate me. If you want me to take this down i will only if the comment is nice!
You missed Aethelflead lady of Mercia
you played prueﬂens gloria...over a montage of napoleon...in a video about the british isles....k
I'm british????????????????????????????????????????
What is an example for an english Word with Nordic Roots?
Did I get it Right Dublin was found by vikings?
You mention roanoak, it is Said that the whole colony disappeared. Can you do a Videos on that please?
So was guy Hawks a catholic martyr?
Did the Vikings really found Dublin? Do some People there have Vikings Roots now?
What is a Charta can someone explain shortly
Did the Vikings found Dublin? For real? What the hell
Enjoyed thank you
Thank you so much for your presentation.It was illuminating yet concise. Three cheers to you!
The first convicts arrived in New South Wales in 1788 not 1778
What a proud history we have.
See if you want to have fun and learn play total war games but cracking video spot on pal
More likeThe Gay-lick people
If you covered our history in 20 mins then it will only take 5 for the USAís
You're a tory yeah?
The Isle of Man doesn't belong to England it belongs to all four nations ????
Damn I had no idea Napoleon was 1810... That's literally only 4 generations of my family ago...
Greetings from across the pond. It's absolutely amazing the effects the Brits had on globalization given the fact that they themselves were subjected to it. The influence of the British Empire continues to this day.
The greatest beverage of all time is Orangina.
While most of your video is historical accurate to some degree, I have to correct you on one fact. Australia was colonized by Governor Arthur Phillip and the First Fleet on the 26th of January 1788, not 1778. Sorry, but as an Australian, I felt the need to correct this error.
3.5 million Indians fought for Britain in both world wars. We got theft and famines in return.
The Commonwealth of Nations is cool, proud to be a part of the commonwealth!
Even though the atrocities of the British empire can't be forgiven because of their influence on the Sub Continent I know English really well and I am in the UK at the moment because of this haha
Cheers mate
Thats why the scottish number one team is called celtic
Ok but why play prussian military music for napoleon on a history video for britain?
I usef to live near were the Magna Carter was signed.
Never underestimate the power of Cornwall.
NSW was colonised in 1788, not 1778
Really good vid, being British myself I thought this was really accurate
And we protect our nation from british empire ..that's our proud history ... Love from Nepal ????
Why a Prussian march for Napoleon?
I mean, Robert the Bruce flopped sides multiple times but sure, I guess you could just call him a hero to Scotland.
16:58 Ah, home sweet home!
BC and AD > (politically correct) BCE and CE. Aside from that, very good vid.
But if u.s. didn't had civil war then British empire wouldn't even exist by 1900. ;)
I had trouble understanding everything. All I learn in school is just American stuff. America is just so selfish. "Oh America is the greatest country ever!" Yah right.
18:38 this is disturbing
I really thought trial by combat was just a game of thrones thing lol
That song at 18:30 is from ancient architects channel.
What does CE mean?
I started watching and I am hoping to see the Easter Rising and what actually happened in the Famine and how badly the Irish were treated.
Damn Britains an asshole
You skipped Owain Glyndwrs rebellion. Great video other than that though
I like how you mentioned brexit but not the scottish independance ref that threatened to break the country
"RIP Headphone users" Haha! Nice touch. 14:27
Excellent!!
UK the oldest democracy in the world
13:04 when looking at the British territory, it makes you wonder why the rest of them didn't rebel either. The taxes didn't go solely to the 13 original colonies did they?
I hope the UK will exit the EU. We do not need a racist little island within the EU. Get out and stay out
How could you not mention Robert the Bruce!?!?!?!
Iím not sure if we have recovered from 2008. At least in NI, wages havenít increased etc
The Napoleon intro was quite a mishmash of... not all Frenchy elements! ??
It's B.C. and A.D.
"Gwineth". "Grav-eleen".
Game of thrones is based on British history. 7 Kingdoms, a giant wall, not mention the map looks like Ireland turned upside down and wales and England turned right stacked on top of each other.
England the one country to help birth many others.
Intruducing Napoleon Bonaparte with the military march "Prussias Glory" ... that's humor
Now rise for the English national anthem????????????????????????????????????
Love for our brothers in Great Britain! Coming from the USA
???? once a great nation that ruled the world ?? Now the Laughing stock of the world ?? that arselicks the world ???? ?? ??
A bunch of Europeans deciding, who owns what parts of Africa ???? bruh
So Preuﬂens Gloria with Napoleon???
In the long run, the British are the greatest colonizers in world history. Unlike the French, Spanish, Portuguese, and Dutch, they left majority of their former colonies with the education to flourish on their own. Just look at the U.S., Canada, Australia, New Zealand, India, Singapore, Malaysia, and Hong Kong - all economic giants because they used the knowledge of business and commerce they learned from the British. In contrast, the Mexican, South American and Philippine economy is a mess because the Spanish and the Portuguese made the inhabitants too dependent on religion, while the former French and Dutch colonies were practically never educated at all.
We're the true Hebrew Israelites Not african slaves. And the fake European Jews living in Israel today, are not Hebrew Israelites. But European coverts to Judaism
The thing I learned from the British is there is no good in being good in this world. Valuable lesson. Thanks.
Soon the only native cuisine in the UK will be kebab.
The 'beaker people' are thought to have come from what is now northern Spain, according to sources I read years ago.
Where are our reparations!!!?
It also exported the rule of law, democracy and freedom.
Dont forget how much americans helped you. But i do love me some british badassery
Pretty accurate. One or two things I'd change. For instance, after Henry VIII split from the Catholic church the English mostly remained Catholic, they just weren't governed from Rome any more, Protestantism grew, but it was Henry's daughter Elizabeth I who established the Church of England in an attempt to unify the country under one (English) religion, which put the monarch, Elizabeth, at the head of the church rather than the Pope, and made some compromises on the key differences between Catholicism and Protestantism. Also its pronounced Grav-el-een, not Grave-lines, hehe.
2:21 I guess I live in Northumbria
God I love my Country??
I'm a dumb American who didn't learn a lot of this, so here I am trying to teach myself.
Your information regarding the history of Ireland, in particular, the Irish Famine is incorrect. There was no deliberate starvation of Ireland by the British government. In fact, grain, maize and other food products were imported in huge quantities by the British Government to relieve the famine in Ireland. One of the major factors in the famine being so disastrous in Ireland as oppose to the rest of Europe (the blight of the potato crop occurred all over Europe) was that mainly due to the problem of subdivision of land amongst tenant farmers in Ireland and their subsistence on the potato crop as the staple food of their diet along with buttermilk. This was mainly a problem in Leinster, Munser and Connaught where wealthy Irish landlords like Daniel O'Connell did little to help their tenants. Ulster was not affected to anywhere near the same degree because of factors such as the difference in diet and that subdivision of land was not as prevalent in Ulster. I have a masters degree in Irish history. I could go into much more detail. The idea of Ireland being starved by the British Government is a myth without any factual basis.
As someone who is half English and half Scottish, and who identifies as British, this video pretty much sums up why I hate petty nationalism. In the past, everyone invaded everyone else, lots of people died, and we're all equally descended from invaders and invaded, colonisers and colonised, oppressed and oppressors. It all happened ages ago, let's not bicker and argue about 'oo killed 'oo. Let's just move on and focus on making Britain a better place for everyone in the here and now.
Scottish independence is yet to come
Your channel can only get better from this point. It really reminds me of oversimplified and simple history.
Hmm ?? I always wondered the history of The United Kingdom ?? thanks
I want to visit scotland that place looks nice
wonderful, thank you
Really the UK is located in the British isles lol
Right thats it you've done it now. Im going to have to fire up Attilla Total War again!
I tried fish and chips when I was in London. It was ok but not great
Iím not gonna say you copied him but you at least had to be inspired by oversimplified
How am I supposed to believe u if u lie aboot how long the videos on for ?!??
Make one for france
Stop right there: The British Isles is formed by England, Scotland, Wales, Northern Ireland and Eire.
17:10 What about the Steel City of Sheffield?
The US and UK are the greatest allies
You didnít talk about the Falklands war
14:35 playing Prussian Glory on Napoleon... Iíve never been so disappointed
Am I the only one who got the joke with Prussian Glory being played over Napoleon?
Magna Carta signed 1215, not 1216.
Talks about bonaparte PLAYS PRUSSEN GLORIA
Respect ! Dieu et mon droit - Honni soit qui mal y pense - God save the queen !
The last time I visited Britain my poop became liquid because of the low quality of food. But with great football teams especially Liverpool (my favourite) and the will to fight for their country. The U.K. is a great country love it
17:35 Greatest British invention ever. Fish and Chips. lol
Easily the best history of the UK video i've ever seen. Well done!
YOU DIDNT MENTION STAFFORDSHIRE OATCAKES
Artillery only
A bunch of migrants coming together on an island from what I can understand out of this vid.. everything was imported even their language..
Under the Berlin confrence Cyprus was basically put under de facto British rule whilst it was still de jure under Ottoman rule, in the WW1 countries map you show Cyprus as Ottoman when Cyprus had been annexed. Brilliant video otherwise
21:06 which street is this?
William Wallis was a legend made to rally the Scottish, We only see traces of him in books and they seem a lot like storys
Romans are weak Scotland for life
The Isle of Man is not part of England or even the United Kingdom.
i have a small irish blood in me which means i have some celtic blood in me
Awesome video! Whyíd you play a Prussian March for Napoleon though?
And in 2015 the UK shit their pants in the EU cup.
2/10 Not enough negros.
Do you work with oversimplified or is it just a coincidence because your characters look the same
I wonder what it would be like if nobody existed in the emerald and British isles except for the beaker culture
??????????????+??????????????= ????
Cool video. I am an American with a lot of English and Scottish heritage. Itís cool to learn about some family trees. I do have relatives from Australia and I did not know for a while until I took a DNA test.
Where are the reparations for the Scots, Welsh and Irish I wonder.
I hate to break it to you but that song you played for Napoleon is called PRUSSIAN (Germany) Glory
3:08 Danish vikings? There were also Norwegian vikings participating in these attacks
Oh yeah!?! Well I can do the history of the United States in 2 sentences.. We fought the British for Independence and became a country in 1776. We have been at war since 1776.
I approve the ear rape
9:51 "V"
MR TRUCULENT SAYS !!!! The UK does not include the Isle of man and the channel Islands. They have their own elected parliaments. Like Greenland and Denmark . Don't forget the UK was not the first country to leave the EU. Greenland was. It is time to take our second biggest tax cut by leaving NATO ! France wasn't in NATO from 1966 until 2009 during the Hight of the cold war. We are no longer a supper power and need to take appropriate action, like when the CCCP returned to Russia. We don't have the money for Imperialism.
If it's not British....KILL IT!!
21 minutes and 38 seconds! LIES!!!
Prussian march with French soldiers? ABSOLUTELY HARAM!
20:52 Subscribed because you mentioned parmos <3
Tea has been used in india several drcades before china,a merchent from china fascinated by tea and took the recipe to china
Anglo-Norman language? I think you mean Norman French
R u Argon of Sakad?
It's Motte and Bailey, not Moat. Cheers
Is it Britain anymore .
Left out the part where African Kingdoms sold their own people into slavery for money.
A small economic recession that we've recovered from?! Hahahaha
Mohandas Gandhi. Really?
Say what you want but I have mad respect for Britain
This channel reminds me of Oversimplified... hmm
Hong Kong isn't the last empire - I think you'll find we still own Scotland and N.Ireland
1:04 I know that song, lol. My men literally march to that specific song
14:31 dude plays preussens gloria talking about france, smh.
4:30 Why are you using Prussia Gloria which is a prussian song not a French
MAGA!
Hey thanks for the video. Looking forward to future posts.
woh woh woh woh woh woh woh. you cant talk about the tran atlantic slavery and Britain without mentioning how we also fucking abolished it. dont make us look like arseholes
I think this channel is going to grow very very fast. It's great, it makes history a lot more enjoyable to more people and that's very nice ! A lot of information easily presented with very nice graphics Love it !!!
Many countries say us Brits are all divided in being either tea sipping fancy dressing snobs or drug taking gang thugs. But just know that the same isles you countries put snarky stereotypes on were the ones that let you live how you are. Think about that next time you call a Brit a snob.
Great video. Thank you :)
The hell is a C.E?
Great video. You missed the most important invention of all time for the British colony and the world which is the Tractor. Also the bicycle was invented in Britain which is the most efficient form of transportation in the world. The industrial revolution was the greatest event in history from this little Island started by Tomas Newcome and launched towards by James Watt. Without out it we would be living a very hard life like our ansestors.
We are still in an economic recession
im british, welsh, scottish, and irish. im a proud man.
Rule Britannia Britannia rules the waves England will never ever ever ever be slavesss
Neat video, sir, but da heck was up with that random Napoleon montage using Prussia's Glory? lol :D
England can go fuck off up,the rah
omg this is so sad alexa play rule britannia
This video was greatly done.
Ireland : the one who got away
i hear world conqueror soundtrack ..!
Dude, the Spanish empire never held Portugal and never held the eastern coast of South America. That was some extremely wrong history-ing right there. I am from Brazil and I most definitely not speak Spanish, as the Spanish most definitely never held most of the Atlantic coast of South America.
Whoooo. Slow down, Portugal was not a part of Spain as your map showed
Your pronunciation of places and names is truly awful.
The Union of Scotland and England was because England had no heir and Scotland could provide one. Although the debts incurred by Scotland on trying to settle parts of North America are seen as a reason for the Union, it is actually an excuse to give the English the upper hand historically. Thereís a reason why Scotland have a legal right to leave the Union (Act of Union 1707) and thatís because it was Scotland who established the United Kingdom and not England, even if the Scottish landlords of the time allowed the government to be based in Westminster (They were paid for this). Itís an important aspect to note and the reason why Scottish independence is now increasing in number.
Sunderland made better ship than Newcastle
RIP headphone users :''''D
You see Britain I see Westeros
Im an iranian and truly These 2 islands are the best...
America. The land of the rebels.
The first British man to recognise what the British government had done during our famine, leaving us with nothing even though we were a part of their empire. It was disgusting how they treated us. Not just at that point but for the 600 years beforehand and the tens of years afterwards. Weíre such a small nation and Britain managed to take 1/3 of the world but notice how they could never take and keep Ireland. Weíre some fierce celts arenít we.
eye i am from Lancaster
14:34... what the hell was that... Napoleon with Prussian Glory under the images!! How can you mess up lile that?! Informative video besides that
Didnt they buy alot of slaves from African leaders...
Hmmm... Welsh cakes
I live in the place weíre the battle of Hastings it swashbuckling not in Hastings
Proud to be an Englishman
You included the IOM as part of the UK. reeeeeeeee
Recovered from 2008? Depends on who you are. The bankers who caused it certainly have. They were paid off handsomely by the tax payer. But the rest of us??? You certainly don't watch the news, do you! Also, it'd called the "Great Recession" for a reason, not because it was "small"...
God bless England. What an incredible heritage we Americans have with this rich and innovative empire.
the beaker people where black with blue eyes
14:27 that woke my sister up
The Scottish people were kicked out of Scotland after the 1746 Jacobite rising and fled to Nova Scotia which was very much a Scottish majority province even in modern times they did not fail to colonize Nova Scotia and I didnít even know they tryed to colonize panama P.s I live in Nova Scotia and I am very much Scottish also I believe that I got the year right for the rising not 100% sure
hyped to be able to comment "was here since 13K" when you hit a million! keep it up!
God bless the United Kingdom of Great Britain & Northern Ireland. I love our country, may our citizens live well, and may we remain prosperous in these difficult times. ??????????????????????????????????????????????
15:57 Many different types of machines and factories with machines in them so they can make a lot of products real fast. ?
Ireland was helped during the famine, by the ottoman empire
You borrow the art style from someone?
I am less than four minutes into this video and I am already impressed by what you have said. You actually did what the title said and have so far mentioned ALL of Britain and it's people and not JUST talked about England as most "History" channels seem to do despite their video being called "History of Britain". You have earned a subscriber, keep up the good work.
Although our country is devided on this matter I believe we will prosper and become a greater more unified nation and people
What About Norwich
Ireland plummeted from near 8 mil to around 2 mil. That's 75% not 50%
2:38 Pronunciations: Gwynedd- ìGwin-ethî Powys- ìP-ow-isî Dyfed- ìDof-edî Sorry Iím welsh and I understand how annoying it must be to pronounce, (thereís literally a place named ìLlanfairpwllgwyngyllgogerychwyrndrobwllllantysiliogogogochî.)
this is game of thrones
Best part 4:30 since it, Uk and England were under French king and French domination during 300 years, check house of Plantagenet.
No spoilers alert for vikings wtf
Still not better than America's history.
Very diplomatic calling liverpool a major trading centre! haha
polan can into space
napoleon bonaparte. ..plays prussian music...
Kernow Bys Vyken
Where's the troubles?
so... a portuguese woman was the cataclist for all the wars and world changing events after England got hooked on tee, witch bring us to the hell we are today with millions of people still suffering from the concequences of british domain.... Seems to check out.
William ìthe bastardî of Normandy
Finally
Thank god it wasn't an American doing the dialogue ??
No mention of cromwell in Ireland?
Mup Ireland
Bohers? It boers, like 'boo'rs
Alan Turing: the man who hacked the Nazis.
English are so mean how dare you say you britian cracked the enigma code when it is was the polish who cracked it im so proud to be polish????
Thank you for the warning at 14:30
BCE = Politically correct muck.
Great vid
this is a good channel but you need to read about ti more, because you would know that England still has the British empire but its now called "british overseas territories"
Fish and chips, Mary Popkins and shit whether - gb.
Middlesbrough gets a mention! Lovely!
Why did you play Prussian Gloria on Napoleon oh wait forgot that Napoleon the 3 got rekt by Prussia and the northern German States
Long live the ANGLO-SAXON'S and THE CELTS !
this took me straight back to school, i loved learning our history people dont realize how entertaining it actually was.
Scientists say the first British person to step foot on Britain was an Iranian with blue eyes and black hair and caramel skin and there was Neanderthals where the first but that doesnít count, they were cannibals
Please colonize India again and give us a better life.
Polish immigrants cracked the enigma code
Stop mentioning things that were missed people. This is 5000 years in a 20 minute summary. Of course not everything is covered!
Did I just hear ìmahanda Ghandiî ??
.
Well. Brexit means Brexit
P L A Y A R T I L L E R Y O N L Y IN H O I 4
What about the Jacobite uprising? That was a big part in Britains history.
May my ancestors rest in peace. The Campbell's betrayed Scotland and its people by murdering my kin in their sleep.
Great video. I liked the way you focused on the good and the bad aspects from the 19th century and up. Keep up the great work.
Come on where's Henry VII?
Wow, this is a great video, but maybe just talk a little faster. It will probably help quite a bit
My ears hurt from listening to 8d audio
Britons never never never shall be slaves
Most faults of the British empire is high taxes
2:15 MERICA
Very good, but you missed out King Arthur
Irish famine in a nutshell Ireland: Hey England, our potatoes have a disease, can you help us? England: No Ireland: Please? England: Here's an Indian dish you can't afford Ireland: How can we afford it? England: We'll pay you if you build roads and work in workhouses Ireland: We're barely getting paid. We're all starving to death England: Uh whatever, we're too busy making an empire and being cooler than France Ireland: Screw this, we're moving to America
Frickin best place to live....England is meh, Scotland I donít even know , and Wales just I donít know either finally Ireland is OMFG yes Iíll happy live there
I enjoyed this thank ou good job.
WHAT ABOUT THE ECCLES CAKE?!
Great video, but maybe add some more music, animations or emotive voice acting/light heartedness to help make it more entertaining
All those poor potatoes
PLAYS THE PRUSSIAN ANTHEM WHILE MENTIONING FRANCE REEEEEEEEEE
12% of British troops deployed died in WW1, many loved the war as it was a chance to travel and fight for what they were proud of, still loved the video and am proud of my british heritage
Failing to mention the Famine as genocide, from plantations to starvation of the indigenous population so the land could be used as an agricultural island for exporting food to other British colonies around the world. And no mention of anyway of the rebellions over the 800 years of enslavement not to mention 1916?
England didn't hand its empire over to Hong Kong for no reason they saw china's fire power and communism how they fought off the Japanese that's when they started to leave
18:38 SCP-106
malta they ruled
Just came for the bit about the American Revolution. It's the best part of the video, innit? Coming from an Irish bloke.
Preussens Gloria while mentioning Napoleon Bonaparte my history boner just got killed
God save the Queen. Haha jk she sucks
the northern isles didn't appear on the maps but the western isles did :/
Ugh, ????
"Wait i thought you're the bastard" "Dude" "Uncool"
So sorry for the brutal Viking raids
Do one for France and Spain! This was very good.
Why do people always focus on the bad parts of the empire, yes they did do bad things but they did the same amount or possibly more good things, without Britain the world would of been much different.
India wasn't peaceful at all..... Very very violent... Millions died... !.!.!.!.!.!.!.!
There was a Palmer carbine used in 1866, bolt action rifle's were around before ww1 .. just saying....
You did...... Well done....
And glossed over the Boer war, and why in 1880 the Dutch had other colonies...I wonder if you'll mention the concentration camps, of all the Dutch fighters families....!.? Let's see....
I thought this was about Britain...?.?.? Seems more about southern England to me......
Glossed right over the Potato famine there..could have been prevented though, by simply shipping food over, but it's only the Irish right...!.? And you never even mentioned the 'Highland clearance' but as your English...!.!.! .... But moved swiftly on to the brutal destruction of India......money greed and power....
You said that slaves were brought over from Africa in 1607...? That's not true at all... The first slaves taken over to the America's were white Scots and Irish know as indentured servitude..... Slaves...... Recorded in 1621, kids as young as 6 being sold by starving patents and pressed by the government, who wrote a charter, stating all those traders embarking for the America's, clean the pubs brothel's and roads of rats and vagabonds....
B.C./A.D, when talking about a history of a Christian culture, you would think this channel would show some respect for the peoples history that it depicts. But hey I'm a dick.
You played Pruﬂens Gloria for France, that is a Prussian march, not French.
Better off in:'( I wanna stay in the eu. Awesome video :)
just to say I am a South African and u pronounced the word Boer wrong its pronounced Bu-er the one is pronounced as a uu sound as the vowel sounds in Afrikaans are pronounced very differently compared to English
This video: History of Britain in 20 Minutes Next video: History of China in 20 Hours Video after that: History of the USA in 20 Seconds
I live in Newcastle and I am sad that we no longer make ships for the uk
lol why use a prussian song for Napoleon??
Your butchering of Welsh Names Is Painful
11:29 Me: BEER 11:31 Me: Oh...
Love your very informative video but when you introduce Napoleon you played "Prussian Glory". Um, no.
Bizarre how the crown passed from the Stuarts to the German Hanovers in the early 1700s. Must have been a very unpopular decision at the time
You mentioned Middlesbrough, you mentioned parmo's. You just gained a subscriber buddy.
Monmouth rebellion?
You mis-pronounced welsh words so hard lol. Just to notify you. F is pronounced as v and ff is pronounced as f
No mention of Owain Glyndwr?
Good analysis of complex history. You did forget Liverpool v Man U and Tottenham Arsenal in the seventies but I will forgive you... :D
Napoleonic War : Opening Kˆniggr‰tzer Marsch German rulez
Playin that thrones of brittania theme I see
And wasn't William supposed to be called William the Bastard?(after be conquered England he was renamed into WIlliam the Conqueror).
Why do you mark the isle of man when you mention England. It's not the same
Glad that Middlesbrough and the boro parmo was mentioned
What's the difference between America and yoghurt ? Leave yogurt for a long time and it will have a noticeable culture
ëSmall economic recessioní?????!
Forgot about Owain Glyndwr's uprising
some parts of South east asia was once a British colony
Winston Churchill is responsible for the end of the British Empire. He was a filthy little sell-out and traitor. We didn't "stand strong" under him, we got involved in and encouraged a dreadful war which has been the death of us as a nation. The only Victor was the international Jew.
why is there no mention of the Jacobite rebellion
The real britain did not start with the beakers it started with the stone age men around the time of 5000bc then as you say 2500bc was when the beakers with religion and celts with metal art and tools and weapons.
"The East India Company, founded by Elizabeth the First".........are you sure? I think that's Rowlocks, old son.
"Boer" is pronounced b(who)r in afrikaans
life
There is a dispute out there over a theory that the Jutes never existed and that they were actually just a small subculture of one of the other groups
14:30 Prussian Music.... Over France...Ö... FUR DAS KAISER!! FUR DAS VATERLAND!!
6:53 Yaaas wit a boy
This guy sounds like Spugesdu
Also, loved this. The history is so vast and crazy! Nicely done!
So, can I make claims for reparations? I want to be just like modern day American kids!
I thought I clicked on oversimplified
We haven't begun to peak!
I like the video a lot but I'm just gonna be that guy and say you skipped over Canadian independence, I know it didn't happen like the Americans or the Irish and Indian but with Canada being a Dominion it set a new course for the empire in terms of governance that would culminate in the 1931 Staute of Westminster and later the Commonwealth.
Great video extremely informative thank you very much!
Iím Welsh and I find the way you pronounced the welsh names most amusing????????????????????????????????????????????????
Be butchered the Welsh names
I love British history!
Jesus dude jumped from like ice age to roman empire like it was nothing
i may not be British but as a former subject i would let them back in with open arms. GOD SAVE THE QUEEN
Northumbria ??
The way you pronounce the Welsh kingdoms makes me want to jump off a cliff.
HOW DARE THEE PLAY PREUSSENS GLORIA WHEN N A P O L E O N IS ON SCREEN. HERESY AND BLASPHEMY I SAY
Britain has a glorious history. Too bad it wont be around much longer.
Mention the stuarts but not Bonnie Prince Charlie and the Scottish rebellion against the English? :(
If you squint your eyes you can see Samoa
Mahandes Gandhi. Lol.
2:18 It's pronounced "murica"
Great vid mate, although you butchered the Welsh haha
Gaylic ????????
Great video but damn you butchered those welsh names!!
You missed the invasion of England by the Welsh/French, led my Owain Glyndwr.
Couple of points on early stuff - the Beaker people/culture was imported in, there were people before them and the idea that there was a huge Anglo/Jute/Saxon invasion is wrong - a big change in culture yes but not particularly of peoples, add in Richard didnt "defend" Britain, he actually hated it and just viewed it as a piggy bank for his crusades
So in other words. Was just war
really interesting seeing how much game of thrones is inspired from our history
Always a negative with British history isnít there - other counties have done just as bad if not worse things but I bet it wonít be mentioned
Brilliant summarisation of British history, learnt a lot about my country that I didnít know
Polish matematics broke enigma code and handed the results to britain
You forgot Bulgaria was apart of the central powers
Like if you watched this video with a good cup of tetley tea in hand
You do know half the Spanish fleet got into a fight with the ottoman navy which helped the British there was Evan a letter of thanks to the sultan from Victoria
Glyndwr's Rising is missing.
Living in Amesbury, these stones.... are the cause of the dreaded A303.... Where fun loving tourists love to take pictures whilst driving past. Also, you're mis-pronouncing "Llewellyn" It's a "Cla" sound. not "El"
No Isle of Man isnít England. Itís its own country
Preussens Gloria with Napoleon lol. Funny when we know how Napoleon wiped the floor with the prussians
Magna Carta was signed in 1215 not 1216.
In a series of coalitions napoleon was defeated... well thatís fucking cutting long story short aye
Britain's God against all odds became Christian
Would be nice to give more credits to the dutch tho, like the 'dutch armada' and shit
**YOU MISSED OUT RHODESIA**
Rhodesia was the best colony. Don't @ me
I love watching history videos, this one was presented beautifully except for a couple pronunciations butchered, but was overall interesting. Keep it up :)
The Falklands and Gibraltar?
Super Anglo centric version of history
Great history of uk
Where's Glyndwr?
It just goes to show how shitty Americans are when they won't even help pay the government that protected them
Fun fact:the taxes for the 13 colonies were not even higher than taxes in other colonies and even in Britain they paid more than the colonies
Nice vid, like the Civ V music lol. But (and I hate to be that one guy) the English did in effect conquer France as after Agincourt (1420 i think) the Treaty of Troyes made Henry V and his heirs kings of France after the death of (I think0 Charles VI , and in effect did rule over France during this time. Sorry to be a pompous prat but I'm studying Agincourt atm for a documentary. Keep up the good work
Only the puritans in Plymouth had come to America for religious reasons, the point of the colony in Jamestown was for monetary gain
Britain, once a pagan country under Roman rule and then became pretty much the new tyrant Rome. Too bad for them that they couldn't keep their claim on America and got their asses kicked in our war of Independence and again in the War of 1812 when they started their shit up again. Just like the Roman empire Britain proved to be a bitch in the end. I just wonder when they are going to give up that outdated royalty shit and fully come into the current day and age.
1607 to 1833 = 300 years ?
mahandus Gandhi? It's Mahatma Gandhi , if you're going made a video about history maybe try learning the correct pronunciation before? Still good video ^_^
Bolt action rifles were used 60 years before the first world war
Up the Boro
Iím from Middlesbrough ??
THE PARMO. You sir, just earned a sub.
Thanks Germany for fucking up our empire!! ??. Seriously though, why are us Brits so proud of our empire? It was the bloodiest and most brutal empire in history.
Europe is annoying damn ????????
Brilliant video! You've gained a new sub!!
can you please do France next?
FREE CORNWALL!!!!
Gibraltar is still a British colony on the southern tip of Spain right?
Good video, although left Northern Ireland out at the end when talking about regional dishes. NI always forgotten about ??
It feels so good to be British! Whoís up for tea and scones?
Why didn't you include the trade between norway and the uk to hand over some british isles shetland and orkney as a wedding gift
Didnít mention Canada or its involvement as a dominion of Britain throughout history particularly its defence against the us the invention of the codes used in ww1 by most commonwealth forces (cree ìcodeî) or the exploits during ww1 to turn the tide of war in important battles (vimy ridge/Ypres)
You sound like Sargon
You miss pronounced mote it's mot not how it's spelt. And it's not the ditch around the castle it's actually the hill the castle is on and the Bailey is the town below.
Wait. Did was American just named after MERICA?
When u said Britain in global dominance I laughed out loud. Iím American
Prussian music you absolute mug
Why u play preuﬂens gloria over Napoleon?
You're very anti British imperialism aren't you
I still shit myself when i hear the name napoleon
Every single one of these vids talks about the fierce viking danes. What about the other vikings in norway and sweden who actually started it all
Kernow Bys Vyken, Onen Hag Oll!!
Who else read merica as merica?
Mon the picts, get it ryt up em roman wankers.
Make History of Ireland ????
Just a quick question, why did you use the preussens gloria?
Well put together video. But like countless ones before it, it tries and fails to recognize the extent of colonial destruction. Ends on the same note of globalization as an effect of colonialism. While this might hold truth for the americas, the rest of the world did not benefit for colonialism one bit. Also Churchhill caused as much death and destruction as Hitler. One of the villains of the modern world.
You pronounced Alba wrong
And then in the future there will be a civil war about multiculturalism.
Really enjoyed this mate. Thank you
The dutch mostly did much of the slave trade but yes the British did create the market for it
I mean, you somewhat glanced over the Roman genocide of Britain. They kind of decimated their culture.
Well actually John put up the taxes to pay for Richards expensive wars
Inspired by oversimplified?
i' ve got seven kingdoms to rule! fear and blood keeps them in line!
Once again people try pronounce Welsh names,but fail miserably. You may as well use Google translate to say it.
You missed out the Jacobite revolution
This channels gonna blow ????
Subbed
nice one
Brilliant video. Not heard of the pound currency before, locally it's called sterling haha.
You played Prussia glory for the nepoleon part
Beginning is wrong the settlers where already there didn't sail from Europe to britian
Please don't depict Portugal as being Spain. Despite the Iberian Union at some point in time, Spain never really had a grip on Portugal.
6:35 "They may take our lives, but they'll never take our freedom!"
Thank goodness theyíre out of the EU
Bit of a morbid note to end on
Why does Napoleon use Prussian Glory as a soundtrack?
My reaction to Britainís whole history is the exact same as what you think when you first meet a Brit. ìohî
Nothing about the terrorist invasion ?
Where the sun will never set
Fucking balamory intro
Itís always been England trying to fuck with Scotland, arseholes
You also forget the rebellion they had tp stop in 1916
You forgot the 1798 rebellion by the irish
Oh God, I don't even know where to start on your Welsh pronunciations.
Hearing Prussia's glory during the Napoleon scene gave me cancer.
The only way to keep a united kingdom apart, is to make it one. We should be one country, and a united people. Not this old fashioned Napoleonic era patriotism for countries inside countries, layered upon many more layers.
Oh god don't mention brexit, was a stupid fucking idea that was decided for us by all the old people who've now fucked our future, but they don't care because they're gonna die soon ?????
'When the romans left....' Um. Why did they leave?
you say powys like POw is now poowys im welsh btw
pronounced the welsh kingdoms wrong, but nice try
Your gonna blow up
Eat a fucking carrot u Irish fuck. I jkjk
4:47 I love how the technology is still inferior to the Romans.
Ahh jah didn't put in the raid on the medway oh wel
Iím off to make a cup of tea
History of Britain in 4 lines They hate the Spanish and the Irish They praise pirates as national heroes and sack half of the world They smuggle drugs into China after sodomizing them with their army They think they deserve any kind of national pride when they have no sense of honor
'History of Britain' - Concentrates FULLY on ENGLISH Monarchs and ENGLISH History. Worst of it is, there will be people watching this taking it as read. Do some research people, the history of Britain is a hell of a lot more than England.
Yes britian did some bad things but so did every other nation
So basically Celtic peopleís then the Romans came in and controlled them. After the Romans left the Anglo-saxons came in. And a few centuries of Germanic peoples. Lots of kings, wars, and an empire, WW1,WW2, the Cold War. And here we are present day talking about Britain.
very interesting i enjoyed this video
You left out parts
MAY THE SUN NEVER SET ON THE BRITISH EMPIRE, GOD SAVE THE QUEEN ??????????????????
Lol whenever someone says Iím British, Iím like ìNah, IM FUCKIN SCOTTISH M8î
No mention of Culloden (last battle fought on British home soil) or the Falklands?
WHY IS NORTHERN IRELAND BARELY MENTIONED LIKE THE TROUBLES IS SO INTERESTING
It is not Mahandas Gandhi it was mahatma Gandhi but Idc Indians are bitches
It's like Game of thrones ??
how can you cover British history and not mention the battle of Trafalgar
Whats this prussian parade music?? 14:29
You pronounced Gwynedd horribly
Rule Britannia!
i hate to be picky but the music played for napoleon is a march called "Prussia Gloria" who were one of the many Germanic states who sided with Great Britain and who turned the tide of victory at The Battle of Waterloo in 1815 :p
That song you played for Napoleon os actually german.
stupid that we're a tiny island but massively divided. next we'll have cornwall pushing for independence lol.
Napoleon, great Prussian leader
Shouldíve put more in WW1 where Bulgaria was part of the central powers and Greece and Romania were part of the Entente.
You sound suspiciously like 40k theories
Thx for mention abit bout Ireland, its appreciated
E
"History started at 1776. Everything before that was a mistake." -Ron Swanson
You forgot about the Jacobite rebellion.
Fucking CE. Why
*Shows the french, plays Prussian Glory
Napoleon boneparte... Then Prussian Gloria ?? ?? ??
So proud to be British ????
10:08 West Virginia was part of Virginia then
19:49 Is that countryball porn?
I wish nothing more than to go back in time to 1066 with a mini-gun and plenty of ammo so I can rid England of the Norman filth WERIAN SE ANGLECYNN
I know the US is relatively new compared to England and itís history but I think it would be interesting for a video , especially if you spend time talking about forgotten wars it participated in
I love how when you talked about Napoleon, you used the Prussian anthem as your music. I donít see any relationship between Prussia and France, except the Franco-Prussian war. It is funny and I love this video a lot. It is really useful for English knowledge. Just hearing it made me laugh
Mary queen of Scots was executed in England after many years in prison.she was writing to a man plotting to kill Liz and a point Mary as queen of England as Mary was realisticly the next in line due to Liz having no heirs, Mary's letters were intercepted and she was charged for treason and killed. There wasn't much religion behind her death apart from if she did become queen she would turn England back to Catholicism. But the had nothing to do with her reason for being killed.
Napoleon Bonapart.... plays Prussens Gloria.... love the vid but please...
19:51 don't know the comic but India was having fun with Bangladesh
Great video, very nice! My only grumble is that the Picts were pre-Celts, not a Celtic people or culture.
The UN will be the death of all nation's who stand with it
Why use BCE & CE over BC & AD?
You forgot how slavery started by britian giving africa muskets in exchange for their prisoners of war (which were other africans)
0:35 So that's why you need to research "Calendar" in order to build the Stonehenge in Civ 5... Edit: I got a heart! :)
Intermission about Napoleon: "Preussens Gloria" ("Prussian glory") plays. Makes total sense. Umm, how about you play the Marseillaise, you german spy.
bitch pls this is fucking click bait, it says specificly in the title "in 20 Minutes" but then you look on the video time and it's FUCKING 21:38 LONG! DON'T BELIEVE THIS GUY!
English were slaves to the Chinese
Long live the queen!
I'm from Glasgow in Scotland and we went through a period where a lot of the old sandstone buildings were knocked down (not all of them were, the people trying to redevelop our city got their act together), and I went to Edinburgh for a job interview a couple of weeks ago and realised that we are the only city that done this but they also managed to sort of blend the old and the new together and it looks fantastic, where as in Glasgow you get beautiful sandstone buildings that used to be tenements that are now just rows of flats with normal bricks covering up the holes they made in the large restoration of the city that wound up failing and with the creation of several new towns including Drumchapel in Clydebank and Cumbernauld in the middle of fricken nowhere.
Britain still has one colony THE MIGHTY FALCONS ISLAND
How dare you use Preussens Gloria for a slimely snail like napoleon
Great video!
14:31 that's prussian national anthem
Prussian music, Napoleon on screen. HERESY!
Stonehenge, Paris's greatest natural landmark.
Make the history of Romania ???? please
Thank you for the great video!
This is very educational. I hate history classes but if this is what they teach I would love to learn! :)
The Best Video ever by VC3 Productions !! ;-)
u forgot the anglo dutch wars...
Great and long video! super nicely summarized! And be thankfull to the portuguese for your beloved tea!
We not going to mention the Commonwealth realm?
You used the Prussian March for France...
Why is Prussian anthem played when Napoleon is on screen
????????
This hasn't been done yet! Good on you!
I loved this video. As a British person myself, I am surprised how much of this I didn't know.
I'd link to the video, but I'll just transcribe what I wanna get across. Britain: "This civilization was founded on fuck ups, and you know what? That makes me proud! We are more belligerent, more stubborn, and more idiotic than you could ever imagine! Just leave us to our own devices you intergalactic assholes! We wanna be free. We wanna be free to do what we wanna do! We want to get loaded, and we wanna have a good time! And that's what we where gonna do! [God Save The Queen Plays, Chorus Swells]"
Great vid man keep up the good work
Amazing!
I will happily watch 4 ads to make sure this vid doesnít go unrewarded
Ty
RULE BRITANNIA! BRITANNIA RULES THE WAVES!! lol jk We've missed out some events and people like the opium wars, Anglo dutch wars, Maori, etc just for the sake of time. And edit it was 1788 that the convicts arrived in Australia ???? Hope you enjoy the video and thanks for watching!!!
This is mainly the history of England
I predict bright future for this channel.
Nice but French ear rape in Napoleon is weask what is that bitch ass
Second!
I'm first