Hey guys, sorry for the re-upload. This one took a long time to make- glad I can finally release it... More on the Assyrians later... If you're new here then welcome to History Time! Hit the subscribe button for new videos weekly on Ancient, Roman, Early Medieval & High Medieval history. & Let me know in the comments what you'd like to see covered in the future!
All of this ! From what is arguably the oldest part of the world of mankind. This was EPIC ! Great job HISTORY TIME !??
You are really doing fantastic work. Your videos are so watchable and narrated perfectly!
I really like the narrator’s voice, specifically the tone and tempo. I am also incredibly impressed by how the material is presented. By slowly magnifying the image, I learn so much more detail than I have in more audio focused pieces. Thank you for your hard work!
iraq has the best history and your channel is the best history channel on youtube
Lots of pictures of horse archers. But I associate horse archers with IE speakers. And assyrians and sumerians and the like are semitic speakers, no? Or?
Cruelty, hubris and, short sightedness of humanity reaffirmed.
Interesting relief carving at 14:43-45 of some type of siege craft destroying walls. With what looks like a battering ram that pivets,no less! Great video!
Best history content on youtube. Thank you so much.
Why watch television, which is mostly a wasteland, when you can watch History Time?
were the neo-Assyrians descended from the Amorite Shamshi Adad? Or were they natives of Ashur? They were the ones referred to in the Bible...Senacherib and pals.
Shamshi Adad rocks! Is there one on Tiglath-Pileser III too? He was a mighty conqueror...King Pulu
Great video sir, would like to see a video on Byrhtnoth and the battle of Maldon one day.
Interestingly enough, Shamsi Adad's name means My Sun is Adad who would later be known as Hadad and The Baal.
Quality content right here
It's History Time!
22:31 lol, his son must really be disappointing.
I love the details!
You sir, are a badass.
It's amazing how they still venerated Sargon even 400 years after his reign. You would think with all the empire changes records and names would be lost but Sargons name went on
is this from the guy behind ancient architects?
nice job!!
How you doin ? Yeah Ammorite
awesome. i was hoping you'd return to the early early history eras. thank you good sir
great work
I always found it interesting how a lot of these ancient empires seem to have a “part 1” and “part 2”
And the Assyrians still live today! Amazing people and history.
Great video, thank you
awsome vid ....great work mate !!
SO MUCH CONTENT I CAN BARELY KEEP UP I LOVE THIS CHANNEL GIVE ME MORE HISTORY TO LEARN!!! IT NEVER ENDS WOOOOOOO!!!!
Damn, that's some good stuff!! Well researched and awesomely presented, good job!!
I'm from Iraq, thank you for making videos about the middle east and the orient. It seems that YT history videos are heavily focused on the west and the ancient Romans and Greeks. Glad there are content creators like you who are less Eurocentric. Anyways, If you want help with ancient Arabic texts you can hit me in the DM's :D
Pete, what happened to the video? Also, your decision to become a follower of mine on Twitter is surprising but also it's a honour for me.
Oh Great! We haven't had one on the bronze age in 6 months!
Always love these ancient history videos! They give so much more insight into those mystic era's
Assyrians>Babylonians>Sumerians
Please check out Micahistory, it would mean a lot!
So Sumer to the ancient Middle East was what Rome is to Europe.
I never even heard of this guy. i had no idea he founded Assyria
i'm glad that you are once again making videos about the Middle East and ancient history both of which aren't talked about too much
Once again interesting but you need to make these videos shorter.
Thank you for the great videos.
Love the ancient shit.
Good video, well done!
You can tell you're a writer, you're brilliant at crafting these historical narratives. Awesome stuff!
That moment when you want to watch a video ao bad that you spend you'r data on it because the wifi is so bad. Grate video!
Great video, I love the diversity of visual support (which was one of the only flaws I could find with this channel). I love the storytelling style and the obviously the story for is there any better story than history.
Yayyy!
19:17 LOL
Thanks good sir. Please cover these earlier times, 2500 - 1000 BCE if possible, in future. These very ancient times at the beginning of Civilization, despite their scant records, are very intriguing & interesting.
awesome! truly impressive :)
Best channel on YouTube. Always solid videos, with great information.
Finally Assyria pls don't let go of this subject haha
So amazing a really acient documentary.
As always, a great and unique video. thank u :)
Dang city dwellers. Thinking they’re so great with their sewer systems.
Amazing !
Love your vids! Thank you so much!
yes!!!.Another 32 min. [THIRTY TWO!!! ] of excellent example how to do videos.Its truly very impressive every time.And the length-just watched yesterday Kings and Generals last one about Rome and Hannibal and it felt unfinished-kind of like a hollywood films when U have to wait 2 years for another part.History Time-rules.All the best,I think U r the best history channel on You Tube at the moment and I subscribe them all.Keep going!
How 'bout making a video on Crimean Goths.
More ancient world stuff please. These super ancient civilisations are so often overshadowed by the classical civilisations.
Would it be Possible if you can make Videos on Southeast asia?
Agricultural gods/religions are failures. These communities were built for the gods. Moses’ god says his name is Ayah Ashur Ayah, which is the Assyrian god EA, which is ENKI (Lord of the Earth) the New Testament devil. He’s not even a Semite/Shemite! These fools worship a Sumerian god.
Great as always, I'm glad you cover the ancient bronze age, so few people do.
Truly an impressive video. I really appreciate you're effort. Please make a biographical video on Berke khan and golden horde. Many people want to know about this mongol khan and khanate and how they became islamized
Please could you make a video on the epic of Gilgamesh
just more bronze age and their architecture ,warfare etc ..
Great.