Fucking subed bro, fucking subed
“Christianity is a peaceful religion”
Error 404 gladiatorial combat not found
Seems like whenever Rome might finally find its footing, someone murders another and ruins it. Rome in a nutshell I guess
"That was a lie. I'm sorry." Lmao.
Too fast
Wow gee guys don't try to fix the empire or anything!
“Soon after which he died...of being murdered!”??????
These are so good!
You should use a different color other than light blue for your videos. It makes it hard to distinguish around the oceans/seas.
The jokes with the characters dying....quite amusing. I'm looking forward to an episode with a historical character saying 'you're drop-dead gorgeous!' and than ......well...that should be obvious. xD
The influence of the Roman Empire on Europe is very understated but a great video all the same, I enjoyed it more than I thought I would.
My favorite part is when I get lost by how many people there are.
So... gladiators killing one another is un-christian like. Well then, let's raise an army and start slaughterin'. Just fine.
Be gone GOTH!
The empire didn’t keep expNding, which paid for much of empire.
This is what can happen if the politicians are inept.
Um Im confused im crying over a essay I have to write
404 *date not found Ded
Is this the way history is taught in the top boarding/Prep schools like Andover, Exeter, St. Pauls, Choate, etc? While in the regular schools of the general public it is never truly broken down and explained like this? Youtube is doing what my shitty ass school never did.
This is easily the best historical site on utube . More reality/facts in 10mins than others manage in an hour . No nonsense or BS ???
"He retired and by that I mean he died"
Maybe you could talk a little faster.
I just saw your Twitter. I live in Cambridge too!
7:22 Ten Minute History's new tagline
Rome was also used as a basis for many of our modern laws and legal system.Their Architecture was also influential and can still be seen to this day.I'm a carpenter who worked in the trades my whole life and I doubt any of the big projects I worked on will still be here or be admired 100 years from now let alone several thousand years from now.
Do the second sino japanese war
Clickbait 9:59 not 10:00
Press F to respect
Nepos held out in Illyria for 5 or so years though
Finally
The first video of yours I was your second video and I don't think I can get enough of your channel it's actually one of my favourite history channels out here.
Do one about the rise of Rome, and furthermore, I consider that Carthage must be destroyed.
I love this episode!!! p.s. You guys should do an episode on the Third Century Crisis.
404: date not found. Quite the reference kkk
The RCC. Enough said.
Then everything got better. I lied. He died soon after by murder. He celebrated with death
Whats up with the decreasing views last weeks/months? Something with the infamous youtube algorithm? Or something else we don't know? Shame to see this channel, who puts alot effort to teach us history, like this.
404 gladiators not found
You didn’t really give Stilicho the justice he deserves. The man was everywhere serving and emperor who couldn’t read or write properly. Stilichos daughter married him and his death I believe was the accidental suicide of the WRE.
Rome definitely wasn't the largest city by this point. It's population was plummeting
My dicks small.
Really wish you would do more episodes on Rome.I just find their history so fascinating and interesting!
Great, im crying now.
I would like to recommend the book "How Rome Fell" by Adrian Goldsworthy. Very nice read imo
Fall of Constantinople next!
Fantastic as always.
* data not found
so two in a row about world history, does that mean British is coming again soon?
the fall of rome is so surreal. Thanks for the video.
Da pacem, Domine, in diebus nostris.
JUSTINIAN
Just bought Dharma and playing a Byzantium run. For the Glory of Rome!
error 404: gladiatorial combat not found
ROMA INVICTA
Get ready America. If we aimlessly tear ourselves apart, making ourselves appear weak to outsiders, keep bumbling along with no long term plan, allow our infrastructure and services to continually fall into disrepair, and continue to ignore the growing wealth gap between classes then we may very well face a civil war as bad as this. I'm not sure we'll have invasions by groups of people like this, but it's conceivable.
BEGONE GOTH
LMFAO the horses ?????????? They're perfect
Some of the information here is false. Emperor Diocletian split the administration of the empire into east and west, not Theodosius. And the eastern half of the empire lasted until the fall of Constantinople in 1453.
"He died… of being murdered" Rome in a nuttshell
I meet a lot of people who dislike and dont know history because throughout school they had bad teachers. And although you do a lot of name dropping for a ten minute video I firmly believe that everyone who is a "noob" in history would remmeber something from the video. It is done in a professional and entertaining manner and graphics fit perfectly with style of the story telling. Hats off to you sir
Atilla: Hun-ey I’m home!! One of Atilla’s Wives: Yes? Atilla: Do you get it? One of Atilla’s Wives: What? Atilla: Hun-ey, you know course we’re Huns? One of Atilla’s Wives: I still don’t get it. Atilla: Nevermind, I’m gonna go kill some more Romans.
404 'date not found' Bloody hell ????
Fall of west rome you mean
But after 404...*Date not found. chuckles Love it. :)
Funny that we call this the fall of “Rome”
these help me so much in school thank you!! PS today is the anniversary of North Korea so i'd love to see The Korean war
The fall of Rome makes me shed a tear every time. :’(
Date not found. Love it :)
"My hands are tied" shows him holding a sign and no rope
He is risen!
We have horse!
14bc-476ad? Shouldn't it be 27bc-476ad
Hi
You die now
You're gonna sit there, with a straight face, and tell me it took 100 years for Rome to fall. No. Took 3 months.
I said it once and I'll say it again. Horses= ??
5 minute history!?
People forget how fucking long Rome lasted. A country that big and diverse has rarely lasted as long.
I highly recommend the YouTube channel "the fall of rome". It's a small chanel but it is run by a historian.
Hilarious and informative as always. Thanks.
I feel bad for the Flavius Stilicho guy now.
When someone sais that Christianity ruined the roman empire on its own...
Fuck Valentinian
Even today nations aspire to be like Rome. I wonder if our civilization will inspire future ones as much.
Hold up this is fake news, It's only 9:59 not 10:00.
7:29 Switzerland neutral as always!!
HORSES!
Horseeeeeeees!!!
Caesar Augustus looking at a ruined Rome in 476: YOU MANIACS! YOU BLEW IT UP! AH, DAMN YOU! GOD DAMN YOU ALL TO TARTARUS!!!
I like how you use horses now
Let’s be honest. The western roman empire fell because of immigrants who didn’t want to integrate
Moral of the story: Outsourcing soldiers is a terrible idea
The title alone brought me to tears.
Fall of Mongol Empire? With breakup of Golden Horde and Illkhanate. Red Turban Rebellion. And rise of Timur and Moghulstan.
This video is so sad
oh i love your dry wit so so much
Where’s that mongol episode?
it was pretty much a sure thing when they abandon their religious roots one of the key things that made them Romen from their they stopped gladiator games witch inspired strength that was gone after with Christianity and made them relay on barbarian cause a barbarian and Roman both can be christian and that's what made their end inevitable. cause Romen archaic religion was the foundation of the mos maiorum, "the way of the ancestors" or simply "tradition", viewed as central to Roman identity. During the transition to the Christian Empire, Quintus Aurelius Symmachus argued that Rome's continued prosperity and stability depended on preserving the mos maiorum, and the early Christian poet Prudentius dismissed the blind adherence to tradition as "the superstition of old grandpas" (superstitio veterum avorum) and inferior to the new revealed truth of Christianity.
Another great documentary. You are truly talented
My life is enriched by the sarcasm and laconic humour in these videos.
Good thing Italians are done with the whole violent imperialism thing, huh?
You meant Constantine the Great.
Im disappointed that Attilla didnt die with a horse
"Xeno would of course have other plans" Xeno: I have other plans The best
you should do an episode on Justinian
If you are worried about the age of "The World of Late Antiquity" I highly recommend Brown's latest publication on the subject: "Through the Eye of a Needle: Wealth, the Fall of Rome, and the Making of Christianity in the West 350–550 AD" It contains some important updates, chief among those being the notion that the barbarian invasions were a scapegoat conjured by Roman writers. The barbarian proto-kingdoms did play a part in Rome's downfall of course, but more through drawing talented romans away from Imperial courts to their own and thus becoming a valid alternative to the Respublica.
+1 for the hopping horses. Can't wait for the Mongol Empire episode.
This one was bit late but a good one
You forgot to mention about the rump state of soissons up north? The piece of normandy around 476 AD
The first episode featuring horses
This is your best one yet.
A new video on a Sunday! Great!
What is your opinion about calling the part of the empire centred on Constantinople the Roman Empire after the city of Rome was captured by Odoacer? I continue to call it the Roman empire until 1453 until obviously the Turks have a say in that idea. And I have conflicting views about other potential Roman emperors too, like if Charlemagne should be called Roman (he did have control over the physical Rome eventually).
More please
Error 404: Entertainment not found.
Rome Have a Bad century !
When u gonna finish the British series
‘We gave it a go’
RIP Western Roman Empire, you will not be missed.
History's repeating itself
The iron age collapse
It wouldn't be a 10 minute history video if at least one guy runs from left to right on fire. I also love the new touch of horses running from left to right while facing forward.
Another book recommendation, "The Fall of Rome" by Adrian Goldsworthy. Basically a detailed history of the Roman Empire from the death of Marcus Aurelius to the death of Justinian I.
could you make a video specifically about the japanese war ??
I don't know why but the way you drew the huns eyes creeps me out
Sassanid empire , sassanian dynasty
I think it's worth mentioning now and then that Theodosius didn't come up with the idea of dividing the Empire. During the 4th century, the periods when the Empire was not divided were the exception (326-337 under Constantine, 353-364 under Constantius II, Julian, and Jovian, and only 392-394 under Theodosius), usually along very similar lines. The division between Arcadius and Honorius just happened to be the last one.
it's geiseric not geinseric
I saw the first version
Roma Invicta! But fun fact: No
3:05 HORSE!!!!
What happened with the British history?
I love your videos but I am confused as I thought you'd be continuing the British history series?
"With Stilicho a bit on the dead side." LOL
barbarbarbarbarbarbarbarbarbarbarbarbarbarbarbarbarbarbarbarbarbarbarbarbarbarbarbarbarbarbarbarbarbarbarbarbarbarbarbarbarbarbarbarbarbarbarbarbarbarbarbarbarbarbarbarbarbarbarbarbarian
Great video! It is incredibly difficult to put the very complicated process of the fall of the roman empire in 10 minutes, but you did a good job! At 4:30 you mention the Romano British asked the roman empire for defence against the celtic raids. Dont you mean Germanic raids? The Saxons raided Britain the most, and it isn't sure if the Picts were celtic either. Furthermore it is interesting to think about why the Romans needed to put barbarians at their borders to defend them. 2 centuries earlier they fought stronger barbarians and were able to repel them successfully. You don't give much background to Alaric and his Goths but it is important to know the roman problems had started before this.
Wow this is a great video, keep up the awesome work!!! ??????
Salazar's Portugal please
Why re upload?
Those horses are terrifying
I like anyone who hold signs, so I can understand it. Nice videos Ten Minute History?? Second comment: When is the Mongol Empire video releasing?
I love the dry humor. It's how I talk about history too. 'Everyone died, and there was finally peace.' 'No. That was a lie.' Also... HORSES! Whew hoooooo!
Really tho Last time i was this early British monarchs considered abdication
This is what happens when you ally with people who don’t cook their meat
YAAAAY ! :D
I don’t have very many good things in my life right now but whenever I see a notification for one of your videos I know for at least a few minutes I have a reason to smile.
My favorite history channel!
My favorite part is whenever someone holds a Soon sign.
(???,)
I’m back bitches
Aw yeah, I've been waiting for this one!
Why reupload?
Whats up with the reupload
I liked the first version more
Uh ok
Hello