The crooked "E"
Enron sounds like L. Ron. Therefore Scientology is a rip off. Change my mind.
Twenty 0 6
1.25X
Great movie!
lol his subscribers are at 401k right now xD
Could you do a video on WorldCom? It is regarded almost synonymously with Enron in the accounting world in terms of fraud that would go on to change the landscape of public accounting and financial reporting.
Can we get an Arthur Andersen video
Well now I understand that Robin Williams joke about Arthur Andersen ??????
There is no such thing as lost money. Someone made money. And probably a LOT of it.
do something on dot com bubble stuff. like pets.com
What was their real number? You didn't show their stats number. This was a sort of ELI5, a bit desappointed.
Chanos is said to make a killing shorting Enron stock.
Read the book...
"We play by all of the rules. We stand by our word. We mean what we say. We say what we mean." - an asshole
Perfect informative vid.
I'd be interested in your take on the rise of Qualcomm and their current controversy with monopolization and licensing practices
Twenty O one? Wtf thats fucked up man, its two thousand and one!
I rarely celebrate someone’s death but with Ken Lay I did, he and Skilling caused huge personal harm to thousands of regular employees, they triggered divorce, bankruptcies and suicides. I hope his heart attack was painful and terrifying to him. They represent the perils of ultra capitalism where greed is not just good but justifies deception and theft.
The video really starts at about 4:30, everything before that is padding to hit 10 minutes. You're welcome
Please do a video on marchFirst...
I wonder if Jeff Skilling's brother will get him a job as a coffee boy at WGN TV when he gets out of jail
Lay and Skilling were lying sacks of shit that encouraged a culture of evil corruption.
I'm addicted to your videos lol.
They made so many laws after all of this. Now accounting is alot harder and the standards change constantly. You can have studends only one year apart and all of them will be practicing diffrent GAAP. It sucks as a student, you might be taking accounting one, next semester you have to relearn how to do somthing because they decided the last way wasnt transparent enough. This is supper annoying and i want to smash my head through a window more then i want to even when im making a statement of cash flows.
Damn i want to subscribe but the thing im intersted in you only made 2 videos for this one and the bernie madoff
0:00 "this is the most complicated shit ever" aand it's just a ponzi scheme
Does the E in Enron remind anyone of the E in Evil Corp in Mr. Robot?
I'm willing to bet most people under the age of 25 don't remember the Enron scandal.
Fuckers got my college money...
Houston was devastated because of this... it’s influenced our culture and infrastructure. The building is now occupied by chevron
Thanks Obama
You sound like Walter Jr from Breaking Bad
3:04 Just shut up and take my money! lol
President George W. Bush’s close personal friendship with Ken Lay is one of the reasons why I’ll always harbor a dislike for him. As Enron was responsible for a long series of rolling blackouts in California in 2000, the electricity bills of the state’s residents went through the roof. The cost of electricity was too expensive and the blackouts ultimately cost the state $30 billion. Energy executives and California’s governor knew something was wrong and so too did President Bush who publicly stated that the best way to manage that crisis was to be good citizens. Translation: “California is a blue state so why should a Republican bother to help?”
We have a former Arthur Andersen employee on our team and she is the most difficult person I've ever had to work with by a WIDE margin
I hate it when my 'mircophone' is too high.
I watched that movie at school
The Great Depression comes to mind. So much wrong doing and all the changes - Yeah, right
I would say no because they were closed down in 2007 3:00 Also no company expands that fast or booms that fast...
Work a few normal jobs, don't party, don't spend and you'll be a millionaire by your 30s, and stay away from women.
I hope if I was asked by my investor about getting Enron stock I would've said "Nah, gimme some of that Apple stock, and maybe some in this Amazon bookstore thing"
I like whoever this company man is and his videos but the background music in this video sucks
its not "twenty oh-one" you weird fuck. It's "two-thousand one". Say it like a normal human
"Two thousand one", "Two thousand six" Sorry, don't mean to be a jerk.
My professor just played your vid for the whole class as part of his lesson. Props!
Hi! I work at EY. More specifically, the Assurance area. That means I'm an auditor. So I have a small correction to make: Contrary to popular belief, auditors don't chase fraud. We don't actually care about it. We only have one procedure to detect fraud (Journal Entries) and even it isn't guaranteed to work every time. An auditor job is to cross a company internal financial and accounting records. If both say the same thing, we sign on to those records. There are SOC audits (System and Operation Controls) that audit the inner functioning of the company. The main thing is, we work on the assumption that the company isn't lying to us. And 99% of the time, they aren't. Auditors work based on materiality and sampling. We don't go through every account and record to look for fraud. That is why you will never see an auditor to guarantee 100% accuracy on our statements. We only guarantee "an reasonable level of accuracy". A 100 billion company can have a few million not accounted and be completely ok for it's auditors because it's not material.
TL;DNR they lied their tits off.
Sounds like Sal O’nella
Enron fucked California bad.
I still remember the rolling blackouts here in Cali in the early 2000s from the mismanagement of power due to Enron's tactics.
Capitalism DOES NOT WORK!
Do the Hudson’s Bay Company! They have such a cool history and we’re one the largest landowner in the world.
Here's a video idea: the Bre-X scandal. It was a Canadian mining company that specialized in gold and other precious metals. They claimed they had aquired the minera l rights somewhere (I think it was in Tailand, but my memory might be wrong). The company's geologist claimed that the area was tbe highest consentration of gold he ever saw. The company's shares sky-rocketed. Then, the news leaked that the geologist was completely wrong, and the shares dropped below 5 cents.
I know Republicans will howl to the moon, but you see the answer to this is GOVERNMENT REGULATION of the right kind. Imagine if the government had said "no you don't get to pick who does your audit. there are five major firms. they will each do your audit every year in turn". As I learned from watching "The Big Short" if a rating agency or accounting firm has an incentive to lie to appease their clients, they will. Forcing rotation will ensure they can do their job, because they know they will get paid even if they tell the truth.
Just bought some blockbuster stock!!!
Big oof
Enron & 9/11 are connected...
Honestly
I want to commit fraud too!!!
The documentary about this company was incredible! I couldn't believe the turn of events. I don't think the best writers in Hollywood could have done better.
rambling presentation
The audit firms should be criminally liable for any variances or discrepancies of the financial and managerial accounting of the companies they audit.
The Enron Scandal was used to drive up the cost of Electricity; any thing else loss or gained was just a side show.
twenty-O 1 that kills me a bit XD still an interesting video
After Enron, Lehman Brothers. When Fortune says you’re a top company, you’re a scam.
I used to work at a chemical plant and Enron had a unit in our facility. When this all went down, we watched them all walk out with their belongings. Was really sad to watch so many people lose their jobs and pensions.
Jeff Skilling got out of prison today. Thought you might want to know.
Crazy to think that there are kids learning this in high school today who weren't even alive when it happened. I remember the problems with the power grid that summer. There were ripple effects along the entire Western grid. Seattle's skyscrapers turned out their lights at night that year to conserve power.
Ah, the good old days when Company Man called the years by their correct names..
You said "twenty oh one" and "twenty oh six" instead of "two thousand and..." lol what a goof
my grandparent invested with them. and got fucked over by them. i still have some coffee cups and pens somewhere.
Hopefully Arthur Anderson auditors that are responsible did some time.
@8:22 Twenty oh six? Do you mean two thousand and six? Back to high school for you.
"20 year contract with blockbuster" Lmao
Got a "get rich quick" scam commercial during this video. The irony...
One can say a major part of the scandal has to do with stock manipulation. A number of inside executives probably knew what was happening. They were first to own Enron stock and first to exit before the big downward spiral and made millions in profits. The rest who didn't sell in time lost their investments.
Enron makes me look like Mother Teresa!! - Lucifer
Enron is exactly what you get when you give big business exactly what they want and what they all want is to do whatever they want when they want with absolutely no oversight.
I live in Houston and I knew 2 people who work there and they told me it was great to work there before the collapse
If it sounds too good to be true, it probably is.
What was the Jewish role in this?
Something went enron-g
My porn name is Ken Lay
Twenty-oh-one? wtf ??
Another brilliant video, I have 2 questions - 1. Didn't Enron realize that putting fake numbers in their books, etc crash someday.. There is no way out of it? 2. Were the audit company CEO punished? Given jail time? Anything?
I seen the movie, it’s a good one. Also check out “the big short” about the housing market bubble. Good work man, new sub
M. Yass
I'm sorry, I fell asleep through most of this video.
didn’t they buy a nuclear reactor in india or something?
This review is very partisan
As someone going to school for forensic accounting, this is so fucking interesting to me. Great video.
THE GAIN ON THE MICROPHONE IS TOO HIGH!!!!!!!! OMG OMG OMG WTF
bruh whats ya accent?
I bet on Blockbuster back in the time they did this deal with Enron. I thought streaming + brick and mortar locations would make it much better than Netflix at the time. It's unfortunate that Blockbuster went under but Redbox and Netflix thrived.
Read the book while in prison, I think it was something like a 1500 pages, god it was dull but man was it crazy to watch it burn to the ground. Feel very bad for the employees
Nortel Networks would have never gone bankrupt if not for Enron. The Enron scandal freaked out and scared the board of directors of Nortel Networks. So they hired a law firm, WilmerHale, to check over the books. In about a month WilmerHale came to the wrong conclusion that the books were cooked. The CEO and CFO were then fired and were charged with fraud. This ultimately led the stock to crash and for everyone(customers, creditors, investors...) to loose confidence in the company. Thus Nortel went bankrupt. Several years later the CEO and CFO were found innocent of all charges that had been brought against them.
Great video but I had to watch this on 1.25x speed ??
My mom worked at Arther Anderson
I'm going to call it now - Tesla is showing a LOT of signs that Enron had in the late 90s & early 2000s.
Let me guess...company man is a CPA
Do you think 9/11 was created to divert attention from this and how a trillion was missing from the octagon?
“Twenty oh-one”
Enron Ascending: the Forgotten Years will be published next month covering the beginning of Ken Lay's career as CEO through 1996. Some surprises about how precarious Enron was during the Lay\Kinder era.
E. Corp (Mr.Robot)
Can you discuss Goldman Sachs?
Soo, what's the song playing throughout the video?
Can you name a single crime committed by Arthur Andersen? Because 9 Justices on SCOTUS said they didn’t commit any. Just curious.
Not really complicated it’s very simple. They changed the laws LITERALLY - they actually didn’t break any law. They just rigged the rules & completely manipulated the rules of accounting BUT were completely within “the law”. They did legally bribe elected officials by giving their spouses high money contracts. BUT that’s NOT illegal.
Enron was basically run by criminals. A close friend worked for Ma Bell, (AT&T), for 30 years, and was hired away by Enron to be a mid-level manager. He took his SBC, (one of the Baby Bells), retirement in a lump sum, over $400,000.00, and was convinced by Enron to put it ALL into Enron stock, (just before the crash). Yep, he lost his entire life’s retirement over-night. I also worked for SBC at the time as a power tech, and Enron was our power provider. As Enron started going under, they told the upper SBC management that if SBC would use its Emergency Generators to produce our own office power, Enron would pay us for every KW we generated, then they could sell the power that we would have used, to other customers. Of course this would have been VERY illegal, because SBC was only licensed to generate power in case of a power outage. When an SBC executive sent an E-mail out asking all power techs how much fuel we had on hand to generate our own power, (and get paid by Enron), I forwarded that E-mail to the our local Air Quality District, and THE CRAP HIT THE FAN! When the dust finally settled, SBC got a reaming by the Air Quality people, and did not follow through with Enron’s hair-brain, (and highly illegal), scheme.
These theives should have been murdered. So many people lost everything because of them.
Enron: The Smartest Guys in the Room is one of the most fascinating documentaries I've ever watched. My capstone made it required viewing.
I love videos like this. Content made for adults with a working brain.....not like pewdiepie....and sorry for comparing this amazing channel with that content cesspool. Keep up the great work.
Well-structured, informative videos with nice background music. You just got a new sub.
Aannd it's gone!
E Corp
what the heck is a mircophone??
"IT'LL NEVER HAPPEN AGAIN" Fast forward about 7 years to the 08 collapse "SHIT WHAT ARE THE ODDS" I hate people sometimes.
“twenty oh six”
Crikey....Even after watching this and having lived through the scandal, seeing Ken Lay making his pitch in the final moments of this video has me wanting to dig up his carcus in hopes he's still alive to find out what new investment strategies he has. He was quite the bullshit artist. Totally believable even after the fact.
The Enron scandal makes for a good reminder of how easily corruption can run deep, far, and fast.
I thought ENRON was a rapper... it sounds like a rapper name! “Hey man! I’m gonna go see an Enron concert on Friday!”
Twenty-oh one? Seriously?
couldn't you find a better song for the video? jeezzzzz 10 min listening the same rhythm.. like 80s porn. damnn..
Evil corp
Do a video on Takata airbags! The worlds LARGEST recall almost 5 million airbags recalled, 3 high executives have been jailed due to neglect
Please do a video on Takata airbags!!!
PWC is a piece of shit shady accounting firm too...they pulled the same scam in India with satyam computers...almost like a blueprint of Enron... But got away Scot free... They still operate unhindered & god knows how many such scams they're helping pull off currently!!
What does Enron mean?
Biggest bankruptcy, eh? Oh boy were they wrong.
10 Minutes was 9:30 too long. They were allowed to do "mark to market" accounting. Count your potential profits 10 years from now on this year's tax return. Bush, Clinton, Bush 43...all the same. They allowed it. Corporations aren't the problem. The fucking government is the problem! But let's pass gun laws that allow the gov't to take citizens' guns, cuz that'll give the gov't less power, right? Dumb ass fuckin liberals
"well respected, has incredible revenue growth, low debt, and a solid history of unheard stock growth" Me: Incredible as in not credible, as in not to be believed; unheard of growth because it shouldn't be possible for a company to grow that quickly - seems a bit suspicious... "and if you said no, that's a foolish answer at the time" Me: If it sounds too good to be true, it probably is.
bush started selling his stock before the enron crisis. i call it BUSHRON
So many enrons still exist. I work for one.
can you do one of TD (Toronto-Dominion) bank
I am a day trader. And I have been investing the last 4 years. Tge question is How does Enron make money? How. Dont give me the oversimplified amswer. But describe to me in depth and detail how do they make money? In Enrons case nobody knows. Hmmmm seems to good to be true. I think I will short Enron amd buy some put options no need to hedge against them. They are Enron. They cant even tell you how they make money.
everyone knows ken lay is not dead. he is partying on some carribean island with whitman, price, and haddad
So mark to market is just lying.....just posting fake numbers right?
I remember Lewis Black has a really good joke about Enron. (Don't remember the exact wording so I might be paraphrasing a bit.): If you have a company... and you can't explain in one sentence, what it does... it's illegal.
To be honest, "Enron - The smartest guys in the room" shows it's age a bit in it's understanding of the scandal (which was fairly recent at the time of the documentary's production) If you're interested in getting a more comprehensive understanding of the events, I recommend reading "Conspiracy of Fools."
I point out that Ken Lay died on an island so he got off
I liked the video, but what I was hoping for was an in depth explanation of how Enron manipulated the California Energy market. Starting with 1) Enron's core business: Natural gas, and expansion into energy trading. -> https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Enron 2) The changes in Californian law: Partial deregulation (California) vs Full Deregulation (Pennsylvania) - https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/California_electricity_crisis#Effects_of_partial_deregulation and the parts of the law that other states had that California did not. - California lacked a California Electricity First policy, where generators of electricity could sell to other states, but first had to meet California's energy needs. - Like every other state that deregulated. 3) Yes, Megawatt laundering, Over scheduling, and Market manipulation: However no one delved into how/why Enron controlled not only the price of Electricity, but the price of Natural Gas, and How the increased price of natural gas (manipulated by Enron and other Natural gas pipeline owners) unlocked price caps on the whole sale market. 4) Also which other companies had to help Enron achieve this: * El Paso Corp. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/El_Paso_Corp.#Criticism * Reliant Energy: http://articles.latimes.com/2005/aug/16/business/fi-reliant16 * Dynegy: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Dynegy#Dynegy_history & https://www.bizjournals.com/houston/stories/2002/11/18/weekinbiz.html * Duke: https://www.nytimes.com/2002/09/18/us/california-power-failures-linked-to-energy-companies.html * Other companies: http://www.sandiegouniontribune.com/sdut-energy-crisis-reparations-2014jun18-story.html * Other sources: https://www.pbs.org/wgbh/pages/frontline/shows/blackout/ 5) Or the bankruptcies of SCE - Southern California Edison: https://www.nytimes.com/2001/04/07/us/california-s-largest-utility-files-for-bankruptcy.html & https://www.elp.com/articles/print/volume-79/issue-11/features/industry-news/southern-california-edison-dodges-bankruptcy-bullet.html 6) Near bankruptcy of PG&E - Pacific Gas and Electric: https://www.nytimes.com/2001/04/07/us/california-s-largest-utility-files-for-bankruptcy.html & https://www.sfgate.com/news/article/PG-E-Files-for-Bankruptcy-9-billion-in-debt-2933945.php & https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Pacific_Gas_and_Electric_Company#Bankruptcy 7) Or how SDG&E - San Diego Gas & Electric avoided the financial harms that came to PG&E and SCE: https://www.reuters.com/article/us-california-electricity-ferc-ruling-idUSBRE87Q13K20120827 8) Or How a minor player in electricity market of California, Enron, could manipulate the market owning PGE - Portland General Electric - https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Portland_General_Electric 9) Or how California's Energy prices were linked with A) Not In My Back Yard, attitude B) Drought in the Pacific North West, C) California's reliance on Energy imports. 10) Or how the California Energy Crisis happened during Winter in California, when they had excess generating capacity. Anyways, Enron: The Smartest Guys in the Room was an excellent movie, but they didn't dig deeper into the reasons why California was ripe for manipulation. PBS Frontline: Black Out California Energy Crisis did a pretty good job in film, but online is where it really thrived. Anyways, I hope this actually gets read at some point by someone, and do your own research. I think you will be blown away how simplified the movie's explanation is. 11) They didn't even explain which wall street firms helped Enron created the "Black Box" or what the "Black Box" actually did for Enron.
Watch Enron. The smartest guys in the room. It’s soo good. And u see how shady they really were.
Thank you for you video. I have never heard of mark-to-market accounting until now. I am not finish with learning accounting but i was taught accrual and cash accounting was mention.
Yes and no. If you look at the pre 2001 paperwork from enron then sure they looked good. If you asked what they did not so much. It was a hollow shell. They didn't produce anything. They didn't provide anything. They sold others services at a markup. The granddaddy of all middle men. So what did enron do? They were the front end for other companies just dead weight to be cut.
What company was more fraudulent, Enron or BreX?
9/11 attacks happened to destroy all the Enron evidence the Feds had stored in WTTC 7. Bush was VERY connected to all this. Trump. Knows and he is going to disclose the entire Scandal soon.... Very very soon.
Please do a Video with Bright sun films on his bankrupt series or your what happened series
It was Walpole.
Comment on anything? It's "two thousand six," not "twenty oh six." I have heard people say "oh six" for brevity, but you really don't accomplish a syllable reduction saying "twenty oh six," do you? Instead it just sounds dumb.
Why were the people that profited from the dirty dealings not required to repay the people who lost their pension money and the investors who got cheated?
Expect further scandals from the fracking industries who have been issuing huge amount of debt to cover their losses. Some of this debt goes well into the 2020's with no guarantee that oil will still be being produced. So how are they going to meet their debt obligations. Also our friend Donald is deregulating banks so expect even more scandals on the finance side. The World is perched on a huge debt bubble - it's going to go bang very soon.
KPMG is going the same way
So I'm not a financial person, but from what I understood of this video: Enron promised to mow the yard, but only filled up the mower before getting tired. They then claimed that since the smallest first part of the chore was done, the whole yard was basically done. They also claimed the yard would always be mowed in the future, because their imaginary friend had agreed to take over the chore. I know that's a gross oversimplification, but did I get the gist?
I'm sure Trump will hire that guy when he gets out of prison next year...
At least they had a good logo
Enron: "We are on the side of angels"
The short answer is that they "cooked the books." But that's not accurate. What they did was not report the hundreds of millions they were spending on paying people with stock options. This was 100% legal and when Congress considered changing this rule there was a major lobbying effort to stop it, and they were successful. So when people acted shocked about Eron's fall, it was seen years in advance and Congress allowed it to continue.
I think the first line in The Smartest Guys in the Room sums Enron to pretty well: “It had taken Enron 16 years to go from $10 billion in assets to $65 billion in assets. It took them 24 days to go bankrupt.”
The only comment I have is that, at the end there, you said "in American history" way too many times. Love ur vids!!
Killuminadi
Much as I hate to admit it, the best, comprehensive history on the ins and outs of Enrons rise and fall is Ken Eichenwald's book. You throw words like fraud and crime around, but the sad fact of the story is that all of the "crimes" committed were technical violations of accounting limits and interpretations of arcane relationships. Just like the mortgage crisis, 99% of what they did was legal, sanctioned and even encouraged by the government. Funny how the government is never held responsible though.
Sounds like MCI. I was there near the end and got fired i was relieved and ran. All we did was lie with word play even at the lowest of sales levels.
I’d say “we can all look back on it” as an interesting example, sure, but don’t forget there are families still affected to this day by the crimes these men willingly and knowingly perpetrated - they were the major victims of this scandal and they left with, in most cases, nothing, which meant many people who were on the brink of retirement were then forced back into the workplace to work out the remainder of their years. Meanwhile people at the top, including Jeff Skilling, knew what was going on - they engineered it. And those who paid were working families, and taxpayers, electricity consumers — the general population — and they bore the brunt of the pain their actions caused. Meanwhile that piece of shit Skilling gets a reduction of his sentence while men incarcerated for far less or even in some cases, nothing at all, spend far longer in jail than he or his class ever will.
9/11 happened
That “unheard stock growth” reminds me of Boeing today. Ditto Amazon. And gosh knows how many others.
I didn't realize that Ken Lay was dead. I remember the Enron scandal as I was a freshman in high school and in one of my classes we got Newsweek and I remember reading about ti some back at the time in Newsweek.
I'm now convinced that the inspiration for Arrested Development came from the Enron scandal.
Great video. Just want to add a few points: 1. Faking revenue is a small portion of the scandal, the big part is recognizing revenue through related party transaction where the cost and loss were literally ignored. 2. Maybe it's a good idea to bring up the SOX act as a direct consequence of this scandal, which changed everything in public company financial report. Executives are now required to sign off the financial report, so in case things go wrong they cannot argue on the court that they didn't know about it, like Skilling did.
Please do not say Twenty Oh-Six. Its pronounced Two-Thousand Six
Ahhhh Conservative personal responsibility...
Jeff Skilling is my hero.
Great videos! Keep it up :) !!!!
mark to market, you are welcome
I'll tell you what happened, something went enwrong I'm sorry
You didm't explain shit. You went over a general overview, thats it mate.
I find this video very informative. Practically speaking, despite changes in rules, this type of thing can happen again and probably will. I believe there is really only one way we can really know a company is sound and not cooking it's books – dividends. Enron, I think started to pay a dividend right before everything blew up (probably as a ruse or distraction of some sort). But when you look at a company such as Coca-Cola or Procter & Gamble which have been paying dividends and raising those dividend amounts for over half a century, it means only one thing – financial soundness. Companies like Amazon and Tesla concern me. They are well respected, have lots of hype, but don't turn profits and cannot pay dividends. I hope that they don't turn out to be the next Enron.
Arthur Anderson is now Anderson Global.
see www.apfn.org/apfn/rule.htm
Then they formed EOG...at least the exploration side of their energy division did.
Maybe you really watered it down,, but it doesn't sound complecated at all. They fudged there numbers to look more appeling, and opened up side companies as a type of money laundering but with debt. meanwhile lying about their profits and stocks to investors and auditors, and pocketing the money they could. Thsts not complicated to understand at all
The Smartest Guys in the Room is also a 400+ page book that goes into WAY WAY WAY more detail and is a fantastic book.
Liz phair has a song call fuck and run. The chorus is "fuck and run" But to me it always sounds like "fuck enron".
His coffin was closed... I don'r believe that Ken Ley is dead. Probably on a private island in the Grenadines with his own 5 hole golf course.. Curious that his ill gotten gains went to his family.. If I robbed a bank and died, would my family inherent the loot?
We had a family friend who had a high level position at Enron. After shit started to hit the fan, he was found dead in his car as a supposed “suicide”. Most of us who knew him have a REAL hard time buying that Suicide explanation as he just wasn’t that type of individual. We’ll never know for sure what happened but all of us believe their was foul play afoot.
Wood U invest. -Hell no, I don't trust anything that seems too good to be true Sometimes I dont reap fat cat rewards butt I also don't get sucked down I make moderate gains with low/mid risk investment spread around.
"Whenever something seems too good to be true".....
Enron for dummies
Enron was a pack of alpha males who saw what they wanted and took it. Then, of course, all the snowflakes started whining about a bunch of ham & eggers who lost their life savings--savings that amounted to peanuts in the grand scheme of things. Ken Lay is vilified for one reason and one reason alone: he was a real MAN.
Enron was a horrible company, and it somewhat destroyed the Republican Party in ways the Republican Party has yet to recover from and may never recover from.
several years ago,I was working at a Re Power Trash to energy project. the steam turbine & generator was destroyed in a fire, so my union hall called us to do the replacement, what arrived at the job site was all the necessary items to build a new power plant. along with a group of engineers from Germany's Siemens Westinghouse, because the generator,Steam turbine had to be converted to run, I had no Idea Enron had an international arm. because all the crates were stamped "Enron Panama" our joke on the job site to the German Engineers was "At least you & us Will be getting PAID ! ! ! A year later,You know what happened. As far as I know, the power plant is still running,(At least I still see steam venting from the plant that was back in the beginning of 2018
Something must’ve went en-wrong
Great video. I’ve read the Blockbuster deal rort was under a mark-to-market accounting rule but it would have been useful to describe the exact mechanism. According to the NYTimes article they “sold” the future profits and so counted it as a financial transaction and thus classified it as revenue, with AA’s approval. The bank they sold it to had a “no loss” contract so they considered it a loan. Dodgy as frig. https://mobile.nytimes.com/2002/01/30/business/enron-s-many-strands-the-accounting-fuzzy-rules-of-accounting-and-enron.html
Funny but true, upon retirement from the Armed Forces, Enron offered me a job not sure why but my gut said no and I excepted a lower paying job at another company. I might have dodged a bullet and didn't realize it because like the other employees I would have been buy the stock as well.
what's the song?
I worked for a company in 2001 that did an analysis of Enron's publicly available financial statements for the 1998, 1999 and 2000. They concluded you could not assess their financial condition. That is always a red flag, and turned out to be true. They found the same for GE and AIG, both of which like Enron were darlings on Wall Street but needed to be rescued in the financial crash. And GE has been a poor performer now for over a decade. Lesson: If you can't understand the financial condition of a company from its public records, be careful. You are buying a guess.
Crime does pay
Hey I rewatched this video cause some one on the news mentioned Enron and compared today's current Theranos scandal, its really insane how companies can get away with lying to us until hell breaks open.
Do a video on the fall of MF GLOBAL. will learn how shady democrats were under the Obama Regime by allowing the CEO off the hook because he was the former democratic NJ Governor, and OBAMA campaign contributor.
Mark to Market accounting was the beginning of the end for that company. That was when the fraud started. Then to cover up for the fraud, they fleeced California and engineered an energy shortage to drive up prices. Ultimately, even that scam came to an end and they began stashing debt in fake companies and then that scam could not keep going and the top CEO's began selling off stock.
FUCK SOX its such a pain in the ass
I highly recommend reading the book (same name as the documentary). Goes into much more detail of the rise and thundering crash of Enron
http://bit.ly/Enron_The_Smartest_Guys_in_the_Room
Might be a small/odd deal to look into but what about tech website TigerDirect and Newegg if possible.
Twenty o six ?? What the fuck
at 3:22 "practically anyone who knew anything about the stock market would say to jump on it" ... and that, right there, is crux of the problem. Everyone who invests needs to finally realize, that all the stock market is...is gambling. Stop trying to elevate it like it's something more sophisticated or certain than a casino or the horse races. There is really nothing else any deeper to it. It's legalized gambling. Period. And stock brokers are just glorified bookies who give you tips based on what they THINK they are seeing, which is not always what's actually going on. Otherwise, no broker would have advised "betting" on Enron at all. And even In horse racing, a horse might APPEAR to be the fastest horse on the track based on past performance. That won't tell you a thing about how that horse will perform on the day you finally choose place bet on it. Stock Market = Gambling.
“And Ken lay is dead”
Two things. It's shocking how many people continue to put all of their money in one thing. Secondly, I hate how the leaders of major scandals like this often only get a moderate to light prison sentence. Especially the banking leaders prior to the financial crash.
Good info!
they should be execuated for the frauid
Would have made a fortune if you shorted them
the EA scandal please
...just love your videos.. ????
blockbuster was about to beat netflix to it but they got fucked over by enron, then they went out of business
Whoa.. Enron orchestrated blackouts?? This is better than a movie
I was an employee of Northern Natural Gas Company and we purchased Houston Natural Gas because we had too much money and were a target of corporate raiders. The first name chosen for the new company was Enteron which was discovered to mean a digestive track. They decided on Enron. The new company eventually severed us from the company and we were forced to sell our Enron stock. It seemed at the time it was splitting every year. I cashed in my Enron stock and reinvested it elsewhere. Some friends of mine rolled over their 401k’s back into Enron. They lost everything. I had 1/2 half of a share that eventually was worth about 1200 dollars. I never did sell that share and it went down to about a buck. I still remember Kenneth Lays wife on television complaining because they had to sell one of their homes in Vail. Unfortunately Lay was never sentenced because he died prior to his sentencing. He was never convicted because he was never sentenced. His number 2 Skilling is the brother of Tom Skilling a Channel 9 weatherman in Chicago. He is still in jail.
lol had to watch this again
Twenty-oh-six.
This is why I always look into someone or the company just to see if they are legit.
Something went Enwrong - Barbara Punkelman
Ken Lay and Jeff Skilling were crooked as they come. But they weren't stupid by any means. They were actually brilliant if you consider what they managed to pull off for so long. Now, if they just would have put all that brain power into running a legitimate business....
"Enron is a company . . ." [pause in which I thought, in response]: "And we are a society."
did anyone else hear him pronounce 'money' as 'mone-y?'
Sadly, the lessons of Enron didn’t stick. The next one is just waiting to happen. Makes me worry about Bitcoin.
"We mean what we say and we say what mean." Good one.
M
My mother worked for Enron. She always talked highly of the company but due to this scandal our lives and many others were changed.
My finance teacher talked about how his old boss' company made a huge investment in Enron and his logic behind was "fellas, it's Enron". And nobody could come up with any reason to not make the investment
>twenty-oh-six You mean two thousand and six?
4:04 Twenty Oh-One??
I remember the enron scandal breaking in the news in july & august of 2001, so I have the question, is it true that the paperwork/evidence for the enron collapse was kept at the offices of (iirc) the securities & exchanges commission in WTC building 7 at the time of 911 ----- as finding that george w. bush had "ties" to enron in combination with donald rumsfeldts (iirc) televised announcement of a "black hole" in the military /pentagon accounts on september 10th, either very coincidental or somewhat suspicious.
EOG....
"Twenty Oh One" that's a funny way to say 2001
That guy who didn't invest in Enron is no longer kicking himself.
There's a book called "Pipe Dreams: Greed, Ego, and the Death of Enron." Maybe it'll be a good read for y'all
What really makes the whole Enron thing disgusting is that they were turning off the power to drive up the price of electricity, and people were dying because of it. There are many tainted souls belonging to Enron...
rallys and checkers
President Bush had Ken Ley killed to cover his ass. Ken was about to blab to the feds to stay out of prison so Georgie had him killed to keep any wrongdoing he did from coming out. They made it look like a heart attack. Bush got a lot of money from Enron during his campaigns for governor and president and was close friends with Mr.ley.
Should do a video on Beaufort securities fairly recent scandal
Sounds like bitcoin and all the crypto currency crap
When your company has the nick name Crooked E perfect......there was one guy who got away and took $350million with him he is now the second largest private land owner in the state of Colorado...he left 1 year before shit hit the electric fan
Ken Lay faked his death to get out of the punishment. He bought off whoever he needed to. Absolute scum, deserving of a painful death.
The book "The smartest guys in the room: The amazing rise and scandalous fall of Enron" will give you the full scope of the fraud better than the movie or any other book. You may have to re-read the middle section involving the machinations of Enron's CFO. Very byzantine financial transactions.
Wonderfully? done..I'm going to binge watch your other videos and I subscribed... great job..
I had a session based on Enron & Arthur Enderson fraud, when I joined KPMG, and they told me about the Independence and Risk trainings, etc which is quite important for these audit firms now.
That movie you mentioned, Enron the smartest guys in the room, is beyond jaw dropping. What these guys did is almost completely inconceivable!
"You don't want another Enron? Here's your law: If a company, can't explain, in one sentence, what it does... it's illegal." - Lewis Black
Can't believe my broker (at the time) talked me into Enron and WorldCom, I was in my 20's and was hoping to make lots of money off those stocks smh
When Enron started to fall apart I had a long talk with my boss about the business aspects. Was it an innovative company that hadn't worked out? Was it a scam? And what was the difference?
I still refuse to buy into my enormous company's stock plan because of the Enron scandal. I just stick with the S&P500 index fund. If I go down, we all go down!
"In 2000, Enron signed a 20 year contract with Blockbuster." HAAAAAAHHHHHHHHH Yeah, "profits".
Do you have a video on circuit city? If not. Make one.
I must say thank you for posting this. It gives me an idea of my reaction paper in 10 minutes i have my 2 pads of reaction. Thank you.
Going through all of your videos. You do a great job! Keep it up!
Evil corp
I lost everything I had
do a video on Worldcom :D
I get perverse pleasure as a bit of an anti-capitalist watching videos of these failing enterprises.
10:25 shit like this is why nobody really cares about a company's vision or mission statement, its all just bologna to look wholesome
Valient was worse
my dad hates Enron. he's an accountant so he was mad because they caused a bunch of rule changes and stricter regulations that would effect his work and any other accountant's work
Make a video about the auto company bailouts
In twenty oh one
It's En-Enron.
Thankyou so much. This would help me a lot for my presentation!
Wait, I still don't get how people found out? What caused these shady tactics to be discovered.
Never heard of Enron
Video rated E for Enron
Energy speculation........how is that even a business?
Thanks for the info
From what I've read, George w Bush would have been in huge trouble over this if not for 9/11.
I think something went enwrong :(
the end .. lol
South sea company but in the 20th century
its crazy to think 2006 was 15+ years ago... Feels like it was 2010 was just yesterday. geez time flies.
The strict rules from the accounting errors from ENRON worked out really well for the maddoff caper :)
amazing video & channel
I had a cousin who worked at Andersen. The day they went belly up they were actually selling the furniture at their NYC offices. Ironically, because she was a singer and not someone looking to move up in the company she had a better chance to recover than others. Also there's nothing worse than to lose your name off an NYC office building.
Greek term for digestive system or intestine Eneteron, and exit of biggest scandal in america history was Shit.
The smartest guys in The room is one of my favourite documentary of all time.
Other companies were in on it and got away.
You sound like a fucking weasel
What a Bitcoin
Tesla did that same shit to hide their debts.... Tesla said they paid off their loan when they haven't even made that much money yet... do some digging and you will find that the loan wasn't paid off BUT transferred to another company....
Was Enron really bigger then Apple or Microsoft? That is what the video says right?
Didn't Kenneth Lay allegedly fake his death?
its a fascinating documentary. Well worth the watch.
I love your youtube channel, its so entertaining!
Q: When Enron closed, what was it's most valuable in-office asset? A: It's Risk Management Manual which were selling on eBay for $1,000 each.
It took down Arthur Andersen.
Twenty oh six
So basically, they pulled a lot of the tricks that other companies pull sometimes, but just went crazy with it.
They helped get rid of Governor Grey Davis, thank you Enron.
Cool logo though! Who designed it?
Ken Lay. Hope he is roasting in hell!
Thanks for this condensed version about the Enron fiasco.
If you really want an in-depth look at this company's shinanigans, give the book "Conspiracy of Fools" a read. By Curt Eichenwald. (I don't know how you spell his name and I'm too lazy to look it up) It's shocking.
spooky
All the executives involved in the scandal should have faced a firing squad for their crimes!
so kinda a off topic trading but in your mock up you use there shareholders reports as evidence to invest. wouldnt that be insider info?
I worked for Arthur Andersen, consulting division which became Accenture before the ship sank.
Its called mark to market because you're a mark if you act on it
Background music sounds like a knockoff version of Watermelon in Easter Hay, by Frank Zappa.
Please do Nortel
very well explained
someone should hire a team to eliminate ALL the enron execs. They crushed people's futures and way of life. Others at the top need to be taught a lesson.
Something went EnWrong
it was the equivalent of bitconnect
Investing in Enron the original bitcoin?
E corp
Iam a management student, I have learned that failure of expansion and lack of making strategies caused its down fall, to what extent is that true???
You should make a video on Napster
more content please... this channel is awesome. thanks in advance
What's the difference between this company and insurance companies?
I was born and raised in Houston. Despite being 13 at the time, I remember watching all of this go down as it happened. We had family friends who worked for Enron come and stay with us because they went from making upper five to lower six-figure salaries to being essentially homeless. You're right about one thing: there were many, many victims in this scandal. This was a good video and you did a job good summarizing the intensely outrageous monstrosity that was Enron.
Holy shit it's E Corp
the smartest guys in the room is one of my favourite documentaries. Enron was totally freaky crazy shit. it is amazing how they fooled and tricked the market to take it so far before collapsing. STRONGLY recomended
I was in charge of IT for a smaller energy company during this time that went down in flames as well in the aftermath due to accounting 'irregularities'. The way that Arthur Andersen operated was that if you had an auditor who got too close to the flame, you would simply complain to AA about them and they would be pulled off of your account. Our investigation resulted in a few people losing their licenses & ability to work for publicly traded companies, but stopped short of going all the way down the rabbit hole to the utility companies who were complicit...smaller version of too big to fail...too big to indict. It's disturbing to see how some people will trade their souls for dollars (executive bonuses were tied to profits, CEO was remodeling a golf course mcmansion, CFO was doing an 'Envy' converting the ranch house in his neighborhood into a mcmansion...he finally cracked when Deloitte came to town to clean up and unburdened himself...ended up losing his new job when the charges were announced). Sadly, none of this is uncommon.
I remember living in Houston when Enron fell off the cliff. Actually knew a guy that left Texaco to work for Enron two years before the disaster. He was all giddy and excited to work for them. It was sad to watch him have to pick up the pieces afterwards....
Serious question, why did Arthur Andersen get penalised so heavily when other auditors get away with this? ?? Price Waterhouse Cooper (PWC) is completely banned from auditing in India at the moment and a company they audited was fined $6bn by the SEC for their auditing practices but they still have a business. I could point to numerous other examples by the same company of course. So...what did Authur Andersen do that was so egregious? ??
How was it discovered.. Make a video pls
Do dawoo car
Something went En-Wrong
Whose history did this happen in again?
My street is named Enron st lol??
Can I blame them? Yes, greedy people deserve to lose everything. That's poetic justice. The stock market is a manifestation of that greed so anyone that invests there by choice deserves to lose everything invested. Should I also feel sorry for someone who gambles away their life savings at the craps table? Same thing.
Sounds like the South Sea Bubble (thank you Extra Credits)
I'd love to see a what happened with Home Depot and Lowe's!
Enron what happened? Criminal enterprise, run by scammers and criminals. Plain and simple The whole crew should have gone to jail.
Yeah, somthing went enwrong
All he had to say was they signed a deal with Block Buster in 2000 lol
SOMETHING WENT EN-WRONG
I actually watched that Enron movie because of you :) It was disgustingly scary.
I remember this going down, so many people were left completely ruined by this event, it was awful.
I was so frustrated by all the California blackouts I hated the whole idea of privatizing utilities.  My anger was the only thing that saved my tiny little 401k.
when i got my series 6 license we had to go over the prospectous this list the company goals and other bussiness they owns and stocks they own. eron named some of the bussiness after starwars characters ( since starwars is copyrighted the S.E.C. should of known somthing was wrong)
Gold Horseshoe loves Enron.
You should do a video on Stratton Oakmont
I'm not a financial analyst, but when I saw the size of that revenue jump between 1999 and 2000, all sorts of red flags went up going "That just can't be right. It just can't be."
You're obviously not a financial advisor (I am, fee-only, fiduciary-only). I would NEVER advise someone put a lot of money into a single company, no matter how good the company looks. Today we try not to let anyone hold more than 3-5%, at the high end, in any one company, such as Apple or Google or Amazon, even if the client is in love with the company. Better yet, we generally recommend broad index funds of various asset classes (different types of equities and debt/bonds), to get total diversification at very low cost. People who put their entire 401k in Enron were completely foolish. Good financial advisors don't condone gambling.
I just found out that Enron was based on Houston, I never knew that cause I'm from Houston!
“Let’s see how you did.” click
I remember when Enron was running those bizarre ads on TV. Even as a kid a knew the ad made zero sense.
So that's where "Evil Corp" comes from.
Bloody hell. remmember the sign (solar).Bridge
Knowing is half the battle.
A report I saw on this scandal addressed other shady practices going in within their business model itself, in which a mechanism first developed by a Harvard graduate was utilized that was on its face fallacious, but did work and generate great revenue, but only so long as the company maintained an A+ rating, and as soon as that rating moved even the smallest margin off from the top, the whole thing would crash. And there were those in the company who understood how this mechanism worked and how wreckless it was to use it given the great risk of it collapsing. They were able to use this mechanism because it was so new and hence no legal regulation had been developed to curtail its use. I wasn't aware of all the more blatant illegal practices that you described here. So you are correct, there is so much that was wrong with this company, it would be hard to tell it all in any single forum.
Entertaining and easy to understand? How about "Enron Scandal for Dummies"!
Evil corp logo
Something went Enwrong
I have literally never heard anyone say “twenty oh-one” for 2001 before
My dad knew a guy who cashed out about a week before the crash. I don't know how much he made
Favorite YouTube channel keep up the good work
Enron taught us that : Statistic never lies, but liar use statistic.
"We take your money Enron"
With your sports videos like the NBA VS. ABA and the short lived XFL! Could you do a video on the old World Hockey Association (WHA). Also, something else that is growing in Europe like crazy is Professional Darts! These would be interesting topics.
You need to do a full explanation of the accounting fraud in Washington and the federal government called baseline budgeting.
“Sell all shares of a small company called Google. It’s worthless. Invest heavily in Enron.”
cfo of enron is speaking at my school, should be interesting
Revenue "increased" by 150% from '99 to '00 and somehow that wasn't a red flag to investors or regulators.
My name nah owuwewe wowewo osas
Health South or the Collapse of Colonial Bank.
The Decline of Sears and Kmart.
Good job explaining this. I am a finance professional and I've also watched the Enron Movie, and I must say that what you have done here is a pretty decent summary/highlight of the main points. I also applaud you for constantly re-iterating that there is a lot more to the story, so people don't get fooled in to thinking that they are now experts on the matter thanks to just watching your 10-min video. New subscriber btw.
Enron and uranium one deal connection. Somewhere on the list of the guys who walked away with millions didn't just go away...
this video doesnt even talk about what happened he just keeps filibustering
Very basic and easy to understand. Good work
Something went Enwrong
Clinton's had connections to Enron. They were involved in some deal overseas and were in a separate plane when Ron Brown plane went down. Also, when someone loses money, someone else gains it. Stock market money doesn't just disappear into thin air. In flows into Simone else's hands.
1:00 Bill Wurtz can...
business as ususal in america
You might want to think about doing a segment on scandals. The top one that popped into mind is the Olympus 12.5 billion dollar scandal that spanned decades. The other "falls" would be worldcomm (Verizon), Yahoo?
This reminds me of Arrested Development
Hopefully those Arthur Anderson guys got theirs. Its my understanding that something that also brought them down is they tried to invest in India and because of corruption they lost everything and couldn't complete the project that they put so much into.
Twenty Oh One
Can you do a video on jcpenny
Listen to the way he says job
Omg i actually frikin love this channel
Due to new net neutrality rules this comment is unavailable. #savenetneutrality
What the accountants did was break the conservatism characteristic, which states expense recorded when probable and revenues only when certain or received (im an accounting student) which means Enron calculated what revenues they would make or what they did generate but not yet received (for example a phone bill, the revenue has been generated but not yet paid until the customer has paid at the end of the month) hence what they did was predic what they would make and record it as funds they have made
This is really interesting, can you do a video about Yamaichi Securities and Tobashi? :D
background music?
My uncle worked for Enron
I enjoyed this video so I went and watched that documentary he mentioned. I found it on Hulu and it was quite fascinating. The stuff about the California power crisis was mind blowing.
I'm just trying to find a Bronze video...
I remember a Chinese guy stepped out at the last Chance
FOR FUCKS SAKE MIKE STOP SAYING "TWENTY-OH-(INSERT NUMBER)". YOU SOUND LIKE A DUMBASS.
Ken Ley faked his death
Something went en-wrong
And the favorite book of the Enron executives was?  The Selfish Gene by Richard Dawkins, which shows you what a world completely devoid of Christian values looks like... so at least we can thank Enron for a terrible glimpse into hell.
Should have invested in Bitcoin
it all went enwrong
Could you do a list of the biggest business scandels
A poor idea to invest your retirement in the same company you're relying on for the here and now, regardless of how booming it is. An ode to central planning fans (Sanders, Clinton, et al) is how Enron would put California power plants offline when demand peaked in the heat of summer because government (knowing best, ha ha) allowed power providers to charge more whenever a shortage occurred. And finally, companies cooking the books like Enron actually pay taxes on their income lie.
I have a question: who was the whistle blower? How did the CEO and the other executives know to sell in 2001?
I have a question: who was the whistle blower? How did the CEO and the other executives know to sell in 2001?
Still not as complicated as the South Seas Company.
The day enron was raided and exposed ..m auditors shredded more then a 1.2 tons of paperwork ... consist of balance sheets debts and all that things ... people were not even looking at company employees were looking for shredder to shred papers
Thanks for sharing!
if there's a hell hopefully they burn in the darkest pit of it
get rid of the awful background music wtf. feels like im in a funeral
The Enron scandal is a socialist's or a communist's W. D. :P
All of the Partners involved in Enron's audits should have been indicted under RICO, had the book thrown at them, and had all of their worldly assets taken away except for the clothes on their backs. I'm glad Blockbuster went down. The few times I went there, the clerks were nasty! They didn't seem to realize that they weren't doing me a favor by waiting on me. I was doing them a favor by walking into their store. No problem, I just went to their competitors.
EOG Resources, i.e., Enron OIl and Gas still exists to this day.
What is a Enron
After Enron went under the Houston Astros held a job fair at their ballpark for the screwed over workers. The ballpark was named Enron Field. The one bill that the company paid so they could keep the naming rights. It was like one final kick to the balls for those poor people. The Astros wound up paying Enron back to get rid of their toxic name. The ballpark today is now known as Minute Maid Park.
Can you do a video on Adelphia ( my dad worked there )
Video Suggestion: "What is Accenture?"
Funny thing is , the ENTIRE STOCKMARKET is doing the exact same thing ! Only they hide it better. The us Stockmarket is basically running off confidence and ignorance of the investors. That's why it's called the bull market. Experts keep saying it can't last for a reason, soon people are gonna wise up and see that all their stocks are just paper and promises !
More enjoyable at 1.25 speed.
3:25 looks good for me 3:31 fuck
You don't know what happened to Enron? No one ever told them a bird in your hand is worth two in the bush.
Dear company man. You should do something on the Penn Central Railway. One of the biggest collapses in US industry. That will should be an interesting video.
Darn those mircophones! (0:08)
Enron.. entertaining and easy to understand... alright i have my guy
... and Ken Lay is dead.
This was a well explained and very informative video. Great job!????
American History...
Informeded decisions?
I will tell you what happened something went enwrong.
0:34 pretty good film.. I do remember "that long ago" and they had their theoretical ideas about expanding the Internet through data traffic on the power grid, which was definitely creative but as we've seen.. not viable..
XFL would be a good one
They were earning huge profits by remaining true fair and honest. If they hadn't done any fraud it might become the world's BIGGEST giant uptill now.
Remember when Playboy did "Women of Enron"? They weren't that bad. Im pretty sure they all got spray-tanned before the shoot. Lol
So what I'm hearing is that unprecedented growth and a lack of clarity on what a company actually does are gigantic red flags going forward.
Buy options or stop loss orders. This limits your losses.
Can you maybe do a video on the decline and fall of Pan Am?
Seems like Financial advisors forgot about the rule TGTBT.
The whole USA is corrupt.
What about a video about the housing bubble?
My landlord had a butcher shop with 6 employees. It was forced out of business by enron's outrageous electricity prices and the blackouts. One blackout cost $5000 in spoiled product.
They cost Grey Davis the 2004 election
When you were acting as a Financial Advisor... ...were you being a Fiduciary?
Thank you for this video, but did you seriously just say "Twenty-O-One"? No. Two-thousand One.
More like. En Wrong... I’ll show myself out.
The moment I heard financial advisor I was like, let me see your credentials and check your history to see if its legit and anything you say is legit
do pricewaterhousecoopers
This guy is a liiiiittle bit annoying.
So magically fast growing company with almost no debt and a nebulous purpose that no one really knows? And you are telling me no one was suspicious?
I remember the power outages in California when I was a kid in school. Our state had a budget crisis from all of the debt it accrued trying to procure emergency electrical power from neighboring states' grids. It was over a year before we found out that it was because of Enron's market manipulation, and then it was too late to get compensation, because the company evaporated.
What's the music you used during the video?
How exactly is "Some shady guys took advantage of lax laws to cook their books, boosting their gains and hiding their losses/debt, and bribed the inspectors to keep it all under the rug." hard to explain or complicated?
'Enron is a company. We do what we say. Say what we do.' Promises, promises.
Company Man. Could you do a video on Lehman Brothers? Thanks
Sounds like something went enWRONG I'm sorry.
I would not call this an interesting scandal. This really hurt millions of people.
So they were like a modern South Sea Company (though maybe not that crazy)? Interesting.
Not only American history, world history in general.
Anybody in the stock market never put over 10% of your investment into one company.
tbh I kinda wanna meet the enron guy when they get out of prison
My parents had some Enron stock. Not too much though, when it busted they lost about two weeks wages. I can remember when it busted, interesting business.
Ah, Enron. That thing I hear about that I have no idea what it is . Hahah. Was born in '92.
This video is well done. I just subbed.
Imagine if it was real though. The economy would be great. I hope
My uncle lost close to 500k he died damn near broke I hope the all go to hell the bastards
I can recall when Enron went bust, a friend of my mothers was on the front page of the Houston Chronicle due to him losing everything.
If I remember there were some that sounded the alarm because no matter how good the books looked, no one was able to find out how they were making money. There was no identifiable business plan.
I really enjoy watching your videos. Looking forward to new videos.
I felt bad for the employees who not only lost their job but their retirement also...Ken Lay got off easy
Jeff Skilling is a huge POS. At least Ken Lay had the decency to die. He'll be released in 2019. If I were him, I wouldn't feel safe for the rest of his life with all the people he wronged possibly looking to get even.
It's hard to trust big business. They know the game a whole lot more than the average joe. Investing for most of us would be akin to learning poker from a card shark. Good thing I have no money to invest.
The book is waaaaaaay more detailed. Read that instead.
This video was on my home page and I instantly subscribed to your channel
Check out Enron commercials on YouTube. So cool in that era.
The book "The Smartest Guys in the Room" is terrific. It's a must read if you want to know more about Enron.
Ken Lay's "death" was awfully suspicious. We never did get to see the body.
Hi " Company Man" - I am not a business man but this is now my favorite YT channel. I just finished watching. "ENRON - The Smartest Guys in the Room", Netflex./ Still a complex issue to understand. But maybe: I think a high school accounting student could have seen this coming. Gary ??
Hey Company Man you should do a video about Orion Films
I will never forgive that company for what they did to California.
but did they earn 100 million from the deal?
That's a really nicely made thumbnail.
Thxs !!! for this video I knew about the scandal but never knew what exactly happened
The part where Enron went into business with Blockbuster for bandwidth and Internet Streaming. If Blockbuster would've went into streaming instead of staying with brick and motors, would Enrons predictions for their mark to market helped them from going under or were they in too deep over their heads?
I REALLY like how you proposed the challenge yourself to provide a Youtube video to explain what happened with Enron. That to me takes guts and passion rarely found for other investigative journalism. I saw MBNA as #3 on that magazine list and worked there for 10 years. Anyone who worked at MBNA knows why the company was ranked so highly because of the CEO's positive & Customer-focused ethics policies. The message got diluted in middle & lower management perhaps. I'd really like to see your take on MBNA. I'd be glad to collaborate in order to bring to light such an epic corporation.
Of course many of the people responsible walk away with millions with nothing, but a slap on the wrist. This wouldn't be the biggest financial scandal though. That goes the 2008 housing crash.
Do one on Bernie Mae and Freddy Mac
Ken Lay deserves what is awaiting him post judgment day and Skilling is just the same. You cost so many people so much and did not even care enough to come clean after the fact. I find pleasure knowing that you will suffer worse and for a much longer period of time for what you knowingly did and did not do.
What is funny is that this is still being done today. Microsoft released Windows 10 for FREE so that it will boost their quarterly earnings report about the number of computers running Windows.
I wonder if that Ken Lay guy really died? You know rich people will fake their death to avoid stuff then live in a foreign country under a new identity
After watching this video I believe I found your calling in life. You should become a stockbroker ??
I like your videos bud but im not feeling the ad in the middle...
Is this the South Sea Company all over again?
Please upload more Mr.
Well done in explaining the accounting details in a clear way!
Evil Corp.
You should do a video about the Bernie Madoff case
subscribed. great narrator
Enron Enwrong Engone Dead Wrong All Gone Sad Gone You're wrong
Please do a video about Blackberry :)
Enron =Evil corp
good video
It's pronounced two-thousand one, not twenty-o-one!
Damn you Enron!
Enron lookin like E for everyone
Enon employees were so arrogant it was unbelievable .
I want you to know that I'm becoming a huge fan of yours. Keep up the good work :)
Insanity. The whole lot responsible should have been hanged.
It STILL pisses me off - the top execs walked away with millions, and the people who spent decades working for the company lost EVERYTHING. Their jobs, their retirement, their investments, everything. And what really burns me is that I'm sure this sort of shit is STILL going on, we just don't know about it (yet). The will be another Enron at some point.
Taking accounting in high school. Have to right a paper about an accounting scandal. Got an idea
So this all started when they tried to beat Netflix to the punch.
Did Enron contribute to the crash just a few years later
"twenty o six"???
Wow! Thanks company man, I can't believe I didn't know about this.
This is my first day checking your videos..i am instantly hooked. Well written and produced. Gonna do a little binge watching now....keep up the great work!
Dude you gained 35k subscribers since last year? And there are countless stupid YouTube accounts with over 2M subscribers? Keep up the good work!
Heart attack? That dude is sippin margaritas right now
Never trust financial advisors. Always ask if they are a fiduciary. Fiduciaries are legally bound to work in your best interest while financial advisors are free to advise you in ways that benefit themselves
You should do a video on IBM
Do adelphia cable
Hey make a video on commodore please (was a computer company)
Enron hurt the local houston economy for years. Also at the time the new Astros stadium was gonna be called "Enron Field" but later Minute Maid stepped and took that spot and we have "Minute Maid Park" which IMO so much better and I love Minute Maid Orange juice.
Realy love your videos. Can you do Sears (stand alone version ). I know you spoke about them in the K-mark video
I know Andy Fastow. He played a big part in structuring the debts off the books in vehicles he called the raptors.
Looks like evil corp from mr robotto
More scandals would be awesome actually, VW emissions could be cool, and some of the other large scale security frauds would be great
The problem with external auditors is they are paid by the auditee. BIG conflict of interest
Ken ley was assassinated by G. W. Bush because of his ties to the bush administration and ken was trying to make a deal to stay out of prison. Ken was gonna rat out George so George took him out!
So much is wrong with this video. Arthur Andersen for example was brought down by a wrongful conviction not by crisis of confidence.
Seems like the South Sea Company to me.
do you think it was an accounting scandal or an abuse of the rules that let hide stuff? off balance sheet debt was permitted - go figure. mark to market accounting is dangerous, should be balance sheet only. AA routed in so many scandals but how much could AA find if senior mgmnt colludes to conduct fraud. AA was far more culpable with Worldcom - balance sheet growth but shrinking ROI sounds like capitalizing expenses - and should had been caught.
also sorry for the gaps in posting cos when i spend any sort of time on utube i keep an old version of it which isnt capatible with adverts hence iget to watch what i want uninterupted but the downside is that yr posts are restricted in size, so like everything, its really good but far from perfect . rAyZoR. And note, the lastime i mentioned this i had a flood of emails from peeps wanting to buy it off me, soz2 dissapoint but iwill never part with it and iwill just refer you to utube red instead
. . .3rd . . stood4 was also wrong, which i think is why when you try and change a persons view you can show them a mountain of evidance but does nothing, but show them where an error in judgement may lie and its like a,get out clause,they are willing to accept that leading 2a change of view without accepting they may have been wrong.But lets face it societies do evolve this premis may,lets hope become part of history.rAyZor.
. . .2nd post, a continuation . . .This result of us finally agreeing, highlights another problem in society.u c my wife and i are both not,lets say uneducated,yet we both studied the same subject matter,Enron,and came up with different opinions and instead of trying to marr these views in2 one answer we Both just blindly defended r own view.Now we both c how draconian that was,it seemed 2us at the time that ifwe both backed down over this 1subject itwud somehow show that everything we . . .
hi this my 1st vid but WOW unailed it wivyr simplistic approach.u c my wife uni both held difering views un Any argueing we had about Any subject ended up Enron based unNot the real subject matter. iheld the view that Enron were the problem,she held the view that The System was at fault allowing the birth of the problem.NOW we both agree that the Enron problem highlighted a problem with the system,both were faulty and it took a marriage of faults 2highlight an even bigger1,so we were both rite.
do one on bernie madoff
So its cooking the books, bribery and greed boom got it lol already knew that and did not need an advance class to figure that out obviously everyone was involved to cook such a scandal there is no one single person to blame duh
Why does the logo look like the e-corp logo from mr robot
You mean Evil Corp?
Evil corp
can i invest in your youtube channel?
?
I love how you say 20 0-1 for 2001. It's oddly satisfying.
BHS - British Home Stores!!!
Why you don't fund the majority of your retirement plan with the stock of 1 company.
Gangsters in white collars
I don't understand why those involved, who weren't the victims, we're able to keep the millions they made by selling the stocks at "just the right time". Shouldn't that money have been used to repay the duped? There are records of who sold what and for how much. There are records of who had what stocks and what they lost. Wondering if some judges weren't paid off just like the auditors.
I wish you mentioned the mysterious Lebanese financier Mr. M. Yass.
dude why didnt you tell everything :(
thank you
I hate to repeat myself but Karl Marx is right!
How's this for messed up. Ken Lay died of a heart attack and was "cremated" before anyone from the government saw his body. His nick name was Kenny boy. Given to him by his good friend George W Bush. A man who happens to own a huge ranch down in Paraguay. Put 2 and 2 together.
Do one on Wachovia!!
I'm curious as to how they were involved with Schwarzenegger. I didn't hear about that before.
can you do one on The Office Max to where I live they closed down OfficeMax where I live
Do the decline of trix
terrible and boring narration
Can you do Fred Durst? I find the rise and fall of him interesting.
I just found your channel by my recommendation's and I gotta say. Your videos are top noch. I'm not bluffing. Your really good at doing your research. I'm about 15 years old watching this and I love this series. I would like to recommend you do What happened to target. They haven't been in business lately and i'm wondering what's happening to them.
I took ur advice and buy the stocks and now I'm broke
a company partially caused the first successful recall of an american governor in american history. THAT is something that causes shockwaves
lols goldman sachs was in 4th. WOOPSY DAISY
That opening was obnoxious
You should do a video on Myspace.
The other guys.
I remember the Enron blackouts in SoCal Everyone was like "err umm idk y we get da blackoutz"
How about doing a video on Eastern Airlines. My father worked there for 22 years .
I herd Ken Lay is alive & living in South America.
Do a video on the mexican bread company Bimbo and them aquiaring sara lee and more bread companies
I and my friend were unsubscribed from you, i think many others have been also.
The book Smartest Guys in the Room is what the film was based on. And it's the first place to go to understand this scandal.
You're right you cAnt say Everything that happened in this short video. If you're bored a part 2 would be good
I absolutely love the time you take to make these videos great.
By the way, I've never understood why the big four accounting firms are held in such high esteem. I'm under the impression that the big four are mostly staffed by inexperienced young adults right out of college. The firms have extremely high turnover because they work their employees half to death. I'd have much more trust in financial statements made by experienced auditors rather than a bunch of 22 year old kids.
The Decline of Myspace!
Can you do a video on Ames??
What happened with Arthur Andersen? Why did they just switched to Accenture?
You know what's funny? I never heard of Enron until today.
Yeah, I remember all of this. My dad lost pretty much his entire retirement and caused him to go into a spiral of health problems and forced retirement. My dad's company was bought out by Enron and even at the time he said that he could feel things just weren't right. They locked all of the employee's accounts so that no one could sell any stock unless they had stock options. He had half a million dollars in his retirement and was left with about $20k.
Ahhh, how the blockchain will revolutionize the world...
I vonder vere all ze pension money vent.. ah ah ah!!! Enron-tastic!
What about malls Haven't been in one for a while
Enron was a symptom of and contributor to the rot that still pervades our global economy. Companies acting in bad faith to enrich the powerful and connected to steal what little the rest of us have left. It is the end stage of capitalism given form.
great video.
They're "laser focused on per-share earnings" Sorry, bruhs. I only accept GAMMA RAY BEAM focused. That shit turned a scrawny loser into the fucking HULK.
Enron reminds me of Evil Corp from Mr Robot. I think it's the logos and stuff.
subscribed
Do you have a basketball related channel?
You could definitely do a part 2 of this.
"Twenty oh one". Lol wut? No one says that
Should do some railways!
bernie madoff still puts them to shame
So basically it was a case of SCREW THE RULES, I HAVE MONEY then forgetting you don't actually have that screw the rules money. I too have experienced such realizations. The world of accounting didn't change as a result but I can't be trusted in Best Buy now.
"Nowadays, I just get my news listening to white people in elevators. You gotta be careful with that, though. I thought Enron was a brotha I went to high school wit'."
"They were making money and growing at a rate that no one had ever seen before." That's always a bad sign. Sustainable growth is never rapid. Things are always growing fastest where they are fastest on their way to ruin. The housing market soared before it collapsed. The tech market soared before it collapsed. The entire stock market soared before it collapsed. Explosive performance is always a prelude to disastrous performance.
Yo your vidoes are actually really interesting :) thanks for the entertainment!!!!!
You should have made the video longer I enjoy this story being a Texan myself. Please make a more detailed one. Touching on Cliff Baxter and his guilt and heartbreak because of the fall of Enron. He really was one of the good guys.
Enron is a great reminder of one of the cardinal rules of investing; if something looks too good to be true, it probably is.
capitalism wild
Take your cushy severence package and get out here ya filthy corporate criminals!
If you want a better understanding read the book.
The fact that anybody profited from the scam is just nuts.
Please do the decline on toys r us.
I worked in Public Accounting. The Arthur Andersen partner in charge of the Enron Audit should have all lost of his Worldly Assets and been forced to live in a cardboard box. THAT'S where the buck stops.
Is this you, BrightSunFilms?
Cant wait for the VW episode!
Enron went full retard
You should take a look at the rise and fall of Howard Johnson's brand. For a short while it was one of the biggest companies on earth and operated in several different industries. Yet not a whole lot of people even know it existed.
Keep doing these videos. They are amazing.
I would say no to investing because you didn't list any innovations to suggest why the number is increasing at that rate
I remember when we persecuted white-collar criminals and when companies grew.
Enron's blew up kaboom??
I said no to the offer because I can tell the future lol
I bet the guy who was kicking himself started to brag that he got to keep his money
Your vids are so informative keep up the great work!
Answer: Pure unadulterated GREED. The documentary that he mentions is GREAT. Although, after watching it and seeing the financial DEVASTATION caused to Enron's employees and other shareholders, all Enron upper management that knew about and PROMOTED Enron's shady "accounting" should have been put to DEATH. Those were some REAL serious assholes...
My parents were rather conservative with money in the 90s/early 2000s. My dad worked for Motorola, and even THEY pushed to invest in Enron. My parents lost a good chunk of money when Enron crashed and burned. Many, many people did; I remember how shocked everyone was
The one thing that I would say is that Sarbanes-Oxley (the changes that were discussed to accounting) has not added a lot of value to the investing public. If you look at the 2008 crisis, note that none of the companies involved (for example Lehman) were reviewed effectively to catch the problems nor was anybody prosecuted under the rules of Sarbanes-Oxley. That to me is a big hole in the changes. I would also say that the new rules did not make companies more transparent to investors. This is particularly true for the rules around Revenue Recognition - which is all about your Mark to Market Problem. This has settled out a lot since the Rules went in place, but I think it is possible to create a company that never recognizes revenue from a product - until that product is canceled. I am not saying that this is a good idea. I just wish we could be a lot clearer to the investing public on how that works and what it means.
Enron killed blockbuster.
Half this fucking video is roleplay
In American history...
Do a video on the "Lehman Brothers" bankruptcy!
Best commercials.
I wish ISIS would handle our CEO problems. Yeah that would be awesome TV!
It's funny to think that what's now Minute Maid Park in Houston was Enron Field. Because it opened up in 1999 or 2000 when Enron was huge.
GREAT VIDEOS! You deserve a lot more subscribers! :)
Notice Kenneth Lay, all buddy buddy with the Bushies...old Kenny Boy. Six months after the biggest corporate collapse in history, 9/11 conveniently redirected the public attention somewhere else. Hmmm....
Do a video on the DreamWorks scandal
This is really all the Wall Street businesses. Enron with a different name.
I'm an accountant and I got to say I understand why people where fooled. What you got to look at really is cash flow as it shows how good the company actually is good at getting money not just 'earning' it. Thats a bit dificult to do sometimes though.
I watched the documentary you mentioned months ago and it was certainly an eye-opener. The saddest part was when they were deliberately causing brown-outs in California in order to raise the price of energy -- a sick company, to be sure.
Oh, by the way, I don't work for shady companies, either.
Ouch, I knew Enron was in big trouble (during the late 90's).....but I didn't realize how MUCH trouble Enron was in. Thank god I didn't work for them (even though I was probably 12-13-ish during that time).
Great vid. Do Bernie Madoff
9:15 ENRON did not cause those power failures in California but they did exploit those incidents
But who stole the Jack Ruby?
If it sounds too good to be true, it probably is.
Since you did a video on Enron's scam, would you do one on Bernie Madoff?
Why does this video not have any ads?
crazy
"Honestly this concept is so hard to explain, a 2 hour film isn't enough to grasp the whole idea" They said they made more money than they did. Pretty easy to understand.
bronze56k made a video about enron already
Do a decline on circuit city please
Huh, so this is what Mr. Robot's Evil Corp logo is based on. Nice.
Fucking unchecked capitalism.
That was a great documentary! The governor of California (Jerry Brown) made an appearance in that documentary. I really enjoy your channel!?? "OOPS!" I meant (Gray Davis).... honest mistake, they do kinda look alike!??
Your gain is fine.
In a few years: "YouTube/Google: What Exactly Happened?"
Enron is quite dead. There is a company called EOG (Enron Oil & Gas) Resources which is what was left of Enron that does a lot of oil and gas Exploration & Production. If you do work for them, don't call them Enron.
Thanks for explaining shit to me. Im pretty dumb.
Im geeking out by this, I graduated with an Accounting Degree and am glad this was covered!
Pretty sure the Clintons had Ken Lay killed. ;)
Yes,things were going to be different but what is that over the horizon company man? Its Bernie Madof!!! Things sure were different.
Now do MCI / WorldCom. I worked there the day it was announced that Bernie Ebbers was using the place as his personal piggy bank. Stock went from like $40 to nothing almost over night. The company was giving stocks to vested employees as bonuses, and allowed employees to purchase stock as their 401k investing option There was a wife-husband duo I worked with that tossed all their money into Worldcom stock in their 401k's, and pretty much lost it all overnight. This was around 2000-2001, when the internet boom and MCI / Worldcom building out fiber made everyone think the economy would just keep taking off (when actually it was forming a massive tech bubble that popped).
Jews happen
The stupid company I worked for in the 1990s that almost went chapter 13 were audited by Arthur Anderson and had stock in Enron.
Worst part was people 401k who had their companies bought out by enron and they lost their entire retirement. No fishing its work until you die. At least one enron guy killed himself. Emphasis on "at least" or "At least..."
Blame it all on the church of scientology that was founded by Enron Hubbard. Oh wait, that was L. Ron Hubbard. No matter, they both operate on the same principles.
this reminds me of the movie "Boiler Room" with a young Vin diesl
Do Bernie Madoff
Evil Corp.
1.25x you speak so fuckin slow, are you smoking?
I had no idea about this and their logo looks like the one from Mr.Robot
I looked into Ken Lay a while ago because they had a joke about him on Supernatural.
Yeah, Ken Lay "died" all right. Heart attack then instantly cremated and immediately issued a death certificate. Not suspicious at all...
Did Kira kill Ken Lay?
Great video - Even got me to watch the documentary you mentioned, which was fascinating.
Because of Enron, Accounting is a major field of study. Numerous companies nationwide began hiring a larger number of accountants to more closely protect against fraud. If executives can go to prison for signing off on bad accounting (knowingly or unknowingly), it creates the perfect incentive for them to ask all the hard questions and find people they can trust. Where I work, our Controller, CFO, and CEO sign off on the financial statements. They notice the slightest abnormalities in an ocean of details and thoroughly investigate/interrogate the matter. It's not fun being asked the hard questions from people whose freedom, reputation, and economic prosperity is on the line to get it right. As such, I have learned some very interesting accounting things from my superiors over the past several months.
All Enron did was change their name.
They got eaten up by the tumour known as globalism. From the inside out, they were completely destroyed by fanatics and heretics to business and trade everywhere. When it all went wrong, the big dogs decided they wouldn't put their own companies through the same thing.
"Enronic" that they said they played by the rules lol...sorry
Enron started in Omaha Ne. then moved to Texas. At the time it was a major blow to Omahas economy but in the long run, we dodged a big bullet.
Hundreds of Thousands of people lost out because of the dishonesty at the top. Why should big corporations be trusted? We, the great unwashed, don't matter to those at the top, we can go into poverty, live the rest of our lives regretting we believed the man in the suit........... That is uncontrolled capitalism, that is corporations. Deregulation allows this to happen.
Do a Flux capacitor
We know what happened, a bunch of fuckwads conned the state (AND EVERYONE IN IT)
Twenty o one
My brother was a trader at Enron in the late 90s.
Who is going to be the new Enron in the coming financial collapse now gathering momentum?
Still patiently awaiting circuit city
But if Enron was bankrupt due to this scandal, what became of the company itself? Did some other organization buy the building?
What a time the year 2000, when things that always seemed to be.. actually were not as they looked. When big ideas failed and where the whole market required a re-evaluation. Ah, good times.
The track is to exit the stock before it was too late.
Good
wasn't Ken Lay allegedly in Costa Rica or somewhere like that?
And I think I remember that McKinsie Consulting had a lot to do with this
Do BORDERS
Great channel, but you really need to work on the first minute of the video
Love the new intro keep it up please
YES
Can you be my financial adviser?
I bet it was Walpole.
shEnron
As a state auditor I can say it's easy to audit Enron. Since the auditor helped make the financial statements. Lol
I have to admit you have the best dam youtube channel even better than mine.
The Jim Carrey movie "Fun With Dick and Jane" was based on the Enron scandal, it was definitely one of his better movies
mircophone
Auther Anderson accountants took a big loss--they had to change careers or start their own firms because no one wanted to hire an accountant linked the Auther Anderson. All the employees were declared dishonest by the business community.
Do one on Daewoo pls
I was an auditor at Arthur Andersen back in 2001 right before this happened. The auditors themselves where frauded by the company, but the rules were so lax back then, that they didn't really have to do too much digging. I worked in the NY office and was let go right after 9/11, along with a bunch of other people. It was really strange that people were getting laid off at the time, cause we didn't think 9/11 had that big an effect on the audit firm itself. Two weeks later, the Enron news came out, and I guess they knew it was coming. I made out on the deal cause I got 2 months severance and a new job in like a week. After Enron hit, people got at best two weeks severance. Andersen didn't actually go under all at once, and was telling some of the employees I kept in touch with in December 2001 that things were going to be fine, that it wouldn't have an effect on them. I was trying to let them know that it was a sinking ship but people still held on tight. Regardless, all the rules in the world won't matter because companies will always be able to commit fraud if they want in the current system. The penalties are way too minimal for the upside of being insanely rich.
The Federal Reserve which is not Federal but a Private Bank backed by shadowy figures, prints money and sets interest rates, all because we trust them and their mystique. Investment banks closely tied to the fed use fractional reserve banking which means they can lend money they don't have. It is in every way a House of Cards like Enron but is perpetuated by people who are too big to fail, too persecuted to ever be held accountable again. Until the end of days.
The book A Conspiracy of Fools is crazy detailed about Enron's goings-on.
Anyone who know anything about businesses wouldn't have touched those stocks. Too good to be true means not true.
Could you do whatever happened to baby Jane?
"Shocking", I guess they didn't have the Skill.....ing to pay the bills......... ? that joke...... was a waste of "Energy".............? did someone fart? I can smell "Gas". What has Enrons stock and the Titanic got in common?............. they both sank.
Fun with Dick and Jane... Thats what happened lol
"Twenty O One"
Looks like I'm going to lose an hour or two watching stuff, now I've discovered this channel.
People who say 2001-2009 as "Twenty o _____" cant be trusted.
The Enron scandal was a "one of a kind" scandal, mainly because it would be almost impossible to do the same today. First of all, no company would want to be "the second Arthur Anderson." Second of all, there are a lot stricter laws nowadays that were applied the day the scandal happened.
The E reminds me of Evil Corp from Mr Robot.
The logo looks like evil Corp from Mr Robot
Southwest, Goldsman Sachs, and Enron... Freaky...
Tesla
Ahh the good old times when financial fraudsters were imprisoned, unlike now...
I definitely should look more into this. I know you usually stick to more large-scale businesses, but I wonder if you'd ever take a look at what happened with 38 Studios? I have friends who were affected by that directly from working there, and I think it'd make for an interesting topic for one of these videos.
Arthur andersen amazingily still exists under anather name. I think the consulting side of the business is under anotehr name
I guess the internal auditors that okayrded this accounting is still working
I know this story all too well. Being a native Houstonian, this was the biggest news story in town. I was in kindergarten at the time.
Haha getting involved with Blockbuster.
Subbed for that quality. I don't know but the quality of your videos seemed to increase.
Haven't heard anyone say "twenty oh one" before lol
I've read many places that the Enron files were lost in building 7 on 9/11. Alot of important files were lost for many investigations.
What an interesting channel. Subscribed.
What wENt RON
Yet despite the constant lessons the majority of Americans can think of nothing better in life than licking the ballsack of the rich.
ur annoying
good thing i invest glododyne
Could you please explain the Bernie madoff scandal? Which was similar to the Enron scandal right?
I've never heard anyone refer to 2001 as twenty-o-one Two thousand one would be the standard way of pronouncing it, right?
I own the movie & it's intriguing. I subscribed also...
twenty O one... 2001
Brought to you by Coof Hoof, coof teh hoofing
"Impactful?"
I love your content keep up the good work!!
you should make a video about the Pen Central Railroad disaster and how it almost took down the entire North East railroad network in about 6 years.
Nothing has been done to prevent more Enrons from happening. IMHO there are many more out there waiting to happen, especially now.
The "Smartest Guy in the Room" missed the point and failed in telling the whole truth. I worked there BEFORE Ken Lay. He flipped management in 1985 and overthrew better management and it took him fifteen years to destroy a once great company. He began massive fraud in 1986 and sold off assets to coverup failures. They Lay hired Skilling who was an expert in fraud to help him. The sin of Ken Lay was pride. He could not admit his failures.
Crazy to see all this again my aunt was the auditor who stepped foreward. Ended up doing my senior project on Enron and this scandal. Nice video brings back allot of memories.
if you want to clear cut version, enron was a smoke screen company that was being used to fund a CIA operation that the bush cronies was coordinating, it was generating fake revenue to bring in investors, then took that money to fund the whole operation to steal money from global markets, they proved that in court
Do the decline of The great Atlantic and pacific tea company
...they paid off accountants with money they didn't have?
Thanks for covering this one! I love Smartest Guys in the Room, glad you mentioned it. Basically Enron was a house of cards, a masterful bluff. But they kept buying themselves time in the short term at the detriment of their long term health, similar to a Ponzi scheme.
@ 8:24 two thousand and six
@ 4:06 Two thousand and one. =)
Do Myspace!
Never heard of it! Is it because I'm Australian? probably...
Boop boop boop boop boop booop boop boop boop boop boop booop
The thing about Enron is that they used a technique that EVERY company was doing.....they just abused it way more than they should. A company that knew they were going to gain revenue would place that on the books as leverage for their liabilities, and when it came in, it would be a wash......what Enron did was create revenue based on the wrong data. For example, an electric company would be known to make upwards of 2 million on average across America, so when Enron built an electric plant in China, they put 2 million as the revenue on the sheets.....not understanding that the outskirts of China wouldn't be able to afford the electricity at even a penny cost, which lead to a flop return. With constant flops on market decisions while the books just kept getting more and more cooked, eventually it all slipped. If Enron hadn't done what they did, companies would still be doing it today. Between Enron and the real-estate crash, it ruined stock market trading for a lot of us commoners...increased capital requirements and other restrictions kills the very notion of a free market.
Arthur Andersen was also the auditing company involved in the MCI-Worldcom scandal. That was the other main reason they ceased to operate.
Jim chanos first called enron as a scam
Right when I was thinking when this channel was going to upload another video, you appear ^_^
Look at Enrons chart... Classical Pump and Dump chart... It's crazy to think that if Blockbuster would have tried harder they could have been Twitch, Youtube, Netflix, Amazon, Redbox...but alas they are no more...
Do THQ
2:23 I can't see the debt and equity figures. Hmm...
I'd also recommend reading this: https://www.amazon.com/Conspiracy-Fools-Story-Kurt-Eichenwald-ebook/dp/B000FCK1SO It was written a bit later than "Smartest Guys" and has a lot of updated information.
Nice video, I've never even heard of Enron. I think you should consider doing Yahoo's decline. I have used Yahoo since 2005 and I have seen the decline, it's decision not to buy google, I think, and it's eventual sale to verizon. Another Idea is to go over restaurant's like dennys, apple bees, sizzler, and others who have seen decline. I'm curious to see what video you make next. Keep up the hard work.
When I was studying microeconomics and financial accounting, this was a really hot topic. 0:25 I admit, the teachers were using it to explain simple accounting principles that they violated to cook the books.
What happened with Lehman Brothers?
If you're doing scandals and fraudulent corporations, you should consider doing a breakdown of the '08 Financial Crisis. I know it's more well known after "The Big Short" came out but it should be more widely spread.
The robber barons responsible should all have gotten the death penalty and lost their assets altogether. That wealth should then be redistributed to the 99%. Enron is proof that unfettered capitalism is bullshit. Democratic socialism is the future. Bernie Sanders in 2020
good videos bro
Only Americans can be this full of shit.
Never invest in a company that doesn't have a quality product, and or service. If you're buying crypto coins, Enron is a good example of what to avoid. Emotions be damned. You want money? Then follow the data, results. Years before Enron collapsed they had a reputation for being shady. They can't hide who they are.
Do Tesla, and how it collapsed after Elon left earth for Mars to escape killer AI.
SEARS SEARS SEARS
Love your vidz! It's like watching a mini documentary movie!
I have never heard exactly what Enron was supposed to be selling. Their business model was never clear; you were just expected to look at the numbers. But there was a lot of that in the 90's.
You should do the 2008 Financial Crisis.
My next door neighbor was tim belden
You are amazing at explaining things. Very interesting video! You just earned a new subscriber. :)
awesome short cut on a big subject...now I just wonder what role they had in Arnold getting elected. Oh well I will watch the movie when I have more time now.
Can you do circuit city
Duuude I remember I found you when you had just 700 subs
I really loved fun with Dick and Jane where the other guy mentions his great new job Enron.
Sprint wireless?
You really need more subs
Your voice makes me watch these videos over and over again. It's captivating.
Another great video, thanks for posting...
Please do a part two.
The big auto company bailouts would've interesting since we're coming up on 10 years post-recession.
Enron is actually a pretty cool name, like a science fiction character or something.
Enron is actually a pretty cool name, like a science fiction character or something.
I can't recall his name but I remember at the time reading in the WSJ about one of the key executives who blew his brains out in his Mercedes shortly after the scandal broke because he knew there was no way he'd escape going to prison.
I've never heard of Enron then again I was born in 2001. This just seems bizarre
you will get a lot of subscribers lmao
i dont understand how annyone whit half a brain can look at the way they conduct themselves and think it's not even a little suspect the best example is the way they cut of electricity to jack up the prices tell me that's not a sure way to see a company is not on a long therm path of succes (and that was something known)
Omfg! Thank you for listening! I remember asking you for this and HERE IT IS!!!
if its to good to be true...
take the money and run (that's what happed)
Do the rising of nike
enron has one of the best commercials I've ever seen. I never was aware of enron until after they died so I found out about them on an old commercial collection. I realized I never heard of them, so I looked them up on wiki and found out about the fraud. You of course had way more about enron then wiki did and I always love learning more about enron! Maybe one day I'll get to watching the movie when I have more time on my hands.
The documentary is good but the book The Smartest Guys in the Room is the definitive account of what happened. It can be dry when talking about the chicanery that went on in the accounting but it is best when it details how the rest of the utility industry thought about Enron. There is one point after Enron Oil and Gas (based in Omaha) broke away from Enron proper, an executive from Enron sent a bouquet of flowers to the CEO of EOG. The CEO sent back a biting comment, "I know we did the right thing but you have to remember I'm from the Midwest and I think this means we're engaged." My dad was a CEO of a utility but not of EOG and he would have sent back something equivalent being a man who worked himself up from being a meter reader in the 70s. The utility industry is fascinating and my research into it has shown me why the Internet should be considered as an utility.
Dennis
"if it's to good to be true, I stay away." What goes up must come down!
This channel is amazingly fascinating. I wouldn't really care about the history of companies but every time I see your videos in my sub feed I click instantly.
I wonder if he faked his death
Oh man I have always been confused by this ordeal, thanks for some insight!!
Do why GameStop is dying
What happened? Scumbag Ken Lay. Took total advantage of all of his employeees and customers and screwed over thousands of employers
Thank you! I remember this being in the news, but I never really cared enough to know what actually happened. Suggestion: Bernie Madoff.
Circuit City
you're one of the only youtubers that deserve to make 10 minute videos in order to get extra ad revenue.
State farm knows that for every one of these moments, there's one of those.
actually there is a simpler version explained watch "FUN with DICK & JANE" (jim carry movie)
Remember that one time when we prosecuted corporate criminals?
Can the company man do a video on the company man
Here in my hometown of Houston TX they even built a baseball field and named it Enron Field, God knows how they even got money to built that. After the scandal it got renamed as the Minute Maid Field.
Once again, another well put together and informative video! You never cease to amaze! Keep up the good work!
"Enron is a company."
Sorry, they WEREN'T victims....they played the game and Lost. The stock market is a RISK, period. Doesn't matter how big the company is, there is no guarantees. Yes the company was a fraud, but WELCOME to America!!! Even if the company Wasn't a Fraud, you could STILL lose money over time with them!!! It's an Investment, but Not a guarantee... Look at Any companies Filings and Disclosures....oh wait, you Can't! Because only the Top 1% Wealthy insiders have information to that with blue chip stocks!!! RED FLAG!!!
I was in Houston when Enron went under and myself and several of my friends ran down to Smith street to watch the employees being walked out.
Good job on the video. Could have used more Fastow though.
You should do a video on Death Row Records
I actually did photography work for Arthur Anderson a few years ago. It was a big reunion party! Lots of big wigs with deep pockets. It felt like they were celebrating the company's failure.
The opening line of The Smartest Guys in the Room is my favourite. “It had taken Enron 16 years to go from $10 billion in assets to $65 billion in assets. It took them 24 days to go bankrupt.”
I don't think I'll watch the DVD movie about it. My blood pressure would probably break record highs.
You need to make a video on Theranos when it goes bankrupt.
Please do PanAm
Love this channel !
The book "the smartest guys in the room" which the movie was based on goes into much greater detail. I think the audiobook version is 14 hours long.
I mean maybe it seemed like a smart choice to invest at the time but to me this smelled fishy just from how great it sounded. I would much rather buy a cheap stock that looks promising instead of $80 for something that seemed incredible. It seems foolish. But the risk is much lower like what happened here. Sometimes playing between safe and risky is the best.
You forgot to mention Ken Lay died while vacationing in a ski resort in Aspen: he never set foot in jail and effectively escaped justice.
If something appears to going unbelievably well, it probably is unbelievable.
I'm sorry, i love your channel but most of the major details you went into were wrong/not accurate. Do more research next time!
This YouTube channel is going places.
We get it. It's "complicated". Normal people, unlike yourself, can't understand it. Blah blah. Who would want to be an expert in enron? If you can't explain such a thing easily, you failed.
Do a video presentation on Worldcom. It was an even bigger scandal that took place the very next year.
this situation sounds similar to the 2009 General Motors bailout. nice vid. could come in handy!
Do the AOL Time Warner merger!
Jeff Skilling got violently booty slammed in prison so often and so hard he had to have his intestines repaired. Hope he made them use protection.
Enron also changed the MBA course curriculum. Every class had sessions in ethics.
Wait till Mueller gets done with Trump. You think Enron is evil? We're talking Russian mob here.
Enron was fucking terrible but they were not as big as a piece of shit as AIG.
I really like these videos. They are very informative and entertaining! Thank you Company Man
Evil Corp.
Pretty good vid. You could eliminate that last sentence with the third reference to "American history" it's awkward. That movie is good indeed. The bottom line seems pretty simple, just some crooked people who used scam accounting techniques to imagine profit and cover up debt in shell corporations. Their power came from their amazing abilities to hype their flavors of snake oil, you have to give them credit as the slickest of con men.
It's 2017 and I don't remember them.
heh, last video currently uploaded. i don't know if i'm glad that you don't have any more videos for me to comment on because i'm sure you're tired of receiving my streams of consciousness on your content or that i'm sad that you don't have any more amazing well researched videos. oh well. i've heard of enron before and the controversy surrounding them but i didn't know it was THIS deep and convoluted! guess it proves that if it seems too good to be true than it probably is, but how can you live by that if you are an investor looking for the most successful companies to invest in? things either seem too bad to be true or too good to be true and i don't know what would the in-betweens look like. well, until next time! oh yeah also good job selecting the most important information. peace!
I love this channel, keep up the good work!
hahaha! Enron still exists; it is now called EOG Resources!!! Just like Arthur Andersen is now called Accenture. Don't believe me? Google "EOG Resources" and "Arthur Andersen."
Ken lays heart attack was suicide pill I bet
Before you explained how Enron's numbers were fudged I totally thought it was a Ponzi scheme
Bastards
Can you pls do the decline of my space or kodak
talk about mad catz
...twenty oh-one? i have never heard anyone say 2001 like that
WorldCom? Tyco?
Well,it only goes to show that some companies are really too good to be true.
Awesome work, as always. I'm renting the movie tonight!
I love this channel so much. It's interesting as hell and entertaining low key. Also, it helps out with my economics class. Keep the videos coming.
The government should have learned their lesson from the Penn Central catastrophe. They did the same things as Enron pretty much.
Please say "two thousand and one" not "twenty O one" please??love the channel bro????
I don't even care about most of these companies, I just love the way you talk about the subject.
any1 elses ears hurt from his intro music?
Ironically skillings brother is a well respected media celebrity on wgn in Chicago
Enron and other scandals around the time led to the birth of Sarbanes Oxley and the creation of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (PCAOB). GAAP rules are definitely more strict, but now auditors are obligated to test for weaknesses in internal controls and provide an opinion in the annual reports in a paragraph supplemental to the opinion of whether the financial statements are reported fairly in accordance with GAAP.
Could you please talk about what happened to Pontiac?
That ending was perfect lmao
As an accountant , I love this video. I have studied Enron many years and you did a great job of explaining in 10 minutes
IT'S TWO THOUSAND ONE NOT TWENTY O ONE
What Happened - The bankruptcy and Decline of A&P (Atlantic Pacific Tea Company), one of America's largest grocery stores until 2015/
Nice, now do Lehmann Brothers next
You've GOT to watch that movie if you are at all interested in this scandal. It's a great movie! This short video is a very brief gloss-over of the scandal -- the movie goes into a lot more detail, simply because it has more time available to go into the details.
Damn man nice video when i was last here you were at 37k nice growth hope it isn't faked just kidding have a good day man
This is awesome, my accounting professor was literally discussing Enron in class today.
Mark to Market accounting. I'm sure it started small, but once Enron saw the stock rise, all bets were off.
Southwest Airlines #2 company to work for...
They even swindled most of their own employees by conning them into buying Enron stock with their retirement accounts. And I never quite believed that malarkey about Ken Lay supposedly dying on the day he was to be sentenced. The higher-ups at Enron were nothing but a bunch of ruthless thieves.
What's Enron?
I bet that guy that didn't invest went from kicking himself, to buying a nice lobster dinner when the stock crashed.
Playboy ran a "Women of Enron" pictorial. I thought the pilot chick was hot.
Have you considered taking a look at professional sports? Not on a team level but like the NFL, NBA, etc. and taking the financial angle and what the owners and commissioners did to make the leagues where they are today?
Wrong, that's not the primary purpose of an auditor. Source: BIG4 Potato
"Oh, what a wicked web we weave, when first we practice to deceive." And the didn't just practice, they carried it off, much to most people's detriment.
Willl you ever do a video about the boac bea merger ? Maybe too obscure ?
why more regulations went into place to protect investors and workers. it leaves a broke up trail and by the time it's revealed it's damage control from there out. remember boy's & girl's crap till this day flows downhill if you don't see it, there's a reason for that! you weren't looking for it.
Do pan am please!
Awesome video. Really informative. Good job !
Do a video on Hot 'N Now!
Actually it takes 30 seconds or so to explain they were booking profits that didn't exist.
(((They))) got all your money
You should do a video on the 2008 stock-market crash and the people responsible.
Another good one, Company Man! Enron was a case of some uber serious scumbaggery. Amidst their various egregious acts, the fact that they put the thumbscrews to their own employees is the very worst in my humble opinion. Amazing that they did this. I bet there are some folks rotting away in prison today that seriously regret what they did.
hint: if you ask "what does this company do?" and that can't be easily explained, RUN.
There's a book with the same name (The Smartest Guys in the Room) that goes into greater detail. The following are some of the highlights: 1. the exit of Rich Kinder (and the foundation of Kinder Morgan Energy Partners). 2. Transitioning the company from oil and gas delivery to a financial instruments company. 3. Close call(s) on financial solvency of the company in the 1980s. 4. Ambitious development projects overseas that eventually turned into huge losses.
Good. Saw the movie. I could skip this.... muh I'm bored go on
Back in the day there was an old proto-meme with the "Dell Dude" that said "Dude, you're going to HELL" (with the E being the Enron logo). Tried to find it again but alas it must be lost somewhere in the outerspace of interbutts.
Also, my wife's on Thalidamide and we just love New Coke.
I think the most fucked up thing was the employee retirement funds being tied to enron stock. Because at the end the executives stopped stock trading to pull their own money out of the market when shit hit the fan. Once they opened trading again it was worth only pennies. Those executives basically stole all the employees money!
I remember in high school having the stock market Davy kids tell me how good Enron was and I thought they were too over hyped for it not too be a fraud, I was right. And the movie is definitely worth a watch.
The sheep got fleeced, so what else is new
no matter how you do it, you can't make losses "disappear". somewhere in the accounting process the truth will present itself. hiding "bad numbers" is a temporary solution. ....
sounds like Micheal kelso
Wow, I finally get that joke in the Simpsons! ...... but it was past season 10, so that's not as cool, but oh well, still thanks :)
I have a suggestion for a video: the disaster that was Target Canada. There was so much hype but they did literally everything wrong
Yay! I new Video! Love the Series!
That halfway ad cost you a sub. Maybe you should make a video on greedy youtubers?
I was little when this happened, but I remember it well haha
So..."Toilet and Douche" is now just "Deloitte?" WTF did they do to Touche?
It sure was go-enron
Cease to exist hahahahaha EOG you dummy's they are still around Eron oil & gas
Man i love this channel. Really goes to show there is no such thing as boring topics just boring presentation. Its always exciting finding niche but extremely high quality content. Keep up the presentation.
If only someone could make a video on the topic of Enron
I guess they had to..... (Insert pun that I don't want to think of)
Sees a company man video,likes then watches the video
I'm still also waiting for y2k big to take effect
fsociety happened
Your videos are so interesting, I e-mail every new video of yours to my father who enjoys corporate history and we discuss it when I meet him over lunch every Sunday.
This is the kind of video people want to see, very old companies or new companies and their difficulties or failure not a fidget spinner video.
When did this happen?
Great video. Keep it up.
Always a great video, the quick rise and fall of Steve & Barry's would be another great one.
I wouldn't have invested, this shit was too good to be true. like bitcoin, that shit was true but nobody did that, so no impact.
"twenty o'one"
Sounds a lot like Penn Central, the railroad that joined the Pennsylvania Railroad and the New York Central, except PC simply made the numbers up to look good.
Next stop, PEPCO.
Based on the info at the time Some red flags should have gone up! If something seems too good to be true, IT PROBABLY IS!
You do a great job so keep up the good work! Also, I think you should do an episode on Time Inc, the publishing company.
I believe there was an American greed episode also
This just popped up on my homepage and I exclaimed "YESSSSS!" I've always wondered what happened to Enron, but have been too lazy to simply research it. Thanks!
Enron = Evil Corp younger brother. Logo is still same ;)
Do one one Hudson Soft
I wish I could have shorted Enron...
Damn, this is terrible yet so fascinating.
Don panam airlinesOr twa
Feel free to follow this video up with a detailed, 5 hour long advanced student college course version.
This is by far you best and most interesting video. I'm a business student and I have to say that your content shows the fascinating side of what most people consider mundane business. Keep up the good work. I guarantee you that if you keep putting out content like this you will see your channel get to the size of Wendover Productions or Real Life Lore. Keep up the good work!
I was pretty young when all the Enron stuff happened. I ember it being a big news story but had no idea what was going on. Nice video. Might look into it more to get the full story.
Ken Lay clearly faked his death.
You make a seemingly boring topic very interesting
Crooks...fucking crooks...All! And worst of all, they never produced anything!
Great videos man
YAS
Mike, this channel is probably one of the most informative I've seen in a while. I can't imagine the amount of research you put in every video. Great work. Also, I was wondering if you'll do a video on CBS's 'Rural Purge' of the late 60's. It's a pretty interesting topic imo, mostly because it was the first time a TV network tried to appeal to a younger middle-class audience.
I watched the movie. It says they jacked up prices for their Cali customers during peak hours. I never knew they cooked the books as well! Scandalous for sure! Thanks for the vid!
I don't even know this company but I liked all this guys other videos so I might as well watch
Good choice of topic. I'm a big fan of "The Smartest Guys In the Room" and am glad to see you tackle the subject in a concise manner for those who aren't familiar with it.
i was so young when all of this went down and had no idea how far this rabbit hole actually went. Thank you so much for this...as it has sparked an interest to research more on the topic. great video!
I felt sorry for the thousands of people who lost their jobs because of this. A good friend worked for Arthur Anderson, software not accounting. One day a good job, great pay and benefits. Then, nothing. Even as Enron was flaming out, AA was telling it's people that they had "only lost an account", nothing to worry about. My sister was recruited by AA coming out of college. She seriously considered it, but decided she didn't want to move. In hindsight, she dodged a bullet.
My BULE class covered this
Enron: Ask Why, Asshole
I'd like to see a video on Penn Central!
I did a proyect about this case for muy fraud accounting class. I read over 150 pages minimum and that was a short overview about this case.
What was the dividend? Was there any? It's easy to show earnings if you don't pay dividends.
You do an excellent job of explaining how interlocking or overlapping issues can exacerbate a problem. Have you considered doing a video on the savings and loan collapse?
As disgusting what they did was. I can't help but be impressed how well and for how long they were able to keep up the facade.
If your subscriber count and average views per video continue growing, will you consider increasing the average length of each video? They're very interesting to watch!
George bush homeboys! Lol!
The head hancho was a sleeze ball
I think you should do a series on this and similarly complex subjects
Your videos are great all trying to find new people to watch!
This sounds like that one 4chan post where the guy's like "If a stock goes down to $0.01 per stock, why don't we just buy a shitton. It can't go any lower, and if it goes up to $0.02 per share, you doubled your earnings. What's the catch?" and someone replies "It might not ever go up, and just because you want to sell, doesn't mean anyone is going to buy it." And he responds with "Wait, people need to want to buy it? I thought you just hit sell and you were good to go?" Just a bunch of idiots pretending to be growing. Then again, who's the more foolish, the fool, or the fool who follows him?
i watched a little of the documentary in economics class, made me very fasinated in the story of enron i might watch it in its entirety now. also id love to see a video about the rise and fall of cable tv. cable tv has been losing the niche channel focus lately and pay per view programs like wwe have just moved to streaming rather than TV to even cartoon network focusing more on their apps than their channel. the mtv effect is starting to affect other networks more and more.
How do you have your mic set up? I find having the mic gain low and being close to it works best.
Ken lay was killed because he knew more. Like the scum George Bush and dick the cock Cheney knew about this in advance. Fuck them.
What the fuck is Enron?
Been waiting for another video from this channel. Happy days
>still pronouncing it "twenty-oh-six" How many rage-filled comments must it take for this error to be corrected?! yes I mad
Jeff Skilling is the brother of Tom Skilling, meteorologist in Chicago (WGN-TV), was wondering where I've seen that face before...
Dat EVIL CORP logo. I see where they got their influence!
Does anyone remember the Enron guy who killed himself? That was so horrible and sad.
There are also a couple of books that I've read that tell the whole story from different viewpoints. I am a CPA. So, I clearly understand the illegal accounting that went on. The average laymen would never understand. In summary, they got away with their illegal accounting because Arthur Anderson signed off on their financial statements. The illegal accounting indicated they had plenty of cash, plenty of revenue, and very little debt but none of that was true.
I majored in accounting during college, and the subject of the Enron, WorldCom, and HealthSouth scandals--all of which occurred at around the same time--was brought up frequently. The U.S. Congress passed the Sarbanes-Oxley act shortly after the first two scandals. The Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) now regulates the audit of publicly-traded companies through the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (PCAOB).
I was living in Houston at the time. It was very tragic and all anyone could talk about. It seemed everyone either was directly affected by the collapse or knew someone who was. There were also a lot of small energy trading companies that dealt primarily with Enron that went out of business as well due to losing their primary customer.
You should make a mini series about this scandal and corruptions that would be cool
I really want to see a video on Apple's history and possible future. I think that would be a cool concept.
1:37 My inner Southwest Airlines fanboy is engaged
Another amazing video! I heard a little bit about Enron in an accounting class I took but never knew exactly what happened before now. I can't wait to see what you post next!
You should do something about Eike Batista
do one on myspace
It'll definitely be interesting to see videos on companies that have dealt with fraud. It also makes me want to see videos pertaining the the late 2000's meltdown and the subsequent bail outs (GMC etc.) seeing as that period was also proliferated with scandals.
I always thought Enron was an electronics company, I remember when I was younger but I'm definitely checking out that documentary...
Bernie Madoff's ponzi scheme... That's another one you should do a video on.
The hypothetical you provided at the beginning, I wouldn't invest because it looked like their bubble would burst. The growth was just too fast for it not to happen, much like what happened shortly before entire industries crashed.
And the moral of the story for investors is don't put all your eggs into one basket. That basket might just catch fire.
E corp
My wee-wee is 9000 inches long.
I couldn't help but laugh at the deal they signed with blockbuster even though at the time it seemed like a sure fine thing. Both companies are now, for the most part, non-existent.
Its 2006 not "20 06"!!!
Do Circuit City
The Bre-X Sttory is very similar and equally as fascinating.
Hope he gets rape in jail
a part 2 maybe??????? I simply wish not to watch the movie good sir
"it's been a while since the company man has uploaded." 20 minutes later..
Great video!!!!!! I noticed you didn't upload on your other channels. ????????????????????????????????????
Do worldcomm please
Aint no black or brown faces in this video, dat dude at 10:01 was the janitor
Mr. Skilling is my god
Approved
Always love the quality of content of this channel! Keep it up!
It's worth noting that because of the legal principle of "abducto ad initio" legally Ken Lay is innocent despite being convicted.
I like how you fail to mention the Clinton administration ties to Enron in the 90s up to 2001. I don't doubt the Bush involvement but not mentioning Clinton is a little partisan
I studied this topic extensively when I earned my associates degree in accounting. It's really crazy how they were able to manipulate their books. They were really good at faking their business. Basically their entire business model was to sell stock.
fuck those first comments goddamn your channel doesnt deserve this
We had an entire unit on Enron in a financial advisory class in which we watched the movie, watched the trial videos, and learned everything about the scandal It was probably my favorite unit in the class!
Love the substance and style of your work seen all your work fast and insightful.PEACE...
Nice video man and, thanks for the movie recomendation. i love business movies
I actually watched that documentary. I actually have a family friend who was one of the regular employees. He's still mad about what happened. He lost his entire 401k and a lot in stocks. The movie explains what happened really well.
Suggestion? How about you talk about how target flopped in Canada? Its an interesting story, and I'd like to hear your side of things.
im gonna call it this is the one
Enron, that's a name I haven't heard of in a long time
Consider your like button smashed.
If I rob a bank, I'll be given at least a 30 year sentence. If I rob investors of billions in dollars, I get less then 20 years.
You dun messed up En-Enron!!
Good god i love this show
I'm a simple man. I see a company man video, I click, I click like. Also I watch Smartest Guys in the Room yearly.
I like how he's uploading weekly now
I loved this video. I have a few friends who will need to watch this
Being fairly young and not being American, I hadn't really heard of Enron before, so it's fascinating. Makes me wonder whether other companies - Apple, Alphabet inc, Facebook and the like - do this sort of stuff, and to what extent. Cayman Islands are the one everyone knows, and it makes me curious whether there's more going on under the hood, so to speak.
Very well explained. Great channel.
Big fan of your channel keep up the good work :-)
I'm currently studying Accounting and Business Administration, and I can honestly say ENRON changed everything. The very rules accountants operated on for decades changed overnight, massive changes were made to audit procedures, and the consequences executives face for deliberate fraud have increased to levels never seen before.
Enron: The Smartest Guys in the Room is one of the most interesting and Insightful documentaries I have ever seen. It is definitely one of my all time favorites. You did a great job with this video Company Man, keep up the great content.
Enron led to the Sarbanes Oxley Act
Yes do PanAm
Basically if you invested 1 million dollars and then it became 10k... EDIT: I might be wrong. 2ND EDIT: I just guessed.
Something went Enwrong.
I love your channel man. You really do a great job and I thank you for that.
I remember when minute maid park use to be enron field
Is it too late to buy Enron stock?! i'm going to love this episode!
Enron had some of the most corrupt motherfuckers to ever run a company. Those guys do not deserve to be called executives. They should be called (and be remembered as) fraudsters. Those excuses for guys that ran the company are an abomination to capitalism.
First
Do "the rise and fall of Company Man" next ??
Keep the good work company man
You make great videos keep it up man!
17th!
Holy shit!
Gang gang gang
First
first
????????©
1st