Re-uploaded this video to fix the issue with over saturation. Hope this one is better.
Ahh beginner here, might be a silly question but how do you know what your role is?? (Mid, supporter, etc..) does it depend on your champion or is it a spontaneous decision you make at the start of the game?
see you on the battlefield guys
0:30 but hen fortnite came along
overwatch player here, lets try this game now...
Is it necessary to talk with the other players? My laptop has a mic but it doesn't work and I can only write English, I'm not confident in my ability to talk in English ??
most popular? I thought that was fortnite?
Ive been playing LoL for 4 years, and I can say that Im good at the game, considering I reached Diamond at Solo queue, but to my opinion.It isn't the MOST complex MOBA game. i think the most complex is Dota 2, since it has couriers, Runes, camp stacking and some character has 5 or more skills, especially invoker, and macro heroes, like natures prophet, meepo and etc. ive only start playing Dota for 2 weeks, but the transition from LoL to Dota 2 is mindbreaking. Skill delays, Auto attack delays,(which makes last hitting creeps extremely hard, cause' in Lol there aren't any auto attack delays) you have to buy the wards which can cause you to lose gold, you drop gold when you die, (Lol has free wards, and death has no gold cost) ane usually, literally every item you buy in Dota 2 is activatable or toggable, so you have to click those too, imagine clicking ten buttons at a teamfight, and the range is so far away in Dota 2 compared to LoL
Happy birthday to your mom !
I'm just here because I'm scared people will blame me for making others lose or seem like an idiot for always dying since I've never played LoL AHAHAH
The most popular game? Naw Naw, that's Fortnite.
Decided to search for more info on LOL after watching the K/DA music video.
An honest question, are people try hards in this game. I don’t want to be roasted in the chat for not using a champion the way it’s supposed to.
gm in overwatch silver in lol
I've been debating whether or not to play this game because of the comments about the community lmao. Fucking noob over here like bitch, I can't I'll end up muting all the chat bars
I tried to understand but it just went through one ear and out the other. This game seems so complex haha
Tbh this was helpful I’m even more interested in playing now ??
League of legends might be one of the hardest games??? Hello? Has anyone played Starcraft?
Lol will not die anytime soon so thx for the beginner's guid really helped xd
if anyone new needs someone to play with and teach them add me @ Graceful cuts im in the na server
This video was incredibly helpfull ! I've started playing a few days ago and will keep on impoving as much as possible. I especially liked the part where you explained the different key objectives of the map and when/how to play around them.
Great video for beginners. Thanks for putting this together.
dota player here. pls teach me.
hi!! i want to get more into gaming. more specifically pc gaming. ive been gaming on consoles for years now. i was wondering what a good pc gaming system would be? i understand a high power pc will be necessary for games such as league. so if anyone has any recommendations please leave them below!! <3
Never played this game but it looks amazing now
My parents aren't very happy whenever I play this game :(
Maybe It is stupid question but what's different between warrior and knight? I feel struggle with finding out that matter.
Good video, Subbed, Just started playing lol and this + the how to find your ideal playstyle helped very much! :) thank you
Thx for this vid, it really improved my skills and I won't be called as a noob anymore~~~~
Never played the game. Never thought about. Just got my first pc at thirteen. Decided why not.
this helped tons! thank you
im a noob still, but what about dealing with smurfs? i heard it isnt fun dealing with them at all
i just need to find the play button ;-;
The most complex game ever created omegalul
stop lying and saying its the most popular game. Obviously Fortnite is more popular
I think the most difficult part of this game is learning how to build characters with items bought.
League is the most complex game? Nuh uh, dota is proven to be much harder.
Hey guys, anyone down to help each other grow P.S I love your channel.
Dota2 is harder and more complex than LOL
just click shit OMG are you guys dumb !!!!!!!!!!! nah jk it's complex
Am super noob coming from smite
Aeon of Strife was the first MOBA, not DoTA. It was done using a custom map editor on StarCraft 1
My champion is Mordekaiser but how do i do the items like build?
if u're good at Dota, u don't need to watch this video
set the video speed to 150% ;)
Ty
The best beginners guide so far, i just downloaded league and i watched this video thanks bro, i am still in a learning process, love your content
You know it's complicated when the friggin beginners guide is over half an hour long
new to game, anyone want to group up?
Ive played like a total of 2 matches. Im a complete noob, but im bored of Fortnite and everything else now so I guess ill try this for a while.
You just saved me downloading this. Thank you but this is way too cmplex
The most complicated game? Please...
...im so lost
I really want to play League since I've been playing Mobile Legends (Mobile version of the game) for a while now and I wanted to give it a go. I've heard this game has a bad reputation for hating noobs, so I'm afraid of joining? I'm literally afraid of being screamed at? I don't wanna be the only noob in a match full of professional players. How are the matches set up? Do you get put with players at your same level/experience or is it random? Please help, I really want to play.
This is just the video I was looking for. Nice job at explaining just the basics while being clear and thorough. I look forward to watching your other videos. keep up the good work!
This video is great.
Thank for your job. Your video guide simple but firmly. I appreciate you way to explain basis rules of game. Also I found that your guide advantages because you speak slow and clearly, so if alowed me (no native English speaker) understand you.
Just finished a guide on my channel too, good video!
I think you forgot to inlcude you need to either pay 120 dollars for all champs, or play for 3 years consistently to afford 1/3rd of them. SHOUT OUT TO ANY NEW WANNA BE LEAGUE PLAYERS. GO PLAY DOTA 2. ITS BETTER, MORE INTERACTIVE CHARACTER BEHAVIORS,(like turn speed) AND YOU DON'T SHOOT ABILITIES OUT YOUR ASS! wow! ALSO ALL HEROES ARE AVAILABLE FROM DAY 1.
Just Came to hit a like but the comment section xD Limao And why is there Fortnite in the comments xD
can you create an avatar or character
honestly you haven't played Dota 2 if you think LoL is the most complex game :D
Happy birthday, mom!
Every single character is diffrent special and then there is DrAvEn
Not helpful
I’m so stupd... I bought Warwick and a skin and can’t play him for shit ????
Is there a tutorial that teaches me how to figure out why this game is fun?
“Most complex game ever created” lol somebody’s never played dwarf fortress
I've watched this so much but I'm still fucking stupid man wtf
Smite is better don't @ me
Damn so much to learn... not sure if I want to start playing anymore. Thanks for the vid though.
MMMMMM Aeon of strife was the first moba.. not dota
1:30-sorry but that’s bullshit
Facebook games need tutorials?
Which tower should you attack first? Should you always go as a group? Kill monsters as often as possible in the beginning? How often should you press b and go back to spawn.. were looking for answers to those kinda questions
Am currently on vacation so I can’t play LOL yet (have never played it, but watching Tyler1 Rage Montages have convinced me to get into this game), so I’ll watch this vid to satisfy me until I get back
I just started playing. Any others out there who want to build a team, practice and potentially do it professionally? If so message me! I live in NJ, close to NY. Even if you just want someone to play with and practice with I am available.
The most complex game. I LOLed
Just downloaded this game
0:47 cough*fortnite*cough
I just cant controle my character .
Hi there. I used to play World of Warcraft when it first came out for a few years. I absolutely loved it. I left it because they ruined the PVP system when their first expansion came out. I’m in the mood to see if I can find another MMORPG to play again, but I don’t have as many options now as I did back then. So I’m asking for people’s advice that still play this kind of stuff. My 2011 Mac Mini turned into a brick a couple years ago and I haven’t replaced it yet. Currently, all I have is a older Mac laptop that is capped out at OSX 10.6.8 (it can’t be upgraded any further due to hardware), and a PS3 and PS4. Does anyone know of any good MMORPGs that I can play on any of these platforms? I know that there is Diablo III available on the PS4, but I really don’t like that top down perspective shit (like league of legends also has), and I can’t even tell if it is just an RPG or if it actually is an MMORPG, with PVP, and people can voice chat and all that. I could be wrong, but I didn’t look into it too heavily after I saw that top down perspective it has; and it also looks like a very dark game, aesthetically speaking - whereas I like the brightness and colorfulness of World of Warcraft. I want something as close to World of Warcraft vanilla as possible, with different races and classes that can do magic as well as melee, etc... Where there is a lot of community, working together, and PVP. I know about and have played the dark souls series, which is excellent of course, and although it is this similar to WoW in many respects, it is more akin to an RPG than a MMORPG. I heard that you can play World of Warcraft classic on private servers, but it seemed on my initial research that my old Mac laptop won’t be able to do the job. If anyone knows different, feel free to let me know, as that would obviously be ideal for me. Any suggestions would be great! Thanks in advance if anyone has any. :)
I've always seen and heard so much about LoL but haven't tried it yet as i feel that it would be too difficult to get the hang of it. I'm turning 29 early next year so maybe it sounds dumb to say that but could i get any good or at least decent at the game? If someone is reading please tell me what your thoughts are. Thanks in advance.
League of Legends is not a complex game
Yeah i quit the game awhile back then after i tried getting back on i couldnt cuz didnt understand the new shit
Damn dude you use about 30 mins to an 1hr to make a vids to help new players and that is respectable, keep up the good work
Just started League and hope I can learn something from this (^u^)
ok was this video made my a bronzie for the upcoming iron 5's?
I am downloading the game as im watching this,thx kearned alot
Playing smite for a couple of years helped me out learning this since I’m a noob to league of legends
Can you do a rune a summoner spells video for the lanes and what you should look for when choosing. Basically the setup before the game more in depth.
Im not close to being new to this game yet i still learned a few things :p
i think im a bronze :/
Im a dota player and came here to find out what the guides are about. If you wanna play a complex game go play dota. league is all about reflexes. There are so many things you have to think about when you play dota. Like item build hero choice position taking runes, buying ward.... Dota is also balanced, almost all spells in league of legends deal damage but in dota its so different. You also unlock all heroes/champions in dota, you dont have to unlock them. You can counter any hero and pick any hero if you need it, but in league you have to unlock the champion. What are you gonna do if you dont have the champion to counter a specific champion??
Happy bday randomonium's mom
"each player controls a single champion" yeah!? how do you explain morde's ult? huh? huh!?
league originally was A dota2 spinoff for WoW
happy birthday mom
HAPPY BIRTHDAY MOM
Now. If I can just hire you to teach my brother math that would be even better..?? great video
This is helpful
Came here mid game coz ive gotten fucking 0/7/0
5:11 I know this is about league of legends but you have to admit, that was epic.
I understand a good minority of this stuff, I think my biggest problem( and I feel dumb for saying this) I don't know how to build properly. I haven't played the game enough to know what my opponent wants to build, so how do I build to counter them.
masterfully done.
just downloaded league the other day because i'm tired of psyonix doing weird things with rocket league. only other game i've played on PC is rl, so i'm currently trying to learn about the champions while simultaneously getting used to kbm lol. thanks for the informative vid!
Someone from school was talking to me about this game and I want to get into it because I want to know everything about it lol
Hi, came across this game from my cousin he has been playing for think year or more and now I'm am just starting to play today does look a bit confusing watched the whole video and like u said there is a lot to learn but I'm gonna try to play everyday bit to learn more if I get stuck I know where to get your channel but this is a first for me so hope all goes well thanks for the tips sub your channel bit late to the game but trying new things is good and I'm also just getting into pc gaming again but thanks for all the tips great guide for us noobs
League is the most complicated ever. The guy never played Dota2 or Starcraft 2
Going to be new to this I just want to be welcomed in by a good team with good people that are willing to help me as the beginner I am
"league of legends is complex" LMAO
You could never get 2 of the same champion combinations Me:Hold My Beer Grabs 5 friends Realized i dont have friends
I am so confusion.
I have played 30 hours am i still a beginner?
plz tell what the blue lock key on top of your challenger?
now my boyfriend is gunna lay it down on me like a rockstar thanks to this video ??big ups
I love owl but i have to give respect to the other espoet mobas
A wild overwatch league has appeared! A wild Fortnite has appeared! OWL is doing good shit for esports rn and ft is actually extremely uncompetetive and brain dead but biggest game and best esport is questionable but i understand biggest esport.
Interesting
im from dota just started lol and its fxkin easy for me i mean runes and thinGs like dat is so understandable for me maybe cuz i have experience at moba Games who knows.
most complex, no that goes to starcraft
My sister can never play this cuz her nails are long AF ??????
Fortnite is ths most popular game.
GOOD LORD, Didn't know it was this complicated, screw this...
You are a life saver ????????????
Wait, first question: you talk about abilities, where to find them when you choose your character, and how to use them?
Im late but subbed lol <3
No champion suits me I play the mobile game Mobile leagends. and I loved a champion called Hilda She is perfect for me I can't find any champion in LOL that suits me as much as her.... But I love Warwick/jax/xerath/ But in still looking so far the game is really fun...
How do you open the shop in game?
still cant belive the game is free
At around 12:00 I feel you could choose better clips to describe minions. Show waves, and only a single champion instead of champion fights :) Otherwise very good video!
I got a league of legends ad ??????
my teammates send me this link, lol wtf. i was that bad ??
Ayyyyyy I was the 1000th like!!
wow. super helpful, and only one ad. mad props man, keep up the good content
I just started on the video but saying that this game is the most complex ever is too much. Yeah it’s hard but it’s just a moba
Your videos are so detailed and you don't have the amount of subs you deserve, you deserve way more! I thought you had 1M subscribers, but you have 11K, which is impressive because you put so much effort on your videos.
OMG Thank you soo much!! I am a gamer and a sports fan/player and this tutorial makes it very simple for me to understand!
Georgia has started a High School e-sports league, and my school is looking at participating. League of Legends is our first game for season 0. This video was very helpful, and I will be using your guides frequently with my students. If you have any other suggested resources, please let me know.
Bruh this looks so complicated
screw u fornite is better111!!!1!!!111!!!!1 it's a joke pls don't kill me );
Says is the most complicated game, then plays DOTA
Ninjas and assassins yes, but you forgot ninja assassins
reaaally reaallly thank you so much for this information ^^
Wait, is this like Vainglory? I played that before
I've never player this. Should I guys?
Thank u for diz.. Love you. No homo. :)
i'm new to this game i was going to register to play but i dont know what region i'm in i'm from philippines
Im a noob
Noob Noob here and I'm excited to watch this video lol
wouldnt say its the most complex game but yah its complex
Thank you so much for making this! I'm about to download the game right now and I'm really excited! I've just recently been into watching the LoL competitive scene and I wanted to try this game out cus it looked really interesting. I don't really know what to expect though...
Well fortnite is the biggest game ever
This video is amazing for complete beginner's such as myself, thank you so much.
What do you mean
Holy crap dude this is by far the best guide I have ever seen. Subscribed! This will help my noob ass out with LoL, I just started last week.
I watched it anyway, it's good
Upload more
I love your video,it really helped me out in the game
The most complex game ever created. LMAO
league has the most toxic community when it comes to newbies. they attack you and call you disabled and retarded for not knowing how to play...
Im in e sports
Happy birthday mom
I’m from DotA 2. Which parts are simplified actually?
Fortnite just crushed every esport game with the $100 million prize
Ya momma old af
I was gonna get this game once but I decided not to
beginners guide to league of legends. Dont play it
Is every ability from all 140+ really unique
Seems like a cult.
Perfect guide many thanks, i'm brand new to the game and get most of the mechanics, the game is similar to Smite but alot more complex, highly recommended guide to watch very well detailed and described.
Happy birthday mum
i have a couple questions if anyone can help ^^ what is ad? what is true damage? what is "leash" (some people ask in games for someone to leash) what is snowball? sorry if i sound stupid
when its a beginner guide and its 30 minutes long :)))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))
I'm sending this to my friend. He's been playing for a few weeks and now he's level 30, but he plays like he's level 15.
man i wish i had this video when i first started s4 lol. good job on the video
Just started today and well its installing I am watching this, and I LOVE how amazing and informative this video is! Thank you!!!
Dota is better tho
your a buttface
I'm a noob, hello everyone
So this is more popular than fortnite??
lol is complex if so I created God no offence I like how much sh8t there is in it it's my dream game BUT mouse only game? nope the only reason I'm not going back is that if lol had smite movement and ability system i would play it 24/7
Just out of interest I downloaded league then I searched for a beginners video and oh my god 140 champions count me in
This is the best guide yet but this game is still so HARD. Forget learning all classes. One class is hard enough
I thought this game would be easy to learn, boy was I wrong. May be because I am watching it at 2 in the morning.
Not even half way through the video and i can already tell this is an amazing guide. Super in depth and great for noobs and beginners like me. Keep it up man!
Is everything about the Game free? (No.) Some aspects of the Game may require you to pay a fee, and you agree that you’ll provide accurate and complete payment info to us or the third-party payment provider used by us. You further agree to pay all fees and applicable taxes incurred by you or anyone using an account registered to you. We may revise the pricing for the Game or any item associated therewith at any time. All fees and charges are payable in accordance with payment terms in effect at the time the fee or the charge becomes due and payable. We may, from time to time, modify, amend, or supplement our fees and fee-billing methods, and such changes shall be effective immediately upon posting in this Agreement or elsewhere on the Website or in the Game. If there is a dispute regarding payment of fees to us, your account may be terminated or suspended without warning or notice at our sole discretion. ANY APPLICABLE FEES AND OTHER CHARGES FOR FEE-BASED SERVICES (INCLUDING RIOT POINTS) ARE PAYABLE IN ADVANCE AND AREN’T REFUNDABLE IN WHOLE OR IN PART. YOU’RE FULLY LIABLE FOR ALL CHARGES TO YOUR ACCOUNT, INCLUDING ANY UNAUTHORIZED CHARGES. if that's the case, I don't pay to play, ill give this game a big miss.
I am a Dota 2 player since 2015 just installed LoL to see the difference. I found out that the heroes they let beginners play are then taken away after level 5. I didn't understand that. Can you tell me a hero...Champion that I can stick to before and after level 5 or 15 whatever. Can you recommend me a carry/ADC champ? Don't mind the difficulty ,I make sure I play at least 50 games against bots before jumping in pubs. Thanks .
making LoL sound a lot more complicated than it is smh
nice video. I enjoy it, but word of advice. It would be AMAZING if you had a time thing in the comments or whatever so people could just skip to whatever part they want to learn about. For instance lets say 15 minutes in you begin to talk about which lanes do which, it would be great if you had a time in the comments so we could click on that and skip right to that part
Thanks so much for this video! As a beginner it’s really overwhelming with how many components there are.
my first game someone told me i barley did anything and were being so toxic
man i only started playing league two days ago and this guide was super helpful. well done.
I'm thinking about getting into this I've been. Playing heroes of the storm for a while and I'm thinking about testing something a little more complex I guess. Would you say the number of beginners is a decent amount?
in my first game of lol I didn't know what do and had some kid yell at me
lots of really good information in here thanks for making it, plus well made :D
I really liked this vid man, thanks!!!
My friend and I started playing today and this is a huge help! When you get near the enemy Nexus is it better for all of your team to start attacking at once?
I started the game today and this helped alot! Cool video man! Keep up the good work! :D
thank you this was very helpful
That's a cute shoutout to your mom. Happy Late Bday :PP
Fantastic. I was looking for an newer update but most beginner videos are 2 years old
Wait, so how do I get over the fear of being flamed at on my first game?
do more beginner guides for LoL, I just started and this is so easy to understand!!!
How do we know if the opponent were going against does physical or magical damage
This video should never be used as a guide by anyone, its so factually incorrect its baffling.
1:33 implying that league is more complicated then dota, starcraft, hearthstone, WoW and many other games AHAHHAAHAH
lol, why does this video have so few views? this is leterally the most useful video Randomonium has ever made
Little correction: World of Warcraft was actually in development before Warcraft 3. Warcraft 3 was inspired by WoW and setting up the world they wanted to create.
"Why would you watch someone else play video games when you could just play them yourself?" is one of the most annoying questions of all time. Why are there sports tournaments? Why do people watch the World Cup, when they could be playing football themselves? It's the exact same question, and the amount of people who watch football (or any other sport) competitions but don't understand why people would want to watch others play video games is the only ludicrous thing here. P.S. Love your content :)
I'm not a new player : Like and comment just for the support ;) I love your intro tho
I'm showing this to my dad. Thank you!
it has been a while since i last played league and needed some updates. the primer you made about juggernauts made me choose illaoi as a main. good job friend. keep it up
I have been playing since season 4, guess I still need to watch this video lol. Silver trash forever xd
How much time did u spend to make this video? Its so easy to understand thats amazing
First
Must be the best guide out there for complete beginners. Great job dude, I wish I saw something like this when I first started playing, a few weeks went by before I kinda grasped most things you said here, I used to run into enemy towers because I confused team sides lol