https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=J74KJfSzJp4
0.01 omg Tyler ffs
anyone hears hentai at 8:35 ?
why i allways have to put down my sound to a minnimum when tyler talks Q_Q
10:16 hmmm
Gl to tylers neighbours and family
3:40 rip t1
5:46 wtf
THE TRASH
2:47 "STRONGLY AGREE" ??
PATRAAAAASHHHHHHHHHHH
Like Sub to me I’ll sub to you
9:01 which one is Tyler?
0:58 Wolf did the job not faker xD
More ads please
Tyler must kill himself
Wow drake
Tyler1 showing that...passion?
Would be nice to add the view counts on each clip
to be honest. I rly belive madlife is the best player of all time.
3:42 wtf she didnt even marked him
How to get views: Include T1, qtpie, faker and pokimane in the thumbnail
What hot fix is Tyler talking about at the end lol
Tyler's reaction to getting 1 shot is fucking gold
8:16 Lee sin I love you
he just school shooter'd the crowd and the player
Cabalo imundo do caralho
Clickbait ??
10:52 anyone else hear that woman who sounds like she just had her first orgasm?
Sibscribe to me
Tyler and Yasuo have so many anger issues lol its so funny to watch them rage quit.
3:41
POKIMANE shouldn’t be on here fuck you POkimane
It's irritates the shit out of me that Faker gets the credit for that play at 1:00 that was ALL Wolf and Huni
Ratatata
T1 is funny as heck
The last clip LOOOL
3:35 I’m fucking dead ??????
5:45 El macho
Name 2:41 and 3:33? Please :3
6:47 Can't Stop laughing. ??
Ur a clickbait monster
Wat bout u have no mana clip huh?
autism
And now Tyler1 is playing Quinn....
8:41 Duke tho <3 :/
Why didnt you name it : "Tyler1 and friends" would make more sence
Where is "RIGHT THROUGH THE COUNTERSTRIKE!!!"
5 ads in 10 minutes. Instant dislike
How is this game fun to u guys, it looks so boring
The clip with trick make me laugh every time
Not a hater or supporter of any pros but it was pretty much SKT Wolf and the guy is like AND FAKERS SHOCKWAVE WILL FIND THEM ALL like..
10:25, this moment. Uhh.
Everyone at riot knows tyler for sure :)
Nope
3:04 Ibai best caster ever :D
"Faker shockwave finds them all" but they don't mention wolf who made it all happen... smh...
Is that really drake????
Tyler is so right on the last clip, this game is so unbalanced but I'm just addicted to it.
Where is the clip of tyler with his food slipping off the plate?
8:38 That's when the oragasm starts happening xD
Le dio un beso Ibai? ahahahahah
COIN FLIP + TOXIC + UNBALANCED = DEADGAME
Poki is so cringe all the time. Ban her already.
T1 is really pissed off with the developers earning money just sitting for 9hrs and balancing champs while he earns money just sitting for 9hrs and playing the game and complaining
Tyler no.1
8:35 someone dieing in the background
half of these are from like half a year ago
You have to eat? 4 ads..
5:50 did Meteos actually say that with a girl next to him?
Good to see yassuo making it in the vid... OMEGALUL
i think this is T1 other channel
What happend to tyler1 why isnt he in highlights anymore or uploads to youtube
From the Korean moaning at SKT DUKE from good ol' T1, this was a lovely vid.
i only can see tyler
1:35 NA baron
faker pressed r they go wild that second clip was all rakan FeelsBadMan
Faker zed vs zed clip ?
eww pokimane
8:35 wtf is that moaning/screaming
Tyler’s girls friends has her work cut out for her
tyler is always complaining about changes that can be fixt at any time wow what a baby
Riot made tyler1 their own bitch :/
This is probably the best video youve done
the poki clip wansnt even funny how did it get so many views wtf i fuckin ghate poki
tyler1's clips in 50% of this video
3:10 you can feel the tension between them
Should be Faker and T1 compilation
Wait. Faker gets on here just for a little side step??? On Taric??? Ive done that like a hundred times why am I not on here??? And ive done that as Braum. Overrated trash
FIX THE GAME
kys pokimane, dont ever put that thot in here ever again
faker's kass hhhahaha didn't know he's a comedian.
"Ohhh my pussy is getting stretched"
We all came here just to rewatch the last clip
Old
is there a girl dying in the background 8:38
Am I the only one who notice about a girl moaning in 8:30
When that clip of Tyler saying the game is shit goes viral u know league is in a shit state lol
8:30 wtf those background noises
Funny how t1 has like more than 10 clips in the top 25
10:07 I cant stop laughin xD
I fucking lose it at the meteos one every time
holy!!! the last clip!!! lol
8:30 that background orgasm
0:26 best duo 2k18
jfc... tyler is cringey as fuck
Heart me dude : >
Sure this is of "ALL TIME"? I really did not expect these clips. I thought Faker's Zed outplay would be 1st
Imaqtpie complication
Why there's no number of viewers included on each clip?
:)
5:45 oh my god. THE CRINGE. I Cant. Why is his mom watching, and why does he say that... DOUBLE CRINGE
at like 8.30 or 8.40 there is a girl moaning for like 10 secs straight lmfao
What are those clips
Bring back old outro
1st