SSG ambition uses skt t1 zac skin while they fight skt t1...
wtf 7 kills all game. league looks good but needs dotas depth.
Anyone here after "Rise" ????
RISE ndeaaaaaah
Rise! Rise!
Well looks like I'm a bit late
score is 0-0 at 23 mins final score is 7-0 is this soccer?
people waited 40 min to actually see some action in the game, what a boring game
Those guys are giving SKT too much credit...
I came here to watch faker play leblanc.
Im still crying for faker ;-; T-T
the crowd attendance looked as though they were watching a match of Real Madrid. ??
Legends never die thats true
whatthefuck this is so bored
The way Faker is proudly sitting he is really giving the vibe of anime final boss
noob varus
Ssg is SSW ??
lol this for nerds ??
great game..lol,can i share him at my fresh lol wabsite?? https://www.lolplays.org/
American game 2017 World Championship Korean team vs Korean team lol
Huni is the first person i have seen use a non snowday gnar skin
Faker stupidest player in the game, loser.
waiting for that SSG xayah and SSG janna skins
40:00 first blood 22:38 In beonze it is at min.00:30 XD
They could of just stole baron and let gragas die only. That was the major turning point. And 4 with baron split pushing would have helped. Wow ssg dominated
This skt is not the same skt we know ...
Anyone Else Hears The Loud Burp In 13:11? And Another One At 42:26? AND ANOTHER ONE AT 42:56
k honestly I know like pro players and all that, but honestly this game has become soooooooooooooooooooooooo boring to watch. literally the WORLD CHAMPIONSHIP, NOTHING HAPPENS for like 25 minutes while they just walk around and pve.
why can i watch lolesport only on 720p? like they are the only one that i cant watch smoothly on 1080p...
Samsung galaxy is win rules is the best
SSG???skt?????
That drag can someone explain it to me??
Sooo it's ok to rush certain boots? I see Malz and Varus did ??
Yup, Hunni is thrash.
Lol anyone else think this just looks like ordinary league playing?
I want to see Samsung Tristana skin for tribute to MVP Bang so i can use it when i feel like trolling and play against my own team for fun...!!!
Scary, how LoL resembles real life. They don't have to kill you to completely dominate you. They just wear you down with superior strategy. I hope SKT learns enough from their defeats and gives an earthshaking comeback to be back, where they belong - no. 1 of the world (Korea, for all that matters here).
So sad for Faker ..
4:0 by whole game ? BOOOORIIINNGGGG Riot killed league of legends TANKS TANKS SHIELDS SHIELDS and not fun anymore.
Deficio talks way too much in his casts. There are two other casters. I want to hear someone else's perspective for a change.
Who's here because it was on 9gag?
SSG is the best example of winning a game with pushing
Just like SSW years ago. Play the map. Systematic.
This was a sold match for sure. SKT didn't even do anything serious about warding and cleaning wards, and they didn't do anything about like.. nothing. I hope it was worth for them to sell this one. Happy to see others win tho.
Can't believe skt allowed themselves to lose oh well
everyone is like SKT played so bad, comon give some credit to SSG their season and run was a great one.
Everyone of them has glasses... duh.
the announcers keep saying that skt always have amazing comebacks. ya know if there suppose to be this amazing team shouldnt they never have to comeback? XD
One of the worst game i have ever seen in my life (I've played lol since 7 years) Honestly, no ganks during lane phase, no kills, no teamfight at all because they are not worth, only 100% focus on objectives. Riot really you destroyed your own game in the name of the moneygod. What a pity
Can you guys figure out a way to post the games without people seeing that there’s only three games, once we watch this game it spoils the rest because we will know who won.
Losing is part of becoming stronger and better
Why is freak casting the grand finals? that guy is too annoying for me too watch.
they should't have to initiate a team fight after peanut stole the baron what a wrong move
SSG with an awesome game
Papa Smithy best commentator ! Such a nice guy and very good commentary
Can I just say, lol has 120 champions. Only 13or 14 is viable
This was very boring to watch though, no fights going on at all
Varus skin is like woman arrow in the Metin2 ????
Skt got paid to lose, so disappointed ??
You got Huni. you win the game. he is very understable
Faker is thinking about who is the best ad carry, and he find its Bang, Bang can defeat faker.
Legends never d....... wait a minute!
unicorn of love will win next year
Peanut Steals Baron from SSG (big mistakes there) and Dies . Should be the End of the play...but Faker Flashes into the baron Pit IMO is the mistake that led to the 4 kills, So Weird of him , Maybe he hoped he will melt them with their Mr down from baron ?! too risky , too costy GGWP SSG well deserved.
Gnar wants a play safe.
You should have dummy videos for game four and five. It’s hard to not see that’s there’s only three games, so whoever wins the first game won the series. It’s a request from people like me who like to be in suspense.
Wow. Lulu vs. Janna! How exciting!
already knew the results Before the finals..... SKT have been so inconsistent this split. They change their roster so much that they never get attuned with each other..
SKT just got out rotated lol
3 things should happen: need to change top laner of SKT. Huni is not good enough. Secondly, replace Peanut. Thirdly, Bang made so many mistakes, I think, he is not bothered any more.
39:50 Why did SKT even decided to commit to this fight? They could of just let Gragas's death be worth it since he stole the baron,they also had no wards for huni to teleport til it was too late and wasn't in mega gnar to make any plays nor even close to it. with the baron buff SKT they could of just turtled it out til gragas respawns again. Im no SKT fanboy but it was dumb to make that move
GET REKT!
this matches are soooooooooooooooooooooo boring, it's just both teams farming, 2 team fights and that's it...
Me juego lo que sea que esto está arreglado. No puede ser coincidencia que hayan jugado tan mal... Deme hace muy obvio que perdieron a propósito
Spoiler Alert - Faker cries
53:40 "only 5 kills" ... I guess 2 of those didn't count :P
1.02.56 / GURAG... GURAGURAGURAGURAGURAGURAGURAAAAAAA NIIIIICEUUUUU!!! LMAO!
Rewatching and wondering if Faker was feeling tired
lol 0.58 LMS and South east asia XD so good
I think skt lost the game of wards hard time thats why they lost
53:35 that tilted faker face
you guys need to upload 5 videos for every game. This is so stupid, Ive had every game ruined for me just by looking to my right after game 1.
???,SKT???????
good guy observer nailing it on Kobe's vision request
If they were japanesse they already comited suicide, 3-0 its a huge beat up
Skt.bang,the only ADC on the world to beat faker...
SSG Zac with skt skin LOL
so much diversity for support builds and champions x)
Omg this is the worst skt t1 team ever this was beter when bengi and duke where here :(
What if Riot paid SKT to perform badly this year??? :O issa joke
Wolf been wolfing...them steaks...
Almost a perfect game.? The broadcasters wanted a pentakill???? Ha ha ha funny
Why does everyone hate skt? Should SKT lose on purpose without a real fight every year?? Wtf are your problems dudes
Is nobody going to talk about the fact that Ambition used SKT Zac ?
It just took me the longest time to realize Zac had the SKT skin, rip
Faker cry because of bang he is so so so bad in the final
complete shutdown. AHAHAHAHAHAH well played SSG
SKT T1 Zac ;)
The feel when you use a skt skin against skt
3 mountain dragons Congratulations Riot, you have successfully pulled down the GOD wait, no RIOT you are the GOD
Just ssg wins Skt win they get no skins so for wad just let others Selfish skt
As soon as I saw the varus pick for SK, I knew they would lose ! Worst ad pick ever ! Why Bang dont pick a Twitch -_-
Finally new skins I am happy about it.
How many people were there?
I'm broken!
This is a list of all off the Highlights. If you don't want to see/read spoilers don't continue Reading. This is probably the most boring match in Worlds 2017. 20:33 Crown nearly solos Faker 39:50 Fight around Baron 50:39 Cuvee 1 vs 2 52:50 Last engae, Stay till the end.
11:43, the panda eyebags, that gave it away the results. I like him a lot as a player especially in the Jhin/Ashe meta, those were precise as a robot. Maybe he still has it, but when the mentality is not there, you would not perform anything.
The crowd is huge. Makes me feel proud.
11:55 Pick & Ban 17:05 Game Start
what was the best midlane play they've ever seen from faker? Which game was it?
Oof
Picks and bans : 11:57 Game starts at 16:44 You're welcome :D
boohoo cry baby
Someone captured faker tilted and crying face??
gg
it wokrs now
Anyway GG for SSG, I'm tired that always wins SKT team and their performance was very bad in this championship. (misfits was near to victory and i remember them as winners of this championship)
Why won't it work
Hello world! First comment :)