No bulls highlights?
Kelly is cute asf tho????
That Boban play thooooo??????
Embiid blocked brown
Watch out for Levert this might be his breakout season
Did I just? Am I a Trey Young fan now? Was not expecting that to happen I only clicked to rewatch D-Rose drop a Curtis Jackson on the Utah Jazz YO I'LL GIVE YOU $1 MILLION DOLLARS IF YOU FIGHT FOR BELLATOR DEREK ROSE!
0:46 travel
The lack of DeRozan in this clip is blasphemous. 2 game winners and they're showing preseason shit SMH
Nice!
he commentator at 16:40 had me dead ¨
That first defensive play from Kawhi is just inhuman.
16:40 16:40 16:40
First we have the no look pass but now we have a no look steal
where can i get a good ad blocker
??????
at 1:00 Durant missed a clutch shot, but no one is talking shit... xD imagine that being Lebron
Everyone’s just shooting from half court now?
Doncic is special
October was honestly an amazing month of basketball. One of the best starts overall Ive seen
J Allen has blocked Blake Griffin twice...
That double block is the staple of the Rap coming/current season niceee
Did anyone else get thrown off by piglet @16:40?
The Lakers try to start the season 3-6 to honor Lebron
Allen’s block on griffin ??
1:26 I miss when blake used to jump out the gym
11:16 that's some 2k cheese..
Khawi Leonard Sick ,KD is snake
It is just me, or is there a lot of last second highlights in less than a month?
Plenty of preseason clips on here and dumb put back lay ups and flooded with Atlanta hawks plays but not a single DeRozan clip and he's been going off making crazy plays in October. Spurs stay getting no love that's crazy
15:50 that dance nigga 6ix9ine got NBA players doing stupid shit ????????
It say nba season you put some preseason
16:40 lol this commentators voice is so good
i don’t know you and you don’t know me but if you hated or doubted d ?? then don’t act like you’ve been there and start hyping it up.. of course any positive energy towards him is appreciated but you know what i mean. not tryna start something just stating what i’ve seen these past hours
No russ alley oop??????
14:30 Wait What?????
Any special for lbj ? Just a dunk
NBA should have shown the highlights of LeBron missing 2 clutch free throws to win the game
14:31 get out of my hood
The commentator at 16:40 sounds like Kermit The Frog.
Derrick rose dropped 50 ??
There was so many half court shots.??
Trae Young Rookie of the year for sure !
No Zach LaVine love
Why the two lebron's wide open dunk are there ?
I'm happy 'cause most of movies related to the NBA are filled with what DRose has archived tonight
my hawks are ballin tf out. Just wait ??
like this to live
Trae Young is proving a lotta people wrong so far.
Where is the slam dunk of lillard againist lakers ??
that announcer at 16:40 was the best
Can’t lie raps jersey’s are dope
2011 mvp
damn sam deker broke tatums ankles
Bruh why are they showing preseason games
16:40 . Foreign commentators crack me up
The commentator at 16:40 had me dead ??
Trey already got a signature move, the nutmeg pass
DSJ still pushed off on Butler tho
29
man still , watching D Rose dropping 50 last night, truly it was something to behold ! that emotion coming out of him, thanks for not giving up on the fans bro, just incredible
There are a lot of teams surprising us from the Bucks being undefeated to bad teams like the Kings to having a 500 start to their season to teams we thought that were going to do well like the Lakers and Rockets having a 1-6 record to Ty Lue getting fired from the Cavs this season has kicked off to a great start this year and I hope there is more greatness to come from these teams
It was getting good then I heard "BINGO!" , man I hate that guy.
blake getting blocked at the rim all the time, they used to be posters
Charlotte footage looks like it's from 1990
Minus GSW being unbeatable for a ring, this is a very exciting season filled with surprises.
2:15 Hype scream inc.
The game of basketball seems easy for kawhi
Derrick 2011 MVP Rose!
??????
Toy story :the claw!!
a very entertaining October NBA
Watching D.rose dropping 50 pts was crazy man?? and that moment of him crying was one of the best moments in NBA history, Thanks for never giving up??.
im a school like if you agree
Bulls Derrick rose is back
Yag
This has been one of the best starts to an NBA season in a long time. So many epic moments!
Best page on YouTube
NBA send me something
first view comment and like
Omg
Damn