Fuck the knicks
Knicks have Laker delusions. Thing is, big names actually like LA. Knicks players have all the pressure from all sides for no apparent reason. Why do the fans have such high hopes, I mean even the Nets are doing better.
Bench
Archaic
The NY Rangers: Once, Twice, 50 years a lolcow. When?
Forgot to mention Dolan charges regular season admission prices as if the Knicks are in the NBA Finals, in which they will NEVER be in as long as he's still owner.
Four words guaranteed to piss off Knicks fans: Eight points, nine seconds.
Not my utah jazz man Hornaceck. Not gonna lie prolly spelled that wrong. I been off basketball since Malone went to LA, and I forgot how to spell.
Porzingis is too much of a player for the NY Knicks.
You know there’s another team in New York..
Holy crap, this is Fat Mann ? The Fat Mann that did the hilarious Batman for Sega Genesis review? Ohhhh maaaannn! "How...the f***...do you get up"??!! haha cracks me up everytime SUBBED!
So true
I like this series... do the Oakland/Los Angeles/Las Vegas Raiders next
NYC just has the Yankees lol... Possibly USA's most recognizable city only has one great sports team.
The only thing the knicks deserve is to disband and leave the nba forever and get killed in a second 9/11. Because thats the only thing new york is good at
If the Knicks didn't play in New York, they'd be about as relevant as the Sacramento Kings.
I've seen people get into arguments online about who's better (or worse): the Knicks or the Nets.
The new York Knicks are terrible!
An incompetent boob who happens to grope them as well....that might be my new favorite insult.
James Dolan gives very Michael Scott-like looks when he starts speaking bullshit.
"Latvian Hulk Smash" I'm a Knicks fan but that was so damn hilarious, I couldn't stop laughing at that part.
Thank god the Giants and the Yankees are always competitive watching the Knicks and the Rangers are so depressing.
Is that really the correct way to say Joakim Noah's name? Mind fucked if it's true, I've been saying it wrong for years
Knicks plz trade porzingis to the raptors plzzzzz
FYI, his name is pronounced Joe-ah-kim, not Wah-keem.
Every year I am right about the Knicks, for once I want to be wrong and see this team surprise me.
@urinatingtree Remember Isaiah Thomas bankrupted and entire league. Remember the old Continental Basketball Association?
I am a diehard Knicks fan from Brooklyn and this is so true!
Remember the 12-13 season when the Knicks were favorites to upset Lebron and the Heat only for Tyson Chandler to make Roy Fucking Hibbert look like Ralph Sampson and blow it to WHADDAYA KNOW THE FUCKING PACERS. Porzingis is the greatest Knick since Ewing...aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaand there goes his ACL. Here's hoping he recovers and doesn't lose all his talent when he comes back or worse end up like Derrick Rose. But knowing management he's fucked.
Srsly, why are New York teams, aside from the Yankees, so bad?!
Isaiah Thomas was so fucking embarrassing.
Please do a video about my team, the Memphis Grizzlies. They absolutely suck this year.
The Knicks best summed up by Wee-Bey from season 1 of The Wire. "Damn...the Knicks fucked up they draft again"
Without our Porzingis your team would be like the Coyotes of the NHL.
New York Basketball is horrible... utterly horrible, that’s why we all clinch baseball lol
Knicks fan here haven't watched them since 98 just awful
I miss Linsanity
That "huh" at the end was perfectly executed. Just like both teams' playoff hopes for the next few years.
Lakers need a lolcow video ASP Goddamn Ball family
This team is going to be shit for as long as I live, jfc
WTF?!?!?!?! 00:54 to 00:56 if that is not a travel then WTF IS??!?!?!?!?!?! Dude took 4 steps at least
At least the good news is that the Knicks got rid of Phil Jackson a month after this video was released, so they did SOMETHING right.
Ugh, you had to throw in the Rangers postseason loss too, huh?
What you said about getting names instead of making them sounds just like the Miami Dolphins. Please do them
do the bulls lol
Los angeles Lakers lonzo balll
Do more nba videos
this is facts the kicks is trash
this is facts the kicks is trash
Can you do the Charlotte Hornets next
it's pronounced joe-kim noah, that's how i know you don't really watch basketball. you tried to sound like you knew what you were talking about by pronouncing his name like joaquin phoenix while just googling other peoples' opinions about basketball and parroting them in your video. you're like the youtube version of skip bayless
I don't know if you could still call the Knicks the Professional Basketball's LolCow, when they are in 7th place with a 16 - 13 record and a 4 game winning streak!
Speaking of the Bulls... Have you seen them this season?
The Memphis Grizzlies: Pro Basketball's BLUES The Phoenix Suns: Pro Basketball's Eclipse And still waiting on CLIPPERS LOF
M u h T r i a n g l e
That ranger clip at the end. You have made my day
New York basketball is like California football
well not this season so far. Thats Chicago at this point
what's the name of the song at around the 5:00 mark??
Please do the shit out of my Dallas Mavericks next.
Danica Patrick.
Knicks will trade their best player Porzingis for a 40 yr old Lebron James within the next few seasons. That would be a typical Knicks' move. LOL
The Knicks have been a joke for decades. Overrated big market franchise. No NBA title since 1973!
The Knicks are 5-4 right now. It is too early in the NBA season, but they're definitely looking better than last season.
Wakeem Noah
Phil Jackson is probably happy now just being home in Montana and smoking weed all day
Anthony... Thunder now.
You called him "wakim" noah.
"Muh triangle!" -Phil Jackson, head coach of 11 championship teams, worst executive in Knicks history
They're even more fucked without melo now
2 words tell the story of the Knicks... Jared Jefferies
I like that line, passive aggressive twat, think I,ll use it.
you should do the wizards as the former lolcows
As a Knicks fan I approve this video
The Orlando Magic
I like to see a video on the T-Wolves. For the exception of the Kevin Garnett years, they have been pathetic. Bad draft after bad draft.
Fuck the rangers
Do the Phoenix Suns or Bandwagon Warriors fans!
I'm beginning to think this guy commentating is a nerd stuck in his house.
This team sounds like me playing gm mode in NHL games, taking big names with no care for anything but the fact I know their names
You say Joakim Noah's name wrong.
I can't even blame people for despising the always awful Knicks, it's like if the Yankees' only championships were those ones at the end of the 70s and had the exact same smug personality.
Two Letters Off...
DO THE WNBA!! A league of lolcowdom!!!
Ugh that Ranger dig at the end hurt even more lol
DO SD/LA CLIPPERS LEGACY OF FAILURE VIDEO
Tingis Pingis!
I am a knicks fan, and rape isn't allowed on ytube!!
Make one of these on the Phoenix Suns, I would have a blast watching that one.
Have you ever bought into the rumor that the NBA fixed the '85 Draft Lottery so the Knicks would get Patrick Ewing?
Q: What do you call an New York Knicks player with a championship ring? A: A thief. Q: What's the difference between the New York Knicks and a dollar bill? A: You can still get four quarters out of a dollar bill. Q: What do the New York Knicks and possums have in common? A: Both play dead at home and get killed on the road! Q: What is the difference between a Knicks fan and a baby? A: The baby will stop whining after awhile. Q: How many New York Knicks players does it take to change a tire? A: One, unless it's a blowout, in which case they all show up Q: What's the difference between the Miami Heat and the New York Knicks? A: The last Heat NBA Finals team picture isn't in black and white. Q: What do you call 12 millionaires around a TV watching the NBA Finals? A: The New York Knicks. Q: How do you keep an New York Knicks player out of your yard? A: Put up a basketball net. Q: What do the Knicks and a nail have in common? A: They are both good till they hit the wood. Q: What is a New York Knicks fan's favorite whine? A: "We can't beat Boston." Q: How do you stop an New York Knicks fan from beating his wife? A: Dress her in Boston Green and White! Q: What is th difference between a bucket of shit and an New York Knicks fan? A: The bucket. Q: What's the difference between Carmelo Anthony and time? A: Time passes. Q: If you have a car containing a Knicks power forward, a Knicks point guard, and a Knicks center, who is driving the car? A: The cop. Q: How do you casterate an New York Knicks fan? A: Kick his sister in the mouth Q: What should you do if you find three New York Knicks basketball fans buried up to their neck in cement? A: Get more cement. Q: What's the difference between an New York Knicks fan and a carp? A: One is a bottom-feeding, scum sucker, and the other is a fish. Q. How did the New York Knicks fan die from drinking milk? A. The cow fell on him! Q: What does an New York Knicks fan do when his team has won the NBA Finals? A: He turns off the PlayStation 3. Q: How many New York Knicks fans does it take to change a lightbulb? A: None. Lava lamps don't burn out man! Q: What does a New York Knicks fan and a bottle of beer have in common? A: They're both empty from the neck up. Q: Why do New York Knicks fans keep their season tickets on their dashboards? A: So they can park in handicap spaces. Q: How do the Knicks spend the first week of training camp? A: Studying the Miranda Rights Q: How do you keep a Knicks fan from masterbating? A: You paint his dick Boston green and white and he won't beat it for years! Q. Why do ducks fly over Madison Square Garden upside down? A. There's nothing worth craping on! Q: Why doesn't Albany have a professional basketball team? A: Because then New York City would want one. Q: What do you call a New York Knick in the NBA Finals? A: A referee. Q: Did you hear that New York's basketball team doesn't have a website? A: They can't string three "Ws" together. Q: Why are New York Knicks jokes getting dumber and dumber? A: Because Knicks fans have started to make them up themselves. Q: What's the difference between the New York Knicks and a pinball machine? A: You can score more points against the Knicks. According to a new poll 91 percent of people are satisfied with their lives. The other 9 percent are New York Knicks fans. Can a New York Knicks player drive a stick? Only if they remove the clutch. My wife was about to put my son in a Knicks jersey, but I reminded her it was a choking hazard. I took my broken vacuum cleaner back to the store. They put a Knicks jersey on it and now it sucks again. Why did the New York Knicks fan cross the road.....I was thinking when I accelerated. I heard Donald Trump is going to build a wall with all the bricks the New York Knicks laid tonight. A New York Knicks fan doesn't always eat pastries, but when he does it's usually a turnover.  submissons by: heykohasan, mikeagostinelli, noahlondon94
Knicks Fan A Knicks fan dies on match day and goes to heaven in his Blue and Orange jersey. He knocks on the old pearly gates and out walks St. Peter. "Hello mate" says St. Peter, "I'm sorry, no Knicks fans in heaven." "What ?" exclaims the man, astonished. "You heard, no Knicks fans." "But, but, but, I've been a good man", replies the Knicks supporter. "Oh really", says St. Peter. "What have you done, then ?" "Well" said the supporter, "Three weeks before I died, I gave 100 dollars to the starving children in Africa". "Oh" says St.Peter. "anything else?" "Well, 2 weeks before I died I also gave 100 dollars to the homeless." "Hmmm. Anything else?" "Yeah. A week before I died I gave 100 dollars to the Albanian orphans." "Okay", said St. Peter, "You wait here a minute while I have a word with the god." Ten minutes pass before St. Peter returns. He looks the bloke in the eye and says, "I've had a word with God and he agrees with me. Here's your $300 dollars back, now fuck off". Genie A Knicks fan and a Celtics fan stumble upon a magic lamp. The Knicks fan gets to it first, picks it up and gives it a rub. There's a flash, a puff of smoke, and a genie appears The genie looks at the 2 men and demands to know who it was that rubbed the lamp. Delighted, the Knicks fan announces that it was him. "Okay," says the genie, "So you get 3 wishes. But there's a catch." "What's that then?" asks the 'Gers fan. "Well, whatever you wish for, I'll give the other guy double." "That's alright with me," says the Knicks fan, and starts the ball rolling by wishing for a million pounds. "Granted!" says the genie, "But the Celtics fan gets 2 million." "Fair enough. Now, I'd like a nice new Ferrari," "Done. But the Celtics fan gets 2 Ferraris." "Okay," says the Knicks fan, "I'd like to donate a kidney.  submissons by: heykohasan, mikeagostinelli, noahlondon94
Condoms What's clear and goes on a prick? A clear condom, What's black and goes on a prick? A black condom, What's blue and orange and goes on a prick? A Knicks Jersey. Thats A Problem What do you call 10 New York Knicks fans on the moon? A problem. What do you call 100 New York Knicks fans on the moon? A problem. What do you call 1000 New York Knicks fans on the moon? Still a problem. what do you call all of the New York Knicks fans on the moon? PROBLEM SOLVED! submissons by: heykohasan, mikeagostinelli, noahlondon94
Y'all got rid of Phil, you're about to trade Melo, you got some young players, just embrace the tank and stockpile future assets. You aren't luring any big free agents to NY any time soon.
such a joke of an organization
I stopped being a Knicks fan in 2010 (I'm now a Spurs fan) and it looks like I haven't been missing much.
what a shitty team I choosed to cheer _ _ '
You see, in New York you can only get one or two good teams a year. Giants and Yankees seem to get their shit together and the Knicks and Rangers seem like they're that 20 year old waffle house down that was taken over by the crack addicts down the street, wait, that didn't happen and it's just poor management? What's the difference?
I have considered becoming a Boston fan if they traded for Porzingis. Then a 6ers fan because they have Redick and a functional team now. Or the Raptors simply because they are better. Or literally everyone else in the NBA except for the Nets, especially after the draft. #PhilJacksonSucks #KillTheTriangle
next lolcow should be the Mariners
There needs to be one of these on the Hornets/Bobcats. They at one point a few seasons ago had the worst record in the history of the league.
Make a Phil Jackson got fired video!
knicks fans unite
I'm from nyc so yea this shit hurts??
Phil Jackson is now gone. So, who's going to lead the New Knicks Reign of Terror now?
That Rangers part at the end made for a great laugh!
Phil Jackson is finally gone...
clippers legacy of failure?
PHIL'S GONE NOW HURRAH!!!!!!!!!!!!! RIP HIS TRIANGLE
Anyone else watching this after Phil got fired?
With Phil Jackson gone, the New York Knicks will make significant strides to suck a little less.
The irony of this, Dolan just told Phil Jackson to fuck off.
The Zenmaster has left the building
Please do a lolcow video on the Bulls.
re for knicks
Wahkeam Noah
Do a Lolcow for the Chicago Bulls
The Knicks give me crippling depression
might as well be the fucking Bermuda triangle lmfaooo
this was fcuking hilarious!
Lets be honest the knicks dont even compare to the nets
more nba videos, dude you're the man!
The knicks are the saddest team in professional sports. They have the money. They should be good. But they don't need to be good to make insane money. Phil Jackson is ruining the team and is only still here because he drafted KP. Just let Hornacek run his offense and stop overpaying has beens
Do the Phoenix Suns, but focus on the bad management, and not talent (because they've had great players).
No wonder Stephen A. was so mad when he talks about this team.
- The funny thing is, Dolan also owns the Rangers too; granted, they haven't won a Stanley Cup since their epic 1994 season, still their lone Cup since 1940, but at least they've been a perennial playoff contender...although they only have 1 Cup Final appearance( lost to the LA Kings in 2014 in 5 games, lost all 3 games on the road in LA...all in overtime )to show for it anyway.
0:54 How is that not traveling?
I'm so happy Dolan knows nothing about hockey and keeps his hands out of the Rangers.
The 76ers got rid of Sam Hinkey, and he worked wonders for them. I say put Sam Hinkey on the Knicks and pray.
Do the Lakers or Timberwolves next!!
As a Wisconsinite, all of our sports teams are good enough to not be on this list. Thank god the brewers have decided to be good and have offense this year.
I'd talk shit about the Knicks, but the Sonics no longer exist.
UrinatingTree Do the Bulls please. They got one of the shittiest front offices in the league and are doomed to stay mediocre in the foreseeable future.
Weird how the biggest lolcows in the NBA are all in the Atlantic division...
Forgot to mention the part where Linsanity made them almost good for one year and then they got rid of him instead of developing him to potentially be good in the future
At least the New York Knicks aren't the Brooklyn Nets.
fuck all jews
the NBA been cheating the New York Knicks for years!!!! fuck the fake ass NBA
the NBA is fucking fake ass a fuck!!!!!
Los Angeles Clippers = Washington Capitals... A Legacy of Failure
video request, The Texas Rangers: A Legacy of Failure
as an arsenal f.c fan i can relate to this all to well................
do suns next there a bigger lolcow than knicks
Phil Jackson is a damn Lolcow go back to Indiana or whatever he was
My family has had Knicks season tickets for 30 years. I feel the pain.
Do the padres
Bills
So the New York Knicks are pretty much the Washington Redskins of basketball?
Superteam
I know you don't like the NBA that much, but can you do a video on how boring these playoffs have been?
Do something about the MLS (Just a suggestion)
do one on The patriots legacy of annoyance
Also do the Buffalo Bills
Do some baseball teams such as the marlins padres white sox reds Phillies and maybe the mets if they don't turn it around
I just wanted to let you know, We have a lolcow watch for the St Louis Blues IMO
Do a mets lolcow
you should do the Anaheim Ducks or the Texas Rangers next
lol Yoakim Noah. I love his vids but you can tell he doesn't watch a ton of basketball.
"ouch" - Knicks fan ??
Do Buffalo Bills please
we just gonna act like he didnt take 7 steps at 0:57
Don't care much for NBA but I love your videos so much. Just subbed
Buffalo Bills The " Lolcows"
I'd love to see one about the Philadelphia Flyers ???? Keep making these videos dude. I love them!
I don't think you like soccer but some teams would make the Browns and Knicks seem competent like Newcastle United, Blackpool FC, and Leyton Orient. You will laugh your ass off in incompetence.
Can you do one for the Detroit Lions?
"Might as well be a fucking Bermuda Triangle?????? as this rate"
That rangers clip at the end lmao ??
????????
lol I don't even like basketball but I still watched your video cause you make good entertaining videos
Hey I love you're channel man. You should do some college football lolcows
Can you just make a lolcow video on the NBA in general? It is the most predictable sport in history. Nowadays, you can predict the NBA Finals before the season even starts. It's always gonna be Cav vs. Warriors. We need a more exciting sport...
Do a Lolcow video on the Celtics losing 130-86, 72-31 at the half.
And they still charge 80 bucks for the cheapest ticket
Can't wait for a low cow on the Denver nuggets and maybe the low cow history that was the Seattle sonic
I know it's a long shot, but if the Celtics happen to win the series, you've gotta make a "Congratulations Cavs" video. It's almost definitely not gonna happen, but if it does...
do the supersonics rise and fall
I truely love this Channel
Do the Mets, especially after this shitstorm of a season.
I'm a Knicks fan and I couldn't agree more
Deflowering Carmelo in the media? Ewww.
I'm not even a Knicks fan and this hurt my feelings a little
Ah, the Knicks. Always somehow more disappointing than the 76ers.
You need to do a lolcow video for the Toronto Raptors.
this video hurts so much and cuts very deep. unfortunately you got it totally right!
Buffalo lolcow/failure video next
You're forgetting that all of the Knicks problems, the mediocrity, the going after big names, all started when James Dolan bought the team in 2000. He is easily the worst owner in all of sports.
How come you don't do any baseball ones?
Urinating Tree what is your favourite sport?
After stumbling on this video, I binged on a bunch of your others. For somebody who doesn't like basketball as much as other sports, your stuff is amazing. Your hockey stuff was also great, I actually want to watch hockey for the first time ever now.
Great channel and fantastic amusement - keeo up the good work and Urintain us more :)
I am hardly follow NBA those days , but I am sorry to see what has happened to the team that I used to root for in the 90's. They were good team - not a great team - they were lacking a clean cut second elite player - especially on the offensive side of the ball. Love Starks, but he wasn't the answer.  But they had identity , they had consistency. Once they drafted - I empasise the word DRAFTED - their franchise player in Patrick Ewing - they stuck with him, and built around him. He didn't have his Pippen, he didn't have his Kobe (Shaq era in LA I mean), Clyde or even Tony/Manu. You can question if they were a real challenge to te Bulls - they were team to deal with, they meant business. Lolcow they were not , by any means. Today's Knicks are light years away from being as much contender for todays Cavs, as the 90's Knicks were for the Bulls.
New York Knicks vs Washington Generals! Make it happen!
The typical NY sports team tradition of signing big name FAs to big contracts to sellout crowds, without think of the consequences if it does not work out.
damn this spot on @ urinating tree please keep that good work
Knicks are the Cleveland Browns of the NBA ???????? Fuck the Knicks Lakers ALL DAY!
Did u just say Wuakim Noah? It's Joakim noah. As "Joekim"
As a Knicks fan, the players are not lolcows, the front office are the lolcows. Honestly I don't know, I don't watch basketball as much as I want to.
Can you you do some Detroit team
Any chance that you'll do Major League Soccer lolcow vids
we suck so much lmao it's rough
That melodramatic "huh" at the end is one of the best things I've seen today.
Knicks are the main reason why I stopped watching the nba
this channel is gonna get big!
last 15 ,20 years of NY basketball is a complete num skulls of travesty. why even open a season when u have no chance in hell or high water.
This is what us knicks fan have to deal with
1:08 lol in before more knee injuries
The only time that New York Knicks had hype was when Linsanity was carrying them
I would love to see you make a video on the king of lolcows in the NFL: Rodger Goodell and the NFL itself.
Thanks for uploading quality content on a regular basis. It's great to see a YouTuber put all this effort into his videos. Nice job Tree! :)
Anyone else notice that crazy travel at 0:55
I was waiting for this one. nice.
I really think it would be cool to branch out and do lolcow videos on College sports team too. There are plenty of viable candidates, like Nebraska football, Osu basketball, the NCAA, the Big 12, Texas football, any team in women's basketball besides Uconn, Kansas basketball, Tennessee football, etc. Plenty of places to go.
i wish he would have said "at least the knicks were the team on bobby's shmurda's hat that he threw"
This is so true
I found a new favorite channel easily. But for real, the Knicks have been an incredibly sad franchise. I can't even say anything else. That's all that needs to be said
As a knicks fan I resent but agree with this video
We also need a St. Louis Blues Legacy of Failure video haha
I love the new york accent with garden at 4:27
This video was well made!
As a knicks fan, we're sooo bad, we can't even tank properly. How the fuck we don't have the first pick every year?
Do the Mets please
Imagine a worse Billy King, and your result goes to the Knicks. 100%. No fail.
As a Knicks fan, thank you. This needed to be done.
Please make a video for the Seattle Mariners
Although I'm not a fan, can you the Bills?
About time thanks for reading me responding to my comment! Lol
I knew it was coming but still shocked he didn't talk about Joakim Noah how he is getting 16 million a year while the 2nd and 3rd string guys won more games than when Joakim Noah was on the floor
Do a Cubs lolcow
Wahkeem Noah?
finally
memphis grizzlies next please
we need to do something
St. Louis Blues: A Legacy of Failure DO IT PLEASE!
Im a knicks fan n i enjoyed this
If you're going to do one on the Knicks, then you better do one on the Leafs since the Leafs are the Knicks of the NHL. It'll be fun to hear you rip them as a fan.
Do the Pistons
OH HE GOT DA MANGO SENTINEL
When the pens get eliminated please do a lolcow I know your biased as fuck so you won't
Toronto maple leafs lolcow
Music as loud as speech so difficult to hear you.
Thank you so much. I'm not sure if it was based on my request that you did the Knicks but I'm going to act like it is. This is my pain. At least with the Rangers they will show up in the playoffs and make a run. The Knicks will just be totally embarrassing. Every move is one blunder after another. James Dolan is like cancer. What else can I say but the Knicks suck
113 copies sold. Dam that's just cold man. You didn't have to go there lmaoo. 4:05
but we know where bermuda triangle is located unlike knicks offense
how have you not done one on the Detroit Lions and my team the Falcons. they practically SCREAM lolcow!
I have almost given up on the Knicks and the NBA
Wakim noah is not his name
As a D.C. Teams fan I can say u should do an episode on D.C. Teams always get to the playoffs with promise and then underperform
Always glad Dolan doesn't really care about hockey, Rangers could be of much worse.
Good thing my sons aren't going to play there
i had to dislike this video because of that jab at the rangers at the end. :(
Urinating Tree I am a Rangers fan that gets frustrated every time the rangers don't play well in the playoffs. Please make a rangers lolcow video.
My team yaaay go knicks
At least we hav porting.....ooh fuck
Wait, no Spike Lee? That dude is a lolcow
b-but muh triangle
When will it get through Phil's head that the zone defense has rendered his precious triangle obsolete?
What teams are you a fan of?
Where tf are the bills?
They made a tons of shitty trade after Patrick Ewing era. Congrats Knicks fan you have the greatest draft position in this year's draft
That last part hurt me ouchie
Orlando!
The Knicks are the Redskins of the NBA. The main difference is that the Redskns are actually good sometimes.
As a Baseball Fan, I can't wait until the MLB Lolcow team. Whichever you decide to do.
Derrick Rose isn't wrong. Knicks ARE playing random basketball. I bet he faked his knee injury
Love your Chanel I just wish my teams would quit earning vids on it!
R u gonna do a haters guide to the NBA Finals
Phil jackson deserves his own lolcow videov
Are they much of a lolcow
Atlanta hawks????
Need to do the Arizona cardinals the oldest franchise in the NFL and have not won a damn super bowl
yes! a Knicks one
The 76ers and nets say atleast we are not the knicks
Can you PLEASE do the Saint Louis Blues?
Finally
Next lolcow Milwaukee Brewers
More video game lolcows like Sonic The Hedgehog!
YES I'VE BEEN WAITING FOR THIS FOR SOOO LONG
Finally
finally you do one of my teams!! thank you for shitting on my favorite NBA team UrinatingTree.
Do a lolcow video on the afc east. The empire known as the patriots have ruled over it with an iron fist for over a decade
Buffalo, specifically the Sabres and the Bills. Evander Kane is... something.
CFL: professional international lolcow!
As a Magic fan, I feel we're next in line for this...
NBA Sucks
Let's not forget that the Knicks were the losing team during Wilt Chamberlain's legendary 100-point game in 1962. Yep, their lolcowdom stretches back that far.
You could honestly rank 90% of the NBA as a low cal. Bucks, Knicks, 76ers, Kings, Suns, Hawks, Timberwolves, Clippers, Pelicans, Hornets,.... fuck it... basically the entire east. Lebron basically saved the Cavs from being a lowcal just in recent years and GSW just became good in the past 4 years. Almost every franchise in the NBA is garbage with the exception of the Lakers and Celtics.
You should do a video on the NY Mets. That would be epic
Great video as usual
Fuck Dolan, fuck Dolan, fuck Dolan. Also, fuck Dolan.
Should've been the Bills video we were all expecting
I am a sad knicks fan and have been waiting for you to post this
timberwolves pls they are worse than this team
At least MSG has the Rangers lol
Unrelated to the video bur did anyone else watch that Pens game last night
this took a while.
Please do the Bills!
Urinating Tree I'm a Rangers fan it's sorta the same shit with the Rangers and Knicks cause of Fucking James Dolan.
The Buffalo Bills: Professional Football's Shitshow
is kristrap in Charlotte now?
Do buffalo sabres, a legacy of failure.
THANK YOU! "At least we have the Rangers...huh."
wakim lol
I'm Knicks fan, and unfortunately, all of this is very true. It's not easy to like this team nowadays
I got triggered at this. But it's all true
You truly captured the shit show Hurricane Katrina like disaster that is Madison Square Garden and the teams the reside in the arena. Much applause from a NY fan.
Thank you so much for finally doing my shit team
I feel bad for KP. I believe he'll leave the Knicks for a competent team.
I don't watch basketball and I know how much the Knicks suck
this was the one i waited for as a die hard knicks fan this was spot on. brilliant work bro
THE RANGERS WENT TO THE PLAYOFFS. KNICKS HAVEN'T SINCE 2013
Finally! A Knicks lolcow video, and it doesn't disappoint!
Very funy video, I have a request, as a Marlins Fan, our team is the very definition of LOLCOWDOM. I would love to see you skewer the Marlins for catharsis
you should do the clippers, there is A LOT to talk about lol... I love them but I want to see you tear them apart
You should do a video on Detroit, a city of lolcows
do Buffalo Sabres plz!!!!!!
The Knicks? LMAO!!!
"and an incompetent boob who tries to group them, too" I'm dead ????
Anyone see that monsters travel at 0:55
I've tried to watch a knicks game and they just don't care
Why the fuck would they trade Porzingis?
What's odd is that Dolan has largely ignored the Rangers...and they are very successful.
I am a self-loathing Knicks fan
This is why I love you!
I love the guy narrating this
Triangle offense
I've been waiting
Do a baseball lolcow!!
Welp had to happen eventually, my only criticism is that he is supporting Melo. Melo was just an overhyped fool and once you watch about 4 of his games, you realise he is nowhere near good enough to hog the ball like he does.
do the Minnesota timberwolves
You should make a lowcow video for the LA Clippers aka the LA's red headed stepchild.
Now do the Lakers so that you can get me to start crying about that debacle lol
Could you make fun of every single team? I'll watch anything you make
That Rangers burn at the end really hurt lol
This is perfect. NBA Basketball in NYC is horrible. Do a video about the L.A. Clippers because they have the superstar players and still can't get past the conference semifinals.
im surprised you didn't roast Dolan more! Great hilarious video!
So if/when you get to soccer, you're going to do Arsenal, right? While I could write a dissertation of their suck, just know that Stan Kroenke owns the team. Well the majority. A minority stake is owned by a Soviet-era gangster and rapist.
Do a LA Lakers lolcow :)
You make damn good content, my dude. I've seen your sub count explode over the past month and you deserve every single one. Keep it up and ESPN is going to start cribbing your notes without giving you credit
You deserve more subscribers man keep it up??
Do one for LaVar Ball
Sell the Knicks to Floyd Mayweather he'll be a good owner lol
I'm a Porzingis fan. I hope he achieves success at a good team.
That fucking "huh" at the end. I'm dying
After a shitty day at work and a sorta kinda shitty continuation at home, watching your Knicks video was able to relax me and take my mind off of things, even for 6 minutes. Thank you kind sir; keep up the good work!
Suprised that you didnt find any flaw with Porzingis. I guess he is that good then ??
for somebody who once said he doesn't care the NBA you're doing a damn good job with the content on the sport, keep up the great work and also my friend recommend you take a look at the bulls front office for lolcow quality.
How's that 5-1 L taste
Worst sports franchise ever.
you missed the chance to make an Isaiah Thomas celtic joke
Do the Orlando Magic.
James DOLAN dolan pls
That rangers clip at the end was uncalled for
Whenever you inevitably start doing baseball lolcows, the Padres HAVE to be first up.
Do Edmonton oilers
Update the Nets fucking up now that the draft lottery is over?
Now which team is next? starts rubbing hands vigorously
Future Lolcow videos: NFL Indianapolis Colts Detroit Lions Miami Dolphins New Orleans Saints NBA Phoenix Suns Dallas Mavericks Charlotte Hornets Orlando Magic NHL Florida Panthers New Jersey Devils MLB Seattle Mariners Chicago White Sox Cincinnati Reds Tampa Bay Rays Miami Marlins Texas Rangers Los Angeles Dodgers Washington Nationals MLS D.C. United New England Revolution Real Salt Lake Colorado Rapids. Lolcows Fulfilled: Buffalo Bills Buffalo Sabres Pittsburgh Pirates San Diego Padres New York Mets (twice)
Love the lolcow/legacy of failure content UT. I know you want to do the Pirates as a baseball lolcow first (based on comments), but I think the Mets are worthy of consideration as well. Cheap-ass ownership, god-awful personnel decisions, the worst team money can buy, having Las Vegas as an AAA affiliate...the list is endless :P
Do the lions
Dolan is such a clown, seems like he wants to be more of a GM than an owner... vetoed a very good trade for Kyle Lowry at the last moment in 2013 because Masai Ujiri (Toronto GM) fleeced him in the Carmelo Anthony trade when he was with the Nuggets and he didn't want to be made to look foolish by Ujiri again
Now they have the 8th pick. They're gonna butcher it aren't they?
The Dolans are good owners of the Indians. When Dolan dies the team better not go to this dumbass.
Go fuck yourself for putting that rangers clip at the end I was just getting over that loss ??????
You should do Pierre mcqire!
Another great video. Will we ever see MLB content from you?
any team not named the warriors or Cavs: professional basketball's lolcow
I wish you made more nfl videos but I guess we will have to wait, keep up the great content you deserve way more subs than u have
the knicks what a joke
You should cover the green pastures of lolcows, otherwise known as Buffalo.
That owner is such a mean little man. What he said to the 72 year old fan, it's just insulting to all sports lovers.
Great vid!
Not watched basketball for years, so I can't imagine the Knicks without Ewing. the '90s truly was the best decade before everything went downhill.
Finally!! The worst team in NYC!! Thank you for that! As a knick/Rangers fan we have suffered through James Dolan for a long time now! Please keep pouring it on that guy so he finally gives up and goes back to wherever the fuck he came from!
Love this video! And here's one more detail that makes the Knicks the premier lolcow. The Heat were their rival in the '90s. Couple of decades later, whenever the Heat beat the shit out of them, the fans would chant LET'S GO HEAT. Not kidding. Look it up on here.
At least merlo and kris taps actually do something on offense
Pittsburgh Pirates next!!
Still waiting for a Bills/Sabres lolcow video, and that's as a hardcore fan of both. But whatever you make in the meantime (I mean, it has to be inevitable, right?) is plenty good to hold me over.
Do the Cincinati reds! They have been terrible these past couple of years and its probably not gonna get better
Which is worse: the band or the team? Discuss
Always a pleasure to laugh at poor teams with you good sir!
Do the Marlins, as a Marlins fan it's a joke how mediocre they are.
Damn I knew my knicks was going to be on here sooner or later ??
THIS IS THE FUNNIEST SHIT I'VE EVER SEEN
As funny as these videos are, what always gets me is how astoundingly accurate they always turn out to be. Poor Knicks
This channel is pure gold. I get adrenaline rushes just to see the notification that another video is up. Keep it up
If someone forced you to root for either the Knicks or the Nets, which one would you choose? Or would you rather swim naked in the Hudson? also it makes my day when you put out a new vid. keep up the good work!
A Knicks video without Spike Lee or a Spike Lee Joke?!?!? FeelsGoodMan
Dude do a Seattle Mariners Lolcow episode. They're the most Lolcow team in Baseball right now.
sums up the knicks shitness since 1999...
KEEP DOING MORE BASKETBALL UR AWESOME
Dude one day your channel is gonna explode. Your content is just too good for it not too.
Porzingis to the Spurs :):) #gospursgo
>tfw you're a knicks and mets fan Just fucking end it all. Speaking of, a Mets lolcow video would be awesome, watch out for Ray Ramierez' voodoo doll though.
lakers,suns,sixers,twolves>knicks and nets
do the 76ers
Another good NBA Lolcow would have to be the Minnesota Timberwolves.
"Incompetent boob who also happens to grope them." Hilarious!
Hey you should do a LOLCOW video on Detroit Michigan
Just do the Ranger Lolcow I know you want too
You should do a Lolcow for the Orlando Magic that would be perfect.
update on the NETs. They got the first pick :)
there's one lolcow in the NBA your forgetting (Phoenix Suns)
There it is, and about time, too! :D
Where's the baseball lolcows?
I'm a Knicks fan. Pray for me
Hey UT, could you do a review on the Blue Jays franchise at some point?
lmao!!!!!
These videos are getting cancerous... Literally every team is a "lolcow" to you... any team can pretty much make your channel as long as they have not won the championship in the past few years...
Can you do a reverse Lolcow series?
This channel is underrated, and should have way more subscribers
Should leagues be allowed to punish players for what they do in their personal life?
When I think of "lolcows" in professional basketball, the names Gilbert Arenas and Metta World Peace immediately come to mind. I mean, Artest's name change alone makes him an absolute court jester. Also, Why in the Sam Hill is someone like James Dolan still allowed to own a sports team?
As a Pacers fan, Fuck the Knicks and Fuck Spike Lee
The day has finally come to all my disappointments the Knicks (sadly my favorite franchise) has finally gotten a lolcow
As a fan of Kristaps Porzingis, i hope he gets traded.
Welcome to New York the city that bleeds heartache and tears from its sports fans.
5:22 Splendid pun!
The last line of the video killed me. The way you're just like ".... huh..."
Do my Mets next
Hey man, You should do the haters guide to the NBA Finals when it happens
Please do more
Another great video, still waiting for a lolcow episode on a MLB team though
This guy deserves way more subs
You guys should start doing MLB videos. Expand the buffoonery!
I'm a die hard fan, but I need a Lolcow video on my Detroit Lions
Somewhere in MIA, GM P. Riley is laughing hysterically at (No rings as GM) P. Jackson and his former employer. If only the NYK dropped in value as fans stopped buying tickets..Oh well. I'm sure you will have a 2019 update after Phil & Carmelo exit NYC.
You should really do some baseball lolcows, specifically on the Brewers and Mariners
You should do video on a good team so that you can be more appreciative of the lolcow's
Where da bills at doe?
Who's Wakeem Noah?
Your pronouncing of Joakim hurts me
I think the Trail Blazers are long overdue for a Lolcow Analysis.
do the mets next.(mets fan)
Watch Dolan see this and ban you from ever going to a knicks game, not that you'd want to anyway in their current state
The Carmelo trade was stupid he was public about leaving Denver along with wanting to play in NY. Even with all that when he had 1/2 year left in his contract the Knicks traded half there fucking team and so many draft pick that the last pick from the trade was last year 6 years after the trade.
Lol my first ever NBA game I attended was a Knicks-Heat game a few months ago. I didn't expect them to put on a show, but Madison Square Garden is nice.
The Knicks sound early similar to the Jags. Big name free agent signings that are well past their prime and could possibly flop
You should do a prediction video on this upcoming NFL season I'm a huge fan and I love your videos
knicks better not mess up with their draft pick
Roflmao you are a genius
Did you say at least MNG had the rangers
Your videos are always great even When I don't know much about the sport.
Why do free agents keep choosing this garbage organization? I'm confused,
As a Knicks fan, this video was LONG OVERDUE
U are purposely avoiding doing a lions episode and we all know it. You are being a lolcow rn
to quote Yipes MVC2 commentary: "FUCK THE KNICKS!" Great video as always.
"Blah blah do the Bills blah blah blah"
Ayyyyyyyyyyye he's back
m8 love the video, but I really thought you were gonna do the Buffalo Bills this week
no mention of jeremy lin? i get that he's a dead horse but that was probably the only time the knicks had a spike in relevancy for the past ten years
I love the small details you out into these videos, like the Mario sound effects.
This is like my Cocaine, the more I get the more I want
I hope your channel blows up, these videos are fucking great!
Bills next please!
Can we get a Kansas City Chiefs legacy of failure vid?
I love your videos man, but since im a New York sports fan, you must really hate New York
had a feeling this was coming... ITS SO PAINFUL BEING A KNICKS FAN
New York Kn'Ecks
This was awesome, but we need hornets next.
Do the Bills
as much as a fan of them i am, you might as well do the bucks. we've been a lolcow since Kareem left.
HA!!! I WAS 100% CORRECT ABOUT PORZINGIS!! My entire family is Latvian and I've constantly said to my fellow latvian sports friends and family that he deserves better than the Knicks!
The Big Apple's other lolcow in basketball has been torn apart by the great UT. How long will the Knicks and Nets dwell in the NBA's cellar?
Love your vids man. Keep up the good work!
Do epl lolcows
Oh my god! As a Knicks fan I've been requesting this video since the 76rs vid. Thank you sooooo very much for making this
wanna hear a joke Phil Jackson
im a knicks fan and this was so fucking hilarious, but why did you have to bum me out with JG fucking Pageau
isiah Thomas ain't no rapist when has a athlete actually raped someone Oh wait ............ Cough BEN ROTHLESBURGER Cough
FINALLY, i was waiting for this video since the Oakley incident
I don't follow NFL or NBA but watch these Lolcow masterpieces anyway
Do a Marlins lolcow
thanks
Been saying for years. This team is a dumpster fire. They're like a dull basketball train without brakes heading no where
Carmelo Anthony is a Lolcow in himself. You should do a video on him Tree!
dang 30,000 subs
Do the saints.
I forgot the Knicks exist
Why don't you do any Lolcows for baseball?
0:53 Travelling much? I think I counted at least 5 steps. One of the many reasons I never watch basketball...especially NBA.
You starting to like basketball more? Phil Jackson is probably 2nd or even the best coach of all time but he got brain cancer or something since he went from G.O.A.T or CO G.O.A.T to trash coach RIP NY
do the nba lottery, the ammount of salt given by phoenix fan this past 2 days could feed the entire continent of africa
Wahkeem no uh
As a Knicks fan, the phrase "at least we're not the 6ers" is our team's mantra.
Hi
i was just about to talk about knicks franchise
BUFFALO BILLS!!!!!!!!!
this has been a long time coming
good evening Mr. tree
Holy crap. I've finally found a YouTube channel thats Actually entertaining!
i love this shits
Charles Oakley looks like what Gary Bettman will be in a couple of years
Mariner lolcow please
Make a video on Kevin Pillar saying Faggot and PC sports people losing their minds.
last time i was this early knicks fans were complaning about drafting porzingis
This was pure gold. Keep it up!
THANK YOU IVE BEEN ASKING FOR SO LONG - SUFFERING KNICKS FAN
Always nice to see another video from you.
Hey be gentle with the Celtics LolCow vid plz
Asparagus
this video shouldve been made when the Knicks decided to bring Phil Jackson on board!
Growing up in a family of Knicks fans, I'm not sure if I should show this to them to risk being Disowned.
Great video but please do the pirates next the yinzers need to be taken down a peg or two
I love this channel so much! Very unique with great commentary. If the Knicks trade Porzingis, they are hopeless for the next 20 years at least.
notification squad :)
Lions next! please
o boi
FIRST ALSO YES FINALLY THANK YOU YOU PISSING TREE
I HAVE BEEN WAITING FOR THIS FOR SO LONG!
They aren't real Basketball Either.
SQUAD!!!!
YES IT'S HERE
First
1