Ive been trying to improve on my editing recently. Hopefully you guys can notice a difference in quality. Lets see if we can hit 2000 likes on this video. That would be AWESOME! I hope you guys enjoy this video and have a great day!
Isnt that the intro from the behind the scenes talk show for Stranger Things lmao
A+ on something that you didn't produce? Ruining education
How was that the shortest game in NBA history? The game was the same 48 minutes as every other game that just happened the be played on two different days. That comment doesn't make any sense. If we start a chess match today then pause after 5 minutes and come back tomorrow to finish it does that make it there longest chess match in history? No fucking way. So who the hell is replaying the last few seconds of a game constitute your notion that it's the world's shortest NBA game? Stop using unnecessary hyperbole to hype your story. It just makes you look stupid in the Iong run.
Lol this is nowhere near the weirdest NBA game.
This isn't the weirdest game. The weirdest game was when the Golden State warriors won a game with 7 suited players and I believe two of them got injured. One came into the game injured. This was the game that Stephen Curry let the world what he was about.
Nice intro and if your going to ask for likes at least thank us for watching the video
I don’t think nba insider will heart this...
Lol every comment on this video was hearted
I sent a clip of your intro into Netflix due to copyright issues hahaha!
no gon lie that outtro was pretty smooth
Not surprised that David Stern let a team full of stars and Pat Riley got to replay the game but was totally fine the Raps getting screwed. Fuck David Stern.
3:34 Russel Westbrook’s a time traveler ??
Not hating at all but that video title is BuzzFeed level cringeworty ??. Nice good though.
YES!!! You remembered the T.J. Ford incident.. that's impressive!
Hawks score keepers are known to be hella shady.
bro you should make a wes unceld story
Wya
Come back dad
Since 20o
Great intro and why haven't you been uploading
This nigga died ??
R U Dead
I miss you bro please come back
When the next video i miss u so much
Well fuckin made
Even worse than fouling shaq out: I guess my high school basketball team was in the championship years ago and both teams had the same jersey and 1 more foul would foul them out of the game. The opposing player got a foul called, but they fouled the wrong person and fouled the player from my school. My team ended up losing the game. Glad I wasn't on the team that year.
english
Stranger things to the intro
What accent is that sounds funny
You made the script of this video with Edusson.com. I see what you did there. #lowkey
0:26 the pic is fake dude #5 is actually in the bench running to them so it means one of the 5 dudes will is on the way to sit at the bench since he is replaced
If Adam Silver was the commissioner back then that game wouldn't of happen
If I didnt know this was true, I wouldnt have believed you because you didnt explain how Shaq was credited with the foul. Did they notice it was his 6th and foul him out and the refs just went with it? Or did they realize he had 6 later and toss him? Its confusing this way.
I remember that game
It would have been awesome if shaq had to play, lol.
Can the Pacers get a replay with the cavs in game 5 starting right after the goaltending and are awarded the points for it. I don't want to start when Young knocked it out of Lebrons hands out of bounds.
I only noticed your accent about 5 minutes in, I love it though.
Why the hell does the the title say "(RARE)"?
Any footage of this?
Bro I need a longer version of that intro
Stranger things head ass
3:42 la laekers
The 2 games on one day was on my birthday March 8th
been missing that music
I like the stranger things intro ????
What
You also could say it was one of the longest games in nba history
Stranger things intro I love it
Wait so u can pay edusson to do your homework? Where the fuck was that when I was in high school?
dude.. pronounce FOUL correctly. the U is not pronounced. it's like "fowl"
The entire protest was nonsense to begin with. It was in fact Shaq that picked up that foul and not Haslem.
In recreational playground basketball, it is possible for games to end in ties. In one instance, I saw a team play 5 games that day. That team won 2 games, lost 2 games, and tied 1 game. They could have played a 6th game put the recreational facility closed for the night so they could not even start the game. Of course, those games were against different opponents.
Coach
Sounding a little Scottish there
Yo you’re sponsored by some scummy ass shit
stern worst commissioner
I had a stroke listening to this
They should have let O'Neal suit up as a heat for that replay game.
ur an idiote
I forgot about this
Stranger things intro. Nice ??
I need a longer version of that intro
Only reason I knew this was because I’m heat fan. Great video
O
His intro makes me wish stranger things was still on
nice intro
Stranger things??????
Stranger things squad
great intro
I flipped when I heard Stranger Things.
1:54 it say go Rockets!
Why do people watch the garbage you make.? Your voice is literally nails on a chalkboard
How would nobody realize that haslem fouled but Shaq fouled out without doing anything.
That intro was lit
Beyond Stranger Things Intro
Stranger things intro tuff
Been here since 400 subs and ur still kicking it ??
That intro is ??
3:18 Don't u mean 9 and 27
Click bate
Nice sponsor...
New podcast and videos involving everything sports! https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GVrSLhBylcc&t=404s
That stranger things inteo
That intro
I love that intro
These refs get things wrong every single day
Yo that outro was??
I see you WIT DAT STRANGER TINGS MUSIC
??
I remember I read an article on this after the Cavs Warriors game
Tj ford low key lookin like Richard Hamilton
Damn and i am a hawks fan
This was covered in 2008. It received some attention for being unusual (playing the end of a game over again). No one really took it seriously though since the Heat were a bottom-dwelling team that season.
That was a fun one!
David Stern's earlobes disgust me
Best youtuber
That was one dope intro
Please keep this intro its lit big fan of stranger things
Then intro and outro music is tight
Schlenk : "We need to tank this year!" ATL scorekeepers : "We will pay attention to our job mandates this season."
Great intro.
What if Shaq was traded to the hawks?
One question: Did Shawn Marion inherit Shaquille O'Neal's five fouls accumulated from the earlier game, which would have put him one away from disqualification, or was there no league rule covering this particular situation? Or maybe the Heat would have assigned the five fouls to Marcus Banks, figuring that he might not get in the game anyway?
Lit intro brother
That intro was spot on
I was there when they played both games.
RARE
intro music?
What Is that accent
This isn't rare, most die hard nba fans know about this but good vid
Bro I thought I would be the only one to comment about the intro but keep that jawn it's ??????
are there any clips ?
He sounds asian
If I were in this situation as David Stern, I would just nullified the game. No effect on anyone.
Why is your name NBA Insider if your don’t have a job in the NBA
Good ass intro bro
omg I had the screen upside up and I you thought you putting this??
Great Vid!!
Bro that intro ??
That intro was dope
Your channel is so underrated
https://www.basketball-reference.com/boxscores/200712190ATL.html LOL
Bruh your footage is so irrelevant... Anyway great coverage and amazing intro....
Keep the intro that was dope
I’ve heard of stranger things in this video
Amazing video and intro
My AAU team lost 4 games in one day
this video=????
This not the weirdest game ever . This happened so many times !!!!!
At the beginning, doesn't it have to be below the belt
Why was shawn marion the only applicable player of having 2 lost game if the other heat players like wade were involved on both games?
I heard of it,
Not gonna lie that’s an amazing intro
I remember when this channel had 2k subs wow ??
good vid insider
Damn, I been watching the NBA heavily since 1998 and I never heard of this. Good job. I have to sub and check out the rest of the content. ??
Intro got me to sub, content got me to stay
3:34 I didn't know Michael Jordan and Russell Westbrook were pals??
Love the intro because of Stranger Things
intro lit
Stranger Things song, ok??
Love the new intro
Ur videos r amazing. Love from Vietnam
The new intro is ass
That stranger things theme song I like that keep it up bro
That intro was crazy
That intro was different ??????
Dec 19 is my birthday
why people trade shaq
Nice video!!
intro song?
You’re back
Love your videos
Go back to old intro
'weirdest' sounds like fact
No longer a cringy video
Hey nba insider it’s me again I hope your having a good time making videos keep doing what your doing and will all be proud of u
Where’s the wright vid
Intro was sexyyyy ????????
Editing on point
Wow that’s kinda crazy... great vid!
you sound like Ziovo
Yo the intro and the end of the vid were amazing keep it up my g
You know your trash when you lose twice in the same day
THat is crazy
yoooo that happened on my birthday i was 5 years old
1st!!!????????????
Stranger things music with that intro ????????
Aye your back
love that intro
love these videos
17
????????
weird
The background music is wack AF fix that bro
Great vid as always
Imma unsubscribe cuz he never upload
First
5th
First
first
Last
noti squad
First
First