I think this episode would have been better (and shorter) if all the grandiosity hadn't been pumped into it. Is it that incredible that a shitty, undermanned team, whose existence is basically a joke, is the losing half of the highest scoring game in NCAA history? Especially in addition to evidence they helped their opponent beat them? No, it would only be surprising if that wasn't the case.
The best part was the discovery of the first recorded dab.
"you can't call the gods on toll free numbers" —Jon Bois, 2017
This is the best video on this website, bar none.
My question: why don't more basketball teams play like this? The losing team put up 141 points.
Pretty good
253 is still a pretty good amount of points.
This video is a work of art
I like to think that SB nation stands for sports ball nation
Those scrambled eggs gave me heartburn and an ulcer from undercooking
Late to the party but I binged this series and it's pretty f***ing good! Can't wait to see more of them!
This is the single greatest video on YouTube
Those chapter sequences are heavenly.
0:37
I DON'T EVEN UNDERSTAND WHAT'S GOING ON AND I STILL KEEP WATCHING.
I live in Houston. Weirdly a lot of the Community Colleges here have Sports and i remember Devry being one of them with a basketball Team.
Pilsner Tyrant and Suds Vassal would be a good band names
This feels like someone hitting the kill screen on Pac-man.
8th gen non si civic LX is limited to 150 and ive maxed mine before it doesnt even feel THAT unstable smfh come on leave hondas alone :(
This is incredible baked
I feel like the score board operator had an easy fix to the situation, just reset the score to 0 after they hit 200, sure the score would ready 53, but every who was following the game knows it's just 200+what's on the score board
The script and production on this video is superb. It all flows so easily it’s easy not to appreciate everything that went into it.
ESPN needs his talents. This is better than most 30 for 30s
The historic part is watching the whole video
I used to live in a house a had a wife and a dog I then watched this video...nothings been the same I dont know where to go idk who to trust I know someone's out there they want to get me. I live at st Vincent's shelter I can't say anymore... I've said to much if u want to get in contact with us.. you'll have to follow the clues..
Man i love PRETTY GOOD!
This is pure art; truly the best video I have ever seen on this site.
This video is a masterpiece
Jon bois is the best thing about this channel
The Fury of Achilles is pretty good
DeVry: we're serious about success
Watching that game footage is like watching that grainy, blurry footage of Babe Ruth when he allegedly called his shot.
That beer king is la croix
S E R I O U S A B O U T S U C C E S S
Regular sized brain: Watching this video to learn about an unusual and anomalous basketball game between Troy State and Devry. Big glowing brain: Watching this video to learn Jon Bois's tip to make scrambled eggs at 3:28.
Over edited
I couldn't give two shits about basketball, but this is still one of my favorite videos on YouTube now
Stop harassing my account I would never go to Devry,, leave me alone!
I've probably watched this a dozen times but I always forget about "devry got a basketball ball team" and it kills me each and every time.
If there were more games played like this I'd watch more basketball.
I’ll never forget the first time I watched this video. Legitimate piece of art.
3:20 ...
these videos are hard to watch jesus its some bad editing like the sped up part we got the point after the first 5 sec i had to skip forward and eventually skipped out
Damn! If I was a one and done college player I would play at Devry.
What’s the name of the song at the very beginning of the video? I’ve heard it used in other videos and I think it’s pretty good.
You can score 250 points if the other team wants it to happen as well and lets you do it. Might as well be out there alone shooting layups. That record should not count.
This might be the best sports video ever made...it now joins the likes of Field of Dreams, Rudy, and Michael Jordan: Fly with Me. Seriously, the time and research that goes into something has to be astronomical. Great work!
That has got to be the worst scrambled egg I've ever seen
My question is how could devry be good enough to score 141 point and still go 3-15
Update: Sartain Hall, the building that housed this game, just started getting demolished in order to make room for a new recreational center on campus. It’s sad to see a historic site like that go
What kind of ridiculous shot clock is 45 seconds?
that intro gave me cancer
The clock moves and not the hand
Why do the chapter title cards look like they belong in a Persona game?
The scores on your videos make me wet.
Another point where the scoring could be messed up is the point when they broke 200 and had issues with the board
Yeah, yeah, that's pretty funny about the score on wikipedia but the article also says that there were 117,000 people attended that game, so...
This video is trippy
Arigato!! Just found you guys. Would love to submit a few articles too. Great work guys!!
How have I not seen this before!?! It’s perfect and I can’t stop watching. Nightmarish and hilarious. Thank you. Please stand and smugly high five ? yourself.
12:37 scared the crap out of me
7:35 Louisville
So i went to the wikipedia page for this game to check this again when i was rewatching it, to see if maybe there was more news or something, and in the intro there was no mention of this analysis, as there was the last time i viewed the page. As i was looking at the revision history to see about reverting the page to include the information i previously saw, i at one point pressed the view current version button and someone had edited the page while i was doing the exact same thing to include the mention of Jon Bois and his analysis of the game. It was like i was in mind meld with another guy on wikipedia, and i went to his page, and this was his first edit. just as it would've been mine. it was beautiful
This chino hills (Lonzo,Lamelo,Liangelo) on steroids
Jon, i have watched this video 38 times. I play your videos every night at 11pm to help me feel inspired for the next day via fits of goosebumps and transcendent trips of epic music. Your work has made me obsessed with stats to the point where I’m kept up at night by them. I have one issue with your hypothesis on when the scores were incorrect. The two events where you believe the score may have deterred from reality occur after the announcer gets the score incorrect. It must’ve been something else; a missed point during the transition of board to paper, the commentator keeping his own score. We may never know. That’s even more satisfying.
why didn't the scorekeepers just say 200=0 and keep using their electronics?
This is an absolute masterpiece
the story, the music selection, the quotes, the production, I weep for how beautiful it all is ... I knew how good your videos are but this is must be close to, if not your actual magnum opus
Does anyone else get high and watch these videos?
another interesting game is the highest scoring NBA game.
OK, so, as somebody who knows very little about basketball, why don't NBA teams play this way?
Aaayyyyyy, another Louisvillian!!
Is this Death Grips? 0:00 - 2:18
DeVry, I.T.T. , American Intercontinental, Herzing, etc hell Lincoln Automotive were/are all scams to ripoff the DOE and low income students with the student loan hustle. The qualifications are so low for "schools" and terrible students to qualify for federal financial aid that decades ago non accredited schools started popping up. You can tell how shitty they are by the terrible TV programs that their commercials are targeted at. Look behind the curtain, its the same people who are pushing charter schools, they want to run the same hustle at the pre college level, aka privatization. Remember, you pay taxes that support state colleges that then turn around and make you take loans out to attend, hoping someone hires you when you get out. Its all a hustle.
DO NOT use a eggshell to get a piece of the shell out of a pan of eggs, salmonella results from it developing on the outside shell of the egg, not the inside. Dipping your eggshell into an egg is a good way to expose yourself to it.
253-141
I didn't understand all of it, but I think this video disproves The Magic Bullet Theory, right?
I love the atonal music, it's like Jon is delving into some forgotten crypt of a dormant alien civilisation to bring us whatever treasures or horrors lie within.
How is this video not have 10+ million views
How many teams have ever scored over 141 in a single game? DeVry's score is hardly a record, but viewed on its own (outside of the fact that they got outscored by over 100 points) it would be pretty impressive for a small school.
You're from Louisville? ??
Okay but those eggs werent cooked enough
This is the 5th time I have watched this episode. I am always impressed, always interested, and always left in awe by the effort put into these videos. Incredible.
Excellent ??????
Hey, around the 10:00 mark there is a swelling piece playing during the dunk supercut that doesn't seem to be either Varldens or Zarf. Does anyone know what it was?
Devry got a basketball ball team?
The production value of these videos is simply surreal
Bruh! I love these videos... but you gotta fix those eggs man, that's just not good enough
My man was using quotes from homer because it relates to troy, and he found a quote with "inner court" and "outer court" in it. Amazing.
This channel always on the cutting edge of sports journalism. Fantastic videos always. Never stop
This is the greatest video ever made!!
This is Jon's true magnum opus.
Video starts at 2:27
the first 2:17 seconds made me mad
why does this video have a terrifying undertone
jon, did you wash your hands after you touched all those egg shells
Bravo Jon!
If you go into the edit history on Wikipedia for the game, it says stuff like “I performed the work of God” with the edit being the score change. They deployed an anti vandalism algorithm on the page because the score change edits were so frequent
Like the show, but dear god those have to be the most disgusting-looking eggs I’ve ever seen
Saddam Hussein's Summer Palace in Iraq had a direct view of the ruins of Babylon. Like really, less than 200 feet away. America's favorite Arab boy-toy could wake up in the morning, brush his teeth, drink a cup of coffee, and look out the window to what was once a 3-millennia-old city, which was, for hundreds of years, the most populous, most important, and most powerful place on earth. What Saddam was looking at was a pile of rocks and some clay walls. The most architecturally impressive sight in Babylon presently is an oil pipeline, built in the last 50 years, cutting through an outer wall, completely disregarding all archaeological conservation. As a world leader, I imagine Saddam could only reflect upon his nation's, and indeed all nation's, inevitable downfall and obliteration in the face of time's ultimate ambivalence to order, history, and legacy. I feel like he must've skipped his breakfast a lot. But in this fact, and in this video, we can indeed find solace. By my shitty, non-Jon-Bois calculations, there have been roughly 150,000 regulation NBA games, and the number of college basketball games rounding a full million. Of all of these games, two were picked by Jon Bois specifically for the way they broke the game. These two videos are focused on 0.0001% of all games, yet they will be seen by multiples of thousands more people than have seen at least half of these individual games in person. Always, it is much more interesting to find out what went wrong than what went right. History isn't built on the things that go correctly, but rather things that go horribly. Historians around the world talk of Babylon, even though it is utterly sundered. It is regarded as one of the most important sites in human history. Painters, philosophers, and generally any intellectual has at least once given thought to the city. Certainly less people have thought about Damascus than Babylon, even though Damascus is possibly twice as old, and was never lost to time. As Cato the Elder once said, "After I'm dead, I'd rather have people ask why I have no monument than why I have one."
Why would you take a player out because of foul trouble if you onky had 5 guys. Just brushing past that detail left me deeply perplexed.
I'm gunna try those eggs. They look gross textually, despite the fact that I like over easy. We shall see...
Are those la Croix instead of beers?
god Jon u just have this incredible ability to turn every tiny thing into an epic, pun intended. i didnt realise when i hopped on youtube tonight id be watching a 30 minite video about a bball game from 1992 but here we are. i love ur editing
God Bless those 2 coaches and 18 players. Heroes in our hearts.
This is art comparable to Spielberg or idk the dude who made that movie about the holocaust with the taken dude
The best intro EVER
Those eggs looked awful
So did anyone have a quadruple double???? like damn they got beat by over 100
30 minute video and I'm gripped from start to finish, amazing.
This is entertainment bordering on insanity
22:57 - "pointless, silly juvenile farce". On a similar theme, can you imagine two teams playing for TEN DAYS and no-one wins? Welcome to the surreal world of the "Timeless Test" cricket match between South African and England in 1939: https://www.theguardian.com/sport/2015/dec/22/the-spin-cricket-the-timeless-test-1939
I think my favorite part is how the play-by-play announcers continue to try to sound impressed by dunks throughout the game.
This IS a video about a lot of time on your hands....
I’m really glad I don’t do heavy drugs after I saw that intro...
I never thought I'd see a youtube video with a table of contents. I also didn't think I would want to watch a 30 minute video about a college basketball game. I was wrong twice
No wonder I couldn't find it. I remember the game with a 100 point difference, 150 or so on the losing side, but I thought it was a high school game.
i should really study for finals
dude I love all your videos I've literally been binge watching your page and sb nation...the hard work you put into all your videos really shows man keep up the great work brother!!!
LOL WIKIPEDIA CHANGED THE SCORE TO 253-141 AND USED YOU AS A REFERENCE!
Checked that Wikipedia page, it actually changed. The score reads 253 now. You've even got a little mention on that page.
"They wanted us to get the record so they share in some of the glory" Uh....
The noise at the beginning is miserable
Everytime that Jon Bois does something on this channel, I feel like I'm tripping ballz within the first minute.
All of these episodes feel like nightmares.
This video is a stunning achievement.
its like watching an NBA all star game now
Actually, those 2 points where they got, "tripped up" were incorrect. There was actually a point where YOU got tripped up and that wasn't your fault, THAT one was the referee's fault. I got 252-140.
Haha the first dab!!
I love how he conveys just how unbelievable these stats are
3:50 those eggs looked FOCKING DISGUSTANG
You should try to do a video on the high school football record blowout of Haven, KS 256, Slyvia, KS 0 from 1927. There is barely any information on that game. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Blowout_(sports)
This video has a creepy education-like vibe to it, especially with the chapter intermissions. It makes it feel like it's on Public Access TV but it makes the video like, a thousand times better to me for some reason.
I thought I had seen all of the Pretty Good (& Dorktown & ChartParty) episodes -- but, somehow, I missed this one. It's only Thursday, but damn if it doesn't feel like 5 PM on a Friday right about now.
The intro to this video was unbearable
These are just so good.
someone change the Wikipedia page now!
4:33 I Live in tinley park
The "Pretty Good" series is some of the best content I've ever seen on YouTube. Incredible production value, awesome narration, superb research/sharing of information, and great choice of music. All of these videos never fail to give me a sense of elation. I'm so glad to have stumbled upon these videos. And I am eternally grateful for Jon Bois. Thank you, sir.
WTF is that intro tho
258+141=399 ??but can you do this
Bruh the beer is La Croix
this score reminds me all too painfully of the first fat chick i ever slogged...however she outweighed me by far more im sure
Normally id laugh my ass off if someone thought id watch a 32 min video of theirs, but your videos are so well f'#*in done I can comfortably say I wish they were longer, and more of them
you should do one about the 5th down play
were serious about success
Devry got a basketball ball team
you don't have to say "an" before "historic" anymore, we do aspirate that h
Greatest. Video. Ever.
Those eggs are runny af
This is the best video on the internet
Wow. I scored it myself after this and I got 252-140.
I'm loving this series. Especially since ??? (KOO DAE-SUNG) got some respect through you guys. That aside, can you consider doing DANNY HEATER? The high schooler who supposed scored 135~139 (exact points is disputed) in single game?
m o a r p l s
those were the runniest, nastiest looking eggs ive EVER had the displeasure of seeing, in my life!! congrats! ;)
big man at :55 was HUSTLING back on D! HA!
Anyone know that lovely piece playing at 10:08?
That was really interesting
I regret showing my friends Jon Bois videos because I end up binge watching all his statistical masterpieces
This is not the greatest game in the world. This is just a tribute.
The intro seems demonic
Really annoying devry intro
I love the suspense effect with most of his videos
8:02 "Do we know how to count here?" Nope, not according to the dumbest boy alive video
This video is somewhere in between The Godfather and the Sistine Chapel as the most amazing artistic representation of life I've ever seen in my life. I'm truly moved.
Fantastic
Jon has the Devry score wrong. Don't believe me? Watch the Kip Smither's film and score yourself.
The music in this ranges from soothing to nightmare fuel I love it
That intro was a bit long eh?
We are serious about success
This is the best video on YouTube
Turns out wikipedia actually uses the score from this video, rather than the previously established 258-141. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/1992_Troy_State_vs._DeVry_men%27s_basketball_game
Those eggs would be better if you start with a cold pan, cold butter, and grate a good hunk parmigiano reggiano in there with a microplane. That's the Jean-George Vongreichtenchten way, takes, maybe an extra minute. If the eggs start to stick lift the pan off the burner for a bit.
It has almost been a year and the wiki page for this game is still a warzone between those who want the truth, and those that defend old scores.
All the good people on the internet are named Jon.
In all seriousness, what's up with the creep factor in Bois' videos?
Amazing that even with Troy scoring 253 points, Devry was still able to score 141.
I love the Pretty Good series, but jesus christ that was the most annoying and drawn out intro montage ever. I know this video is a year old, but I hope you have not and never will do an intro like that again.
unimaginably good
Very good video presentation!
This film is a testament to greatness in our generation. This video was a Pretty Good way to start my day.
if they were really serious about success they wouldn’t have lost by so much huh
That intro is just a little too long and a little too obnoxious, I always have to skip it after a while.
I just binged everything you’ve made in a day. All your different series on SB. Incredible. You are going to make some truly amazing content in your career. This stuff is amazing. The bar has been raised.
How many DeVry players went on to play for the Washington Generals?
I have been binging on Jon Bois and SB Nation videos for several hours now and I am so glad I found these channels (subbed to both now btw). I'm not even a fan of baseball/NFL nor a huge follower of basketball but the research and creativity in each of these videos puts this up there with the best of Youtube - but this video in particular is a masterpiece. It's so good I'm interrupting my binge to make this comment. The inter-disciplinary nature of moving from history to stats to art to literature to film and all points in between is staggering and above it all its explained in such a way that not only is it highly entertaining and informative but almost affirming - it feels like this was so much bigger than a basketball game, it feels like this was an event that should be held up high in the annals of human history as something to which we all should aspire to in our respective walks of life. Which I appreciate so much as a common theme in all the 'Pretty Good' series of videos - it isn't just a simple appraisal and shoutout to intriguing events but also a closer inspection of everything that makes it so great and so vitally relatable to every kind of person. This is sports transcended and I never thought that number crunching would bring me to this point of reflection. Statistics and Metaphysics - you have done something wondrous Jon Bois. If it were possible, I wish this video were eligible for an Emmy or an Oscar - both as a recognition of the amazing work it is and also so that more people can watch this and gain that inspiration - to know that sport teaches you everything you need to know to live your life the right way, that content and message can go hand in hand and be absolutely kick-ass and supremely touching simultaneously. This is beyond 'Pretty Good'. This belongs on the Olympus of Online Content - "some great thing that shall be told among men hereafter.” (The Iliad, Book XXII)
Dartez Daniel (Devry) scored the most points at 42 (only 6 points came from 3 point shots), and he only played 25 minutes. Clayton Jones (Devry) gave the ball away 19 times (2 turnovers per minute) with the most minutes played at 40 (he never left the game once). Devry gave the ball away 44 times. Brian Simpson (Troy State) only played 15 minutes and he scored 37 points (2.5 points per minute). Devry shot zero free throws, and Troy State only committed one foul.
I swear to god I’m just rewatching pretty good
That's weird. I got 252-141.
On March 13, 2017, SB Nation's Jon Bois published a video in which he argued that the correct final score of the game was Troy State 253, DeVry 141. Relying on a recording of the game posted to YouTube, Bois counted all made baskets and arrived at 253 points for Troy State. He identified two potential scorer's errors: a Troy State dunk that went in after the horn had errantly blown that resulted in a return of the ball to Troy State, and an attempted three-point basket that ended with the ball lodged between the backboard and rim.[2] YOU DID IT JON! THIS IS FROM WIKIPEDIA! WE DID IT! YES
The 104 dislikes are DeVry grads
idk why but these always make me feel like there's gonna be a jumpscare
this video is honestly terrifying
The beginning got me tripping balls
Fun fact: the highest scoring player in that game (with the false score) was Dartez Daniel, for DeVry, and he only scored 42 points, and there was only one fouls committed by Troy State, and there were only 3 total free throws made, out of 3 attempted
No doubts, one of the best videos on YouTube
Devry got a basketball ball team WTFFFFF?
The best series on youtube, by far!!
Can confirm - those were perfect eggs Jon, thanks man.
What is the song used for that 80's synth thing
tf is this video
When editing did you decide ear rape was a viable source of audio?
Can Someone Tell me Whats going on in the comment section? I was just searching for the First dab and found this Video :s
The Wikipedia revision history on this game is insane. Wikipedia editors have reversed Jon's edited score of 253 for Troy an outstanding 36 times now as of today, February 17.
Could you imagine refereeing this game? I'm exhausted just thinking about it
I've really got to start replying in one just sentence to suit today's DeVry vs. Troy St./ADHD society....
Roses are red I hate when people scream DeVry got a basketball ball team
Did DeVry practice 3 days or 4 days a week? Or......3.5?
You guys sure know how to present charts and data
Put cheese in your scrambled eggs
I made scrambled eggs based off his tip and they are PRETTY GOOD
If he did this weekly SB Nation would be the biggest youtube channel
I have no clue why, but I cried watching this video.
Epic
Double checked Kip Smithers film and when Troy gets it to 200, Devry definitely has 107. I also noticed not long after the Troy 3 to get it to 200, the scorer somehow gives Troy 3 extra points and Devry keeps being reported as having 3 less than it should have. I can see that mistake pretty clearly, and understand why as the scorer was struggling to show the Troy score in some way. Later, but I'm not sure when, the same thing happens with a 2 pointer, because they start saying the score 5 points off for both teams (5 too many for Troy, 5 less for Devry). Then, very late in the game they say that Devry has 137 (Which was on track for 5 too many for Troy, 5 less for Devry). Not long after Devry hits the three as time expires and the game ends, but for some reason the scorer has them at 141. My final score is 253-145. I am a genius :)
this seemed less like a game, and more of a ball relay-throwing race
This Video is pure art.
Jon Bois, the videos are beyond great. I watched the Kip Smither's film and do not agree with you that the score was 200-105. I have 200-107. There is a timeout at the 53:30 mark and the announcers say (At the 54:17 mark) that Devry has 107, which I agree with. After the timeout, Troy state goes on a run with no Devry scoring and gets that three to get to 200, thus 200-107. Do you think Devry had only 105 at this point in the game? Also, the Devry possession at the 57:40 mark, you can't see the play! Did you score this as a 2 for Devry or not? It looks like a 2 for Devry to me.
What is "In the shop for repairs"? Is there another episode of PRETTY GOOD that was taken down? Or is that just a troll to make people think there was another episode?
Retarded edition, seems like it wants to make it something deep. Pretty Dumb
I remember going to DeVry for a week. They graded on a curve. You basically were paying for a degree. Nothing about that place was legit
wtf is up with the 2 min intro! wow thats long
This is an amazing work! Please always keep this up and keep on doing this type of work! It is GREAT!
Those were the worst scrambled eggs i’ve ever seen
Those eggs were awesome
Those eggs bro did not look fully cooked lol
L
That is the grossest scrambled eggs i have ever seen.
Jon, you captured it! A MASTERPIECE in insane, unbridaled, furious fun. The players hugging at the end, the ominous retro DeVry commercial announcer rambling on and on gives this a historic touch to an otherwise silly yet phenomenal night. It was more than just another game. It was a test of human limits... and that screwy scoreboard's too.
the ending is epic
too serious about success
3:30 Y u teaching us how to make scrambled eggs?
Dude how much weed do you smoke?
He sounds like Chip Kelly.
This is really autistic. Good work.
WE CAN TELL THAT'S JUST LA CROIX YOU FRAUD
great video. terrible eggs.
Your scrambled eggs look like rice pudding 3:57
so btw ummm Does H&R Block sell hamburgers or naw???
I live in Troy and go to Troy and I didn't know this.
Why the 2 1/2 minute ear rape in the beginning?
you give your hot sauce nice job makeing your dog sick
wait what were those scrambled eggs why were they not cooked what did you do did you actually eat that
Jon all your videos are perfect.
Dude those scrambled eggs looked gross.... if you want fluffy scrambled eggs you don’t stir them so much
Who was the leading scorer for Troy ?
This is far and away the best video I have ever watched on YouTube
Somehow there was only one triple double (according to the box score anyway). And only 2 players (one from each team) broke 40 points.
You can’t call the Gods on toll-free numbers
Can confirm, keep stirring eggs on low heat = best result. So creamy and wonderful! .. Also great video as always Jon!
Jon this is fantastic, the Illiad tie ins are incredible.
The intro montage thing is the most annoying and obnoxious thing I've ever seen on YouTube. Great content otherwise. :\
It's not rare. It's the NBA All Star game.
Why did you make the clock turn instead of the second hand turn
DeVry got a basketball ball team
This is honestly amazing to the level of creepy
My dad went to the high school that Jon went to and I live in Louisville, where he’s from
That is a horrible scramble eggs. Looks like my cats puke. And please equalize your sound.
It occurs to me, watching this, that the Trojans are not the only classical Greek figures one could invoke. It was said that the men who fought against the Persian forces at Marathon had a saying they would use to refer to their service at that plain. Famous for having sprinted across the open expanse to close on the ranks of Persian archers, deadly at range but lightly armoured and no match for a Hoplite in close quarters, the Greeks of Marathon would distill their experience to a two word phrase: "We ran." It was their way of summing up the battle, their mad charge, the glory of what they accomplished. I wonder if the players of DeVry ever reunite, and over drinks commemorating the night they helped birth something silly into the world that wasn't there before, as Shel Silverstein might say, they ever look at one another and toast the Herculean effort of seven men who provided the fuel for the greatest loss in basketball history with the same phase? "We ran."
your beers are just lacroix you poser
I remember Paul Harvey raving about this game on his morning news the next day. I wish I could find a recording of it on the Net, but I guess I'll just have to be satisfied with my fading memory of said broadcast. Also, good on you for taking the time to catch the scoring errors. I can't really blame the scorers for messing it up a little, considering the sheer insanity of the game.
I'm a sports nut and I just stumbled into this. This is the best fucking thing on youtube. The whole thing. These videos make everything else on youtube, on TV look like shit. The lack of attention this guy's work gets it bordering on criminal. You don't even have to care about sports to love this. Youtube, get Helen Keller away from your algorithm settings. Anyone who stumbles into this will care. I now have the privilege of binge watching all these SB Nation and Jon Bois vids. I'm going to be depressed when I'm done, I know it.
This isn't pretty good. This shit is amazing
Thanks for another phenomenal video, Jon! You are the greatest!
great job on the research for all the crazy statistics. my brain is thumping
Just your normal 112 point game, no big deal
30:12 he dabbed again
Your "scrambled eggs" look absolutely disgusting. They look like yellow diarrhea.
Your "scrambled eggs" look absolutely disgusting. They look like yellow diarrhea.
This video is phenomenal, wish content like this got more recognition
So... so close to 400 points total. Even with the miscount, it didn't make it. To think that this game failed something however, would be preposterous. I congratulate the scorekeeper for doing that good of a job as to be only off by 5 points in a 100+ point blowout at 6.7 mph, and Jon for going through all that footage, writing, and pain to bring us a finality. I wish you nothing more than success
Wilt Chamberlain 100 point game was pretty good imo
you really eat scrambled eggs like that????
The episode just ended. I am genuinely moved. Such a small, such a trivial, event, and such a silly, minute, beautiful, erudite and grand treatment thereof. I don't know if I've ever seen anything like it. JB's work deserves greater recognition for his unique genius. I sincerely hope he makes more like this-- if it is possible to hit such an apex more than once.
What was the over/under?
Woah we went to the same high school thats so cool
This is pretty good!
This video aaalmost makes me wanna learn video production and editing. Damn fine work.
The only thing more staggering is how few views this has
this guy really spent his time breaking down a game nobody knew even existed. wtf? he's def single.
Great content. You reallllllllly gotta work on that sound mixing though, holy shit.
the intro to every video is such a waste of time.
25:48 lol omg how great
"there was no one left to compare them to....they kept climbing" *Me getting caught up in the tone of the video*: YOU FOOLS!!! YOU DONT KNOW WHAT YOUVE BECOME
Honestly though A high school diploma and alot of time is really all you need to be good at anything these days. More power to ya, Jon
Those eggs did not look done...
Louisville!
Watching this really high is incredible
Why does this just seem like one of the best video I have watched ever. I think it is the care and effort put into something that matter so little to the world but to you and myself as I was watching it is the most important thing ever that he score was off by 5 points. Jon I don’t know how or why you do this but I love you for it.
The last ten minutes of this video is basically Oliver Stone's JFK
I W A S P A R T O F T H E T E A M A T D E V R Y
What an extremely strange game.... to not only get blown out, not only give up 250+ points, but to be CORDIAL about it.
In serious tone "I watched it with trusted associates, which proved extremely valuable." "Did he dab?" SB in a nutshell
I love how happy the DeVry players are to have lost by 100+ and given up the most points ever.
The editing is always more surreal then the topic he's talking about lol
This game is like someone playing an NBA video game while holding both controllers, lol.
John Bois should direct a 30 for 30
I FIND A LARGE ISSUE WITH THIS VIDEO. (Edit) My name is close to DeVry University's spelling.
I live in troy Alabama right next to dothan
wtf is a "dab?" showing my whiteness i suppose but seriously.....
These episodes scare me a bit.
17 38
This is outstanding. I don't remember how many times I've watched this. This is just very good content. Art, even.
Tried scrambling eggs how Jon does in this vid. It was pretty good, but too runny for my taste
This is probably the best Pretty Good episode
lmfao this is so good
Why did these have to stop
2:20 if you want to skip the ear-bleeding mish-mash of sounds after Jon's intro.
You did it. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/1992_Troy_State_vs._DeVry_men%27s_basketball_game
The end of the video gave me chills. So well put together and such a great comparison between art and sport. Its such a nothing game, but such an important one.
Your editing gives me nightmares omg
Yo I love this series, I watch it when I'm doing homework or writing an essay, it's good content, great editing as far as story telling but in all honestly I hate when jon or whoever edits it makes it so repetitive it's annoying, for example this video, the intro it's like over and over and over the same footage, throughout videos of the series the climax is played out by some crazy fast paced editing, loud crazy music, non linear editing and reptative, I wouldn't mind if it was once or twice but it's done in every video
The percents of the games are of a half
Lmaoo 6:08 I go to Mars Hill University
Is Troy State the same as Troy university
This is quite possibly the best youtube video I’ve ever watched
Im convined "Pretty Good" is just a video diary of Jon's spiral downward to insanity
DEVRY. WE'RE SERIOUS ABOUT SUCCESS.
This was pretty good, but good god what were those eggs?
I just noticed that during each chapter countdown, the entire clock rotates, not the clock hand. Notice the thicker marks on the clock face.
"We're Troy State We once scored Two fifty-eight We Devastate All U Suckas better Relate Got No Time fo' Hate"
You won't see this probably but the quotes spattered through out the video are a beautiful touch
Jon Bois makes videos about sports that I'd like to make - something that makes these little details relevant to folks who may not be into sports and bring out the drama, the absurdity, and humanity of it.
Homeric works about for-profit colleges
13:57
wtf Jon, you went to Waggener?
Stop the internet, for I have witnessed the final epic.
best episode yet
Each one of your pieces is simply a work of art!
2.2 percent chance (insert lavar ball joke)
Jon Bois GOAT
this was a spiritual experience
I don't want to be that guy but why is it that you never cites your sources for these vids. If someone wanted to look into these stories, how can they know that what you say is factual?
You googling "homeric works about for-profit colleges" made me choke on my sandwich
I have scored many basketball games, and this game is hell on earth for a scorer! I agree with Jon, it 's incredible that they were only off by 5 points.
Nobody in Alabama calls it Troy [State]
How come these don't get more views?
ty for the 2 minute YT poop intro for no fuckin reason.
Well Jon we grew up right next to each other. Come to Proof when you're in town next, my friend.
Jon Bois is the only person that can make this type of quality content on YouTube and only have 150k views
Got to hand it to Devry for having so much fun the whole time, kinda makes me smile that they can be getting kill but still smiling and having a great time
Jon Bois is a goddamn artist.
When will we see the next one? It's been 6 months?!
1:14 God, these videos are like surrealist movies/documentaries, they're brilliant. Why don't more people know about you?
I think the "dab" was them mimicking the Dee Brown dunk from the 1991 NBA Slam Dunk Contest
You should do the Rangers-Orioles game years ago where the score was 30-3.
This man is the Tower of Babel of SB Nation.
What if I told you... the score of the highest scoring basketball game of all time... Was wrong? John Bois presents: 30 for 30
12:23 that's pretty good*
I like the way you think John
I've watched all the videos in the series during the last week (after stumbling across 17776) and been consistently blown away, I've already told everyone I know about this series, but somehow this most recent addition to the series is the best of them all - I can't wait to see what Jon goes on to do in the future, he seems to be some sort of genius storyteller.
w e ' r e s e r i o u s a b o u t s u c c e s s
just discovered this series. Its pretty good.
The score was changed on Wikipedia.
The Wikipedia now recognises this score and includes : " On March 13, 2017, SB Nation's Jon Bois published a video in which he argued that the correct final score of the game was Troy State 253, DeVry 141. Relying on a recording of the game posted to YouTube, Bois counted all made baskets and arrived at 253 points for Troy State. He identified two potential scorer's errors: a Troy State dunk that went in after the horn had errantly blown that resulted in a return of the ball to Troy State, and an attempted three-point basket that ended with the ball lodged between the backboard and rim.[8]"
You sir are pretty damn good
This is the greatest thing ever.
In the video before the alley-oop where the ball got stuck, the announcers say "255" as their score and do not count it as there is a 3-pointer made shortly after for the 258 final score. So not sure how that is part of the phantom points.
Skip to 2:22. You'll thank me later.
It is 1:30 in the morning and I have work tomorrow. I have NO idea how i got here can someone send help
We need more of these!
But what if you removed the three point shots alltogether?
This video could have been half as long.
For those who like reading those quotes, or want to skip to some spot but are stuck on mobile: •1 THE FUN AND GUN ~ 2:20 •2 DEVRY ~ 4:09 •3. DEVRY OF DECATUR ~ 5:49 •4 THE SKY ~ 8:39 •5 THE SCOREBOARD ~ 10:27 #5.5 (First Movie Clip) - 13:45 •6 THE CLOCKS ~ 14:20 •7 THE TRIPS ~ 16:06 •8 THE BALL ~ 17:52 •9 CHINONE ~ 20:48 •10 [ERROR] ~ 22:13 •11 BABLE ~ 28:29 •12 END ~ 31:08
Could you calculate the highest theoretical score, with one team intentionally inbounding to the other who then shoots a 3 with 100% accuracy?
Great video, but please, either turn your mic up, or turn the music down. Because around last chapter, I had to turn the volume up and down, either because you were too silent, or because music was fucking screaming.
John can u get me an internship at SB nation? U have my dream job fr
You should do a pretty good on the appalachian state vs michigan upset
dude i love your videos but that intro almost gave me a panic attack and the scrambled eggs thing was disgusting please dont do that again
Don't forget that DeVry was a punch line in a Michael Jordan Nike commercial.
It's been changed now. LOL! https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/1992_Troy_State_vs._DeVry_men%27s_basketball_game
I feel like I just watched an indoctrination video for a cult.
When is Pretty Good coming back Jon I love your videos?
the production value of your videos never ceases to blow my mind. your videos have like genuine scores playing, and when something so absurd and ridiculous happens it's impossible to believe, we're met with these shrill strings that genuinely scare me. in the 222-0 episode, the sudden music following the tale of the guy who blocked the field goal genuinely made my stomach sink.
All eggs are disgusting but the video is pretty good.
DO NOT WATCH THIS ALL AT ONCE YOU WILL ACTUALLY GO INSANE
Why do you make them so creepy
hiyoutube
amazing
This is... Pretty Good
Hhhghhh go to truth contest site read the present
What does he use to make these graphs and presentations?
A. This is incredible, as always. B. What's the music that starts around the 10:05 mark?
Pretty Good is the Dark Side of the Moon of Youtube content.
MORE PRETTY GOOD
eh, this video is pretty good
that's cool I go to Waggener right now
this IS capitalism
Notice the song in "The Clocks" chapter is sped up.
The use of music in the series is absolutely fantastic.
GIVE THIS MAN AN OSCAR!
This really could be like 10 mins shorter tbh. Not hating, just constructive criticism
What is this damned brilliance? I don't know anything about basketball, I'm not american and I've never seen a basketball game in my life, nor a DeVry commercial. But I can understand an art performance made by two teams in silent, respectful, sportsmanlike coalition, not competing against one another, but competing against history and obscurity. After 17776 I was starving for more of your content and I've found amazing stuff, if not better. Jon Bois you're amazing. I wonder what kind of content you'd do if you weren't into sports.
I've watched this video maybe 17776 times
lol, 253 to 141 looks like a cricket score, not a basketball score
I'm not normally into sports, but this channel is fuckin cool. It's like the Polygon of sports.
devry got a basketball ball team
MORE. MOAR
Off to Wikipedia I go!
Those eggs looked like chunks of egg in butter soup
dude i live in louisville to
Why do you insist on making a great video then putting the most annoying intro ever on it
So... Has the NCAA addressed this at all or...?
Tried cooking eggs the way you said. It didn't work. Stirred for like 12 minutes and nothing happened.
That Eugene tv schedule tho.
Y O L E T S B R E A K I T D O W N
I've watched this episode about 4-5 times and the meaning of the "Babel" section had gone right over my head until today
17:40
Do one about the 1972 Olympic Basketball Final.
Good content. But too much irrelevant stuff wasting my time
WE'VE BEEN WAITING 2 DAMN MONTHS UPLOAD PRETTY GOOD ALREADY
HOOOOOT SAAAAAUUUUUCCCCEEEEE
Should do the 33-inning minor league game if he makes another episode, it's got some funny/ridiculous little stories associated with it.
That intro sound was worse than nails on a chalkboard jesus Jon
Jon Bois has no real reason to be this good.
I might've shed a few tears watching this.
fucking trippy
Do more!!
you got your scrambled egg technique down but i recommended beating with a whisk in a separate bowl before adding to the pan. this aerates your eggs and results in a fluffier texture when cooked. oh yeah the rest of the video is good too
Please do a video on the immense hatred of sports blogger Chris Chase
Bring Pretty Good back please! It would be more than pretty good. It would be amazing!
who else got tingles whenever that transition music played
Use better music it conda creepy
that intro was cancer
chino hills inspiration
this is important
It's almost as bad as the all star game
How does this not have more views? I got goosebumps watching this.
I just sat here and watched every pretty good and it was the best thing ever
So I don't know if Jon Bois is responsible for all of this but I tip my hat to whomever wrote in the Trojan/Iliad references!
this fucker right here makes the best videos on the Internet.
What is the creepy piece of music that's reused in several Pretty Goods?
Anyone know the song that starts at 5:58 ?
Can somebody get ahold of the NCAA and get them to officially review the scoring discrepancy?
This man eats his eggs raw
The first person to dab
Pretty Good episode 12 https://youtu.be/rERQVN3sh9E
you need a special broadcast segment on ESPN
i'll take back a part of what i said about linking a film. this is a film. you could win an oscar if you wanted to. but really, i want to see your student art projects or weekend bullshit when you were 19. you're remarkably good at this.
there were dudes on BOTH teams that really thought they were headed for the league. big props on all of them for keeping it moving though. i hear the eighties were a wild time. i'm 54.
I'm just here for the egg recipe EDIT: I couldn't totally replicate it (has to take a couple of brief pauses to let the eggs turn solid-ish), but it's better eggs than I was making.
How much La Croix you been drinkin', Jon?
This guy is such a good journalist
That's pretty incredible. That a game is so high scoring that they couldn't even keep up with it. But with the computer technology today they wouldn't have that issue anymore.
The music at 12:37 always gets me
incredible video. please continue to make these. they are by far the comfiest videos i have ever seen - such intricate amount of detail on seemingly mundane and overlooked moments that really bring out the minute bits of humankind....its awe inspiring. i love these.
HURRY UP AND MAKE ANOTHER GODDAMN PRETTY GOOD ALREADY
I don't think you're a total goofus, Jon.
Jon I really hope you see this. This is the most quality produced video I have ever seen on youtube. Everything about it is perfect, thank you.
This is one of the greatest videos I've ever seen
Wait.. So their website says "more than 55 locations". Their rough number of locations wasn't even rounded to something ending in a zero, they rounded down to 55 from 60. WHO DOES THAT?
The Wikipedia page is protected until June 20 because people keep changing the score
jon has a talent for making anything seem cry inducing glorious
real talk that intro gave me a headache
What the name of the song at the end?! It's perfect for that spot in the video and it just sounds PRETTY GOOD!
O H ! !
26:03 The first dab ever recorded in human history! Holy shit!
This video is fantastically awesome in its over the top seriousness. Well done.
Jon Bois is the Adam Curtis of sports
Jon makes the best content on YouTube i can't think of any other creator who cares as much as he does about quality
Troy vs DeVry is real-life Breaking Madden. I think that's why Jon made this video.
This video is beautiful.
I know Americans are not as into soccer as basketball, baseball, or football, but I think Leicester City's 2015-16 story to become the most unlikely champions of English soccer would make a Pretty Good episode.
I demand Netflix pay you to make more episodes
I absolutely love the mixing of the movie clips, the sorta acid trip nature of the editing, which probably simulates how watching this live must have been for the few thousand who saw it. Also I don't exactly blame the official scorers for miscounting the score, at that point your brain is probably fried from watching what you can hardly do in a video game today (let alone at the time).
These videos are some of the best I've seen in my life
Seriously, this may as well be the most beautiful thing I have ever seen.
I LOVE JON BOIS
I reeeaaaalllyyy want a pretty good on the longest tennis match in history between John isner and Nicolas Mahut. They played a total of 11 hours 5 minutes, spanning 3 days, in which the final game ended 70-68. It is almost double the record of the second longest game, which clocks in at 6 hours 43 minutes, and had a final game score of 15-13.
The part where the Troy guy says that DeVry wanted them to get the record and were having fun with it may be one of the best shows of good sportsmanship I've ever seen on DeVry's part.
HOYAAAAA
I'd like to suggest doing an episode on one guy from Grinnell college I think it was a few years back and scored 130+ points.
I got to Troy University (formerly Troy State), and this game is talked about to this day still! It's a shame they are going to tear down the old Sartain Hall where the game happened, so much history is in that little gym.
yo, this shit's like some Yoko Taro ass shit... referencing Homer and shit in a game of basketball, fuck this got very metaphorical
This isn't really relevant at all but I'm pretty sure the court you are using in the diagram is an NBA court. Love your videos though. There really needs to be a Jon Bois playlist on this channel, that's all I really want to watch.
the least you could do was post a video on your own channel to say that we can find new videos on this channel, I've been craving "pretty good" like a crack addict with no dealer for so long
Devry: loses by 119 (112) points Their players after the game: "Hell yeah"
Love Jon Bois, but Breughel was Belgian!
11:00 A Honda Civic Type-R can hit around 150-160mph, nerd.
La Croix is so good
At 30:11 he dabs AGAIN (left side of screen)
A got one would be Clemente's inside the park walk-off grand slam. :)
29:57 the headline reads: "It's not a misprint!" oh if only they knew.....
"Pretty good" are the highest quality videos on the internet.
Those couldn't have been eggs
This is the type of channel that should have millions of subscribers. Not dudes playing Minecraft embarrasing themselves (and embarrasing themselves not because they play that game, but because the "Jokes" are embarrasingly bad).
you grew up in louisville?? thats where i live thats dope
Another comment, Jon. 1.8 points per minute would give you 72, not 73.
If you scored 6.4 points per minute, that would get 256 points, not 253. To get 253, they'd need to score 6.325 points per minute.
Yay! I live for the Pretty Good episodes! They need more exposure, they're always so fascinating!
This video is amazing
Truly amazing stuff.
Jon, do a pretty good about archie griffin.Only put up average numbers in the nfl, and yet was a 2 time heisman at ohio state
why, do these videos keep popping up in my recommended? I don't really like them
Love these episodes! Lays it all out in an interesting and informative way! Thanks
insanity, lmao
This is honestly my favorite series that I have ever found on youtube
Thank god Jon you're back... I thought you were gone forever
Jon do you know what the beginning song is? Or does anyone else know?
On Wikipedia it was changed to 253-141
3:28 - Okay, so I'm a big hockey fan, but over the last couple of decades the game's kinda seen some drastic changes in regards to how it's played... Teams nowadays generally play with tight defensive systems, preferring to wait for the other team to make a mistake and capitalise on it. The quality of play's gotten higher, since teams don't make many mistakes, but because of that scoring is nowhere as high as it was in the 70's, 80's and early 90's, and I guess I just don't find the game as fun as it once was. I guess what I'm saying is, I'd love to see a coach take the Fun N' Gun system and try to adapt it to the game of hockey. Emphasise speed, never stop moving; when you get into the offensive zone quickly find the best scoring chance you can get, shoot and go for rebounds if you can; and when you're on defence always go to steal the puck, and generally just keep the game moving as fast as possible. It'd be tough, no doubt - in a league where every team waits for mistakes, having a system that would doubtlessly create lots of mistakes would be a challenge - but I'd love to see it; I'd love to see someone try to make hockey fun again.
I love this series, keep up the great work. Also, you may want to look into one of the most futile football games ever played. North Texas vs Florida International, with 7 overtimes
Its amazing how something so minuscule and pointless in life can be so fascinating to watch. Good job on the content
Vsauce meets Mike Korzemba
God bless Jon Bois. This is the best series on YouTube.
Jesus was the word incarnate. You, Jon, are a sports Necronomicon given life. And I love you for it.
God damn, these Pretty Good videos are brilliant.
Not sure if anyone else has mentioned these things, but... 1. One natural comparison would be the last couple years' NBA All-Star games, where there was some drama over whether they could run the score up to 200. 2. When Roller Derby is played with basketball scoreboards (as it often is) they have similar problems displaying the score. There it's tough to keep track of the score every game, so their officiating, bookkeeping, and scorekeeping systems are designed around it.
These are fucking amazing. Never ever stop making these Jon. Please. Im fucking obsessed with these
The immense amount of work put into this video makes amazing quality. This series is awesome
This is pretty much Chino Hills' whole offense strategy
jon bois you are a god
141 points in a loss... not bad DeVry, not bad. Great episode!!!
I discovered this channel recently and watched all 11 previous episodes and did not know what to do with life. Thank god for this :-) Make more frequently.
Bois has the best edited videos, he needs his own TV show
Like if from Decatur or Atlanta
This video is pretty good.
Wait, why isn't this on Jon's channel?
i have no idea what you said about basketball in the first part i was too focused on the eggs
Greatest series on YouTube
said it before, but it's worth saying it again. This is pretty good.
If you go to edit on the wikipedia of the score there is a note that reads: "DO NOT CHANGE THE FINAL SCORE TO 253-141. That is not the official score, and the NCAA doesn't recognize it as such. Just because some guy at SB Nation claims he saw two buckets miscounted does NOT make it official. Any edits to the final score on this article will be reverted immediately without question." That is pretty funny.
25:55 thank me later.
I love this series!!!!
I freaking love these vids don't ever stop making them!
intro gave me cancer severely lacking smooth jazz all in all, pretty good
This might be my favorite video on YouTube. Ever. I'm serious. This is like you took everything good about video essays and NPR radio labs and put it in the context of sports
JON BOIS??!?!?!? WHERE HAVE YOU BEEN MAN?!
wowza this is trippy
30 minute jon bois video yes
That intro was Aids
so this game reminds me of this years all star game
What tf is this?
Great ass video
That fast break style of play is becoming popular again at the high school level. The Ball brothers and Chino Hills won over 60 games in row and was the number 1 team in the 2016 USA Today High School Sports Super 25.
Im high as shit and this is the best channel on Youtube when you're high.
Ugh, those are fucking Gordon Ramsay scrambled eggs. +1 for Tapatio, though.
seriously man, you have to work on your audio levels..
This is the best video I've ever seen in my life.
Looks like Chino Hills
the beginning was so trippy
This is the best thing to ever happen to the internet
THANK GOD HE MADE ANOTHER ONE
those first 2 minutes were annoying af
I actually realized something. I don't think this game would be as tiring for the players as one might initially think, even with 7 players on DeVry's team. In a normal basketball game, most players on the court are used in every possession both on offense and on defense. Thus, every player must keep moving, stay involved, AND sprint both up and down the floor for offense and defense. In a game like this, usually only one or two guys are involved per play. So if you rotated the person taking the ball up the court and scoring, then the other guys would actually get to basically stand on the court and rest for the next minute or two, since they aren't playing defense. I think this is how the ridiculous breakneck pace was kept throughout the entire game.
Waiting for the Wikipedia for this game to be changed
Jon puts so much time and effort into these and they are amazing
Don't do the chapter format pls
So they basically played like chino hills before chino hills.
A 3-15 team scored 141 points what a time for basketball...
oh shit i didn't know jon went to waggener. i didn't know people graduated from waggener. i thought all of them drop out
This video is magnificent
I am not the least bit interested in basketball. I know the basic rules and stuff, but the game never interested me. But the connections to mythology, the editing, the use of music: this is one of the top ten videos I have ever seen, and I have seen a lot of videos in my 5 years on this website.
have you written a book yet, your Pretty Good series is really good. i would buy that.
You're from Louisville??? and you went to Waggener??? I now feel more connected to you than ever, Jon.
Finally... A defensive scheme that James Harden can fit in to
This is hands down the best series on youtube
why isn't then last game of the 2011 mlb season an episode by now
YES, A NEW PRETTY GOOD
Devrywereseriousaboutsuccess.gif
Has this caused an edit war on Wikipedia yet? :)
this is like actual professional cinematography
That intro had me tripping
watched this cause I thought it would be kool... ...... about 2 minutes in I thought I was on drugs
You forgot the fact that it took 7 people to put together the box score, which took an hour to complete. The fact that it took multiple people that long to complete a box score is amazing in itself. Another great video Jon, keep it up.
You're the greatest American humorist active today, and every time I consume any of your content I ponder on how god damned criminal it is that so few people have seen what I have seen and laughed as hard as I have laughed. I don't give a shit about sports, man. Nothing is more boring to me other than church, but every single episode of pretty good has made me care, sit back, and stop to breathe.
No wonder I've stopped getting notifications of pretty good. I am subd to John Boise, not sbnation.
18:07 whats the song in this part, i love the saxophone
YES MORE PRETTY GOOD!!!1!
I love this series. Does anyone know why so few of his videos in this series can even get close to 100k views when the content is this solid? Someone should do a Pretty Good episode on that.
OOOOOOOOOOOO JON UPLOADED
Is it bad that I pronounce it Jon Bwah in my head?
yes... it's here..... YESSSS
Jon felt the art strongly in this one
This isn't a YouTube video it's art.
Yessss
it feels " pretty good " when john bois makes a video
Please keep making these, Jon. They are wonderful!
I gave it a like after watching 36 seconds. Let's watch the rest. I'm already crying. This is pretty good.
How does this video have any dislikes
This video was pretty good
I have NEVER seem a comment section this unanimously positive! No smack talk, no politics. If all he ever did was inspire this one comment section of goodness that's PRETTY GOOD!!!!! But ya, like everyone else here I am a fan/ borderline fanboy. Great work. P
Please make more, I love these. In the meantime I'll just keep rewatching them all.
Bart, you should have thought about that before you dropped out of the DeVry Institute.
"pretty good" OOOHH YES
Wait a second your from Kentucky? I'm live in Kentucky we should go hang out and talk about how much better Kentucky is than Louisville or argue about it. Either way it should be a great time.
I love this show so much
Amazing vid
OH MY GOD IT'S BACK MY FAVORITE SERIES ON YOUTUBE WE LOVE YOU JON BOIS
How do u not have infinite subscribers
The story was pretty good. But the video was more than that
THANK GOD ITS BACK! I've been waiting Jon, thanks man
upload this on Jon Bois channel please!!!!!!!!
I freaking love these videos
YES OUR LORD AND SAVIOR JON BOIS IS BACK!!!!!
Another pretty good feature of this series: Finding the first dab over 20 years before it became popular.
:O A new pretty good
oretty good ol johnno
Usually if the scorer makes an error there is plenty of time for someone to notice and correct the error but in this unique game I can imagine that the game was so fast it was difficult for someone else to catch the error.
DevRy: We're serious about success
love this jon.
devry got a basketball ball team
I'm here to compliment Mr. Bois' use of Google Earth in these videos. Pretty Good, Jon.
Thanks for another crowning achievement of mankind Mr. Bois.
after the horn going off for the first 2 "fake" points, did the team score off of the reuslting posession?
jon is the best
Jon, I understand now why you said this was your favorite episode yet. Thank you so much for making this. I'd call it all sorts of hyperbolic adjectives, but it feels inappropriate to call it anything but pretty good.
You heathens know nothing about the custardy reward of a slowly scrambled egg, with microscopic curds. Also this video was wildly entertaining.
What's the song that plays during Chapter 4, or the one that starts at 8:47? I've seen Jon use that one a lot, and I'm dying to know what it is
Amazing again Jon, the fact that you find such unusually compelling stories to tell and tell them in such a distinctive way is a stunning achievement. One question though - with Pretty Good moving to the SB Nation channel does that mean there won't be any more non-sports episodes like the balloon chair?
Teach me your ways one day, I want to become a statistic genius like you Jon
Excellent work, Jon. I've enjoyed all of Pretty Good, but I particularly appreciate the effort that was put into this one. The format, the music, the way the awe never quite leaves your voice...there's something, for lack of a better word, substantial about this piece that I really dig. It doesn't feel like just another Internet video. It feels like art. Anyway. Thanks for this - keep up the good work.
this is lit
these are more interesting that some 30 for 30's
was that intro a drug trip
25:53 the first ever dab...amazing
The hell was that intro
FINALLY MORE JOHN BOIS!!!!!!! THANK YOU SB NATION.
>Discovers First recorded Dab  >Becomes Editor in Chief. Living The Dream.
Jon, never learn to balance your audio. Makes it soo much better.
It's so funny cause nowadays my college routinely beats Troy in basketball. I have a newly found respect for them
I remember back when I played NCAA Football on the Xbox 360. I made a Dynasty mode coach on the Oregon Ducks, the team who had the fastest paced offense at the time. You used to be able to edit the roster of your team however you liked. At first, I would edit the QB and the Backs. But later in the coach's career, I would edit everyone. Everyone would be a 99 OVR in every category. I accumulated a winning streak that went far beyond the 47 game record set by the Oklahoma Sooners. Eventually, The streak went into the hundreds. I consistently beat teams by 200 or more. One time I scheduled a FCS team and broke the game's scoring limits. I even beat the best teams, like Alabama or Ohio State, by over 100. To this day I still haven't lost a game on the dynasty, primarily due to the fact that I haven't touched my copy of NCAA Football 14 in around a year. I have my Xbox away to a younger cousin when I received a PlayStation 4 for Christmas in 2015. Godspeed, Dillion Schneider. You shall be missed.
Just commenting to say how absurdly happy I am to have a new Jon Bois video!!!
Jon Bois is a straight up genius
I like this series so much that I would pay for YouTube Red to watch it
"3 left turns will send us in the same direction" Jon, i'm sorry, i goofed up my username reference based on the word of a time traveller i thought i could trust, but he was really some sort of trickster beyond time and space bent on embarrassing me for miscounting by 5... wait great video
The Stanislov Petrov episode has been in the shop for well over a year now, right? You didn't send it to Jon's Sandwich Shop, did you?
The 3 dislikes are salty DeVry fans (if it's even possible to be a fan of them)
These videos are so weird, yet so interesting and informative. I love it.
This is great and as a current Troy student, I can tell you that this game is legendary, basically a myth already. It seems even more unreal now.
Thank you Jon, superb as always
Thank you I needed another one of these
Good Shit!
I would buy these on Blu Ray.
At 5:18 I mentally inserted the creepy music from Eyes Wide Shut.
Awesome video jon
This reminds me of when I used to create conferences of teams in NCAA Football on the Gamecube, Xbox 360 and PS3 that wouldn't normally exist. The DeVry Vikings were always at war with the rival ITT Tech Sharks.
The video we need, but don't deserve
love the series, but you have to be on something.
Yay, a new video from this series!
This is the only good video on YouTube
this is art, jon
Another Pretty Good episode!? I thought this series was dead, glad it's not :)
I found myself getting emotional at the end of this and im not sure how i feel about that
This might've buzzed in 8th period for me and got my phone taken but this was pretty good.
Poetic
Phenomenal.
Thank you Jon. Your videos are wonderful!
And now Troy is in the NCAA tourney. What a time to be alive.
What was 4 about? I wasn't here when it was out so never seen it.
hey that's pretty goooood
#morejon why isnt he uploading to his channel anymore
Honest to god those were the worst scrambled eggs I've ever seen
KEEP THESE VIDEOS COMING I CANT WAIT THIS LONG
ITS BACK
This was a pretty good experience.
Basketball, the question with no answer...
So proud of u Jon.
[in the shop for repairs] nooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo
did anybody notice the beer was lacroix
keep up the good work Jon!
Jon Bois is BACK BABY
W E ' R E S E R I O U S A B O U T S U C C E S S
I was going to say this was fantastic as always, but really it was... Pretty Good
Don't love the chapter format but another great video
This is a fantastically put together. Good job. I love these
This should be on Jon Bois channel
This should be on Jon Bois channel
I was not expecting to have a philosophical experience when watching a video bout the highest scoring men's basketball game ever, but life's pretty strange like that.
God bless you, Kip Smithers.
Score got changed https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/1992_Troy_State_vs._DeVry_men's_basketball_game
Why do you enjoy eggs with the consistency of creamed corn? Also, bring back [4]!
hey the music is pretty good too!
It's so weird that Sartain Hall is now used for intermural basketball only
This video is like porn. The intro was really annoying, but the main content was amazing.
So this is why you don't put forth as much content as you used to. The burden of this knowledge is too great for any one man. Thank you, Jon.
this is Oscar award winning quality, Jon. Pretty good
Looking at the Wikipedia page for this game, there is now a small paragraph mentioning this video. Congrats Jon, you made it to Wikipedia fame.
DeVry: We're serious about success
This leaves me speechless. Thank you for existing Jon.
Troy is my favorite school so I'm pretty glad you uploaded this
Jon I don't think that those eggs look very good :(
Well... this video was more than pretty good.
Jon Bois is the poet laureate of my generation.
BOI HE DABBIN
Jon Bois is a genius I am obsessed about your videos
This is incredible.
in b4 this video blows up
These videos are amazing
best breaking madden ever
Loving these videos, keep up the good work!
13th
why are the intros always so creepy
as soon as I saw the notification I stopped what I was doing to watch this
And I just have to say that the utter positivity of all the players in this game is an awesome factor.
Jon Bois is pretty good
How is it that you can generate some of the best content on the Internet on such a regular basis. Thank you for this amazing story and keep up the amazing work
Those eggs definitely weren't done
Do the 19-18 NBA game next.
My boy Jon Bois at it again.
love these, watch as soon as i see them
This, well this is good content.