Basic ass tips
That's what we in Australia call a BBQ, NOT a grill.
way off on the beef temps
oh man, this BBQ grill looks amazing, i usually get to use different utensils to cook a perfect bbq. i find a very good website where you can get as many as you want.. https://www.outsetinc.com/collections
https://www.facebook.com/BurgerimMiami/photos/a.411802012600547.1073741830.315843142196435/452860518494696/?type=3
Yeah baby Awesome !!!
Great... except the carbon remark. That made me laugh...
And you will remember all this with ??
Definitely American.
wow after purchasing barbecue grill...i found this e book...wow what a delicious recipes...,,, do try these recipies.. to know more click below link.... im damn sure you will not regret https://bit.ly/2rTH7TA
I've always been a big fan of Webers,>>>t.co/Al2rAFl5tP   and this one is no different. With a one-gallon can of charcoal it held almost 500° for almost two hours, and stayed well above 350° for at least that long afterward. VERY nice, and we love the color.
Anyone know what make of BBQ this is?
Was going good till the last tip.. oh and Carbon is not a carcinogen. We are carbon based life forms,we should be dead without grilling..
I soaked my timber in whiskey overnight ...... not a good idea. Nearly lost my eyebrows in the process of lighting it up.
2:25PM
When it becomes summer, I'm gonna grill everything ??
This was great, been searching for "making a barbecue" for a while now, and I think this has helped. You ever tried - Ariafan Barbecue Babassu - (do a google search ) ? Ive heard some unbelievable things about it and my work buddy got great results with it.
Many thanks, been searching for "cook charcoal bbq" for a while now, and I think this has helped. You ever tried - Ariafan Barbecue Babassu - (search on google ) ? Ive heard some great things about it and my buddy got amazing success with it.
Fuck yeah
A moja lagisa
BBQ Cleaning Brush https://verdandistore.com/products/black-friday-bbq-cleaning-brush-churrasco-outdoor-grill-cleaner-with-power-of-steam-bbq-accessories-cooking-tool
Grilling. Steaks is. Interesting.
Charring CREATES carbon a CARCINOGEN. Holidaykitchen June 25 2009.
this is moronic.
4:21 That looks pretty charred to me.
Hahahaha vedgies on the grill? what a joke
Wire brushes are very dangerous to use.
@4:53 . Always cut steak against the grain and on a bias
Sorry, all of your meat is burned! My chikens will be very happy!
Carryover heat! Carryover!
Searing doesn't "seal" in juices... That is a myth.
Don't use a wire brush unless you want to send yourself or loved ones to the hospital for emergency surgery... ugh.
So mush wrong. "Searing holds in the juices" Also you should use a temp probe to get grill temp not your hand! And NEVER soak chips! And resting of meat has been de-bunked too.
So many myths in this video.
Makes my mouth water
First rule of grilling. Never use gas or charcoal, always use natural chunk.
Holy shit I tried this today, with Korean beef, chicken kabobs, salmon fillet and of course Veggies!! After we were done, my family needed a forklift to move my body from the patio to the house
tmas
Can someone tell me the average cooking time of raw chickens into a "SMOKELESS" grill?
Should say "tips for newbs". also, cowboys did not cook on stainless steel gas grills. Even for newbs, if they think they'll be grilling fairly regularly, a digital probe-style thermometer is a much better choice than an instant read. By the time you think you should check the meat, it could be overdone, and there's no going back. Get a thermo with multiple probes so you can track different meats, or meat and bbq temp.
IF THE FOOD LOOKS GOOD, EAT IT!
This video refers to the element Carbon, as a carcinogen. That is insane. Carbon is a fundamental building block of life. It is not a carcinogen. That is Jenny McCarthy levels of crazy. "My friend Paul breathes oxygen. Paul got cancer. Therefore, oxygen is a carcinogen." <-- wrong
I've found my own method. I sear both sides of the chicken leg on the grill for a few minutes then I place my chicken on the top rack where the backer burner is essentially allowing the heat to finish them off. it takes around 35-40 minutes but I've found for me and my family that my chicken always turns out amazingly. very juicy and tender. try it. gotta keep the lid closed. checking them every 10 minutes flipping them if need be.
searing doesnt seal in juices
0:13: you can't have more burnt than that!
I see so many things wrong in this video. Black meat causes cancer, and NEVER EVER grill your meat above open flames. Wait until your coals are red glowing but covered with white ash.
Can anyone answer me this? Do you cover the grill when your meat is almost done or during the beginning of grilling?
@4.17 - 'Charring creates carbon, a carcinogen.' What a load of crap. There is nothing carcinogenic about carbon. Get your facts straight before you spread your drivel across YouTube.
Wonderful video, liked, thanks for sharing, happy day to you!
140 for medium rare....not hardly. 125 to 130 tops.
Holy shit I tried this today, with Korean beef, chicken kabobs, salmon fillet and of course Veggies!! After we were done, my family needed a forklift to move my body from the patio to the house.
such a great tips!
GRILLED! NOT FRIED, GRILLED
Good tips, good refresher. I'm going to share this on my blog this weekend now that winter is over and the weather is more conducive to starting outside and grilling. http://notobsessedwithfood.blogspot.com
Excelentes concejos!
Gourmet vegan grilling: http://www.peta.org/living/food/10-best-vegan-bbq-recipes/?utm_campaign=090215%20Living%20E-News&utm_source=PETA%20E-Mail&utm_medium=Living%20E-News
Great video for beginners. ...but saying carbon is a carcinogen (4:15)?
I think everyone should know how to grill correctly. Who doesn't enjoy a mouth watering slab of grilled meat?
anyone know any good channels for cooking, shows a wide variety of different foods, and very good tips? Thanks!
Carbon is not a carcinogen, as stated in tip number 2. High temperature cooking of meats, such as grilling, will produce chemicals such as heterocyclic amines, benzopyrenes and polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (Wikipedia). These are the carcinogens to avoid, but the meat need not be charred black to produce them. So save grilling for special occasions (like weekends!), and eat your fruits and veggies. We will all die sometime, but for some of us, you're not really living if you don't grill once on awhile!
Great tips and resources.
Good basic tips...but you gotta be a little slow if you didnt already know most of this.
not to be a stickler, but this isn't bbq, it's grilling, bbq is smoking.
I smell fish taco...
cook for less time genius
I love bbq mmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmm :)))
I'll bring the beer..
It's grill, not girl.
dont poke holes in the steak and dont over cook it
rule # 1 = Don't use a gas grill. Also, let steaks sit for an hour or two which negates rule 9 here for steaks only. - Me, born and raised in Texas.
every time i girl my stake it's drys up,even when it's marinated with sauce, any tips!
dont let the fire hit the meat, since the fire is burning from that stuff u put on the brickets (dont know the word in english), wont be very healthy ^^
I had a nice slab of steak for dinner tonight. Yummm... It was so good that I'm actually thinking about it now 4 hours later. :p
hmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmm now i wanna eat a steak
Damn straight.
tip #1 use charcoal
i sat and ate a massive bag of bacon tasties while watching this...
# 3 - Up to a point, the more frequently you flip the meat, the juicier it will be. Flipping the meat, whether beef, poultry, or fish, every 30 - 60 seconds over high heat will give you the best results. Heat drives juices in the opposite direction so that they come up out of the top side of the meat. If you see a steak's juices pooling on the top of the steak, you've gone too long without flipping the meat and have lost a lot of its juices.
# 7 - If you use mesquite charcoal instead of briquettes, don't wait half an hour before putting the meat on. Mesquite charcoal burns hotter and faster than briquettes, so put the meat on ten to fifteen minutes after the charcoal catches fire, whether it's covered with ash or not. # 4 - Soaking wood chips in water just makes your food taste like wet wood. Place the chips, or better yet wood chunks, up against the coals on the outer edges where they'll smolder instead of burn.
write on youtube poulet mankal and u will see the video of the best chiken
How does this channel have less than 1k subs!? I really liked the feel of the video. Very helpful as well, as today I am potentially not burning wings today!
sad life, you probably don't even eat the chicken correctly?
You shouldn't cut the tips off, or all the moisture inside the main part of the wing escapes
I'm a stickler for a clean grill & chemical free burn.
You use lighter fluid fuck that it ruins the flavor
Hi, I save the tips of the wing and later cook them for when I need chicken broth. ??????
S
I don't care how you cook it or how you cut it. Just give me some wings!!
Wow, clean that grill once in a while, buddy! It looks gross from close range.
The neck, the feet and the inners are not yuck at all, mister. Feet, neck, liver, heart and gizzard we would fight for as kids when my mom used to make chicken soup. You guys just need to through away some preconceived notions if you want to be taken seriously as a real meat lover.
Wooow!!! Thank you very much for teaching us some tips for cooking in the bbq????????????????????looking delicious. Appreciate it!!????????
So wasteful throwing the tip. The skin and fat is so tasty on the tip. And there is meat. Awful awful waste
You are the grand champ ????
Underappreciated channel, thanks for the tips!
Clean your grill, man. Start ever just with clean grill.
Do you sell those shirts
What I did was flatten my charcoal right before the very top layer greyd, and it created a perfect temperature so that the wings wouldn’t burn
You lost me at cutting the wing tip! That’s my favorite part actually,and you can definitely eat all the crunchy skin on the little bones. Amazing! Try it
I guess it's a case of "one man's meat is another man's poison" but there's some serious abuse of the word inedible here. Many countries in South-East Asia enjoy and offer "Chicken knuckles" Deep fried and spiced chicken cartilage and skin as a bar snack. Having said that I really like and appreciate the tutorial. Subbed.
Quite frankly, if this is your method of trimming, you're doing it really dumb. Don't buy the full wing, just buy the precut wingettes. Nothing wrong with that if that's what you like (and the wingette probably is the best part of the wing anyway).
OK, so I'm very much opposed to cutting the wing tip...but I can tolerate that...but why are you cutting off that delicious excess skin on the wingette? p.s. "Get rid of the wing tip because we can't eat it, so why cook it?" Uhh, that little bit of skin on the wing tip is fucking delicious...you absolutely can eat it (no, not the whole thing, but that tip is my favorite piece to get what I can from).
You see all this meat on the chicken wing? You can’t eat it, so lets get rid of it!
So what’s that like 30 minutes on each side?
Your wrong !!!!!! Look up the keel!!!!
don't give lecture ,u stupid,just come to the point
What. no money shot? And dude, that grill is looking kind of disgusting, you should take more pride in your tools. Can't really comment about how the wings turned out since we didn't get a look at them. But an hour? Seriously?
Did he just say the best part if the wing is "inedible"???!!! ??????
Couldn't make it past two minutes need to stick to the oven Ol buddy
Michelob Ultra isn’t real beer, but the wings look good...
U need to do a weekly live summer show, where people can grill along with You while we crush a few bottles of suds.
Foolish white man... the wing tip is NOT inedible... I'm thinking about stopping the video now. Lol
Lighter fluid? Wtf
Great video, love the channel. I personally like to leave them whole, the tip makes for a crunchy treat if you put the work in. They are the lobster legs of chicken wings, not much meat but what’s there is worth chewing for!
Sorry dude, didn't work for me. Charcoal lighter fluid? FIRST big mistake, who even uses that anymore? Secondly, an hour for wings? NO WAY were those wings not completely dried out and over cooked.
Great video but an AWESOME backyard view! New subscriber now and thank you for posting!
I see the chicken in the logo!! I cook on a Weber and have a thermometer that I put in there. What temp should I have it at? Thanks in advance!
Not sure if I agree with your assertion that wrong tips are inedible. Lots of tasty weird stuff in there. Also, skin tastes delicious: no need to cut those wing flaps. Just challenging you to be a little more adventurous I guess.
i dont like you for some reason
The wing tip is not inedible!
I've never tried cooking the wings like this but they turned out SO GOOD!  My kids couldn't get enough and barely left any for me, lol!  I thought the JoJo rub was a great addition to the wings and YES, they were really crispy....thx for the vid!!!
Holy cow...er chicken! I tried the rub and the technique and I don’t think I want to make them any other way! I was totally skeptic that it would mimic frying but it was spot on. For a little extra crispiness I finished them over the hot coals and I was in wing heaven! Thank you very much for this video! ??
Dude chicken Gizzards Hearts & livers are great! wtfyta?
That little cape is good crust. Good video though.
a close up on the wings after its cooked would be nice
Thanks for the tips. Trying it right now. You’ll hear back from me if it doesn’t work out....lol
Wing tips are delicious!
I have a tiny (as in I bring to beach and tailgates) Weber kettle that I use often. But also cook wings on my Weber gas grill. When I cook them on the gas grill, I put all three zones on high. I fill up a little metal box with hickory wood chips and place on the back burner. After 5 to 10 minutes the chips start barely smoking, I then turn the front 2 burners on low/med-low. I let those cool while the chips get really smoking, 10 minutes or so. I then cook my wings on the front 2 zones. They come out great...
Trying this technique today.
Get ride of that little 'cape'? WTF dude? That is blasphemy!
I love wings cooked slow on the grill... also drinking beer while I wait! lol Great Video... new Sub!
Great logo
Actually normally I fry mine first... Then sauce and grill... I'm in the dirty South of Louisiana now though lol.. But yeah we buffalonians know our wings
All those little nubs and flaps.. Have the best flavors when they crisped up..jeez.. Breaks my heart to see the best parts cut out.. I'm born and raised in Buffalo... So I'm pretty up on the wings lol
Just in time for tomorrows SB party. Thanks I subscribed to your channel (gotta keep youtube happy) please return the flavor. (sorry for the pun) BTW, get a chimney and lose the Lighter Fluid
saying yuck to chicken feet and throwing away all that just made me not wanna watch... u dnt deserve tht tshirt
Lighter fluid? Really? Dude... you're better than that! Food looks great though!
Nice video ! Looks delicious
@2:50 he does a sassy move so naturally
amateur. lighter fluid, rub put on chicken unevenly, charcoal not ashed over and placed in the middle.
dudes got an youtube channel but has a busted ass grill without a thermometer.
They were not crispy.
Buddy, never use lighter fluid on your charcoal. Do you want your meat to taste like kerosene?
noooo you keep them whole dont cut off the wingtip, it adds character when they are seved, and the very end tip is so crispy and nice
Looked good. Would've tasted better (to me) without the lighter fluid. Personal preference. Looking forward to my first cook on my new Weber Performer deluxe this weekend. Happy Labor Day!
Its the flat, not the drumett?
Great video... you should change your intro to be in color
toss a block of hickory on those coals for some smoke flavor and this is a perfect technique.
Im using gas grill (char grill tru infrared) what temp and time should i be cooking this bad boys? thanks for your time!
a strong thumbs up, and the wings were good... but not quite a replacement for fried... similar with baked wings, slow cooked, etc... the best i've had/made is hot fat fry... i will continue to practice with the techniques you shared, and grilling has some obvious benefits... my critique is that grilling is too dry- and i equally critique fried wings that are greasy... i've tried your technique with your blend, straight s&p, lemon pepper, bbq sauce glaze, frank's glaze, a little more time, a little less time... pre-baking or slow cooker + grill comes to my mind as a middle ground solution... too much dry heat and a long time on the grill leaves the skin dry, not crispy
Cant eat the wing tip? Wtf? Dude...that the best part of the wing. Foh...
Great technique you used i actually do the same thing but i wished you would have used another set of tongs to flip your chicken after the first usage because there is still bacteria on them. Maybe you did but i think it's important to do so or talk about it because there are a lot of inexperienced grillers out there and they need to know about how to deal with chicken because they do carry plenty of bacteria. But other than that great job!
... he didn't test them to PROVE that they are crispy.
Yumm!! God Bless!! :D
Dude.... Save all that stuff you are cutting off..... it is edible.
Good video. Like the JoJo rub too
"...for you..the people" (LOL)
Why are you cutting off so much? You are losing from the beginning! Just butcher a WOG!!
seems trustworthy with the use of lighter fluid....
You know bout THAT!!!
Fires up his doobie man you smell that ?? smells gooood. We're gonna be eating good tonight Martha. ????
I am a 54 year old black woman in Lexington Mo. And I need you to know that this is food porn!!!and the narrator's voice is heaven!!!!
Works better with precooked bacon
I have thought about putting chorizo inside the peppers.
finally someone using real cheese no of that cream shit stuff..??????????
Gonna Smoke Me a Fatty!!!
Through the miracle of time,, I got in the way back machine and damned if this channel wasn't as good then as it is now! Carry on !
Thanks Merle Haggard!
Know this is an old video, but it is always "goood ". Happy new year!
The "white meat" is called the placenta.
OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
WTF! THERE IS NO WHITE MEAT IN JALEPENOS......YOU ALSO PUT THE JALEPENO POPERS ON THE WRONG SIDE
THERE IS NO WHITE MEAT IN JALEPENOS
Smoke a fucken joint dogg!!!
'white meat' u mean the 'core'???
thanks for the recipe sir, I will attempt to make these this month.
it looks really good!! not of that betty crocker stuff... ( lol.)
Yo can tell these guys are a bunch of drunks and without youtube they would stay drunk
I really appreciated the " no cream cheese" remark. you got me there. I think I'm going to incorporate chorizo in the filling . thanks for the idea!
the cream cheese is the best
Realized this is when you switched from barbecue Web
Part of this video with your voice and that music reminded me of the outlaws prayer by Johnny Paycheck
I have learnt something I thought it was the seeds that was the heat thank you so much when you say sharp cheese does that mean a strong cheese here in the UK will try these love them
Damn good eatin'
Poppers are my favorite thing about Alabama haha
been wanting to try my own concoction of jalepenos, cream cheese and uncooked salmon wrapped in bacon, and today was that day. for as long as it took (almost 2 hours in the oven, at 400 degrees--might have been shorter had i flipped the suckers over sooner!--had assumed that they would fully cook on both sides--oops), i was pretty shocked that the salmon showed no trace of having dried out. was very hesitant about this recipe, as i could not find any other that used anything but smoked salmon. i have to give myself an a+ on the results, which i would only do if the food was magnificent. my three tips: flip the poppers over when the bacon looks cooked on one side (otherwise, time and energy are being wasted), make sure to give the jalepenos plenty of time to thoroughly cook, plus let the poppers cool down in the fridge completely, then heat them back up before eating, as they were very disappointing straight out of the oven. man, what an awesome recipe! could easily be done on the grill, but i was in no mood to cook outside in the middle of the day as i had steaks to grill up later on.
yep yep looks good I think I try they with my smoked ribs tonight I just got a mess of jalapeños this week so it's on thanks.
I hate cream cheese. Thank you for this recipe!! The only change I would make is to burn the bacon a bit more to make it crispy.
Makes left-over pizza look like shit.
Érdekes számomra !!! Gusztusos ! Köszönöm...
I would like these but would want a good cold beer before eating them
Tried this and stuck the dull end of the spoon thru my wife and stepped on the cat then fell into the boss who was waiting with a plate...so much for the promotion.  He in turn toppled over into the pool where the children were playing and this caused the littlest one to cry.  The next door neighbor jumped out of his chair trying to help the child and tripped over the family dog......I forgot were I was going with this story as I got drunk when I was BBQing
Really 9 mins for this!!! STOP taking so we can start eating already LOL
This is the only recipe I've found that doesn't use cream cheese! Looks fantastic
I wear latex exam gloves when i make these.  I learned the hard way that the oil from the peppers linger and may linger on the hand and find its way into, well.....places guys scratch
FYI, the "white meat" is the placenta.
"None of that cream cheese here. That's Betty Crocker stuff." I love that!
Tasty. I need to try the grilled version, what do you think of my recipe?
Taste 100x better with Carolina Reaper Peppers.
ok man this sounded a bit fucked up...lol
mouth watering right now. this is tonights dinners ty for sharing
Do you have a video on what kind of pit you're using?
why you guys cook a lot of bacon can you try beef or chicken....because i can't eat bacon
Im always looking for hot new jalapeno recipes im sure ill be giving this one a try.Thanks partner....
I want to grow pepper that hot but not as  hot as jalapeno ?
I like the adding back of the "white meat" capsaicin gland. Genius! Never did that part before
bacon wasn't done nor crisp....but,  i still love these guys.....
I am from San Diego originally  so I know peppers well...but now I live in the Philippines...we can get Jalapenos (which are med hot and dissipate the heat on the tongue rather quickly) the Jalapeno variety here are long and thin...not good for stuffing...so when I find the right pepper I will post it here...we can get chili relleno here on some local Mexican restaurants (which are mostly a joke) ...not nearly as good as this looks or as made at home
hala-peeener
I'm going to try these for the Super Bowl tomorrow. I'm going to add prosciutto and mozzarella cheese to change up the recipe.
I love the idea and the recipe.  The announcer's voice is great too!  The video is too slow and needs more editing though.  I almost fell asleep at the 4 minute mark. ;-)  Work on the script to speed up and get to the details.  Again, great information though!
Theyre way vetter with pineapple chunks in the cream cheese!
Def making these poppers as appetizers during the holidays.. Looks divine!
gonna try those next time ;-) looks guuud (y)
Sounds a tad like Vegemite in human form. Gastly yeast paste. Shiver. Lets pretend those are halloween monsters.
we call 'em Vegematics. They're politically motivated, veggie killers..!
Who the hell can dislike this? Some hardcore veganists maybe? Maybe I should become a humanist.
Just slice the edge of that jalapeñis so we can get in there........... No thanks.
I like his voice .... He sounds like he could sell anything,
my comment was about meat that isn't pork but I personally love chorizo.
35 still live at mommies house!
Go ahead get that white meat, ohh yeahhhh, that white meat baby. WHITE MEAT LOL
Mr teen Titan do you even realize where you are? Lid holder???? We hang lids on out rifles around here pal.
shrimp..? Sounds guuud..! -BBQ Pit Boys
yummmmmmmmmmmmmm
Love you guys channel
This guy can cook anything. I love it! :)
on this model for sure. We don't use it because it restricts full access to the grate and vid cameras.
This is a good video. I was just wondering if you know that your grill has a lid holder on the side of the dome. A lot of people put their lids on the ground but every Weber at least has a hook to hold the lid up. I just wanted to let you know if you didn't already.
Will try this in the summer
too funny
I normaly half mine, then stuff em with a pastry bag strip of cream cheese, then some chopped low & slow smoked bacon & chedder. Do em indirrect & they're awesome. I recently found a catch of 3 inch plus pppers and yeah I shelled out for a grill stand, it'll be like a chapaign glass of flavor & pain :)
Jalapeno peppers.. call the fire department ;)
doin some tonight for dinner along side some t-bones and sirloins for the family. i may wanna go take the white meat out of the jalapenos cuz i only took the seeds out of them when i prepped them and my grandmother might have a heart attack from the heat.
enjoyed it brother, that is next on the agenda... good video. Wait a minute .... are your Wolf Man Jack.... really enjoyed the vide.
mmm
That's nice Brother... Excellent! Definitely gonna make me some just like that :).
Wow!! Thats Good!
I made this last night. Very good! Romano cheese makes all the difference! Lots of heat! Thanks!
the best
time to go to jack in the box, for some what may call, a "jalapeno popper"
The background blues music....The narrating....The food.....The bacon...The "MaaaaaaaaaAAAAN"....The presentation...And the mmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmMMMMMMMMMHHHHHHHHHH maaaaaaAAAAN at the end..............................MAaan.....
Man that looks so good I can smell from here!!
Its best to cook them on the spot. You'll get the crunch of the pepper and the crisp of the bacon. reheating only makes the pepper and bacon become soft
I WANT JALAPENO POPPERS NAO!!!
I think the dislikes are because of the shit kickin audio......pretty stupid....the video and the recipe are great though.......really...stupid audio....
What's with the dislikes? Well produced good chow and easy recipie. I would rather drink an old Milwaukee with the crew than meet a movie star totally genuine guys.
drooling
I made these, added a bit of cilantro (because it was sitting there), garlic powder and salt/pepper and I used a whole slice of bacon but it was so thin that I needed it. Absolutely wonderful.
Looks great! It's hard to get that darn cream cheese in them-I like that real cheese! Now all you need is an ice cold beer!
Are those poppers something you could cook up in advance and then reheat on a gas grill later?
Are you hungry or? what?
I can eat about 10 of these at once. love them.
All I hear is "hella penis". Goddammit.
Nice, I usually fill my poppers with smoked string cheese. Wrapped in bacon, then wipe some BBQ sauce on them. That's how we do it in Wisconsin son.
@MetalEdge56 Actually, capsaicin is the chemical (which is an irritant to animals) found in peppers that create the burning sensation in your mouth. The white meat is generally referred to as the "membrane".
btw that white meat in jalapenos are called capsaicin
I was chewing gum and accidentally swallowed it cause i imagined i was eating this... >:(
what is the vent set to on the bottom?
lmfao @ that knife. you act manly:)
can rub some pancake or a little maple syrup on bacon slices--seems to serve same purpose as a toothpick adhering bacon to jalapenos. Just a little or will burn even on indirect. And while I love cheese cake, any sharp cheese is MUCH better for these. Thanks again, Pit Boys!
Where exactly is the house of sausage?
I don't think the heats in the white meat, usually that's the mildest part.
@phychmasher lol! Good call!
4:52. THAT'S WHAT SHE SAID!
Thank you. I HATE cream cheese!!
I sell my soul, if I could just reach out into the screen and grab that plate right now!!!
I just got my 1st big ole grill & having the time of my life grillin anything that in my way! When I fire her up, the dogs go runnin & hide! lol. Can't wait to start doin the chile grillin thing! Great video bro!
The "brothers" looking; "White meat, where?"
Man you guys rock, BEST grilling vids on the web!!! Don't stop!!!
Right at 1:30 "white meat is where all the heat is". Oops, I have been throwing away all the insides and wondered why mine weren't so spicy. So tonight I included a bit of the white meat and cheese to stuff ... yowsa that's hot stuff!
HALLUHPEENYUSSES!
1:08 jalapenis.
love me some halluhpeenyus
man we made some last night!!!!!! and man i tell u what im fixing to make some more today!!!!!!
Just made some with a cheese mix, minced onion and jalapeno wrapped with turkey bacon. I didn't include the core into the stuffing. Awesome!
Am hungry already!!!
@daveh013 same gonna get this made...i got the ingredients today so tommorrow it's gonna be fun :D
Looks geuuuuud. Thanks guys.
@aqureshi7 to farr my friend wew
Where is your Henry rifle? ;-D
@insanepiggy It seems to have last been polished up sometime around the American Civil War...
@rohandyy Come on down to the USA
wow how we can get this ingredient in indonesia??
@insanepiggy Just google "old hickory" knives
I love how you taste test every one of your dishes. Makes my mouth water...
!Let me... MMMMMMMM!" Even no apology this time ;D
I just got the hungries dun flung upon me!
looooooool funny and nice
Forget other countries, The United States has the best food anywhere.
oh man i am so hungry!!!!!!
@DavisKoziol some other fatty meat should do, possibly lamb, or possibly fatty beef sliced thin (with the fat and maybe some salt) should suit you requirements.
@jarenko Nothing he obviously prefers cheese with flavor. cream cheese has texture but its only flavor is slightly salty.
@salvamg89 Think he fix things with it? lol
mmmmm MMMM ill eat these bad boys when ever i wont screw my health hahah jk
@insanepiggy its a Old Hickory 10"? carbon steel butchers knife
i bet when this guy has letters in his mailbox, he open them with his machete
done the chilli, now i'm off to do this. looks amazing!
"None of that cream cheese, here we use real cheese." Hell yeah.
hellapinias
I prefer cream cheese
good video, good naration, and good eats
is this the dude from the Burger King commercial?
AKA Atomic Buffalo Turds. I made these for Super Bowl. Everybody who was brave enough to eat 'em loved 'em.
AWESOME video, you guys make grilling look so easy.
"MAN!"
lol BBQ pit boys cream cheese is wimpy!
that looks bloody lovely
too much work just eat the Jalapeno and be done with it. I agree with the voice comment you could be a narrator. Ok they do look good. You win my mouth is watering.
wow im impressed
Thanks for the awesome recipe! I love the twist by wrapping in bacon - so great!!
about to make this one :D
@slipmuc u tellin me im a wuss.... i was just trying to help people but u go ahead and keep burning yourself... as for the rest of us we like having safety ^^
I like the way he talks ! simply awesome recipe.
Goooooooooood.
too bad im allergic to to hot peppers U.U
hahahahahaha i know this guy is nuts
olololol
@leelovealiza oh come on... whuss... did that by mistake, ain't plesent but no worries.... thoug dealin' with habaneros or such can be dangerous...
Had to come back to this vid to 5 star and fav. Made these and they are goood!
He didn't mention that you should wear some cooking gloves when dealing with peppers. Cause you could seriously burn your hands if you got cuts, burn your eyes if you rub it or when you go use the bathroom. You know what I mean....LOL
thes are awsome fof every night!
These are awesome for game nights. :)
you smell that, smells good mmmmmmmmmmmmmhm
once again guys another hit. KEEP UP THE GUUD WORK
I made these and they are so good,thanks for the tips!!!
Yummmmmm!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
he should do voiceovers for movies. man that smells guuuuuuud.
12? Not even close. On your bell - bird scale a good fresh jalapeno might make it up to a 2. The Thai chiles have a Scoville rating 10 - 20 times higher than jalapenos.
i like how you sound...its so sexy
made these for breakfast and took some to my neighbors. we all loved em. just watchin ya make em made me hungry already.
"Your should spelled".........And You Say HE is a FAIL????...Fuckin' loser!
looks very good... and im hungry already...
Wow! I was thinking about jalapeno poppers that are breaded, but that bacon looks WAAAAY more delicious on them jalapenos! 5*'s BBQ pit boys!
"Your talking about a Liquid here." Your should spelled "You're" and liquid shouldn't have a capitalized "L". FAIL.
man...that looks guuh
bomb.
oooooooooooh man! i love you dudes!
its the same knif in all the video's?? lol man get a new one :)
Gracias Sean por tu clase de inglés. Y a los BBQ PIT BOYS, you guys RULES!
hey triunp, we used Romano but choose what you like! -BBQ Pit Boys
in what language?
hey MR. can u adopt me? I can wash the dishes as long as u cook for me. Lol
I've made them with the cream cheese and love them, just like this...this looks so good on the grill
i would no neighbors will get anything of that plate, only the sausage with the tooth picks lol
LMFAO
Do you leave the seeds in the bowl for the mix??Thnx in advance.
You make me want to give up being a vegan. Thank God I can adapt most of this to tofu (I live in China, don't ask). But thanks and keep up the awesome work!
i LOVE your catchfrase... can you smell that,,, it smells GOOODD... that makes mee sooo hungryy one question can u eat all of that alone?
No cream cheese here, thats a Betty Crocker thing HAHA your the best pitboys
I'm not a Jalapeno fan, but this video made me crave some!
mmmm, looks good! gonna try these with capsicums too for the kids! yet another great vid bbq pit boys!
I assumed that the bacon would have stuck to the grill more but, I guess not. Love your videos man !
:/ just your average Joe sixipack
wow, another great recipe! I have one similar: banana peppers stuffed w/ chorizo n chihuahua cheese wrapped in bacon. Thx bbqPitBoys for posting one great recipe after another. I've really learned a ton watching your show. I applaud your effort and can't thank you guys enough! Keep up the awesome work! --'que'in in Chicago-- GO BEARS!!!
slurp! i agree with the wimpy cream cheese XD
Never mind the boys ! The gurls can do this tooooooo!!!! Lip smacking !
can i hire u to cater my family reunion? lol
now that´s my kind of snack :P thx for the vid BBQ pit boys ^^
great job....thank you sir
I tried these last night along with some grilled burgers. Great stuff! I'm going to leave more of the Jalapeno pepper white meat in them next time. Can't go wrong with all that heat! Thanks for the inspiration!
My mouth is watering! Thanks for the recipe.
thanks for this great recipe. I love them charcoal weber grills !
"UHHHHHHHH-HMMMMM......Mannn!" (8:49)
well i wasn't trying to be sarcastic this dude just cam out of no where and was talking about steel and stuff like if know about steel
how ??? just because i think his knife looks nasty ???
Very nice! KtC
daaaaaaaaaaaam my mouth was watering and i couldn't even smell it or taste it.
uuuM ok
old hickory carbon steel....nuf said, boy!
really how is that a good knife
That's a good knife.
i'm not a chef but that knife looks really old and nasty
heat rating 12
Am not familiar with jalapeños... If bell peppers have a heat rating of 1 & Thai bird chillies are 10, how hot are jalapeños?
thats such a better way to cut the jalapeno, i was just cutting them in half...this way seems alot easier
no i cant smell that but i wish i can...and eat it too.
I have a question Mister BBQ, well you seen to know alot of recipes on the grill but i was wondering if it exist of course a breakfast recipe on the coals? Beside eggs and bacon in a pan, i can't see other stuffs than that.
well people that tend to be either gay or jewish do so .............
Now I know what to do with the bumper crop of jalapenos in our garden. Why are you not fat as a house anyway? LOL. We want a turkey vid!
feelin' real bad for ya, ganoosh, but that's OK! Ya gotta do what ya gotta do -BBQ Pit Boys
oh! this is a very good idea! that looks really good! Thanks BBQ Pit Boys :-)
Buenos dias. I have actually made these bad boys. They will get ya!! HAHA
i wold not eat that just give me thows dogs and i`l be fine
What are half these recipes tho
I love corn but I have braces and can’t eat corn on the cob I swear I will have elotes when I have my braces off
if you consider the cal of each of this foods you will understand that this is a terrorist attack not a food video
y la carnita asada? >:v
a great video... lets follow each other so that we can connected.
Not too bad, but leave this for the pit boys... haha
Okay i gotta admit that was a really cool apron and a grillers dream!!
Yeah, that beer chicken came out raw as hell. I had to finish it in the oven for another 40 minutes. We got our grill to stay at 400-425 degrees (we couldn't get it down to 350) and we even cooked it for 40 minutes...flip...add bbq sauce...and cooked for 30 more minutes instead of the 10-15 they suggested and it still came out raw as hell. This is the second time a buzzfeed recipe sucked balls. Never again, yall. lol
it’s amazing
The food looks delicious ????
Is it me, or does grilled corn taste bad?
But I don’t have a grill RIP
so coool!
Hai disonorato l italia la mia patria meriti di bruciare
That music makes me sleepy
So delicious ?? I like it
For a minute there with the pizza I thought it said check for boneless lmao
???
No cheese on apron? Am disappointed...
Lol the heaviest apron ever
why why would you put all that stuff on your corn w h y
that pizza looked like it came straight outta the sims
A DIY!?!? HUHHHHHHHH????????
Can you guys do one video without the stupid white side bars? I feel like I'm watching on my 2008 square PC monitor
the biggest mood is the chicken sitting on the grill I just feel it on so many levels
Well, in Sweden where I live it's forbidden to set up a fire (including grills) because of the lack of rain. So I guess I won't be able to do any of these. :(
I am ready.
Set the beer can in boiling water for a few mins before violating the chicken with it, then add them to the grill
5:19 Nigga it's called an elota
Use a blowtorch to finish off the pizza as well, then add the basil.
Blowtorch the inside of the burgerbowls, chill, then do what you just did
Is it me or does the pizza look like a pizza gummy?
i love tastys recipes so much
And I'm just here sitting like "I wish I could cook" ????????
Why am i watching this, and i dont even own a grill.
I LOVE IT??
I LOVE IT??
Why are white people making this? What's with the pork? All I see are racist Nazis who support Trump.
I just ate and this made me hungry again lol
tasy
if you are wearing that apron at a BBQ not only is the food being grilled but you best believe your friends are going to grill you on how dumb you look
i thought she would place the apron in the griller...lol
Ultimate summer grill starter pack
For the pizza I recommend looking for bones, we always want that uuuuuhhhhhh, BONELESS pizza
Grilling chicken with a beer can inside is actually dangerous to your health. You know that, right?
One thing I learned after years of watching tasty videos: Americans put bbq sauce everywhere and cinnamon in every pastries. ??
I loved the ultimate grilling apron
When you live in Sweden so the fire and grilling ban is currently in action..... ;-;
I know this seems weird, but my family here in the UAE only grill in winter because you will die if you go outdoors in summer, we only go out for watermarks mostly, and it is much much cooler in the winter.
Very tasty.. Thank you so much for cheering this wonderful video
IMO grilled corn doesn't need toppings. (Mayo? Ew.) The one with the honey and herbs is the only one that looked appealing.
Not to be negative or anything but you’re a little late summer ends in like a week.????
Could u make a vegetarian edition? I‘ve been struggling to find some good recipes.
Please do Buffalo wings and ribs that fall of the bone ??
Pizza from steven universe
Honestly, this video would be worth watching JUST for the grilled pizza. It blew my mind that you can do that!
fried fish next
Ok to bad whole Sweden is burning so we can’t grill here. I’m still watching this tho
Ok tasty with the hacks ????
Weber gas grill grates are upside down. Should be flat side up.
hmmmm that seems to be Elotes with that corn recipe there
SUMMER IS ABOUT RO BE OVER WTF TASTY YOUR TO LATE JESUS IM DISAPPOINTED IN U
Ah yes, my favorite drink. GRILLED LEMONADE
Im sorry, but why was it necessary to put cans in the koozie's to tape them down?
Who actually has a smoker?
do you get a kickback from the hospital medical bills?
Why do the rips look kinda undercooked
domesticgeek you're the best always coming up with the wonderful recipes. Great job once again. Happy Thursday God bless ?? bye. ??????????
1976 16 BRIAN. RAPP +16 MARTA. HERSH. WE. MAKE ALL. OUR. MEALS. DEL MAR 1734 OCEANFROUNT. !!!! #1 BBQ. HANACHI. COALS. #1 TEEBONE. STAKE 5. MINPER SIDE. 1976. canyonlocalfilmscom WITH SWEETSOUR.
Heart attacks on a plate
my fatass thought the charcoal at the beginning was some juicy ass tuna chunks
your thumbnail looks like an irishmans liver
Yummy!
Pabst? Really? Did Buzzfeed slash Tasty's budget, or does someone at Tasty just have bad taste in beer?
i was like this summer imma be a vegetarian and now im all like who tf am i kidding
please do a behind tasty for this
Yaamm??????????? ?????????????? ?????????????? ???????????? ?????????? ????????
U made it at 1am
This is food porn
I came here to dislike the video bcs of that "playdough pizza" on the thumbnail...
I’m too lazy to do this sorry Tasty.
STOP SCHOOL IS ALREADY HERE
Dont spray with just water. Use water/broth or apple cider vinegar and apple juice mix.
Too late for summer recipes tasty, I'm going back to school next week?? wish me luck
I don't grill...I'll just have one of of my friends conjure this for me :)
Yei way se la saben wueros ?????????????????????????????
Was the bacon for the burger cheddar bowl already cooked? Prior to going in the meat?
Glad watermelon was not included
IT'S MEAT PARTY TIME!
Omg! It’s the ultimate grilling apron 9000! It’s gonna kill us all!!
Pork ribs
I'm 37,805th!
You are all beautiful people so you should subscribe
The meat made me angry! It doesnt suppost to look red and uncooked... The ribs are waaay more tasty when they are falling off the bone ?? but everything looked delicious!
Why would you do that to corn?
Cool
229
So do you just decide willy-nilly whether you can be bothered to wear gloves when handling raw chicken?
In Sweden it isillegal to grill
A little late in the season for this video lol
How am I supposed to eat an apron?
Alright everyone, lets grill! =D
I want to make the grilled pizza but I don’t have the supplies so I just take a naan bread but sauce and mozzarella on it and microwave it for 2 minutes, it comes out pretty good
Grilled Pizza???
0:40 the music was so on beat to the ingredients
S U C C U L E N T
7:31 why did they hide the label??
Pizza, Needs more cheese
The pizza on the thumbnail looks like playdoh
Someone else who lives in Sweden and can't try these because of how hot it is rn and they've freaking banned grilling for the rest of the summer? Were are we going ughh. Hope they change their minds because it was raining a lot today.
Dave Seymour where are u
I know I’m not the only New Yorker watching this thinking how thick that pizza was and how nasty it would be for that reason.
No grilled corn with bukk ake?
They must’ve had a feast
WTF DID I JUST WATCH
Yummy ???? ??
Those looks so good but only down side is that i'm hungry now
Who else takes the whole butter stick and uses it to butter the corns instead of melting butter, its so satisfying to see he butter melt on contact with the hot corn.
Hello
Sitting here eating a fucking cucumber Fun.....
Omg??
Svp en arabe
Love the apron more than anything else.??
This looks so tasty
Hey tasty make some european cusine! You can make some hungarian,czech,german,polish,slovak,austrian,slovenian,and more recipes! I want to see more diversity ?. Thanks ????
961st like!!!!??? 8,946th view!!!??? SOOOOOOO EARLYYYYY?????????
Someone: IT'S GRILLING SEASON Me: Wait what?
Err, no mention of what that cut of meat was?
In Denmark it is illegal to fire up a grill??
That lemon drink 3/4 into the video is creativity to a new fucking level.
oh i love these.... only a month or so left, hope i get to try them all :D
R.I.P Chicken that got a beer shoved up his butt xD
Being from Central California, please don't ever disrespect a tri-tip like that ever again. Keep it simple.
7:30 blurs out porn drawn on can
Ok I wish this video was posted at the beginning of summer not the end ??????
Quick tip. Turn off sound before you notice the repetitive pattern
We are not allowed to grill here in Sweden :(
I'm hungry~~~
Looking good
Grilling recipes... Damn I M CUMMING ??
The hot dogs are the definition of unhealthy and diabetes
does anyone else want to pul a zach king and grab that food right out of the screen
i love grilled corn
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCmiuq0lOb8NW1uiH9UAnlYQ Please subscribe to this channel..
Yummy
9:22 John wick preparing to cook
Jokes on you, its forbidden to grill in Sweden!
Grilled honey chipotle wings... yessir
No video's the same Tasty killing the game Grilling pizza for fame My mouth salivates As the grill heats up in flames I wish I could Cook as amazingly good But these instructions for me cannot be understood I'm simply too helpless When in the kitchen Grilling a snack Gets me all flinching So I'll leave it to you To cook all the treaties While I eat away What my belly pleases Hopefully I won't turn fat Or get diabetes
The corn looked good.
Mmmmm food! ??????
I just watch because I am hungry ??
Shit Im late
“Fun Summer Grilling Recipes” 2 days and summer will be over Haha, okay.
The fuck my school’s just about to start.
Looks Yummy! :D
https://youtu.be/Zc5ymIWNiYI
Wow! nice , may be it was so testy ................
It’s raining in the UK. We had nonstop heat for a while tho. BUT STOP TEASING US AMERICA
This looks great ??????
WOW
In India we just rub lemon juice and black salt on the corn . It's a kind of a street food which is eaten during monsons
But you didnt cook the apron ..
It's probably just me but the pizza in the thumbnail looks like a playdough pizza.
I cant bare 2 watch
The only thing I don't like is grilled lemonade
Buzzfeed/Tasty?!?! Can I PRETTY PLEASE W/ SUGAR ON TOP have that ultimate grilling apron??????
Hope you guys start a "Thing" called...i dunno... TastyChefs Dont judge me ima bad namer ;^; i would join edit: :D
50th view
I love the pizza
Your a BIT late for that. Its noe back to school shoping season. >:€
Nothing better than watching people make food in an empty stomach.
Want to hear a joke? Read more
OoO
Summer almost over ;-; why would u post this now
Mmm delicious apron
Holo #simply
Super tasty
Do I really want grilled lemonade??
Y'all are about to hit 9 million with 10 on the way. Keep up the awesome work!
YOU HAVE TO TORCHER MEH?! Why world? P.S I don’t even know how to cook ;-;
Hi I am number 79
Have you guys tried FILIPINO STYLE BBQ? If you do give me a thumbs up ..
first chicken and second is everything else
What grade y’all going to if you’re in school??? I’m going to 12th!
Ribs are way better when theyre falling off the bone
oyah
#EarlySquad
Americans..
Great ??
Wow, that apron is fully loaded.
??????? ? ?????? ?? ? ????? ?????
This looks good af????
earky'
50 veiws 150 likes and 67 comments i hope justin Y isnt here
42th
Why are the likes always more than views? I mean 50 views 95 likes wtf?
Why the cover looked like a play dough pizza? (Not to be rude or anything)
Early squad aka I am 56
It’s funny how people say first when they aren’t really first
I’m going to definitely be using some of these recipes... I need to get some gloves does anyone else use gloves??? This is giving me so much inspiration for my channel!!!
Who loves food . Me ?????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????
Bacon, jalapeno cheddar jucy Lucy? Yes please... ????
Yum Yum
#notificationsquad ??????
Eat healthy
50
P E N I S
No no am like first
"are you ready" Heck yeah I am ??
72 likes.....50 views n i c e
Number one ????????
I wish I could just take it out of the screen! I dont have the talent to make all that ?????? or time
So good
Yummy!!
50!
Ok anyone notice that weird spiral handle that grill had?
Some people didnt even watch it yet....NVM Looks
24
Yasss ??
Tasty reply plz
Came here before justin y????
??
I got a 15 second, unskippable add, send help
First
59 seconds ago
Nice videos
Hi people who watch people grill things
This is one of the reasons why I love summer so much! The season of grilling!
Looks like I better crank out my grill this week!!!!!! ??????
Not first
Hi
3erd
#HereBeforeJustinYSquad
First time seeing 0 unlikes
Hi everyone
First! Haha before justin. Y! OKURRRT!
#notnotificationsquad
14th
If only I wasn’t lazy??
Early squad!
Can you pin me or heart this comment
Early
firssttttt!!!!!
Olololo
1 ??????
5 th
hi
I love this ????
I might do that with my family
first
Fun!
#notificatiobsquad
1
Thanks ??
Thumb in middle is pussyboy way
4:41 “that grill will be perfectly toasted”
This is not purfect anywhere!!!!
Omg ! Doing cheese burgers and only 1 slizz of cheeze!!!!
cross contamination?
Some reason I can't hear my grill screaming.
What next, how to use a toilet? What in the hell is this world coming to?
how long do you cook the burgers? how do you know when to flip them? how did you know they were "perfect?" let's see the inside. totally useless tutorial
Awesome job tks fior keeping us manly !!
Use Cowboy brand charcoal, you will never go back to Kings ford!
Don't make a meat loaf.
Guys a dick. Why do Americans swear the you NEED grill marks? If it marks happen then let it happen but don’t focus on the grill marks. And I seen burgers stuffed with other ingredients and no it’s not a meatloaf. Only Americans eat meatloafs.
Trash burger advice lol
QUICK QUESTION!! I saw you posted the Temperature at 800 in the beginning with lid close when you threw the burgers on. After That you waited 3 to 4 minutes. My Question is during that 3 to 4 minutes is please show up the temp of the grill with the lid closed during those 3 to 4 minutes so we can see if we need to adjust the temperature down a bit from 800. If you do in fact need to turn it down what was the temperature during those first 3 to 4 minutes when you had the lid closed and the burger still cooking on the original side before you flipped it. THANK YOU!!!!
Damn is that a grill or an undersized coffin?
meatloaf ????????
How dare you stop making videos
It's been 5 years... did you ever take those other two burgers off the grill?!
Freddie Mercury eating burgers eh?
The big missing piece of information to me is how he knew the internal temperature was 150 vs 135 without piercing or using a probe?
?????
0 tips how to recognize that the meat is cooked. You don't check for pink you just kind of wing it. It's like the hoes just got a free burger and made a video to to say thanks for the guy. But the tips weren't even great cooking is science. This felt like whole lot of cocky prick bullshit . in polite terms anyone can shit a burger like that on the grill
You like salt like I do.. Instead of lubricating the grill with expensive olive oil, I like to spray my burgers with non-stick spray before I put them on. Healthier? No. But it also works very well. Keep grilling like a man. Thumbs up.
You only add olive oil on just one side of burger?
Was that a onion?
Pro tip: use a Hasty Bake!
This man is on the money.  Best burgers I ever made.  Thanks!
No nonsense, nothing fancy just a great grilled burger.
every time i grill patties, It tastes fking raw in the inside.. the whole thing just messed up..
freddy mercury is alive and well
Hmmmm...I can’t help but wonder why we didn’t get to see the inside of the burger after it was plated. Aaaaaaand, it’s always a must to protect the bottom bun from the hot burger so it doesn’t get soggy. Sorry....not impressed!
Looks like the type of burger Ron Swanson would make.
For the perfect flip use this: https://www.amazon.com/Yukon-Glory-YG-40066-Premium-Stainless/dp/B07GBHNGWM/ref=sr_1_1?ie=UTF8&qid=1534188812&sr=8-1&keywords=yg-40066
Perfect grrrrilllerr
4:40 he said "that grill will be perfectly toasted" am i the only one that caught that?
Me personally: 1.)Get the best quality beef possible from local butcher. 2) I double grind the meat at home. 3.)Crack open bottle beer. 4.) Keep a sharp eye on my slick cat, that has ideas. 5.) Place food applicable gloves on hands to form burger patties. 6.) Form burger patties. 7. ) Cover burger patties with plastic wrap or aluminum foil, and leave out on kitchen table for about an hour to come to just room temperature(This allows for cold meat to relax/rest, and if done right your burger patties won't curl or shrink as much). 8.)Preheat gas grill for at least 5 minutes. If using charcoal, follow directions on whatever kind you have. 9.) I brush (Clarified Butter on both sides of burger patties, and only season both sides with the best salt and pepper you normally use. 10.) Grill burger patties according to how done people prefer them. Obviously I'm a 'purist'. I also use and brush on clarified butter on the buns sometimes , then toast/grill lightly. Olive oil IMHO doesn't give your meat the best flavor compared to clarified butter. Side note: All my condiments etc., are already prepared and in refrigerator before burgers were started. The End...enjoy!
Thanks.  Great burgers!!!!!
Cheese is to melted!
I don't care if it's burgers or steak. If you cook it one split second longer than medium rare, you might as well eat your shoe because at that point your shoe will be more tender.
Man, how a simple video about grilling hamburgers makes people wanting to kill each other! How about some tolerance, guys.
80/20 burgers are greasy and tend to flare up and shrink too much. Poor choice for people that need burger tutorials to cook a burger.
you act like your so accurate with cooking times but you just leave them on the grill when doing the buns with time indicator .. one side gets 1 or 2 minutes longer than the other and u don't say shit !
Was that the same plate u put the raw patties on? Cross contamination!!!
How long do you keep it on the grill for each side?
Dude this works ! Works well! Be assured listen to this guy for some food so good get u laid! Like and subscribed... this guy is AWESOME !!!
So how much longer on the other side after you flip them???
I can dig it
I don't think a grill cover is needed.
Glares at my mom for putting onion soup mix in burgers for years as a kid Never, ever again!!
Different strokes. If I farted around with the cheese & buns when this guy does, the burger is grey all the way thru - tough & dry.
that is not cheese it`s a man made slice of chemicals,
Guy at the end - lose the 1970's pornstache.
Cue the guy at the end with the dry flavorless burger in his mouth. We all make burgers like this that's why we came yet you make the same thing. Your burgers were pillows too, everything but the outside is flavorless and no way it's not dry. Just pass the potato salad and beans so I can make mouthfuls edible.. whatever
Would recommend adding oil to the bread, and instead of the inside facing down flip it up so the outside of the burger looks and tastes crunchy. Would also recommend adding a bit of butter to the burgers.
Why does he look like bob from bobs burgers? ??
Ah, Superintendent Chalmers! Welcome! I hope you're prepared for an unforgettable luncheon!
who cooks a burger to 15o?
"Cooking your burger all the way through " GET THE FUCK OUTTA HERE
Not telling us the time on each side the temp of the grill gas or charcoal
this guy needs a halal butcher so he can consume clean healthy meat ?? and have a good complexion instead pf looking like a filthy texan pig. islam rules
Boil your burgers
Pigcasso hahahaha I love it
Bruv you are shit at this
Chef Ramsey is rolling his eyes now...
is this commedy?
What you said is so correct about making the perfect burgers and I love making them along with grilling steaks, but hate making hot dogs.
Look at that Pedostasche!
very nice, but where is the onions and tomatoes and lettuce?
Spot on! Yeah buddy! ??
I watched a news item a few years ago now about the dangers of closing the lid when grilling burgers. Apparently with the lid closed the juices and fat that drips down onto the flames or charcoal will sit there waiting for the extra burst of air that arrives as soon as you open the lid. They even showed a demonstration by the Fire department which was quite alarming. This poor guy on the news report was having a family bar-b-cue with burgers, sausages, and chicken, when he opened the lid the whole thing, burst into flames resulting in severe burns to his face and arms. His bar-b-cue was not faulty according to Fire department, you just got to be careful when using one. Enjoy your bar-b-cues people but be careful ok.
I ate a salad then I watched this video... Damnit
Those look like some damn good burgers!!!!!
Haha that's a meatloaf right on
I think he made just copy of some other guys or good chef , any way looks good !?? ?? ?? ??
If you think having pure meat in your burger without adding anything except salt just eat a piece of steak .Pleskavicas are way better than your burger and they are filled with bread crumbs eggs and other stuff.
What do you oil the grill with
Don't let your meat loaf!
FUCK YOU BRET
What kinda cheese do u use?
This is more or less how I have learned to grill burgers through trial and error. He doesn't mention anything about flare-ups or grill flame levels. I use a Weber propane grill. They seem prone to less flare ups. I preheat the grill on high for 5-10 minutes. There is no need to oil the Weber cast iron grates. Once the grill is preheated, I use the grill brush to ensure the grill is clean, turn flame to low, and grill 5 to 6 minutes per side with the lid down. This results in a juicy but well-done burger. Prior to grilling, I like to sprinkle seasoning on them. Salt and pepper is fine, but McCormick has a lot of different blends you can try to mix it up. Another key is to get good hamburger rolls and skip the cheapies. Cheap rolls are fine if you are grilling for a kid's birthday party, but for grown-ups you should step it up a notch.
Always season burgers AFTER you've cooked them. Very surprised so many people get this wrong!
You know the drill...
Worchester sauce, Little bit of garlic salt, pepper and a hit of orange zest. Let is rest for about an hour for a nice quick marinade. Cook to liking. Place white american cheese with half slice of ham before burgers are ready to exit the grill
900 degrees lol
Creepy ass mustache
We need more AoM on the YouTubes. This is great content, and so would the podcasts.
It might be a good idea to move that grill away from the house!
Cney meli ya
Are the burgers over HEAT or indirect
What did he oil the grill with?
Lol!on a gas grill thats cute!
says dont season burgers.....then begins to season his burgers!!! what an IDIOT!!!
stop saying Grill marks, cant eat a grill mark dude!
Yeah go cook a meatloaf
And at 4:43 I think you meant to say the buns will be perfectly toasted, not the grill??.
4:16 “The cheese is going to be perfectly melted.” Dog comes around corner Dog: “ Did you say cheese?!”
https://www.facebook.com/BurgerimMiami/photos/a.411802012600547.1073741830.315843142196435/452860518494696/?type=3
Thumbs Down
hold the phone---he had no shirt on.....hmmm
Burger with no onion is like ...........
That is not cheese...That is 2 molecules from plastic. Get some English cheddar on there!!!
Go vegan dont become a fat cunt..
Beautiful work friend ??????
What a Cocky Tiny Dick Man w a Eggplant up his AZZ.
I reckon the number 1 best advice is use charcoal.
Did you mention the temperature????
Another home run
Screw olive oil. Use Worcestershire sauce
RenchRage here! Great video! Thanks for Sharing! Be good to each other!
Bret's rockin' that pornstache
my step dad sucks at grilling im 17 and i grill for the family and it makes him feel like a beta male
yep, the perfect burger is 2 fucking LBS.
I used a gas grill when I was working. Now being retired I only use my Weber Smokey Joe and kingsford hickory charcoal.. I love it.
Hamburgerth
I think Gordon Ramsey would differ
80/20 is for people who don't know how to grill. 85/15 is for people who know how to control the heat and want to get the most taste out of the meat. You want to taste beef.. not fat.
Thank you sir!
My home made burgers always turn into meatballs. I'll try you indentation trick.
look at that!! would ya look at that !? just look at that!!
You need a real mans grill. So you can cook with wood. Ok princess.
Thanks for the common sense video..lol
Great tips and advice here. Thanks for posting!!
4:10 you slam the lid and the dog comes running "Are they ready?!! No? ok i'll be back"
Awesome!
Is that real cheese or chemically altered plastique?
Do you keep the grill on high heat all the way through grilling the Burger
gas grills suck huge ass
NEVER poke the middle! That makes a tough overcooked spot. Its just a silly fad. If you know how to grill you can make a perfect burger without pressing the middle. Also, round those edges. Broken edges overcook. Place the burger on a super hot grill, after one minute, rotate it 90 degrees. After another minute, flip it. On its' final minute rotate 90 degrees again. Never press on a cooking patty.
Shit burger
Watch Gordon Ramsay maming burger!!!!
Processed cheese slices? Ewww. Use real cheese.
Good video.....
First tip. Use a real grill. Not that gas shit.
In my opinion, if you need to watch a how to video on making and grilling burgers you are definitely not manly.
Stupid question- Do you season both sides of the burger or is one enough? Thanks!
Can you use cooking spray on the grill?
My last 3 gas grills never got very hot at all. It's charcoal for me!
WHAT'S SPECIAL ABOUT THIS BURGER?!!! NOTHING.
Less is more!! This method is highly recommended. Add some rabbit food and some helmans, bomb digity!!
1:34 Well, Chef Ramsay disagrees.
olive oil? you can but no need, and I add a bit of garlic, a matter of personal taste, and the salt and pepper will adhere to the meat, the fat will work as an excellent adhesive. only thing I won't do is grilling burger on a gas grill, the whole magic is doing it on charcoal...
Manly and ART don’t go together.
Very simple and basic. To the point with excellent advice. Not a ton of extra or advanced BS to complicate things. Love this.
Season both sides of the fucking burger. When you put the burgers on the grill, put the seasoned side down on the grill so you can season the other side of it too, pro tip.
How long do you have to grill each side to have a medium-well burger?
One of my "pet peeves" cross contamination all over the handle of my grill and probably everywhere else!
That was WAY too much salt.
Garbage.... we have no clue what the inside looked like
What type of a grill is this?
Alot of men acting like girls in the comments......saying " oh he touch the meat and then the salt" or " thats cross contamination" or "the grill is outside and bugs might get on the food" ??????...Cry me a river guys. Its a backyard not a five star restaurant. Calm down girlie boys. Hate to see guys with a marshmallow on a STICK over a campfire.
Fuck now I wanna fire up the grill
“perfectly toasted grill”
Next up, how to boil water.
And you call them steamed hams, despite the fact that they are obviously grilled?
A hamburger made from beef?
Oh boy. Took his advice and when you say “piping hot” it was piping hot all right... my whole grill was on fire on the inside cause of fat from burgers. It melted my thermostat and browned my stainless. The burgers were charcoal. Idk if it was a flair up or what but this did not work for me. Any suggestions?
With charcoal do I do direct heat or what? DO I even do a hot and cold side lol? PLease help me!
Who grills 4 burger patties, but yet prepares 2 sets of buns?! ????
Freddie Mercury ?
art of manliness "uses a propane grill" wtf is this shit?
no pickles, lettuce, tomatoe or sauces? wtf is this.
Just like I do it sweet now I know my wife is wrong thank you
You need more seasoning then salt and peper
What do you put in the meat??
FINALLY!!!..Someone else who butters and toasts the buns....It’s madness that people don’t do this!LOL
Very nice !!
he is working the meat way to much
Don't claim to be manly when ur using a fucking propane grill lol
For some reason I wanna slap this guy
Gotta try them on a griddle on top of a weber grill. Keeps them nice and juicy!!!
Y the fuck is this in my reccomended videos. I eat 2 burgers a day. I don't need the added cancer from watching this
Mine never look this good
Does it has to be olive oil? can you use any other oil.
A BIG TIP guys by watching this video (or any other delicious looking food cooking video)..... Don't watch it when you're hungry??
I’m a mans lady (tomboy) and Base most of my actions off of this
I almost forgot... To the guy who made this video I recommend the meat head bbq book.... A lot of the things you preach in this video have been proven to be myths....
Will your burger be "good"?? Probably but this is not the way to grill a perfect burger.... Everyone commenting... This is just one guys opinion... He's not a fuckin expert... Let him give you some tips and you can continue on your 6 hours YouTube binge
@4:16 the dog knows the burgers are almost done but then realizes you’re still filming so it vacates the shot.
ONIONS !!! ONIONS !!!ONIONS !!!ONIONS !!!ONIONS !!!ONIONS !!!ONIONS !!!ONIONS !!!ONIONS !!!ONIONS !!!ONIONS !!!ONIONS !!!ONIONS !!!ONIONS !!!ONIONS !!!ONIONS !!!ONIONS !!!ONIONS !!!ONIONS !!!ONIONS !!!ONIONS !!!ONIONS !!!ONIONS !!!ONIONS !!!ONIONS !!!ONIONS !!!ONIONS !!!ONIONS !!!ONIONS !!!ONIONS !!!ONIONS !!!ONIONS !!!ONIONS !!!ONIONS !!!ONIONS !!!ONIONS !!!ONIONS !!!ONIONS !!!ONIONS !!!ONIONS !!!ONIONS !!!ONIONS !!!ONIONS !!!ONIONS !!!ONIONS !!!
Sure burgers not meatloaf but I do like a BIT of finely chopped onion in there.
I feel like this guy beats off to pictures of grill marks...
Meat is not fresh...
Burgers look very good. I put mine in the freezer just before going to the grill. It seems to help keep them together better. I am going to try the olive oil.
The well doesn't always work
Thanks for the video, what is that you oil the grill with?
Amen!
All of these techniques are from Chef Bobby Flay
What make is that grill?
Learned nothing. Cook it all the way thru? Do I need xray vision? How long per side?
Watched w/my daughter. The well in the center. I learned. Everything else i'm on par, if I had never grilled like my daughter. I would definitely be stoked if some one led me to this video. I also second the motion, cheese on burger before meat exits grille. & toast those buns!... [18°f went sledding all day. When you want a burger you want a burger. In the Heat or the Cold. why not? Still eats the same. God bless thanks for sharing.
MR BEN BOWLING
Panko goes in meatloaf not breadcrumbs
needs onion crums
Maybe I like meatloaf...
The most important point - grind your own burger! I use sirloin (from Kroger's "Manager Special" at 1/2 cost) and us an old 1960 grinder. I do use 1/2 t of a self-made rub with each piece of meat ground (no meatloaf). As the video says, don't squeeze the meat too tightly. Use common sense.
Is this Bubble's long lost brother teaching me how to cook a burger? I'm flustered at the moment.
was going so well until the processed crap was put on the burger why do americans always say `this is how to properly make burgers` then screw it all up with plastic cheese
Your great sir ! ???? thanks a lot for you advised. I’m ready to grill my hamburgers and stake
You have to laugh at you Americans,looking at the comments below it did not take long to turn this nice video on how to make a burger into a slanging match,made me chuckle ..
Slam that lid like a mayn
Tried this on my grill and only a minute or two on high turned the bottom to black hockey pucks. High my ass
I'm really looking for the grill settings
Again with the "grill marks". Your going to eat that dang thing. Who cares about gill marks.
Wish you do one for charcoal grill
My memre,God rest her soul,did good on everything except burgers. They came out like hockey pucks.
it should literally be against the law and punishable by firing squad to do any cooking show for any kind of meat and not show the actual finished portratyal of the meat sensationalized in the vid...................
Didn’t know freedy mercury wud be a presenter after queen
Everyone says the same stuff on these burger videos. Thumbs down cause I already heard all this on a different channel
Nice
Loved this video
My 5y old son is doing a better Burger then this shit tbh!
I was into this video until fucking cheese is brought up. I REALLY hate melted cheese on my burgers.
UNWATCHABLE: not drinking a ice cold beer while grilling
Crappiest burger Ive ever seen to be honest!
This "master" just toasted 2 buns and grilled 4 burgers lol
Nice getting raw mest juices on evrything u touched lol..
Next episode: The Art of Seasoning Both Sides
....olive oil.. look at those smoke and flames when turning the burger.. isnt that oil bad with that temperatur?
who is the Freddie Mercury looking nigga at the end?  LOL
The only mistake here is using bitch ass American cheese. Cheddar is the way to go!
lol at all these dainty nancyboys in here talking about chives and onions and eggs.. Fuck all that. I'm eating the burger because i want to fucking taste the beef! If I wanted onions i'd eat a fucking salad. All that extra bullshit, rabbit food and drowning the beef in sauces is so you can mask the fact that you don't actually like the flavor of beef. Because you're a fag.
overcooked
I always make home made burgers very similar to how u did yours, but i've never tried bbq-ing them untill today and they just melted through the grill, i was gutted, why did this happen, any tips would be much appreciated, thanks
Instructions unclear, I cooked the grill with the burger
Did he just put "American" in a perfectly good burger? That better have been cheddar
What's he using to oil the grill?
No cheese pleez!
butter the buns <---- critical
sukanegggeeerrrrdiiiikkkk
I don't eat meatloafs so I have no idea what he means by not seasoning the meat. I hate burgers without seasoning. The rest of the video is ok. But I think to be a perfect humberger you need seasoning otherwise is just a piece of grounded beef.
what size is the grinding meat on grinder 6 mm or 4 mm
You have to be pretty pathetic if you don't know how to grill.
Uh but McDonald's and burger kings flavor their burgers with onions and other stuff? Even Gordon Ramsay puts onions in. I guess I have been eating meatloaf burgers from fast foods? But they taste like normal burgers?? So I guess I'm still gonna put onions in to make it taste better. I don't think that people have to make it traditionally, just do anything to make it taste like a great burger. I guess it will be a meatloaf burger for other people.
Make sure you take the plastic off the cheese, very important!
"cheese"
I hate burgers ??
I didnt now Clark Gable like burgers.
I hate frozen burgers. The ones you made looking amazing.
Lmao every video he do the damn dog lurking in the background
One big mistake Karl; You need to grill those burgers on charcoal with a shallow grill lid on the grill.
I mix chillies and garlic into mine. olive oil on the burgers? I don't see the need.
You know he's white when he just use salt and pepper lmao
Why did Freddie Mercury show up in the beggining
I would assume Gordon Ramsay thinks of this guy as a donkey or an idiot sandwich because he insulted using garlic and other flavors on a burger
funny how after you mention" were cooking burgers here" then you bath the patties in olive oil....
i didbt know about the 20/80 ratio. thanks for the tip
This guys cross contamination skills are impeccable, my god man don't you know how to wash your hands before touching everything after touching raw meat
Did that start at 800 degrees? Mercy.
was this informative or is the aduince intended for allians first time on earth.
Awesome video, I'm going to try this recipe for my next video. It looks awesome.
I would think the center would be pink. He only cooked for for what, 6 minutes
Omg that dog at 4:15
Good video, now all you need to do is add some food handling tips, so no one gets sick from handling the beef.
Fantastic vid
Mistakes were made. You're supposed to put the burger season side down first so that you're seasoning it raw not cooked because it won't stay
Read it. Watch it. Do it. Thank you sir!
Good info but for the love of God, FOCUS!
"now I'm going to dig in to this burger"..... stop recording for a second i think in gonna be sick lol
what degrees?
Is it manly to speak with your mouth full?
dosent add anything to it? how not to grill a burger. Gordon Ramsay would rip him apart
Not sure I agree with cooking them all the way through. In most of Texas it's more common to grill any burger medium rare unless asked otherwise regardless of the source of the meat. Great video, thanks for the grilling tips!
Great info thanks!!!
Lol. Good video and good info. But ! I smoke my burgers. About an hour. Remember patience !!!!! well done and super juicy. If u want to cook in a hurry use a mf ing microwave. Good barbq takes a long time
The video was great until he said well done
Should you Salt and pepper both sides or not
well, American food, burned too much comparing to Chinese food. Do not get me wrong, I understand it is a really well cooked burger, since I have been around long enough, just has a general comment.
How much time does it stay on after you flip it?
4:15 hungry dog
Awesome dude! Gonna follow your techniques next time I grill some burgers.
love burgrrs
5:31 dude wanted that burger so bad opened his mouth even before biting the burger
ALWAYS SEASON THE MEAT FIRST!!!
If you can't grill a burger, just shoot yourself. You'll do us all a favor.
This is a plain salt pepper burger.
Are you married?
Every time I cook burgers the grease catches fire and I need to keep moving them
4:16 " ohhh not ready yet? ok i'll come back later"
Thanks for the tips man! I will test them this weekend!
Damn, this guy has never had a "meatloaf" burger!! I hate burgers with only salt and pepper, no flavor!!! I'd take a meatloaf burger any day. pff
everything but how long to cook on each side---the most important thing
No screaming hot grill so you don't have to press the center with your thumb, no olive oil because it will burn and the amount of salt and pepper put in there should of been divided in half and put on both sides of the burger. And do not close the lid until you melt the cheese. ....try this folks along with the other tips from the video and I guarantee a great burger and bun that isn't burnt. Oh and charcoal or wood, and it doesn't hurt to have a cold beer by ya.
Is it me or that is just too much salt?
FUCK! My mouth got juicy watching this video. 'Pause'
lol thank you burger instructor you're right
first time i done burgers they where burnt black but still good well for biscuits
Great vid! Thanks for the tips
I just made it like this and it was amasing
Super film! Pozdrawiam!
This guy ripped off Bobby Flay's video "Perfect Burger Recipe with Bobby Flay". Its almost word for word.
My kids said your video made me make the best burgers they ever had! Thanks.
If you're looking for the definitive burger-grilling tutorial, you have found it. No further looking required. Seriously, I've been cooking burgers following this same formula ever since I first saw this video a few years ago, and I've never had a dry, bland burger since. Genuinely good advice.
hank hill?
Instructions unclear. got my dick stuck on the grill
Great Job!
Lol shit Freddie Mercury lol
I watch your video over and over,. While I'm grilling .. Using an old Weber grill.. Short term memory .. Thank you tor helping me
just made this exact burger! the whole family is satisfied!!! thanks art of manliness!!!
yikes @ 5:20 that brick wall looks worst than your grill... WTF is with that square cheese too
flipping once doesn't matter
watch me poor this fat all over this patty.. ....that's already 20% fat. Professional rookies.
Manly huh?? He's using a fucking propane gas grill.. Get the hell outta here!!!
just a quick quisten, what do you use of/for oile on the grill, and what is it yous to put it on with? regards Anders, Denmark
But if you're gonna use an oil, use a neutral flavored oil with a high smoking point...
So he's concerned about food safety  but uses the same plate he had the raw burger meat on.
Meh. Zero special about this.
I did not know you only put salt and pepper on one side of the burger IV always seasoned both side! Was I wrong?
thanks. I'm a cook but barely starting on the grill which is hella hard for me
I'm confused on how I ended up on this video but I'M HUNGRY AS FUCK! ????
This is what you call a real burger not that McDonald's garbage
This is worthless! He didn't even tell us what to look for to know it is time to flip them! When the juices start to seep through on top, that's when you flip. Why is he closing the lid as they cook?? He is steaming them!
Thumbs up if your a women trying to learn how to grill and this helped a ton??
hi. which spartula did he take? esp which size?
Maravilhoso..Congratulations......
How to make a flavorless white People burger lmao
Looks amazing!
Haha at 4:15 the dog see the camera rolling and is like "Oh shit he's recording!!"
i love to over work the hamburger. Mmmm Mmmm Good
I thought that olive oil was Johnnie Walker
I'm trying to forget about chef Ramsey but I just heard olive oil so I'm watching all of his videos again
What cheese is that
I HATE grilling burgers. Flare ups drive me crazy.
U need a big green egg
What are you using to oil the grill.
im hungry
I'm watching this because my mom wants me to cook my own food ??
Whenever he's about to say something new, he starts with "again, "
Guy at the end looks like a Reno 911 cop.
no sauce?
The best artists have a touch of madness to them. This is one of those people. Thank you!!!
'MERICA!
looks good tho
if you want the diamond shaped grill marks, before you flip them rotate them 90 degrees. it makes them look pretty
freshly ground is also better
it will tastes better if you dont. you get more juiciness in every bite if you dont. i promise it tastes better
he flattend it. you dont do that
We're your burgers red inside
Epic LISP
Nice dog.
How many minutes do you keep the burgers in the grill after you flip it, including the time with the cheese on top? It seems like you keep it there for more than 3-4 minutes.
Olive oil on a burger? No thanks.
about 5 out 10..
I mix onions, garlic, salt and pepper with the ground beef. Call them meatloaf if you wish, they still taste better than your "burgers"
is that an onion you're using before putting the patties
I don't like melted cheese, can't taste it when its melted
I'll never understand the fascination with grill marks...
My BIGGEST pet pev is people who use cheap ass American processed cheese!!! Booo!! Spend the extra cash and have the cheese cut from the block. It doesn't cost that much more and the taste is way better.
good how-to video!!
Will 93% work on an electronic grill?
good video
I followed these instructions and my burgers were super rare, 3-4 minutes isn't long enough
People think if you cook a burger medium to well-done it will be dry and unflavored but those people dont know how to cook burgers truly well-done.. I just melt butter on the pan and sprinkle pepper and salt over the butter evenly and then slap the patty down and cook it for 3-4 mins on one side on medium heat. I then flip it over and immediately start basting the burger with the fat'n'buttery juices that collected on the pan from the burger for 4-6mins depending on how chubby the burger is. (This is where the magic happens) Then i cut the burger in half and turn them on their sides to start searing the middle of the burger to get the yummy caramelization on the inside. Finally I slap the 2 burger halfs on the pre-toasted bun and pour the remainder of juices from the pan onto the burger along with provolone cheese, romaine and a little ketchup and you got yourself a juicy well done burger bursting with flavor!
I thought you're supposed to let the burger rest for a minute before putting it on the bun ...
Eew no bread crumbs or eggs yup thats a meatloaf
This guy is a jackass. You absolutely want to flip it (at least) 3 times. Not only does it give you pretty grill marks, it ensure even cooking. Also, fuck anyone advocating cooking a well done burger. There is a special place in hell for people who like their meat well done.
Nothing in the video and nothing in the comments about bacon... you're just a bunch of girly men.
That looks amazing, but my burgers did not look like that. They looked like hokey pucks ????????
fellas if you are on a gas grill them you might as well cook them on your stove because that's all a gas grill is an outdoor stove,do your self a favor and switch to charcoal,starting and tending to a fire is the real art to manliness
About to grill my first burger, thanks for this video and tips. Aaaaaaaaaa!
https://youtu.be/-G-RqFZLiRs
you had me until you put American cheese on it. now I don't know if I can trust anything at al you say about anything. I put pepperjack and smoked swiss. American cheese is  abomination.
if you want a "perfect" burger, use gorden ramsay's recipe.
I really don't understand why people are obsessed about getting grill marks, you're going to eat the damn thing why should it matter lol
The purpose of breadcrumbs/egg isn't for flavour, it's for when the meat is lower quality. If you don't use egg or crumbs, the meat will often fall right apart into the grill.
im new to the grill, all the tips are awesome. turned out great. thank you
whenever we cook burgers on the grill; the grease drips down and causes major flame up. How do I prevent this?
Do you season both sides ?
Great tutorial and tips in this video, thanks :)
Really bro, fucking olive oil? Piss off.
Great stuff. Camera is never focused on the subject, but I got what I came for ;)
Awesome guys I followed your burger and steak instructions and they came out perfect .
Aight Bobby flay
Awesome video
everyone's always claiming how to make perfect burgers, they can't all be perfect!
how the fuck some homo's gonna talk about manly wtf smh
Do I have to slam the grill cover close too so I can grill like a man?
Not the olive oil again.
This guy is cheap. You cut the cheese off the block, like a real chef would do. Ask any pitmaster. Dont use that process stuff. And yes, I may only be eleven, but I have a grill. Also, if you add some extra seasonings, its fine. It all depends on what flavor you want.
a few quick comments (just my opinion): 1. the perfect burger is made on a charcoal grill. ask anyone who considers themselves a real pitmaster 2. there is no rhyme or reason to the "flip only once" method 3. burgers should be made to order. they are much juicier cooked medium and below and it is perfectly safe (i prefer medium). 4. i mix roasted garlic and onion into my burger along with dry spices and a tablespoon or 2 or homemade bbq sauce. many people have told me they are the best burgers they've ever had. you should put whatever you want in your burgers.
Lol you're touching everything with raw meat hands fucking idiot
getting on the grill today,getting meat ready.
Cool! Finally someone promoting a well-done burger!
There are fucking flies on your cutting board...gross dude.
Overuse of the word "again".
Freddy Mercury called he wants his body back.
Why 80/20 Hamburger, we usually get 90% lean. Is there a reason to get fattier meat?
You cant be manly and have other men make your burgers wtf
Clear instructions. Thank you! One question: should the burger be seasoned from one side or from both sides?
pretty good paddys.. But the cheese and bread on that thing is horrible. FAAAR from perfect.
Come on man Gas
One of the best ways I have found to stop burgers from puffing up in the middle is to press down on the burger with a plate after making it to give it a flat surface.
It's a propane grill lol
I can't wait to try this and the steaks, thanks team!!!!!
Aren't manly men big, you are kind wimpy.
American food
Just did the best burgers ever…..great tips…thank you!
Hello 80s Freddie Mercury
Not many people have a grill that can get up to 800° like in the video. How long did that grill take to warm up?
I liked nd subscribed not just cuz ima burgeroligist cuz I have a cool mustache too lol
"if you want a meatloaf, cook a meatloaf.... we're cooking BURGERS!!!"
i t s r e a l l y f u n n y hey thete, library peace % ...
That's a meat loaf lmao
great, you know what I gonna do tonight ;)
Having the first cookout of the year this weekend and wanted to make sure I have everything down. Yall's videos will help alot for me not to make the same BS mistakes others make. Thanks for the tips!
can you use the lava rock when you are grilling burgers?  how many times can you re-use the lava rock before it becomes unusable?
that is one Badass vid Mann. thought I was the bomb at making burgers, but now I'm gonna master them. can't wait!!!
Goddamn I'm hungry now. Looks fantastic.
If I want to cook a burger like that, do I need to keep slamming my grill closed too?
perfect
No actual information here just blah blah. Title of video is how to, he didn't mention the little dimple in the middle of the burger to keep it from plumping. This comment told you more about how to girll than this whole video unless you're retarded and have never cooked before in your life.
Anything with a grill mark is good
Too bad he ruined a good burger with plastic cheese.
He's ready for the burger @4:15
They'd be a hell of a lot better if you didn't use trash cheese on them. Use some real cheddar for fucks sake! Not that disgusting, cheap, oil-based "cheese product".
Dang that look good!
you just copied what bobby flay said.
Until next time its so dry lol
what do u mean oil the grill i am new
Couple of mistakes here: 1) It's best to salt the burgers at the last moment possible, so that the salt doesn't pull out moisture from the burger 2) FLIP the burger every 20 to 30 seconds. You will have less overcooked meat around the edges and more evenly cooked meat in the center. 3) Olive oil on a burger? No thanks, there is plenty of fat that will create a nice tasty char naturally
U R so stupid , the reason V 1 a football is round ?? 2 that is not a grill , the grill is next to the oven 3 a girl can also barbecue 4 you are not Jamie Oliver / DJBBQ
yummy
Is this a joke?
You tried to sound manly and then couldn't get that olive oil open hahaha wtf
I love the videos and you've just made me very very hungry. The only thing I'd point you should recommend is to use a meat thermometer. My good friend is a doctor at the local hospital and he sees at least two/three cases of people infected with E Coli. For ground beef, cook it to 160º F. I personally use the Chef Remi Cooking Thermometer which is perfect for grilling. Look forward in watching more cooking videos from you guys!
As always much appreciated information. Keep up the great work. Will 'Spider' Watson. Jeremiah 29:11
109 vegetarians gave this a Thumbs Down...
i miss america, i worked there as a student from europe in the summer of 2014 and damn i miss those burgers...:(
Amazing
Um you literally copied Bobby flay word for word
Thank you! Very helpful video and worked great on my new gas grill! For the first time, I grilled with confidence. :)
Nice video, but you should NEVER pepper meats before grilling. Pepper burns at 270 degrees and will impart a bitter taste into the meat.
why do u toast the buns
bobby flay copycat
I don't know if this is fucked up, but when I use my big green egg I add a tiny bit of my Marinade and vegetable oil to the bottom of the grill to give it some kick I add some to the burgers themselves. I'm only 13 I wanna know if that's bad.
What I like to do is just hit my wife repeatedly until she makes me a fucking burger
how do you know if the burger is cooked enough on one side before flipping
thanks for video I'm grilling right now
amazing work sir
hey are these degrees in Celsius or Fahrenheit
i have the weber genesis grill, how long should i cook the burger for on each side?
why does he put it straight on the grill my fam usually puts aluminum foil on it then put the meat on that ... that's kind of gross to just put it straight on the grill
Hi, what should be the temperature before I start grilling the burger? I have a WeberGrill.
Awesome! I'll try it tomorrow.  My mouth is watered! Thanks for the tips.
"Don't flip em too often now you don't wanna lose the juices. Yeah...yeah, coming along nicely. Those are cooking just fine. Scoop that one up and put it back down in the exact same spot."
Good tips
What kills me about all these grilling videos is, everyone who is presenting the video touches their raw meat, then touches everything else like their seasonings without washing their hands first. I am no germaphobe, but that is disgusting.
What is it with you fuckin' Americans and your salt?!
This works really well with veggie burgers too!
Great vid guys.
Love a Smokey Charcoal grilled burger! Gas is good but charcoal better. Ground Chuck 80/20 is best - need that fat for a juicy burger. I mix in some finely diced yellow onion, small amount of Liquid Smoke, little bit of Cumin, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper. Form the burgers, indent if desired and freeze 20 minutes before putting on the grill. Each burger should be about 1/3 to 1/2 pound after prepared. Get the coals hot, leave a spot for a can of Mesquite wood chips later. After the coals settle down to a glow put the can of wood chips in the middle. Wipe the top with some Olive Oil and let burn off a few minutes. Put the burgers on for about four minutes on each side (Hibatchi  grill). Toast some large buns and add cheese if desired, the last seconds before serving.
only thing is use tony's instead of salt and pepper
There is a lot of good tips n tricks in this video. Using ground chuck (80/20) is spot on.  No smashing the burger is also a good tip.  I think adjusting a burger after 2 minutes or so to get diamond shape grill marks can be with done great results. Doesn't make it taste better, but looks nicer!!!! Putting the indent in the center to prevent the fluff up is good idea that I heard of 20 years ago. Nothing new to me.  I have made a seasoned burger, using an onion soup mix, eggs and worchestire sauce. It was a very decent burger and was not meatloaf.  A simple salt/pepper seasoning is great too. But nothing wrong with additional seasoning either. If I am wanting onions on my burger, either chopped or sliced, I like to put them on top of the burger, adding the cheese and like he says, cover for a bit to melt the cheese. This keeps the onions on the burger, so that I can get the nutritional benefits of all the onion I am putting on it. There might not be much in romantic benefits that night, but at least we had a terrific burger meal !!!!
What does he use to oil the grill?
Don't you refrigerate the meat?
Dude, nicely done, brief video that said everything that needed to be said.  It worked.  Thanks.
So what's the temp. to put it on while grilling? I did this exact same thing, but left it on high for about 3,4 min. And it liked to have burned my grill down!!!thanks
coool thqnk
That's a handsome mustache.  Nice video.  thank you.
Looks like John Reep grilling and the Mexican from Napoleon  Dynamite.
Yesss, because of this video I am grilling burgers tonight!!!
Grill my ass. Thats not a grill. Its just gas stove in garden. Use live fire from live wood. Leave gas stoves in kitchen for our ladies to cook. Greetings from Europe where men cook on live fire, ladies on gas stoves.
"If you want a meat loaf cook a meat loaf were cooking burgers here today" I like this guy
Are you puertorrican
my only question is how do i keep the burgers from falling apart on the grill without using breadcrumbs and egg?
I absolutely love burgers... And the best burgers I've ever cooked, I used salt and pepper... That said, there's no problem with a meatloaf - ish burger. Take the art to the next level and I like to marinade my meatloaf burgers about 30 minutes prior! Most of the time I just like salt and pepper but other times I like flavored burgers.
a excelent video, keep in that way !!
I heard you should always refrigerate the burgers at least 20 minutes after forming into patties. And you always add the seasoning to the patties when you are immediately going to grill them.
Grill how long on each side?
Cool
Say what you will about adding nothing to the meat, but a little bit of Worcestershire mixed in before grilling, and it always tastes better! Don't believe it, do a side-by-side blind taste test ;-)
Hey! I just stick my burgers o the inside of the chimney flue and...wallaaaaah!!
Thanks for the tips. Was just told today that I cooked the best hamburger ever tasted. Felt great. Thank you!
Archer and his buddy.. good god, i love these burgers!
lol if you want a meatloaf cooka meatloaf lol
Because every time u open the grill ur losing heat in the grill
Why not just put the buns on the grill at the same time u put the cheese on they both take about 30 seconds to perfection any way
Best burgers IMO right off the fire pit. Put a few blocks up make a lil open chimney start a lil camp fire get sum coals going take a grills metal grill plate and stick it over the fire pit. Let heat up season thrown burgers on and u can season with smoke also with different types of wood fresher wood keeps it moist and smoky coals keep it hot. Cooks fast stays juicy and smokes the entire time with real wood. You can't have a bad burger. Even if you forget a burger by accident it still tastes a amazing over cooked literally premium jerky flavor with a juicy seasoned inside OMG they don't always make it to the bun haha
Using a gas BBQ is hardly the pinnacle of the 'Art of Manliness'
What olive oil? Light, standard, or extra virgin? They have different flavors and smoking points. What oil was used to oil the grill? Standard olive oil burns easily at a moderate temperature. Also, season one side only or both sides? Was the burger meat cold or at room temperature before it went on the grill? How long did you wait till you flipped the burger? This video would be alot more helpful with complete set of information.
HAHAHAHAHA you oughta you pack of fuckwits.....lol
You instructions are not that good. I got my dick stuck in the propane nozzle.
oh Lawd
Coping in n out
Yummy yummy..its making me hungry now..
I can't stop watching burger videos and really want a damn burger.. ugh..
Olive oil?!  Fail!
brb going to grill a burger :$
Wheres the tomatoe and onion?????
@Art of Manliness how much does it takes to cook each side in a charcoal grill?
What king of cheese is that
Way too quote bobby flay word for word
I like this method. The only thing I'd disagree with is the cheese. It looks a little over done. Maybe put it on at the same time as the buns, then they'd be perfect.
Wow He said everything bobby flay said in an interview and exactly the same too. Wonder who copied who... hmm Thanks for the tips though. they were great.
This guy don't know what he's doing. Doing burgers on a gas grill??? LOL. He must be from New York. And he still ended up with over cooked UFO burgers. He probably cooks steaks in a pan too.
I don't need all the extra stuff like BBQ sauce or whatever. Sometimes the perfect burger just has cheese and some ketchup just like the good ol' days.
Oh now, Mr. Kurt Hest, there's nothing wrong with a burger every now and then, we don't all eat celery and carrots every day like you do....
Awesome.. Perfect Burgers!!!
What temperature should I use on an indoor grill?
This is great! I wondered what I was doing wrong because my burgers have been coming out like "Hockey Pucks." I think the issue was that I used too much flame and just not the correct timing. Thanks for the video!
So if I don't smash it down how do I know if my burger is done? Also how long do you typically keep it on the each side when grilling?
Stop putting olive oil on everything people! Please.
It needs lattus :)
Nice lisp bro!
Yummy!  Raw meat hands all over the pepper and olive oil.  This is how I do my hamburgers and they are very tasty.
Karl sounds like John Gruden
Please clean your grill grates before they spread EBOLA!
Your awesome,thank you. The steaks I grilled were awsome
Reuses the same plate, cross contamination fool
I always toss the buns on at the same time as the cheese, then again I like my buns a little more toasty than this guy.
I've eaten burgers rare all the time, even raw, and I've never gotten sick from them. No need for people to get so stressed out about rare meat. I think it's crazy when people want to forget they're eating an animal.
How long did he cook it for?
can you give me an estimate of how many times per side approximately? Great vid by the way
HAMBRRRRGRRRS!
Great tips! Thanks so much!
You're digging in.... but where's mine ?!?!?!?  ME  SO  HUNGRY ! ! !
thank you for your manly burgers!
Thanks for the vid, but I was left uninformed... Cooking times vary with the thickness of the burger. You didn't mention what the ideal thickness should be, and your suggested cooking time was vague. You said, "3 - 4 minutes" on the first side... If you're cooking on a grill that's been heated to 700 degrees, a minute of cook time will make a huge difference! Also, you didn't say what the cook time should be once you flip the burger. However, the technique of making a dimple in the burger was great! Never thought to do that. Again, thanks for the vid. If you have a chance, would love to see another vid that fills in the blanks when it comes to specifics - burger thickness, grill temp, and cooking times for each side.
big mistake in putting those bunns on the grill dry ,,forget about buttering them,i put them on the burgers as there still cooking and after i flipped them the first time that way the bunns soak up the fatty juices then i grill em and get nice marks with no charring,the flavour is of that tallow and char on those bunns with the meat is extra flush lovely
CHARCOAL!!!!!
Perfect Burger, but the worst cheese in the world...
Olive oil on a burger?Where did he learn that crap, Jamie Oliver?This is not how you do a burger.Pepper will burn and leave a digusting taste to it.You should add that after finish grilling the patties.
This was an AWESOME video!! My grill was warming up today 6/15/14, my girlfriend's father was walking in the door on Father's Day and I needed to get those burgers cooked just right! I have gotten lucky and also botched plenty of meals grilling in the past by just winging it and hoping for the best. But this time I was not leaving it to chance. I jotted down notes from this 6 minute video and immediately followed them to a "T"- Real HOT grill/Burgers w/dent in the middle/Cheese 30-40 seconds/Buns buttered and grilled 15-30 seconds- all absolutely PERFECT!!!!!
flipping once is important, not multiple times, only that keeps it juice
Flipping one time is another myth (google is your friend). Flipping it multiple times is actually better.
So i flip it 4 mins.. How long do i let it sit there. To cook through the buger?
Thx 4 the awsome tips dude! its burger time!
Thx 4 the awsome tips dude! its burger time!
Sausage burgers are highly underrated. I recommend everyone try them. They're pretty fun and super easy to cook.
love it  "thats a meatloaf"  we are cooking burgers here today :)
4:38 - Glad the grill will be perfectly toasted! What about the buns? ;o)
For those who disagree with the tip to only flip the meat once: if you're cooking it in a pan or one a griddle, then the number of flips isn't important; but if you're cooking it on a grill, flipping back and forth will cause confused, overlapping, weak grill marks. It's about appearance more than anything else.
OHHH Boys !!!!    I´m from Brazil, and I just can not make american burgers like that.  I just can not make it taste the same as yours.  I think its the ingredients, I don´t know !!!  But congratulatios for the videos !!!  Best to you all, Eduardo Avallone.'.
DON'T REALLY LIKE THIS GUYS ATTITUDE...HE NEEDS A GOOD SLAP
20% fat in a burger? And tons of cheese? Wow, I wonder why obesity is running wild in the US. Oh you should also put even more salt on those burgers, so your blood pressure gets even higher.
do i keep them on direct or indirect heat?
do i keep them on direct or indirect heat?
Art of manliness and he doesnt have a beard lol bye
Actually, scientifically flipping once is perfect if you want to maximise the amount of overcooked meat. Flipping often makes for a more even cooked burger that is closer to medium rare than charcoal. The flip once idea is just a bunch of unfounded hot air.
4:40 the grill wont be toasted, the buns will be silly
do you guy have  the art of grilling: how to grill chicken that would be great
It's not caramelization when it comes to meat, the proper term is the Maillard reaction...
Why is everyone pretentious when giving grilling tips, there's multiple ways to make good food, and common sense tips like dont squish the meat....and spark up some charcoal like a man since we're being pretentious lol
I disagree with his idea of not seasoning the meat.  Definitely worth the time to add seasoning to the beef as you are making your patties.  It's not making a "meatloaf". It's adding flavor.
How to grill a hamburger: don't. For one, hamburgers ought to be made on a pan. For second, using a grill to make a hamburger is a waste of time and resources. Make steaks or better, go to a Mexican carniceria and get some carne asada to grill.
All those tips you should've mentioned not touching cooked food with bare hands. Clean or not. Also, here's a tip for you... not everyone likes their food barely seasoned, so the meat loaf comment was unnecessary.
4 minutes each side.. this shit is way overcooked
Merican.
Anyone know what kind of cheese he's using?
I am sooo showing my dad this. His burgers suck!!!
You lose 7 man points for use of the word "yummy". 8-( You can gain back 4 points (sorry, still must lose the other 3 due to the original offense) by reposting and substituting the word "larrupin!" 8-)
I like to put my cheese on when the burger is taken off the grill, so the cheese has a little "body" to it. But the main ingredient is the one he's not using...CHARCOAL!
I like trus
says "the key to burgers is to flip them one time" yet gives no reasoning for this. not only is it not "key" but it's completely wrong. flipping often makes them cook more evenly and they get done in 2/3 the time!
I did the method described in the video but my burgers were red on the inside and over seasoned. I will try to let each side of the burger cook for 5 to 6 minutes next time. What should I do about the seasoning? I seasoned both sides with a sprinkle of salt and a dabble of olive oil.
What about the meat loaf? I came here for the meat loaf...
Hell yeah 3:56 throw some cheese on those bitches!
SHIT!! this looks yummy, man i'm gonna make me some burgers rite now
One day
I think it's kosher salt.
He have the first side 3-4 min, then flipped to the other side for another 3-4. Dip a clean rag in the same type of oil you apply to the burger when seasoning.
I'm a total noob in grilling. How do you know when to flip the burger? Also, what was that oil he used on the grill before putting the burgers on?
Yum!
Cross contamination! Lol
What kinda salt is that? It doesn't look like your normal sized table salt.
I tried this today, outside of the burger looked great, trouble was that the inside was still pretty red. likely because I'm not used to cooking burgers so fast. I usually kept the grill at about 200F and they always turn out medium-well and very juicy for me, so I'll probably stick to that, though the seasoning was awesome and the olive oil made a huge difference in taste. Suggestion for future grilling videos: chicken, fish, and ribs (marinades, rubs, etc)
I second this
jerky! how to??
Nice!!
Any advice on when to flip and when it's done? That's the hard part. Is it timing or temp or firmness?
Want any meat with that salt?
This is a great series. Really good information.
Are you going to do one on chicken?
Great video, well done!!
I want one of these burgers now.
very helpful videos. ive always wanted to learn how to prepare the meat under ground
Damn now I want a fresh flame grilled burger. Better not be watching this on an empty stomach!
Should one fry the bacon seperately before making the burgers or is it possible to grill the strips at the same time? Great video BTW.
Essential 4th of July know-how.
What's up with the fly hanging out on your cutting board?
Nah, you have got to add stuff to burger meat, otherwise it's just a puck of cow.
Very awesome. Thanks for that :)
You can call that food if you want to, but you can't call that cheese.
I will never understand why people eat yellow plastic with their meat.
Download file EpicMealTime
I wish I could download food
good stuff
I love this channel! Hope it get more and more popular!
Now we need to know how to grill some squirrel.
Awesome series!
Ack dude, a egg in a burger kicks arse.
Delicious