Idiot
How about autograph
The earth is a donut on top of a turtle; pray it's not hungry
Of course you can't make the earth flat. It already is.
Earth is flat. End of discussion
grenland 2 big G R E N L A N D 2 B I G
Africa is actually 14x the size of Greenland
This is way i only use 3d when seeing world map!
Go back to bed kid, you're sleepwalking again . . .
but wait how do you map the land onto a globe?
MapQuest...I don't miss that
Alexcious Authagraph map is interesting to approach this issue
Liked for making me remember MapQuest... Wow..
3.58 for real science
The earth is earth shaped
So why do we still have to distort maps in apps? Couldn't we theoretically just project the earth onto a sphere and then when working at navigation level distances, zoom in so it looks flat, like it does in real life?
First in recommended: VSauce’s “Is the earth actually flat?”
Mapquest XD aaahhh!
I have some weird idea for making a flat map. You wrap a paper around a sphere(like you would do with a lollipop) and draw the continents and stuff on it. Then you take that off and suddenly you have a flat map. I don't know if it has already been done and I haven't tested it but it would be nice to see someone try.
im not saying the earth is flat, but there are maps of flat earth. for exemple: the united nations logo.
How To Make An Accurate Map: Mix Mercator map + Lambert's Cylindrical Projection!
my face when people say the earth is flat ??
The mercador projection could be accurate by 100% if you make Greenland 8-14 times smaller. I did that and that made a new projection! I call it the Matt Projection (My first name is Matthew BTW)!
Lots of funny posts about the shape of the earth. Research Flat Earth, don't be afraid, consensus isn't truth
1:25 what's the deal with with mapquest??
gleason's map - map is correct as it is... equator is 24,874 miles, james cook around Antarctica - it is 60,000 miles in Circumference.
streched hank looks creepier than original hank
155 people are flat-earthers
LIAR THE EARTH IS FLAT
Earth is flat you bums
Would y'all ever look at flat earth "evidence" and explain why it's not true? Just think it would be interesting hearing you talk about it.
I remember MapQuest. (I started driving when I was in the 2nd grade.)
ISS proves flat earth. You don't see a ball in the pictures, just a flat surface. Checkmate atheists!
omg I can't stop laughing at '..or MapQuest! How old are you?' #quiteoldapparently
writen
Are Flat Earthers actually a thing? I always thought they're just a bunch of trolls.
THIS WAS SHOCKINH
This is fake news the illuminati paid him off for sure #flatearther cash me ouside swag
Oh boy...this entire discussion will be about the Earth being flat.
Lmfao!!!! "would be really nice if everyone agreed with that sentence" god damn stupid "earth is flat" morons, they should all be shot or hung because they're so God damn DUMB.
This ridiculous Mandela effect thing where they think Australia has changed place.......this is what's behind it I realised ?????? Bullshit busted...oh yeah
Earth?-Flat Moon landing?-Faked Hotel?-Trivago
7/11 was a part time job.
I saw a model with all the continents with the most accurate shape I ever saw in a map, it can be cut in a rectangle too in many directions. the only detail is that the parallels get curved.
I love that last sentence.
In other words, we just need a widely available hologram projector to display the world in 3d
"how old are you are you old enough for that" haha yes yes I remember map quest
My mom uses mapquest
Also.... This Mandela effect thing made people look in their maps. To believe the old earth and new earth thingy... there are other factors the map of the world would change. And because we have new technology, we can make the map even more detailed. And there are earthquakes.
Anyone with even a partially working, damaged brain understands that the earth is round.
Subtitles are incorrect @1:50 "... but Africa is nearly 8 times the size of Greenland." is showing 14 instead of 8.
If you're so confident that the Earth is not flat, make a video debunking all of the popular flat earth claims. The bottom line is, flat-Earthers put forward very valid points that I never see refuted in any kind of intellectual, scientific, or adequate way by ''non-flat-Earthers'.
Old enough for Mapquest? I remember the days before it....
What if just photograph the earth from space and then put everything together? And make the scale and all that stuff?
GPS, best map ever until you are driving on train tracks into a pond.
xkcd fans unite- the waterman butterfly is where it's at
Learned about this in my GIS class, very interesting!
Free knowledge isn't real knowledge. I have a PHD in shapes from NASA. message me and I'll give you the truth about the earth.
Lol, old enough to remember MapQuest
You get a thumbs up for mapquest lol
Areas of not map...
but...but... THE GOVERNMENT IS LYING TO US EARTH IS FLAT THEY WANT TO CONTROL YOU THEY ARE THE DEVIL
Round, flat...combine the two and you end up with a halo
Could you make a map that's a very long rectangle and on it is a spiral of Earth. You could fold the map into a globe but it can be read as just a strip of paper?
How dumb do people have to be to ACTUALLY think the world is flat? What is this, ancient Greece? This is the 21st century, and the world has been scientifically proven to be a tetrakis hexahedron.
If the Earth was flat then we would have flat beer...
I think Vox did this video before...???
Earth Not Flat? You must be joking right? Next you will say that We are not the center of the universe and that earth was not created in a Day.... How preposterous!!! Please dont say that Pluto is not a Planet and there is no Human colony on Mars.
the first four words in the description alone will be enough to trigger a lot of backwards minded flat earth believers
Area, distance, direction, A.D.D.!
144 Dislikes =144 flat Earth people what a sham
Africa is 15 times larger that Greenland, not 8.
Why don't we just use globes? Imagine if the Earth were flat and humans were constantly trying to find the best way to project it onto a sphere. That would be stupid.
Ahem Kyrie
this is a word for word rip off of the video Vsauce did years ago on maps
is map quest still a thing?
Seriously? "MAPQUEST! you old enough for that?" shot zooms into his face like he already died inside alil
MapQuest... that's like an MMORPG right? XD
Yep. Old enough to know Mapquest.
Can you teach us about natral auburn hair? Ive tryed to reaserch it and keep getting the same results. It usally just gets catigorized as red but its not red. I have auburn hair and it may be a mutation but i would love to learn more about it.
The best map of earth is the earth itself
All NASA has to do is send a satellite far enough from Earth to take video of it spinning on its' axis? I'd settle for one real photo(Please don't refer me to the Apollo images). The same goes for the flat Earth.
Question about flat Earth theory tho : I can conceive that people at the head of the world (whoever it applies to) can plot to hide information from populations. Ceta/Peta/Acta/etc. is there to prove it each year with a new name. But why would hiding the fact that Earth is flat benefit them? The commercial acts I was referring to were implying more control over information as a whole and lots of moneyz in their large pockets. But lying about Earth's shape? Apart from a "good joke", it serves no purpose, and going out of their way to lose money plotting isn't in line with their leech behavior. So what gives?
just use google earth!
You said that Africa is 8 times the size of Greenland but Greenland is 2.16 million square kilometres and Africa is 30.37 million square kilometres. so more like 15 times the size.
I still use MapQuest!! ?????
1:45 Actually Africa is about 12 times larger than Greenland (30.37 million square km vs 2.6 million square km). Not 8.
Oh good lord what the fuck were those abominations of America-centred map projections at the beginning I want to puke
great
And why is north up?
Up Next: "Is Earth Actually Flat?" (Vsause).... I wonder!??
"Large areas of not map." ??
Unbelievable, people buy this nonsense? If the earth is round why don't people on the other side fall off smart guy? Obviously shill for the globe industry.
I AM OLD EN OUGH FOR MAPQUEST! Oh my god. So funny story. I was showering. And I was thinking "What ever happened to mapquest?" like earlier today, then I see this video. Lmao.
The world is a cube! The voices told me!
I thought for a long time that Sweden (I'm a Swede, that's why just Sweden) was bigger than France. In French Class they told us France was actually six (or something) times bigger than Sweden. Man I was confused! But I understood it eventually by looking on an actual globe. :)
Use Dymaxion projection. Its the most accurate.
folks, please humble yourself. there is no spin, there is no curvature, there is no space. Nasa CGI fakery is been long exposed. so...please.
I don't get why science shows care so much about flat earthers. Most people agree that the world is a sphericalish shape and for the six people that don't they aren't hurting anybody.
but kyrie said...
There's more people complaining about "flat eathers' than flat earthers themselves. You're just as annoying.
Earth is actually a pentagon
I wonder if when they were developing this series Hank and Co. said to themselves...and week 44 we'll do one on why the Earth isn't flat...
Wake up sheeple! Hank Green is just another Round-Eather shill. I heard he's funded by Monsanto. Hashtag illuminati confirmed. Hashtag flat earth 4eva. Hashtag do your research.
The Earth is fat.
Flattards are time travelers from the 13th century and still thinks the earth was flat.
Flattards are completely wrong
What if I just peeled a globe?
What about Discworld?
the earth isn't shaped like a globe it's a bit ovalrish if that makes sense
the earth is a cube.. duh.. the people who think it's a tetrohedron are crazy
How about we use globes instead of maps so we don't have to watch videos on every educational channel ever saying THIS MAP IS WRONG HERE'S WHY every other week
No love for the Robinson.
no love for the waterman butterfly?
that's why I use Google maps earth layer
A hundred Flat-Earthers disliked this video.
according to alternative facts, it is flat and it's 6,000yo
What did "The Week" magazine do for their map of Earth, in their "The World at a Glance e..." section? Hawaii isn't on it.
Actually, a flat screen showing a globe that can be manipulated in virtual 3D space is ideal when a physical globe is not available or practical and a flat viewing surface is required.
what if i told you that Earth is a rhombus....
Why does my chest sound hollow when i tap/knock on it?
Thank you for inadvertently gassing up my nostalgia drive by mentioning both MapQuest and the notability of your having mentioned MapQuest, you old fossil.
Could we not just make a map that all the land is undistorted but it doesn't give a crap about the ocean.
heresy! flat earth for life!
I give myself away youth choir
1:26 mapquest joke made me laugh
This was so incredibly satisfying... I wonder if you could use a dymaxion map - if correctly arranged and maybe with a higher triangle resolution for navigation... so worth a try...
But if our universe is flat, then our world must also be flat. Also, if you were a particle of light your view of the earth as you passed it would be flat from your perspective
What about the brand new AuthaGraph Projection, first published in 2016?: http://blogs.discovermagazine.com/d-brief/2016/11/03/most-accurate-world-map/#.WL4cOfJDT4a
shots @ kyrie irving (and others) ??
Love this video, wish you had made it when I was in college! I studied Geography/GIS (Geographic Information Systems), and I now work in GIS and make maps for a living. I <3 maps.
You guys all say "flat earthers", yet i have not once met anyone in my life that thought earth was flat. You guys says "flat earthers" like they actually exist. Give me an example of someone who thinks earth is flat nowadays
@ Kyrie Irving
Man he went off script at the end there. Nice surprise
Preach on Hank, preach on!
I paid over a couple hundred dollars to learn this in college.
Physics question: what would happen if enough electrons were introduced to override the strong force. Basically, could electromagnetic force be stronger than the strong force. If it did could it split the atom?
Earth is actually triangular. Not many people know this.
How odd. Just yesterday I watched the episode of West Wing that addressed this issue and thought "This would be a good subject for Sci Show.". Are you guys spying on me? O_o
Didn't I watch something like this a couple months ago?
who downvotes this? lol, they should do a video on it
Are flat-earthers really that much of a thing? I've never actually seen one.
Earth is a flat
Flat earth people are some stupid people are so stupid. The earth is round. They think the Antarctica is the edge. If that were true then we would have found it. All COuntries can go there right now and check for themselves. It's not hard to fly over Antarctica rite now
Do not trust in science that is manipulated by men's agendas. Instead put your faith and trust in Jesus Christ the only one who can save your soul and answer all of your questions. God bless.
has anyone ever met an atheist that was a flat earther?
I think the flat-earthers are just sad little people who desperately need attention.
Love, Love, LOVE the jab you take at the insane flat-earth "believers". Thanks for standing up for, ya know, sanity and the rational scientific method.
The earth is a globe but i can see a city 60 miles away even tho the math of the globe says it should be 400ft below the horizon. Huh. Then again most people wont know of the tests that have been done to show this because condemnation without investigation is the height of ignorance.
and as always, thanks for watching...
Thank god it's Hank. Btw, where is Michael?
The earth is flat on a map
There are probably more people today who believe in a flat Earth, than there were 1000 years ago.
@kyrieirving
3:53 duck map = best map
All sources from Wikipedia
If the Earth was flat - you'd be able see all planet surface just looking at horizon, but since it is not flat you can't see an Eiffel Tower sitting your ass at 'merica . If you stupid but somehow rich, you could just fly to space and look by yourself then :D
Africa is 14x greenland, not 8x.
My wife and I were talking about how the person in the front passenger seat is effectively the Co-Pilot, and bears such responsibilities. We were talking about MapQuest at one point. :x
Why can't we just make everything the right size and shape separately and then piece everything together onto a map
False: the earth is a pentagon :3
Wait, flat earthers are actually a thing? I thought that it was just a giant in-joke.
So you say the earth is not flat, because it has no edges? Of course it has no edges, a flat torus doesn’t have any edges. Also if you go in any direction you come back to where you started eventually. Just like on a torus.
Very cool!
Can I?
I don't care what people think, if the earth was a circle I would fall so it's flat
Looking at you Kyrie Irving
ahem Kyrie Irving ahem
"Are you old enough for that?" sounds really dirty :D
I don't know if you guys will read my comment but here it goes. Have you guys heard of the Japanese company Authagraph. I've read it back in 2014 (I think) that they made the most accurate map in the world by eliminating the 4 corners. I'd love to hear your take on this.
The West Wing did it better like 15 years ago.
But is a digital recreation of a globe (like Google Earth) less accurate than a globe?
All the dislikes are the one who think is the earth is flat and their brain is a walnut
flat earth shills
i stopped watching this channel for a while because of the cringey hosts... please use hank more often scishow!
Judt use gogle maps.
I used to believe the Earth was flat. Everyone told me to take a trip to space because of how ignorant I sounded. Thanks to my friends, I discovered the Earth is a pyramid.
Why do people think the earth is round? It makes me so angry
Give me a hammer big enough and a place to stand then you could squish the world! Mua ha ha ha ha!
"The Earth isn't flat?" Sorry, I thought this was the SciShow, not the "Brainwashed By The Government" Show.
I'm lost in the huge area of not map. Hahahaha
I'm old enough for Mapquest, Hank. Also, the Flat Earth Society does have their own Twitter. Yikes.
Nobody actually thinks the world is flat. People claiming that are all attention seekers, it's one of the oldest forms of trolling.
Here's a thought: If you were brainwashed, you would not know. And yes, there are plenty of great examples of it. It is a well known fact now that saturated fat is an extremely important nutrient. Yet some people who have believed otherwise their entire life are now incapable of being taught this truth. People need to be more open minded, especially while they're young. No idea is unworthy of investigation, and it doesn't make you a fool to investigate even the craziest of claims, if you care to. My point: I do not know if the earth is flat, but in no way does it make me intelligent if i laugh at this claim, and dismiss it; especially if a great deal of people believe it. Always look at the facts objectively, and then make an informed decision. You will be very surprised with what you learn. Cheers :)
I got a science question for you Mr. Scientist. Can you have an object move after enough in space that it makes objects of greater mass orbit them? Like what if the moon just suddenly orbiting earth to an insane degree faster, would Earth thenn start to orbit itt? Basically I got into a deep conversation with someone who was baked and I need answers.
great vid great vidgreat vid great vidgreat vid great vidgreat vid great vidgreat vid great vid
THE EARTH IS FLAT! WHY CAN'T YOU UNDERSTAND THAT!?
The Flat Earth Society has members all around the globe !
Flat earthers make my brain hurt. I could smash my head against a wall for hours and still not be stupid enough to believe that crap.
Of course the Earth's not flat, it's not even level.
Lol @ 3:51
Screw you, the world IS flat! That's why if you travel in a straight direction for too long, you will eventually return to the same spot you started from, just like Pac-Man. Proof, bitches!
lol mapquest XD when people printed out directions
Idiots saying the earth is flat. It's clearly a dodecahedron.
Darn flat earthes.
You realise all the flat earth posts on twitter are jokes, right?
Why not just cut the back of the earth and then cut it at every parralel
SciShow is paid off by Big Globe. There ain't no globe earth. It's all lies. Don't drink your tap water. That's how they get you.
80 guys think that the earth is flat xd
1:47 Whats going on with the captions? WHO DO I BELIEVE
Damn round earth shill. I thought ScoShow was about REAL science. But seriously.. good video keep it up.
Uncle Drew does not approve.
Do it on a globe than
wait... wasn't the earth a triangle?
I only know the world is not flat because I learned it in history class. I wouldn't know if I hadn't learned it in history class
you shd hv included the West Wing excerpt that I'd guess started many on the road to "me-and-my-browser can become an authority on anything". Wasnt that the Peter's Projection?
the earth isn't a sphere, it isn't flat either. And it's not a cube (for you Minecraft nerds) it's actually a geoid.
LIES THE EARTH IS FLAT THIS IS NASA PROPAGANDA
I've seen some really interesting projections that, rather than going for accuracy, distort different countries based on things like population or wealth. So, for example, more populated countries are made larger and less populated ones made smaller.
Greenland is actually about 14 times smaller than Africa, not 8.
and there is the American map that shows only the USA
You can't make the earth round*
You're just brainwashed by the Illuminati. ??
And yet, the Earth isnt round too XD
The earth is flat, at least mathematically if you travel fast enough. If you do not travel fast enough, its round... like a pancake.. if inflated to the shape of a slightly asymmetrical ball.
The Mercator projection does not preserve large shapes (Greenland is an obvious example), it preserves small shapes, rhumb lines, and linear scale around any point.
I'm a fan of the Dymaxian projection. I like seeing how the land mass sizes compare to each other.
Obviously, you haven't read The World is Flat by Thomas L. Friedman. LOL!
member map quest? ya, i member! I member map quest!
No love for the Gall-Peters projection?
"Huge area of not map" - Hank 2017 This is 100% scientific.
Why is there an accurate map around my anus?
But if the earth isnt flat, why is the horizon flat ..... All these scientists constantly trying to lie to us ... smh
Once you learn the earth is flat you cant even understand the concept of a flat earth it hurts my brain. I also grew up offshore fishing the Atlantic ocean its pretty evident out there. 13 miles out the land disappears behind the earth.
Where my flat earthers????
Aint this video already been made?
Earth is flat, because flat is justice!
I CHALLENGE SCISHOW TO MAKE A CONVINCING ARGUMENT VIDEO THAT THE EARTH IS FLAT FOR APRIL FOOLS DAY.
4:03 "It would be really nice if everybody agreed with that sentence." Haha, a nice underhanded remark
"huge areas of NOT map" lmao
The current best flat map is the quad authagraph map (it's 4 authagraph maps stuck together)
Loved that snarky comment at the end toward the "flat Earth believers" ^^
Glad he didn't mention the 'flat earth map' with Antarctica around the boarder of the circular map. It's probably the dymaxion with the empty spaces filled with water. xD
I still use map quest as my GPS. Its free and windows phones are limited on apps.
Can somebody explain me the anus jokes?
I'd love if SCI Show did a mini series debunking science conspiracy theories ie: flat earth, Mandela effect, etc.
lovin' the sass in this one, haha
I don't think you've made me laugh so hard before, hank. (In a good way)
I am not into geography too much, but this was one of the best episodes in my opinion :)
MAP QUEST OMG WHY AM I OLD NOW
Is there water in the background?
you never once showed the flat Earth map. at the very least you could have pointed out why it was inaccurate.
LPT: Make spherical maps
hold on a second, flat earthers are real? me timbers have been shivered...
Why is there flat earth around my anus?
Very simple problem to solve. Draw your maps on a sphere (or oblate spheroid for the pedantic) - just like the old globes.
But the Earth is flat...... nah, just kidding
Flat earthtards are just going to say Sci Show is a part of the conspiracy. That they're getting some of that globe money lol
Equatorical projection looks coolest
The earth isn't flat?! Inconceivable!
Africa is 14 times bigger than Greenland not 8 times.
The frustration is real.
flat earth in 2017 lul
the earth is pizza slice shaped!
What's map quest?
Why is europe/africa at the center of these maps ?
Winkel Tripel is best map.
using eye tracking, sensitive touch input it and faster graphics rendering it could become common to use the original 3d version through a 2d screen.
Can anyone else hear the background noise? I hear it every scishow video now
what if we just made a video map?
a globe. just as I thought.
Let's use Google earth and have spherical map
close up to Hank's face "How old are you? Are you old enough for that?" Creepy!
They're called Alternative Maps... DUH.
Reality is an illusion. The universe is a hologram. Buy gold.
watch your words hank,FES is watching...
66 flat-earthers
Make a series called PseudoSciShow Premise: Take some pseudoscience and present it with the arguments for it for then to refute the arguments with proper science... Motivation: It can be hard for people without a high enough level of science literacy to refute some pseudoscience on their own.
India has Lhasa and regions of Tibet that ancient map of India is not complete
The Authagraph map remains my favorite. Infinitely tiles as well. It's like the Dimaxion, but better.
Reminds me of xkcd. Randall loves his projections.
holy shit you guys get 21k a month just from patreon.
Thank you so much for discussing this without mentioning the Gall-Peters Projection.
Hah! projecting much?
Missed out the waterman butterfly :( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/7/70/Waterman_projection_%28Pacific_centered%29.jpg/1024px-Waterman_projection_%28Pacific_centered%29.jpg
I really liked this video, and I really appreciate how when talking about Mercator Projection you didn't go into a tirade about European Imperialism. Not that I have any experience in perhaps an AP Human Geography Class.
what's the bio sex of the worlds map?
Outside of globe, i like Winkel Tripel the most. Right set of compromises.
SciShow you missed this one! https://www.wired.com/2016/11/weird-globe-folding-map-isnt-perfect-close/
so earth is not flat!? no way! :o
Is Hank really saying "long*t*itude"?
1:27 steve buscemi
But the earth is already flat. there is no problem to begin with
As a geographer, people's lack of understanding of maps and the spread of misinformation about things like the Mercator map and strange conspiracy theories regarding it, I'm glad this video was made. Thank you.
But, without the Flat Earther's who would I troll online when I feel the need; the need to troll ??
is flat earth is real ?
Didn't mention my favorite projection, the Waterman butterfly
The Earth is flat, dont let the Nasa BS fool you! WAKE UP SHEEPLE GOD CREATED THIS WORD NOT A EXPLOSION
check out my mice cam live streaming now.
Guys the Earth is obviously a cube anyone who has played Minecraft would know
I went on a flat Earth channel (its called Eric Dubay) to try to argue with the flattards and see what made them tick. and all the "evidence" the glat Earthers puts in their videos are completely false, easy to debunk, ect. Yet almost every person in the comments talk about how they ruin their lives trying to convince other people the world is flat. Most of the time I argue with people, after going back a few times they just stop responding because they know they can't beat someone like me with a good understanding of physics and gravity. But they still beileve the Earth is flat. Its crazy
"Earths not flat!" Turns out we're in a simulated 2D Universe that is falsely projected as 3D, so when we die we come out of the program and go "oh, it is flat"
Can I send you my hand-drawn map of the World?
I'm not saying it's aliens... ...but it's our poor understanding of geography.
I do not agree what that sentence.
Cut the world in half at the equator, and draw each hemisphere as an observer would see it high about the poles.
Me! Me! I am old enough for that! I know what map quest is!
So, when splitting the globe up into segments and then stretching it, why not make multiple copies where the different splits are in different places, and then only use the least distorted segments and piece them together. for instance where it's cut along the meridian and flattened, do this multiple time, but by rotating the globe so that the equator and meridians are in different places, doing this multiple times, until eventually the map's north pole when split is in like, mexico, and then take the mid-section of each map and splice them together with their 'true' latitude and longitude. This will result in the least distortion and a square map. and when I say least distortion I mean, instead of having some parts not distorted and others very distorted, instead you get a universal amount of minor distortion on the whole map. that minor distortion means not as good for fine navigation, like, you might be aiming for brooklyn and end up in queens, rather than, you're aiming for southern greenland and hit the arctic circle.
I really like the last line. "if everybody agreed to that" :D
SERIOUSLY. I CAN'T BELIEVE YOU DIDN'T SHOW A PACIFIC CENTRED MAP. It's like the second most used map in the world. Shaaaaaaaaaaaaaame.
No love for the waterman butterfly? I am disappointed... ;)
how come they don't distort the oceans? plot everything correctly and draw the latitude longitude correctly over it. Idk how that will look, can't find anything
Yes, its called a globe
"It's be really nice if everyone could agree with that sentence" LOL!!
So, Flat Earthers... I know some of you are unfortunately out there somewhere reading this very comment... NASA never lies and the government is our honest to god friend(Seriously, it's comprised only of honest individuals whose intentions are entirely pure)! Drink the "koolaid" and come be normal like us :p
Can we send a video to draymond green because he said AND I QUOTE "Yeah I agree with Kyrie, think about it. If the earth wasn't flat HOW would we stand on it" and to kyrie because he thinks the world is flat and dinosaurs never existed
Earth is flat. Ask a photon. You'll see. (Not trolling, its a physics joke.)
hey guys try this out. flex you ears so they are up and back. next close your eyes and focus all of your attention to the back of your head where the spine meets the base of the skull. let me know if you feel it
C.J. Cregg is digging this video.
yay mapquest!
Have you personally seen with your on eyes the earth from outer space ? Or you just 101% believe anything THEY say ?
love science & skepticism. debunk all bullshit! know what is knowable. :D
All due respect, you forgot polyconic projections. They're used in extremely high and low latitudes because of the earth's curvature toward the poles. Imagine placing a cone over the top of our planet (like a dunce cap). The parts of the paper cap that will touch the earth are then cut our (as projections) and used. Polyconics are used to navigate the Great Lakes.
we just need to stop acknowledging people's video's/posts about the world being flat cause they believe. there's enough proof for those who actually want to check/look for the truth, it's not hard to find. plus it's backed up by scientists, not conspiracy theorist.
Lol mapquest
Peirce Quincuncial is hands down my favorite map projection.
Great video as always! I had an idea for a video topic: Human (animal) Fingernails/ toenails. Nails. What's the deal with nails? :)
The caption at 1:49 is not correct. It says that Africa is 14 times bigger than greenland, while in the video it's said to be 8 times.
Am I the only one here who over used Map quest?
Weird to see Brett Keane at the end of this video.
WHY DO I HAVE MAPS IN MY ANUS?
How come there are flat earthers around m-- oh screw it
"Websites like MapQuest. How old are you? Are you old enough for that?"
3:32 icosahedron
videos like these are the reason im subscribed do more stuff like this alot of your other recent videos seem like your running out of decent ideas
It is so odd that you are releasing this video now. I just saw this the other day on VOX, but that video is from december, and it contains almost exactly the same information.
Makes me think of the cartography scene in the west wing.
Map quest represent!
Is there life on the bottom of the flat earth?
mapquest wasn't THAT long ago, was it? WAS IT?
Also, even the globe is not perfectly accurate. The Earth's real shape is an oblate ellipsoid. It is bigger around the equator, and kind of bulges out in the middle. Think of the Earth as having a beer belly, or looking slightly pregnant. It's not perfectly round like a globe is.
"flat Earth believers" ..I just want to get in on the fun
Man sad to see scishow promote some fake ass round earth shit. It was a ploy mad my the soviets during the cold war to make sure they had an advantage. The earth is obviously flat and it's seriously just to see scishow do this. I though they were credible guess not. I'm unsubbing btw I don't wanna follow fake shit.
why about scishow psychology
Actually, the Web Mercator is used for Google Maps, and other online maps used for navigation.
Is there an actual significant amount of flat earthers or are they just mostly trolls?
Another liberal propaganda piece paid for by the Clintons. I KNOW the world is flat. I have seen proof that all the photos, and pictures, and measurements are all falsified. And the billions of people who have seen that the world is round, are ALL lizard people working under mind-control of the Illuminati. Trump is the only politician not corrupted by our martian overlords. big ol' bait xD
take that flat earthers the world is fu**ing flat as the great Neal deGrasse Tyson once said this is called gravity (drops mic)
"How old are you. You old enough for that?" ~ Hank
the earth is flat. and jesus made earth. FUCK PEOPLE WHO SAY THIS
fuck those people thinking that the only reason mercator is used is because europe looks big and africa looks small. suck my ass.
no
What about the Authagraph projection?
It's cold and flat outside.
“THE FLAT EARTH SOCIETY HAS MEMBERS ALL AROUND THE GLOBE” - Flat Earth Society Member
The 1921 version was satisfactory.
no mention of great circles? which is what the Mercator Projection is particularly useful for. I suppose it isnt direct to the topic and would take a min or 2 to explain so fair enough. I guess.
Too many hand gestures.
mapquest? :)
Why do they make Africa so small on the map it's freaking HUGE
Your map at 1:11 is a little dated? By about 107 years from the look of it.
There was a game on the PS1 where you were a jet... or a space ship.. I don't know... You controlled a plane shaped thing that flew around different planets with objectives like destroy the train before it gets to X or find the thing that's crash landed, anyways, the point is you had a map, and on this map if you went all the way to the left you came out on the right, and if you went down you came out up, but it was a flat square map. Very nice. Anyways, that was a nice game, no idea what the name of it was... I haven't seen a map projection of our planet that does that. What would you put in the middle? could you fit it into a square or would it be some sort of rectangular thing? Possibly an 8. I don't know.
bu....but you missed the Waterman Butterfly map projection. It's so pretty and mostly useless.
scishow you're making me smart
It's flat dude. Huge conspiracy. Total fact. People on YouTube told me so and I stand by it. Moon is a hologram and Saturn is where Satan lives.
Thanks for giving zero credence to that god-awful Gall-Peters the Sorkin-diehard hipsters are always raving about.
I hope that last little bit was foreshadowing of an upcoming episode on flat-earthers.
Amazing vid, as usual! Although isn't this geography and not science?
Its flat I know it but it must be one of the platonic solids.
But we can take a flat image of a part of the Earth from a satellite looking down... couldn't you just stitch a bunch of those together?
52 people are from the Flat Earth Society
Hank, Africa is actually more than 14 times larger than Greenland (30.3 million sq. km vs. 2.17 million), not 8x.
"huge areas of not map" -Hank Green 2k17
I remember Mapquest
The world is flat DUMBASS ????
someone should make kyrie irving watch this
tl;dw: no, you cannot. Buy a globe.
Wait wait wait wait.... The world isn't flat? Are you sure? I mean.... I've seen the ocean.... it ends....
My favorite map projection is the "Goode homolosine projection". It's called the "orange-peel map" because it has distinguished parts of it that resemble a range peel. I like it because of its compromise of global area. It doesn't look too weird, and it's very useful.
Flat Earthers are still too high in dimension to truly understand earth. Earth is not a 2 dimensional construction, but rather, a single dimension linear existence for which our simple minds perceive as three dimensional.
The earth is actually banana-shaped.
"'Around my anus' jokes" = "The Earth is flat"
I just want to ask flat earth believers to go to the edge of the world and take pics. See what they come up with.
i keep wondering /// what if you just forced all distances to be accurate on a flat surface
Twenty-sided die? I've never heard it called that. Isn't it easier just to use its actual name: icosahedron? Its one of the only five regular solids possible in Euclidean space.
But we all know white people use that map so they make Africa look smaller and their countries bigger
I'm really against genocide, but flatearthers make me think twice.
Russia big !
How old are you
Is it me or did every American learning channel make a video about this?
You have to be at a new level of ignorance to think the Earth is flat. To be more fair though, they are technically correct when they say the Earth isn't a sphere because it is an oblate spheroid.
Why yes, Hank, I am old enough to have used Mapquest. Thanks for making me feel like a crusty old hag today ??
love this
too bad, many people here starting to think the earth is flat and because of religious reasons
Why doesn't long hair get as tangled or knotted as wires do?
This reminds me of that Vox video recently.....?
Caught a mistake: At 1:50 the subtitles say "Nearly 14 times" But Hank says 8 times ps, the Subtitles are correct
the earth is a hollow cube
haha shout out to map quest :D
I know people who truly believe that the Earth is flat. Get angry and everything when you try to explain to them the Earth is round. Only in America.
the Earth was flat until your mom was buried.
The Earth is obviously a pentagram.
Flat Earth denier.
I had a cartographer once tell me "You couldn't possibly draw the continents accurately on a flat surface!" but I think he was just projecting.
Hank have you even watched an Eric dubey video?
I just use Google Earth. Problem solved.
Yes, I am old enough for mapquest.
43 Flat Earthers disliked this video.
visit my channel,i am beggining in youtube and i have many nice videos
Do a vid on eye contacts please
no, I mean I've never tried it, but I probably can't
jeeze mapquest?! was it really so long ago?
the world we know isn't real everbody quick raid your medicine cabinet for red and blue pills... nurse: doctor whats wrong with the patient? doc: he seems to have taken too much viagra and tylonal. nurse: will he be okay? doc: no, hes in a coma and has had an allergic reaction to the viagra his dick is now permanently 12 inchs... Wide.
I FORGOT MAPQUEST EXISTED DAMN I FEEL OLD
waterman butterfly
Wait, there are actually people that believe the world is flat?! Now THAT is something I can't believe^^ So they've never been to a beach then? Coz I certainly have been and I could not see the land on the other side, not even with my glasses on :D
Who remembers printing out directions from map quest?
yes i remember mapquest
Yes, you can have an accurate map. Just make a map in the shape of a sphere.
No love for the Pierce-quincuncial projection? It's got almost all the benefits of the Dymaxion projection without any fixed discontinuities.
I remember my mom using map quest on her iPhone 3G
I dont quite understand the issue here...yes if you take a sphere and flatten it it'll distort the image, but, we know the sizes of the continents and we know their distances from eacjother, so draw them to their proper scale and place them in proper relation to eachother. Whats wrong here?
Umm... If the earth is a sphere, then how come people below the "equator" don't just fall off? Flat earth confirmed.
I know mapquest! I am old enough!
use a mini globe
But the earth is flat
What about a map that makes the world look like a disk? It's what the flat earthers use. If you disregard it's relation to them, I'm sure it has some good map qualities
best video you have hosted glasses dude
Sometimes i feel like these guys just shorten Vsauce videos
why not just have 7 or so circular projections (one for each continent), as it would look from space? the edges of each one would be distorted due to being on the side of the sphere, but if you wanted to see that area of the globe, you would just look at the corresponding projection
He's talking about UTM coordinates. Universal Transverse Mercator. It's pretty much the gold standard in GPS coordinates.
Why is there earth around my anus?
Oswald Winkel sounds like a euphemism for flashing a moon. "....so I gave them the old 'Oswald Winkel', to show my distaste at their authority"
Africa is almost exactly 14 times the area of Greenland, not 8 (Africa is 11.7 million square miles, Greenland is 836000 square miles).
you and the flat earthers tho
Good old Map Quest.
Nice reverse psychology on the flat earthers. Get some of their clicks shhhh.
i love my framed BFI Dymaxion map-poster!
Like just for the Mapquest reference
I just wanted to make a map of my neighborhood ??
"Incidentally my liege, that is how we know the earth to be banana shaped." - Sir Bedivere the Wise.
I HAVE A QUESTION! Ok so... How come I was better in social interactions when I was younger? and now I have, social anxiety, and well any other thing that separates me from social life... and when I was younger I was WAY more of an extrovert than an introvert, and now I am an introvert. WHATS UP WITH THAT?!
Respek mah ahpinion. This sphereical earth thang is a lie. /s
Guys, we just need to say "MAP" three times to find our way!
No you are so mistaken .Lookat the un flag map and the us navy flag
"What your favorite map projection says about you" https://xkcd.com/977/
did you just copy and paste the script from the Vox videos
but what if you can flatten an orange peel cuz i can
you can if youre going the speed of light
But... but... recent studies suggested that the Universe is flat... therefore... Earth.
always follow directions from Les. "the road Les travelled"
please make a video on all the things we could/should agree with, flat world, distance on the earth, etc...
Flat Earthers make me want to throw something lol
how about new standard map of the world 1892 can you explain that ?
we are in 2017, for fuck sake, Cant we have 3d maps now. Fucking hipsters trying to hold back the world
Or I could just get a globe?
i went to Saskatchewan once, pretty flat.
Didn't Vox make a video on this like last week?
this is so great, last month I watched a vox video about this and now scishow is talking about the same thing
When a video like this can be made and West Wing is not referenced then I know I've gotten old.
37 flat earthers disliked this video
Waterman Butterfly projection few!
I remember mapquest
All the dislikes are just flat earth idiots ??????
I like the map on the UN's flag
OK I love this. I'm a geography minor and a geographic information science major and this is a huge thing for me. Also, Mercator can suck it
"how old are you? You old enough for that? Hope Wall street journal don't claim hank for a paedophile...
all these videos about maps, not one mentioning Gauss's theorema egregium. :,(
It WOULD be really nice if everyone agreed with that sentence.
Why not just make two circular maps of the northern and southern hemispheres
If the earth is really round, why don't the people in Asia fall off?!
a globe der
if the world is flat where are the edges?
The earth may not be flat, but my last girlfriend was most definitely, flat. Pirates delight, carpenters dream. A sunken chest, flat as a board. Founder and leading member of the ibtc. Her ass made up for it though.
If you go to Google maps and select the satellite version, head to Australia and then go up and to the right... Suddenly you get a view of one hemisphere of the Earth which, except for tiny islands, is nothing but water. The other side of the globe is only half land though... because the Earth is only 1/4 land...
This video was targeted at Kyrie Irving
OMG so Earth is like a sphere??? Who knew...
i love scishow very much but on this topic vsauce made a vid way more interesting. i think its called "what does the earth look like" . i hope im not being rude for the scishow crew.
how do ppl really believe the earth is flat? I can't understand their 15th century thinking.
I've watched the West Wing, I know these... but if Mapquest uses that form, does Rand McNally too?
I heard someone say maps. I got maps for yah...
When do you ever need the whole world on a flat map though, really?
i hope kyrie irving sees this hehe
Maybe it's even harder to make the world round ??
The flat thing isn't a silly trolling attention depraved poor excuse for a gag?!?!
can you make map of my dick
Which group is crazier? Flat Earthers or people who believe distorted maps is an evil plot of the white man?
The Earth is not flat or a globe. It's a Line, Obviously. 3D and 2D are a myth.
3:22 "shows that the Earth isn't flat" In your face flat Earthers.
The earth is flat.
I prefer to bring a globe on my road trips
Lol "How old are you, are you old enough for that"
Or ya know you could buy a globe...
There are still ppl thinking the earth is flat? xD
MAPQUEST.
http://mentalfloss.com/article/88138/more-accurate-world-map-wins-prestigious-japanese-design-award
I think this is what you call controlled opposition.
We only use physical maps now for small areas of land where the curve of the earth does not matter to us in a significant way. Everyone uses digital representations of the earth on their phones for maps which actually should be the most accurate to a globe because the phone usually scrolls across a 3D representation in the coding like when using google earth I think.
3D print the geography and oceans of the world to impresive detail in pieces like a puzzle
Mapquest still gives better directions than Google Maps for long distance travel. Just sayin
i was not old enough for that
without flat earthers we wouldnt have anyone to clean out the fryers, clean out the sewer pipes, spray harmful chemicals, pick up road kill to make pet food...we need these people that dont think because if they did they wouldnt do those jobs for us
Just old enough to recognize Mapquest, just barely too young to have used it for myself. ;P
It's crazy there's still people who think the earth is flat even nowadays.
You should have Eddie Bravo on, He'll set you straight on this!
4:00 I see that you did there
Wow, Hank got really sassy in this one :P
why cant you just draw every country the exact size it is on flat paper, just making the scale a lot smaller?
What about the Waterman Butterfly?
I feel like I've seen this before.
why cant you just draw every country the exact size it is on flat paper, just making the scale a lot smaller? if greenland is 10 cm long irl, just make is 1cm long on the map. Sure it'll be a large map but it'll be accurate!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Kyrie Irving doesn't approve of this video
oh no... here come the flat earthers....
Hey Hank, SciShow here.
I guess [number of dislikes] Flat-Earthers didn't appreciate your jokes.
of course it's flat. how else would the turtle carry it on it's back?
only the complete imbeciles believe that at earth is flat, despite a millennia's worth of evidence.
Possibly the only applicable use of Vector calculus
cough cough kyrie cough cough
love mas andre glodes
I'm waiting for a Saturday morning Trump tweet declaring round earth theorists to being false news.
Not a two-dimensional one. Globes are the only world "maps" that show all landmasses and countries in their correct scale.
You can tell he's really annoyed with flat-earthers
The best is a globe - and not a picture of a globe, which is an azimuthal projection), but a real globe. Anyone got a working holographic display yet? However, a globe suffers in that the viewer is not being able to see more than half the Earth at any time. Side-by-side comparison of, say, England and Japan is impossible without using two globes. Nothing is perfect, ll is compromise. Undertanding is the best solution.
I can't but Piri Reis can
But globes imply that the earth is spherical, which it is not.
1:51 Africa is not eight times the size of Greenland. It's more like fourteen times the size. Africa is about 30 million square kilometres, compared to the 2.1 million square kilometres that is Greenland.
@1:50 CC dont agree with what Hank is saying
While all you guys are roasting flat earthians, I'm perplexed that the americas perfectly resemble a duck.
Remember when your biggest pet peeve was the flat earthers? I miss those days.
How about Peter'S projection?
But why are there accurate maps around my anus?
What do maps and fish have in common? They both have scales
Since you all are on a map kick, could you do a GIS episode?
Shout out to map quest, which is only relevant when describing how old you are.
all you need is a basic understanding of the physical world to know no celestial body could ever be flat.
Did anyone watch Vox version of this video?
Eventually, it all comes down to peanut butter, right?
https://www.xkcd.com/977/
I actually saw this sentence once: "The flat earth society has members around the globe" Notice the irony?
"How old are you? Old enough for that?" excuse me
it's a disc on the backs of 4 elephants, on the back of a space turtle. duuuh
I am always fascinated by maps and how they influence how we see the world. Great topic scishow!!
You don't spell triple "tripel" in german. This word does not exist in that way. There is only the word "dreifach". It might be a latin derived word though.
Great video. Though you missed the whole Northern Hemisphere bias projections that tend to be so common that distort the Northern hemisphere to make it look bigger than the Southern hemisphere. I bring it up due to how changing a map projection can have serious social and political implications. Like the kid who made a Australia on top map, and was horribly attacked for his fun poke at the whole N is up S is down bias. He did it as a little fun and just to see what it would look like, but it got a lot of people horribly angry to suddenly see their northern country "on the bottom". It made them feel inferior and subordinate to the countries now on the "top", so very upset at this role reversal.
Im surprised i havent seen a comment asking, "Why is there an accurate map around my anus?" or something like it
seems the flat earth society has downvoted this video
I miss when the SCISHOW videos where fresh and original and not just EXACT copies of other smaller youtubers. This channel is looking more every day to dnews
You guys are so stupid the earth isn't flat or a sphere it's obviously a cube, the government has been lying to you all this time
You ever get the sense that Europe and Asia are the Alien queen? Think about it. Spain and Portugal are the head, Italy is the arm. Sweden and Norway are the tail and Russia and the rest of Asia are the egg sack. Anyone... or is it just me?
There are flat-earthers as far as the eye can see.
1:26 creepiest two seconds of sci show
Do a Tesla mini-series covering all his inventions and discoveries. this post will be posted on all future videos until we get the mini-series or response.
The world is actually a doughnut. MMmMmmmm doughnuts.
I've never been so uncomfortable in a scishow video @1:27.
Goes witch hunting in the comments for flat earthers
I CAN flatten an orange peel though! Grabs industrial press
The Earth is undeniably flat. SciShow is FAKE NEWS!!!! DONT LET THEM FOOL YOU IDIOTS!!! They are apart of the New World Order and they are lying to you.
And your high school teachers probably told you that the map was made this way to make Europe look bigger than Africa.
yes you can create an accurate map... in 3D
But why is there not an accurate map of my anus? Trolling aside, why hasn't there been any expeditions through Antarctica? Like, I've seen plenty around it but none through it. Or at least haven't heard of any.
Where is the banana dude with: "Why are there maps around my anus?" ?
You forgot to mention Transverse Mercator, intentionally I trust. Yes, there isn't any World maps in TM so it's actually out of the scope of this video.
Wouldn't a globe makes some distortions too considering it doesn't bulge out at the equator as the earth does?
there's nothing up there
Why is there a mercator projection around my anus
The "Round" earth conspiracy is the one of the greatest of all time, obviously the earth is a flat disk just like everything else that is spinning at high speeds in space. To assume that it is round actually makes no sense whatsoever.
Question to all of the flat-earthers: are you sure the north pole is really in the centre and not the south pole?
"And the 'Tripel' in the map name, is not a last name, it's just how you spell Tripel in german". Ok, but what is Tripel in German???
I want nothing distorted. And world peace. And a pony.
I create software that uses many GIS concepts with LiDAR. I had to teach myself about projections while on the job (software engineer). It's a very difficult field, and I have a huge deal of respect for the mathematicians, cartographers, and GIS individuals who make it all work. I've recently discovered the flat earther fad and took a look. I never comment on the videos because it most likely won't matter - I think it's funny that this video hinted at how ridiculous they are though. This is what I wanted to comment on their videos saying: If the earth was flat, how would the math I had to implement to convert coordinate system A to coordinate system B work to begin with (it's accurate down to a millimeter)? The math is indisputable. I appreciate SciShow covering this topic!
THIS EPISODE WAS SO GOOD, NOT THE NEUTERED STUFF THAT SCISHOW HAD BECOME
Awwwwww, no Waterman Butterfly? XKCD has made me unreasonably upset about this
Mollweide.
Fun fact: The Mercator projection doesn't give the shortest distance from A to B, but gives the compass heading you should maintain to get from A to B. Taking the shortest route is typically more complicated as the compass heading changes on the journey. Self Promo: For anyone interested, I did a video recently on how the flat earth map can actually be used to disprove the flat earth theory.
How about if yoooou, put it on a piece of paper?
thanks for not parroting that "Mercator = RACIST!" nonsense.
The flat Earth society has a lot of thinkers around the globe...
I waited for the important mention of Hajime Narukawa. :/
Best Screenshot of SciShow: http://prnt.sc/eggmgz
Fake news. Sad.
I always use MapQuest for my dopest routes.
It's you crazy "Round" Earth fanatics, always trying to wrap our nice flat planet around a sphere that are causing all the confusion, grow up people! Kappa!
Umm, the captions say that Africa is 14 times larger than Greenland, but Hank said it was 8 times as large.
I dropped the newly Seeker assimilated D News and kept SciShow. Stay independent folks!
So this is basically the Vsauce video about this topic but in short.
I have never actually seen a so called 'flat earther' in all my life, other than people parodying them. At this point I'm 60% convinced it is all a conspiracy in order to make me believe that humans are dumber than they are. And I'm going to keep believing that, because the alternative is too depressing.
If I were ever to meet a flat earther, I'd ask them to take me to the edge. If we ever got there, I'd push them off the edge. Mainly because they'd have spent the entire trip telling my how NASA faked the moon landing.
Mapquest? How young do you think we are?
Most maps are in fact racist and eurocentric as they make northern (white) areas much bigger than the minority areas like Africa. Maps were designed by white dudes for white dudes, so it's not surprising. UGH smh
Balderdash! The actual problem is that you cannot accurately represent the flat Earth in an oblate spheroid projection.
vsauce did it better xkcd 977
Mandatory relevant xkcd: https://xkcd.com/977/
Where's the good homosline?
What if I get a big boot and step on it?
I clicked on this to make a joke about flat Earthers, and Hank basically killed it in 3 seconds.
i wonder if someone has published a book that is maps of the world but in various projections, like on the left page is a projection and the right page is some information about the projection, like it's inaccuracies, it's common use and how it was developed. i would buy that book in a heartbeat if it existed
Flat-Earthers be triggered
I'm starting to be disappointed in humanity by people thinking the earth is flat. it's round-ish.
The flat Earth society has members all over the globe.
HANK IS ILLUMINATI
1:48 turn on captions
Thank you for not doing the thing that people so often do where they crap all over the Mercator projection as a useless projection and as a tool of imperialism blah blah blah. It's actually a really great map projection that I didn't fully appreciate until recently.
well 13 people do believe that the Earth is flat... FacePalm......
I like the dimaxion and the waterman butterfly
Vox already made a video on this subject.
I'm old enough for MapQuest
Mapquest was a waste of paper
Kryie Irving disagrees
The mercator projection only preserves small shapes. This is also true of all conformal maps; the mercator projection is actually famous because it makes rhumb lines (lines of constant bearing, what you call lines of true direction) straight. TBH, having rhumb lines straight doesn't help at all for modern non-compass navigation for which it's just as good as any other conformal projection. The real reason Mercator's used in those cases is that the US is weirdly attached to it; most of the rest of the world uses various compromise projections.
The flat earth society has members all around the globe.
"the earth is not flat" what kind of fake news is this?
unsubscribed because you are clearly a government round-earth shill. How can I trust you guys now? What has happened to academia????
Flat Earthers will say it's photoshopped..
The earth is a hollow cube and the entire universe revolves around it
Couldn't you just make a map that looks right, but wrong for navigation and all that shit. By taking mercator map and then shrink all "circles" to same size digitally. This would be useless for real world uses. But it would depict all land masses in their correct size to eachother. Similarly how there's more space in black holes, you could "dump" excess water volume by shrinking it a huge amount. ?????? I don't see why not.
In the comments: everyone pretending to be a flat earth believer. Let the comedy begin!
Short answer: Yes. Make a map on a globe.
hang on I'll ask my buddy Da venci..
you can't flat earth since it is a dinosaur
take a photo... done lets move on.
How dumb do you have to be to think the earth is flat? It's obviously a cube
The world is an icosahedron
I thought no one could possibly think the Earth was flat in the 21st century until I met someone who had 'proof' of it and wow just wow
Holy crap I'm early
Not one mention of the Society of Cartographers for Social Equality? Clearly Rosianna wasn't involved in this production. :)
Hank, whoever wrote that description of a Mercator projection for you needs to go back to map school. As with the Lambert, wrap the globe in a cylinder, but instead of projecting horizontally, project from the center of the globe. Hence, latitude lines get progressively farther apart with distance from the equator, and the poles never appear on a Mercator.
What would happen if you made an accurate globe of the world, like an ink stamp. And rolled it on a bit of paper until all the surface had been transferred to the paper?
I got a solution: Print it on a sphere, then use a hydraulic press to flatten it without changing it's topology or proportions.
Why are there a map projection of the earth that distort a certain aspect of the world in order to make more accurate other of his aspects around my anus?
At 1:49 Captions and video don't match... What do I believe??? Flat earth it is ??
How could you possibly forget the waterman butterfly ?
I'm flat.
The Flat Earth society... has members all around the globe. ^_^ (not my joke btw)
Did you ever notice how much effort they put into making sure they keep telling everyone that the earth is not flat you you wonder ? If the is not flat they have alot of explaining to do because tbe math in everyday experiments does not add up? I don't know about the some part but I haven't been able to find the curve and we checked it on a city 79 miles away and no curve so tell me how that works ?
Why yes I am old enough for Mapquest. Terribly inaccurate.
Globes aren't accurate either, seeing that the Earth isn't a perfect sphere in real life. The Equators are squished out and the surface is actually a bit uneven.
Hi there, SciShow! I would love for people to learn about the terrifying and sudden nature of cerebral aneurysms! I had one rupture at 19 and I think it would make for an interesting video topic!
1:26 Hank you sound creepy af tbh
umm lol ofc the world is flat wouldnt u just fall off the bottom if it were round lmao
LOL. I agree. I have seen lots of videos and comments lacking of common sense in a lot of subjects including the "flat earth".
flat earth is dead
there is no globe, we live on a flat plane "planet" ... Truth in plan sight.
Not sure if the flat earthers are bait or not.
I have a CONSPIRACY THEORY that MAYBE JUST MAYBE conspiracy theories..... ARE FUCKING BULLSHIT LIES THAT MORONS BELIEVE TO JUSTIFY THEIR OWN FALSEHOODS.
Inb4 he changed the title from ""Map Projections"
I'm a christian and in the bible its said that the world has edges, therefore it has to be flat. Silly scientists will never convince me over the word of God!
The thing about the shape of the world is just a flat out lie. :^)
Flat earthers are as dense as Africa is on a Mercader map.
I get the destinct feeling globes are gonna be mentioned in this...
was anybody else thinking of the xkcd comic throughout this whole video?
MapQuest...I remember it. Oh god. I'm not even 26.
the world is flat people
But why I have anus
I would be very interested in the Flat Earthers response if SpaceX offered to take them into orbit.
Only two Flatards so far.
I can draw a really nice mercator map by hand. Used to do it all the time when classes were boring.
No mention of Hajime Narukawa's Authagraph projection?
Preeeeety sure Africa is more than 8 times the size of Greenland. You're getting slack, SciShow.
1:51 "8x"? I thought it was nearly 14x Greenland's size
Nowadays it's hard to tell who's trolling and who is just an idiot on the Internet, what a time...
This video is a huge lie, every one knows the world is a decagonal prism
flat earthers should be steralized and forbidden from adoption and all of their literature should be wiped
Cant make the earth flat? challenge accepted
>not having the Waterman Butterflya n g e r y
Aw yeah, bought and paid for with that round-earth dollar smh.
so tired of map projections!  Those maps are always telling me I'm a flat drawing of geological surface features.
Hank says x8 but subs say 14x
I remember parents using map quest to get kids to birthday parties, but you had to have a printer.
cant flatten orange skin? challenge accepted
the world is flat. because trump Clintons, family and finally kyrie Irving said so, so the world must be flat
Africa is 13.98 times bigger than greenland, not 8 times bigger...
can i get 98 likes have a great day ????
The waterman butterfly is clearly the superior one.
It Earth IS flat!
You are just advancing Nasa's secret agenda! #Propaganda #WakeUpAmerica
The world is round? Sounds like fake news
Better idea, I make the world..... CUBE!
Notification squad??
Shut the fuck up no one cares
So you changed the title when you already published the video? Unsubbed, you scrubs. (?
This is basically just XKCD 977, though ;)
I remember when I was eight MapQuest being used by my parents
I guess the Robinson Projection didn't make the cut this time.
This is actually one of my favorite videos.
The Earth is "flat" if you define the word "flat" as spherical
flat earth believers are a bunch of idiots. why dont they all pool together some money and fly their idiot selves up to space? oh because they are afraid of finding out that they are morons.
This must be infuriating for Flat earthers.
Early
But but... it's easy to flatten an orange peel.
Hit that like if you are watching this on a flat earth
Why are there map projections around my anus?
I always hated when teachers had mercator projection maps on their walls
I am not early, as it is impossible to be early to a YouTube video. I am only slightly late.
Why there is map around my anus? :O
0:02 how to tell if someone is stupid.
Flat Earth Society. Yes. They exist.
why are there maps around my ANUS
The world is flat
Why is there Map Projections around my anus?
Maps
Flat earthers are as smart as Trump
"the earth is not flat" triggered
Spoiler: screw Mercator
who needs maps when you have a dad claiming to have a great sense of direction
Hank on maps is one of my favourite things
early
Mapity map maps.
E A R L Y
projection!!!!
m a p s
Early
why are there accurate map projections around my anus