I mad a scratch off map with this.
THank you so muuuuch i got an 48 out of 50 i mixed up arkansas and kansas but its not your fault Again THANK YOU
Can you do one with the regions since I need to do thise
ORAGON
why am i watching this im Canadian
Thanks!
I got an A on it I just couldn't remember the small parts
This helped me SOOOOOOOO much!
The only states people really care about are California, Texas, Hawaii, Idaho, Michigan, and New York.
3:17 dang if it’s west of Virginia I wonder wht it could beeee, huh maybe south Virginia??????
3:17 no shit Sherlock????????
My crushes name Alexander
Omg you saved my life I have a quiz tomorrow thanks so much
michigan looks like a mutton
(Nuck)
I have a test tomorrow on the states, Canada, and all the ranges and stuff.. and our teacher didn’t teach any of it; just the economics, so I thank you very much for making this, and doing my teachers job for him
So helpful, really, immediately see a huge improvement!
I did this in 5 grade but with the capitols too
a little cringy but it helps
Putabida
I got an a+ because of you
i Live in CANT ................Texas when i cross the border to Mexico it takes 7-12 hours
Doesn't all the states have at least 10 people with a gun? Hmm
THANKS!!!!!!!!
This saved me sooo much time ! Thank you !
Just Google Wakko's United States and Capitals instead. It's more fun to learn it that way! ??
thx a lot actually best teacher/youtuber
Thanks
I hate you
thank you for the help
I have a 50 states quiz tomorrow ??????
thanks :) i remember this and got an A+ on my quiz :)
I have a quiz tom. life saver!!!
wow this really helped me because we have the 50 states test! someone at my school did teach us some of these tricks but he did not teach us the whole map
Thank you!!! This was very helpful!!??
I love how I can memorize all of these, but not the things I actually need to. (I'm not American)
thank you so much i really appreciate your time and effort for creating this video lfor people like me who cant learn the states easily
Thank you so much for sharing this! It’s helping a ton with a test I have tomorrow!
Thank you so much! I have to know some of the physical characteristics, Mississippi and Missouri river, and Appalachian mountains, and many other stuff, and this is the 2nd week of school in 7th grade... THANK YOU SO MUCH <3
Thank You!! This is amazing!
this helped so much! but i cant figure out some of the states! plus I need to know the capitals....
"MARRY" land smh
I only have trouble with the M's lol. This helped a lot, thanks.
I get this type of work and I just got that sheet like a couple of weeks ago for a test
Thank you veeeery much,you helped me a lot
starting off strong, it only went downhill after that
god thank you
Thank you so much i have a test on this and it really has helped me.
Im failing my first test in high school im fuked
Bruh to me half of them look like straight squares
I seriously think I have memory issues, haha. This is helping me a lot! Now I just gotta watch it over and over until I remember everything XD
Thhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaasaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaannnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkk You. (I didn’t copy and paste anything)
This helped me with a test in high school,thank you.
Yakko Warner v/s This gal
This is really informative! I’m from England and know I won’t have any tests on this but it’s good to know if I have any lessons on America.
carajo!
This is so ridiculous... Just memorize them in alphabetical order, and you’ll have an easier time!
Thank you so much! This really helps! By the way, that is such a creative way to remember them!
It helped thank u
Those hands... the sun spots.. their to die for!!!!
Omg thank you I hope I pass my AH test
You suck xavier
Oh my god I learned this the first time I watched
Fantastic! My son kept wanting to put West Virginia in Kentucky so the chicken leg helped so much! Between you and the Animaniacs, he's going to ace his states/capitals test tomorrow!
I love how all of these are so extra and South Carolina and North Carolina are just there XD i live in sc so i was waiting for whatever she comes up with I guess if that makes sense
Thanks this helped a lot ??
Cant nuck
Why did you leave me out? Because I'm Wyoming
2018 anyone
Thank you so so much this helped me memorize all the states for a test at the end of the week I hope I pass!
ARKANSAS THE NATURAL STATE AKA MY HOME :3
You forgot Washington D.C.
:-) love it
Fvgjo
3:29 yeah I’m pretty sure that all states have more than 10 people who own a gun.
OMG FINLAY THANKS
You said every state in the line has K, EXCEPT TEXAS.
Those are really good cues for remembering states and geography Tip of the hat maam...
and now something, why nobody likes amuricans https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=waGRVYBHxXo
Thing is, it taught my younger brother a lot and he liked it, but I saw and I’m like “pffft easy. I don’t need help.(with geography).” I need help on the inside
OH can you please do a penis one
0:46 pan*
Rhode island is not a island
0/10 did not sing wakkos America
Or ah gon? What the heck? Next you’re going to call America Am ar ika
Thank you!Im a 8th grader who needed help
Grazie per l’aiuto !
Thanks for this I have to memorize the world map for my final... this helps shorten the study time...a little
Thank you it really helps me
Helps a lot omg thx
Silly
Rhode Island is not an island
It isn’t (or-i-gon) it’s (or-i-gin)
I tried to remember it but Somehow i kept thinking C A N T F U C K Thanks anyway.
OH MY GOD THIS HALPED ME SO MUCH, ON MY LAST STATES TEST I GOT LIKE 19 OUT OF 50 BUT NOW IM WAYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYY BETTER thxxxxxxxxxxxxx
thank you so much
Ms. Alexander thank you helped me passed the test
i am a fourth grader and i have to do this its just cruel
Yay! thank you so much! You saved my life. I just had my 50 states test and I made an A! I watch this about 5 times and then printed out a few copies of a blank map and I had it all down.
Thanks I have as huge test on this next week this really helped me a lot thx ??
or gan that's not hiw you say it it's Orgen
I love your Video! It's helped me more than anything else, even Quizlet! Please, can you do one on the capitals?
THIS IS MY HOMEWORK SHEET JUST WITHOUT THE abreiviations OMG
Thanks, this is a great video and will help me very well on my test next week, thanks again??
Thank you!!! That helped a lot!!
So great, I got a 100 percent
Thanks this really help me study
Thank you I have the 50 state change
This really helped me with my test
Y THE FUCK DOES SHE SAY OREGON SO WEIRD SERIOUSLY
Really helps thank u so much!! I really appreciate u taking your time to make this video just for you to help me on a test.
I’m not even American and I know all of them.
Lol
You are so help full
Were is conniticut
Thank you this helped my KFC lover children learn!??
C for California, U for Utah, N for New Mexico and K for Kansas If you felt nervous reading this you have a very dirty mind and you should clean it
massachusetts looks like a gun
Thx I am a 5th grader and I have a test on this in a couple days!!!!!
Its Oregon not oregan
Fucking Bitch! Ms. Alexander MY ASS! Saying Vermont looks like a V??? Say we are V-Mont? Va TE faire foutreee!!! How about you bring up that were the only state in America that SPEAKS FRENCH! Fucking Engish speaking American cunts
How come I never thought of this
Wackos song is catchy
Nah Wakko from Animaniacs did it better
changes nevadas name to fevada F lol
THANK YOU I CAN PASS MY TEST NOW
fucking shit
I'm in college and this helped me out in my American History class! Thanks. :) (from a grateful college student.)
??????? ???? ??? ????? ?????
Can't cross the border without the paperwork? Not anymore! It is now you can't protect the border because some people who need more votes want as many illegal immigrants as possible because majority of Americans won't vote for them! and apparently America is the only country who will be called evil for wanting to protect their borders. Mexico also requires voter ID's but nobody calls them racist. But if America wants voter ID's then they are called racist.
Did you say origon it's oragan
1:21 easten
Omg this helped me so much !!!
Interesting interpreption, drumsticks is vivid.It's really helpful.thanks for sharing:)
"Why did you leave me out?" "Because I'm Wyoming." Too close to home, dude.
Thx sooooo much
I just learned wakko’s America
When I was young like 5 or 6 y/o I put South Carolina to where Tennessee should be.
OMG it really helped me to memorize ????????thanks
or-ah-gon? It’s: OR EH GAN
All that was in my mind was Baton rouge Louisiana,Indianapolis indiana and colombus is the capitol of ohio.
5th grade and 9th grade come here for help
woahhhh
it's called oregon but you say it like this *Oregen
I really wish I had learned it like that. I was just told to "memorize it".
paper from my class but DID YOU STEAL OR BORROW IT!?!?! ms. cann`s class kinder.-3rd grade kids
Did you know that there is a secret elf in Minnesota,Iowa,Missouri and Louisiana?
that is helpful
This helps me pass the 50 states in the map
This is very good!
Yay I’m the 3K like exactly
leah it hlpes me learn states becas Ihave to learn the 50 states
you also cant live in the dessert and california, arizona, new mexico, and texas are dessert states. my teacher told me this one and it helped me.
also, california, oregon, and washington spell "cow" that helped me.
You helped me get a 50/50 on my test! Thanks! :)
OrAgAn
Thank you for helping me with the 4th grade fifty states test Ms. Alexander! (ps I think you pronounce it or-E-gen)
I want you as my teacher xD
and this is OR-A-GAON
You are awesomeeee
This is great. I could fill it out with abbreviations in less than an hour. But the more I did it, I realised I only knew the mnemonics, not the state names. In example, I would know M.I.M.A.L., but I wouldn't know which "m" state it was.
I’ve got a test tomorrow on the States ?? hopefully I’ll do ok
I am in college and this video just saved me!!!!! I am a future educator and needed to memorize these once again for my social studies pedagogy class. Thanks so much, I will certainly show this to struggling students in the future.
Did they patch this in the latest update?
What if Nevada was Fevada?
clap for dae queen
she knows dae wae
THIS IS SO SMART THX
Thank you so much. This was a big help!
I'm a fith grader and this didnt help, sorry!
1:44 Why mop? Wyoming Is In Misery O H T H E P A I N
Thanks! It is really helping me for a 50 states and capitals test
I MUST TANK U I GOT 100 : )
Im sorry but Minnesota most definitely does not look like a gopher.
You just saved my life. I have a test tomorrow at I couldn't memorize these states. I just learned all of them in 10 mins. Thank you so much.
this helped my 4th grade daughter thank you so much
I'm banning my sixth-grader from this folly. Most of this contrived malarky is just going to confuse someone. My daughter spent all her time trying to remember NUCK, rather than just remembering what those four states' names are. Come on.
I'm a 14 year old Canadian that only knows what Texas looks like but after watching this it really helped
Did U Know For Montana , Wyoming ,And Colorado U Can Just Remember My Weird Cat The M The For Montana The W Is For Wyoming And The C Is For Colorado So U Can Just Do My Weird Cat
I’m a senior in high school thanks for this
Instead of MIMAL, I remember it as MINIMAL (Min I M A L) making a satisfying real word, and reminding me of the beginning of the 1st 'M-state'. Great video, by the way.
Thanks sooo much! I have a test in less than a week and I haven’t studied at all! Thanks for starting the first step for me! ??????????????
1:07 that border is not the reason
It’s Oregon lmao
I live in Florida
Thank you-this helped me a lot!
How you learned it? Is it really hard for me. Maybe because I'm russian, but I want learned this, for me. Maybe I use this in future
I went from not know nothing to - Knowning all the states and where they are! This helped me and my fith grader too!
Oragone
Give me a sword ????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????
I have a test on all of this tomorrow and this is helping me a lot!
On my test tomorrow
I probably gonna get a A
You help me a lot
dnjtmtmj
I really like your way.I also think you should do capitals.Your way of teaching helped my daughter get an A+ on her test.
Thanx so much...I'm in 9th grade, and this really helped with my extra credit 50 states on the map quiz!!
NUCK
This is how my test looks
this helped alot!! thanks and god bless!
I love USA
Thank I learned this in less than an hour
Great! Thanks a lot.
I'm a 8th grader and this shit helped hella I got a A in history
I'm a 4th grader I got a 100 on my test the!
3:53 it should be HA because they are not attached to the U.S.A
This sucks I fill bad for everybody in my class right now
thanks!!!!
Very clever!
I have been enlightened.
thanks for helping me cheat on my test
Ma brain
I'm a middle schooler and this helped.
Anything similar for capitals??
First 10 states ok. Rest whut
God bless you, this helped me so much!!!
Miss Johnson. Alex is 2 and 3 months and he learned the US MAP.https://youtu.be/gq_ZZ09phxYThank you.......
I meant thanks not Ethan's
Ethan's this helped a lot I'm in 7th grade
i love that you said more than ten people in tn owns guns. i live in tn and they all own guns. all of em
You mest up md
c r i n g e ? or c o o l?
Helped me get a 100% on my test.
1:20 eastern USA quiz
This really helped me with my states test
Omg I’m in 5th grade and this helped me so so much thanks Ma. Alexander
Miss. You've saved mee loife
Did this cover Philadelphia?
you the real mvp !
Watched 3 times in a row trying to get my brain to remember for a test tomarrow
Lol I'm in 7th grade have a test and got 91 thanks
OMG thank you so much for this video. I'm having a test the next day and I literally didn't know any so this really helped!
THIS IS AMAZING
Thank you for saving my quiz, and i laughed out when i saw that chicken leg
I'm in 8th grade and I'm watching this PAY ATTENTION IN CLASS KIDS
thx so much
"why did you eat me out because im wyoming" HAHAHAHA
"Whoaaa ur almost in the ocean" ??
YOUUUUUUUUU ALLLLLLLLLLL SUCCCCCCCCKKKKKKKKKKKKK
dis joint dope
who else were supose to read for a test an started reading the coment instead
N U C K
Extremely "flawed" logic but surprisingly effective thanks
I am about 9 hours away from my AP US history quiz and I have to memorize all the states. Thank you. This helps a lot
Wow this is beyond helpful
This helped me a lot!Thanks a lot for making this video!
10/10 memorized in 15 minutes but had a bit of trouble with Minnesota Iowa and Louisiana
Very helpful thank you
helped out a lot!
THANK YOU. I GOT A QUIZ ON THURSDAY
thankyou ms alexander you helped me a lot like if you agree
This is fucking retarded what good does knowing all the stars by heart do for me? Absolutely fucking nothing schools are prisons for brainwashing children america was founded by satanist nasa original satanist scientist were nazis the earth is flat the worlds gonna end soon and Jesus yashua is king if you don't except that u will burn for you ignorance and for allowing the government to make the American people there bitch slaves you can't deny evil just cause your comfortable with you pathetic lives you can't deny that the government will do any thing for powers and money
Thanks DAWG
You're awesome
or-ah-gone what.
After 3 years, your still saving lives. I have a quick tomorrow and after watching this video for 1 hour. I remember them all.
"Mimal" is hard to remember"... I just try to remember that and that Missouri sounds like "misery" and Missouri is close to Illinois which is "ill"
Here in Kentucky we are not remembered for "KFC" We are remembered for horse racing..
how do you know all of that
Oregon is pronounced Or-gen
Me: I already know the states, but whatever. first 10 seconds of the video HOLY SHIT. HAHAHHAHA. POINT PROVED MEXICANS!!
very good video thanks!
cant forget the state I live in (Michigan)
omg I'm so sorry to hear from you
No offense but you said Oregon and Nevada wrong
ori gon
Hi I am 10 years old going into 5th grade and you just saved my life thank you sooo much
Thank You!!! I have a test tomorrow for this and it's soo helpful and useful.??
I could remember all the states and capitals but not where they went. Thank you for making this video! It really helped! :)
What about the capitals
THANK U SOOOO MUCH HELPED MY BROTHER IN 7TH GRADE TEST he has to memorize all the states
Thanks for a awesome video! This is how I learned all 50 states!
?? This will be useful. (:
Life SAVER i have my test tomorrow ?? this helped me so much thank you!
I have a test tomorrow sooo this was useful
I remember it! I know how many there are!
this is great thank you so much !
does anyone notice California and oregen and Washington made the word cow
omg sooooo smart
This is excellent!
thx for the vid, it's helping me.
I'm 11! I have a quiz about this tomorrow thanks gorgeous helping me! I also thank my friend Emmanuel!
I looked at the title, then the thumbnail and I immediately see California, Arizona, New Mexico, and Texas spelling Can't XD
Can't cross the border, there's a giant wall in the way!
0:00 Northern part 1:18 eastern part
Oh shit this is so useful (sorry for cussing) I can't believe I can study on youtube
Anytime someone says something about Kentucky, its gotta be about KFC.
So helpful!
There is smart people on this planet thank god
cringed so hard when she pronounced Oregon like that
it dosent ms. alexander
Thanks, this really helps me memorize faster
Ikr #lovely dark Alice
please make one with cities
teachers that make you test this are messed up
I live in Washington and I'm in 10th grade and this is the first time I've ever needed to know the 50 states
OMG Thx a tun I NEEDED THIS!!!!!!!! I have a test in a couple of days THANX YR A LIFE SAVER!!!!!!!!!!!!
Thank you so much, I have a test tomorrow and this is what I needed, thank you so much Ms.Alexanders.
do you know the state song
perfect thank you!
Omg thanks so much for the help I have a states quiz tomorrow and this will really help me
Could you do capitals
Alot
This helped me slot
C U N T
this is going to help me study sooooooo much thanks
this helped thank you
Try saying Oregon like Oregen not OrGone Please? Thaaaaaaaaaaaanks
Shit.
I alredy know all the States and im 7 XD
this is racist
Thank you from Holland
I got 100 percent on test because i saw this video, but honestly sometimes i thought "... Really?"
Hi Mrs Alexander????????????????????????????????????????????
You can't cross the border without going over the wall. Thanks though.
thank you this helped me a alot from paola's little brother
thanks this help me for the 8th grade 50 states test
i love this so much thank you
thanks this helped a lot
"cant cross the border without paper work" bruh my whole family did shut up lol
Stupid
OMG MY SOCIAL STUDIES TEACHER IS NAMED MRS. ALEXANDER
You helped me so much! Thank you!!!????
thanks so much plz do capitals next
This really helped me study as well l
0:00 to 0:17 Because you CANT make a this better.
Hi Ms . Alexander, my name is Naj and I live in Scotland, UK, I would like to say well done for making this video, good job, keep it up, because people like you make our life easy, I wish you health, wealth, and happiness, god bless you. ????????
Thx this really helps me study for my test I have tommorow instead of me cheating and this is great for when you are cramming in the week!!!!!
I'm not good at the states but good at the capitals?? So this absolutely helped me for tomorrow's test????????
Ora gon lmao
the only thing I have trouble with is the m's
thanks this REALY helped
I thank you so much! I have a test on Monday and this was great for helping.
This helped so much!
. . .
I live in Ohio this is how we remember Ohio OH-IO!!!!!!!!!
I live in Oregon and that's not how you say it! It's my pet peeve! It OR-E-GEEEEEN not OR-E-GOOOON!
Thanks! This helped our 5th grader a lot.
Genius!
Thank you so much!!!! I went into school today ready to fail my test. I watched your video as a last ditch effort. And it worked!!!!! I got a 100!!!!
You just saved me from a test tomorrow ??????????????
genius!!!!!!
This really helped me to study!
Watching this on repeat, I have a 50 states quiz today. Oh the pain :(
huis is my seconden time downloading huis app thay make tons of money on ad rev but thay cant give back to people like my familie we are low income and our state could care less and i sit here with an app that give everyone the illusion that we can win money but every result is the same for 95% of us its just coins we all would like to win free money even if its $500 or $2500 but lucktastic in y eyes you will never deliver on that hope or wish developers have my email if u think you really make a diffrence you will email me
hi
That was really helpful!
Im Desperate I have a test on this stuff on Friday and I'm baaaaaad
Thank you so sososososososossososoos much
Nuck still can't remember the capitals '(
FINALLY SOMEONE EXPLAINS IT. It was so difficult to remember them all but you helped me so much! Thanks!
this is amazing
thanks I watching this because this is my homework on the first day of school
Thank you for helping me pass my first AP US History test!
This honestly helped so much... I hate geography but this made me laugh and it made it easier!
Oh the pain aka what i say whenever my ships cause me physical pain
False, I can cross the Mexican border I'm just not allowed to #fucktrump lmao
If only I had the paperwork to cross ??
i remembered this in one day because I needed it . Thankyou so muchh
Orgon? You me Oregon?
gggh I Ij u
cool
helpful! :)))))
You just saved my fifth grader and I a lot of frustration. Thank you so much!
Does anybody else pee on the side of the toilet to make less noise?
Just got a 100% on my state's test, thank you so much!!
i live in chicago
this is so help full
i asked the us government to run statistics on that state mrs. alexander.
i loved it! - really helpful
bra,that dont evening help at all and this sucks
I live in Hawaii
i live in ks
I had a quiz today and i passed! 50 over 50 perfect score!YES
This helped me so much
without the proper papers you still can cross the border
Thanks I have a quiz
I don't know you so Hi or hello
do you like this one Alaska see
MY name is Alexander
<3
HONOLULU
Your an amazing teacher!! Love the way you teach. Please post more learning videos like this. --Thanks??
Yes u can cross the Mexican border I did it . Immigrants are thugs
Thank you for this video it was very helpful
Oklahoma looks like a bucher knife
why is the v upside down
My mom is acting drunk and she didn't even have a drink
My mom said you are on crack!!!!XD
this was a super easy trick so thanks??
That Really help me PS:this is Josh Not My Mom and Dad on the side left
This is helping me sooo much thxx
This is very helpful to me. Thank you. Ms. Alexander.
This helps me but how am I supposed to know all of it I have a quiz and I need help merizonig the states and I think I'm going to get a F on it plz help ????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????
I'm a freshman in high school and this helped me more than anything else XD Thanks
thanks this helped a lot I have a test on it tommorrow
This is so useful, I have a test tomorrow about the states and capitals, all I need is to learn the capitals now, you should actually do something that could help us memorize the capitals as well, it can be seperate??????????
U need a better teacher
sorry I'm 9 years old and this does not help me
Thanks, this helped alot for my test
Thank you. This has helped me so much.
My Quiz was saved!
Thank you Mrs.Alexander! Found your video and was able to memorize all the states after watching your video a couple times! What a fun way to teach!
thank you soooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo much i will ace my test tomorrow
btw Oklahoma looks like a frying pan, whats next 9+10=21
This is so helpful!!! Thanks!!
You saved my life I have a quiz on this tommorow thank you
Thanks I Have A Quiz Today :)
you are a lifesaverr!!
I searched for different videos and after watching yours about two times, I memorized all the states in about half an hour. Thanks so much for all of your help :)
Thank you soooo much this was really really helpful!!!
ahhhh!!!!!! have to learn all the 50 states in one day and I am going crazy thanks so much
Helped a lot
Oregon is not pronounced Ore-gone it's pronounced Ore-gin...
Thank you !!
I've never had to know this. I am in junior year and they want to quiz us. I know nothing your video has helped
so helpful thx
Why did not they build Hawaii and Alaska in the United States?
This is great!  Thank you for sharing.
thanks so much now i have hope for my history quiz tommorow
thanks so much now i have hope for my history quiz tommorow
This is the only reason I past my test! Thank you!
Got 50/50 on my s.s test! yay this helped ALOT!
Thanks it helps a lot for my test tomorrow
omg miss Alexander you just saved my life oMG I love you oh my gosh just this oh my gosh so amazing love
omg thx this helps so much love it
This kinda helped for me but not all that much, I still think that's a great tool that might help otheirs so I'll show it to my teacher, still I want to thank you for tryin you are a good, dedicated teacher who deserves respect for what you have to deal with sometimes, lol you don't get paid enough. But Thanks??
wow this definitely helped big time. thank you!!
Omg i think this will help me a lot in my final exam its tommorow i have to study hard thx <3
This is really good. This helped me a lot on my finals. So happy~ ><
this is great thank you so much
If we had more teachers like you the world would be so much better It's people like you that keep me going
I'm from Oklahoma
omg thank you
This really helped thanks
By the way I showed my teacher thi and showed to my whole class :)
Thanks!!!! I have a states and capitals test on friday
Memorized it in 25 minutes!!!
I remember where they belong, the name, and the little story.
thank you!  Please make more videos