Where are the women in this video?
all right Google you are really cool!!
Super
is this for 4th graders?
Google earth is one of the best things ever
that music though
Epic video guys! Keep it up :)
geography makes us to find the mystery about the universe. Geography rocks keep exploring
Good
???????? Wondering...
Hi
THIS IS GREAT BUT MY FRIEND DOESNT SEEM TO CARE, HE IGNORED THE VID
Try this new geography puzzle app https://goo.gl/fHRTC8 #geography
it never answered the question
thats great
is this the real google??!
I am a global citizen, I love that!
I wish there were internships here in Austin, TX. I am thinking in majoring in Geography because I enjoy seeing what changes around the earth, but I want to explore more an see if this is what I really want to do. #Help
MLK
i like it
"an earthquake shake on a desert doesn't shake people" LOL this is why I love geography
Great video! I also tried to cover this on my channel glad it's consistent with other folks on youtube!
So, why are all the people in this video men?
Geography's important because its a way of life, it's the earth that's molded into something new and will keep on changing. Geography can help us get around and it fits into a lifestyle with people around the world, like back then people would live in caves or the forests. Humans and animals have adapted to the worlds geography over time.
Where are all the female geoscientists at?! I know they are out there! Young women need to see role models in videos like these! Come on Google!
Very cool
You've convinced me to take a geography class over general physical science lol
I approve this video
You can go back in time....... Over here at Bravura Media Company... we have birds-eye maps that display architecture, factories, ships and landscapes of the past.
This is why i'm a Google Earth addict.
When this will available here in Pakistan?
making dinner lol
Where are the women geographers?
This is a nice methot but guess what, I am making over 3.000$ monthly at GOSOCIALJOBS[dot]COM Check it out
Yes I know this works. I will start tonight! I found a way to make money online just go to SOCIALMEDIAMANAGER.ALLALLA.COM
Geography is a great field of study, however, imho if you want a career in it your best chance is to go into geoinformatics/GISc. Basically the more technical skill you acquire (computer science, GIS, Remote Sensing, statics, mathematics) the more valuable you are to employers in today's economy. If all else fails you at least have knowledge in computer science and math; two valuable fields that many people lack skill in. The problem is finding a good school with a decent GISc degree program.
cool I gess
It is very important. Sadly, many people don't understand the importance of geography. That is why I started my youtube channel.
Maybe people don't just study geography for a 'good job'. Geography isn't just about nobility or knowledge! You acquire a vast range of skills and understanding with Geography which is highly desired by employers. In fact, geography graduates experience one of the highest rates of employment! FACT. Geography is also not just about 'saving the world'... its about understanding the world or viewing the world through different perspectives.
/watch?v=QPHYI8WzJMA
a bit hard to hear :I
yolo (you only live once)
I could have gotten into this year's one, but I was tired on the school wide bee. :'(
It's Free. They are trying to advertise it.
they're just try to selling Google Earth, nothing more :v
wow! this video show that geography is really important.
i did not like geography before! but when you stick to it and believe you can do it,it suddenly becomes easy
I'm sorry for your job problems. It's not that much better in the US. When it comes to geography, it's one of those subject where you have to be very open and flexible. There are jobs out there which even indirectly relate to the science of space and place. Even in retail, if you work your way up the food chain, geography can become useful in terms helping to run the business and promote sustainable practice. We can blame the system until the cows come home but you have to work with it.
jobs are always hard to find :(
Jovan Cvijic was a Serbian geographer :)
I'm a peruvian geographer, in my country geography is a subestimated science, in addition my family is not in a good economic conditions, but I can say "I'm very happy to be geographer". My teacher always say me: "Geography is a difficult knowledge, because we work in both, the social an the phisycal sphere". I think the life of a geographer is hard but very satisfactory. Be a geographer requiere so much work and passion. I recomend "Geographer at work" by Peter Gould as initial book.
I like geography!!!!
"What can you do with geography?" Make a stupid video telling people what they can do with geography.
It was a pretty good statement that the video was making that geography can help you in many ways in life.
this video was really boring we had to watch it as homework for skool and it was so boring!
respect from Tbilisi, Georgia
I love geography so much!!!
Android is powered by Google... *facepalm*
rahul nagvekar won 2012 National Geographic Bee :D
google needs to make a phone and bedcovers and lots of stuff like that x3
NOTHING!... DONE!
I'm a GIS technician and I use google earth along with my ArcGIS, Erdas software and it has become one hell of a important tool. e.g. to buy new aerial photos is costly and only to use it once too look it a new building has been build is pointless, so just use google earth. Sure it's not multi-spectral images but it works.
that's good
Locate a criminal's house
anyone noticed the batman poster??? 0:47
move in with your parents, save, come to America get a masters, or the equivalent in the UK
Mount Everest!!
the problem with size distortion is that the earth is round and trying to put it on a flat screen would be like trying to put an orange peel flat on a table, some places will tear and you will need to enlarge them to join it up again
Yes, distortion is inevitable, but that's no reason to use a projection so egregiously skewed. Most people have no accurate conception of how huge Africa is, for example: In reality, it's 14 times the size of Greenland, but on Google Maps they look the same size. Scandinavia looks bigger than Mexico, but Mexico is really over twice as big. There have been plenty of projections invented that mitigate these ridiculous distortions, and their usage would improve people's common perceptions.
What, real time google earth wouldn't be a problem. People are the problem, people are fucking idiots.
3:05 The answer is gold
I don't have the intellectual capacity to read that. :/
i think that would be kinda scary.... what if i were taking a shower and someone started zooming in to me
What about privacy? I don't think real time GE is that great...
When that comes true, anyone can be a spy.
What about Ryan Bean?
I know right? Saving lives? That's totally uncool!
HUGE privacy problem then.
Still my least favorite class D:
Obviously you didn't study English.
I studied Geographie and I am female. Why do you present it as all male? I cannot believe it.
That´s kind of extreme don´t you think ? I mean we already have the ability to know when someone is home or not using Facebook. Get an a alarm and it´ll go fine ? :)
every sec bitch
Will never happen due the coverage needed from satellites. And even than it will not happen, imaging how that will help criminals or terrorist. Would be nice though
Then what do you suppose they use as the base projection? We live on a sphere, and no matter which way you look at it, you're going to distort either shape, area, distance, or azimuth if you're creating a flat map.
I agree with you on this. The message is good, but that doesn't mean there are jobs in that field. My sister and brother both have master degrees and don't make as much as I do. That doesn't make sense does it? I have a two year degree, currently working towards the rest but seriously, its quite ridiculous. Sadly, luck plays a large factor in money these days, more than it should. Good luck! :)
why not daily? or even hourly?
Were no female geographers available for this video?
That would be way too creepy... and we wouldn't have any privacy at all!
if you pay the pilots..
I'm an undergrad geography student and I approve this message!
The resolution of the best satellite sensors imagery that are available for civilian purposes are 0.75m(sqaure) . This means that 1 pixel = 0.75m(square) on the ground so unless you are huge it won't be able to spot you The US military however using the same sensors (or better ones that aren't publicly declared) is 0.5m resolution.
I'm a geography finalist. "What can you do with geography?" - should really be "What can you do with physical geography?". (I'm a human geographer)
One day :( - I don't think they allow us to use it because criminals would use it to escape from the cops and do bad things with it.
why would you want others to be able to spy on you?
Nothing.
not for free anymore maybe
Hahaha!
yeah in the future i think google earth will update every day, and our planet will be like saturnus... covered with million of satelites
That guy was so hyped when he said "I am the President of the United States... Geo spacial intelligence foundation".
google.. providing internet services even in the most desolated places like the everest
3:03 The answer is Gold.
they have it, it's illegal for the public
Lazy people will likely answer: appreciate its awesomeness. and do nothing
create maps of Earth history
Its real. Check out their gmail tap and google fibre those are the AF jokes.
I'm sure they can do it
Why would Google post an April Fool's joke on March 28th? If this was posted on the 31st I would understand that.
Is this real, or is it an AF joke?
and we can stalk our neighbors!!
That will be little scary ... could be used for spying.
So... Cameras everywhere? "Big Brother is always watching"
or one century
geography is important, but not a geography degree
YEA, and let's fill the sky of space junk.
Nice April Fools, everyone knows Geography isn't useful
Google map 8 bit.. lol :p
Maybe one day we'll have real time Google Earth! ;)
Great video to incentive studants to learn and discovery new things!
This video is great.
WOOO @2nd comment
Refresh google earth maps every month please