Hehe. Sorry Dora.\n\nEdit: My plane is taking off so hopefully this goes through - the series is taking a break after today. Next Friday is a Frighty Night, then a differenty video the next Friday, then after that a new series!
Brilliant way to end the series guys I was in tears with laughter watching the last 10 mins, the song is brilliant nice work guys
I'm going to miss this show, so so so soooo much??
I love it hahahahahhaha
I dub this piece: Symphony of Carnage by maestro Adahop
Listening to Dora laugh through this entire ordeal was perfect.  Probably the best series I have watched on YouTube.  Amazing job and really excited to see your next project.
that ending was just to much for me seeing some thing so great come to an end. this has been my favorite series ty ada for the great video editing on every episode
A little late with this question but its actually about game play.  Why didn't you guys ever build a castle type set up? instead of digging into the hill near the light house, actually build something on top of the hill and dig a mote?  was it a resource gathering issue, I can understand if the materials are hard to gather, I just haven't played the game yet and I was curious about that side of things.  Sometimes games have a way around that kind of problem, I mean its easily solved in fallout 4 by unlocking you chem station straight away and becoming a drug baron selling Jet to make piles of caps and just buy in bulk lol.  So glad to hear you might revisit this game in the future after they do more updates.
One of the best videos I have ever watched on YouTube or any other medium.
waiting for season 2~~
I've been off 7dtd for a while due to the immense wait time for the new build, and I must say, being linked this play through a couple of weeks ago reinvigorated my interest in this game. Incredibly well edited, great scenes, and endless humour throughout! Great work to you all!
More plz
Is the series over or are they gonna come back for the new alpha update?
My gf got me into neebs gaming about a year ago. Since then I discovered Hank & Jed (got through all hank & jed). \n\nI was having trouble viewing all the neebs gaming videos tho. Not enough time, so I had to quit my job to make more room to watch more videos. You guys are friggen awesome! I think this is my second comment ever on youtube. Keep up the great work Neebs Gaming team, you peeps are legends! \n\nAlso I don't care what games/vids you make, just keep doing them. Hell you can even do one about watching grass grow, I am sure it will be awesome! I am on a mission to like and watch every video!
Ive watched this ep like 5-6 times already best one yet. Sad to see it go but i know there are a few new series coming up soon. Cant wait!!! Thanks Dora for such a great send off lol
I love that rock song at the end great episode neebs gaming.
I'm laughing my head off. This is one of the funniest episodes. Next episode you guys should write a note to self. Do not camp in a death hole on hoard night.
why was ada doing that
1812 overture I played it in concert band, I may look uncultured but I in fact not. What?
Anyone else notice that they use creative for the base now and the trader... Normally I would be mad but its funny to watch
This series was awsome & funny & i hope tha you all will return to it soon for a 2nd series of it. Cant wait
I like how at the start, the little clip was him messing up the game, making it 5x harder, and he also fiddled with the thermostat. Nobody EVER touches the thermostat, that little devil...
This series was an absolute MASTERPIECE!  Amazing work Adahop and the whole neebsgaming crew, this is most definitely my favorite game series!
I got some terrible news today...my girlfriend called it off after a year...i thought it was the worst news i could get today...until i saw the word FINALE in a thumbnail of 7Days to die...it was then i knew true heart break. Please revisit this series...dont pull a \"DICE/EA\"  and veer away from a winning formula for to long(cough BAD COMPANY2 cough!) . This has been your best work...when i watch this series,i get the feeling of family,like you guys are together as family..maybe its the survival,band together thing,who knows...and being an expat in a country away from home for 6 years now,this show always warmed me.\n\nThanks guys,sincerely.
Can you keep making 7 days to die videos
that it?  noooooooo
I want to see red dead and fallout 76.
Doraleus score:1\nAdahop score:10 for creating a great final episode\nLoved this series
Nooooooooooooooooooooooo
Favorite part of the video is knowing that:\nThe room was terribly build structurally\nThe strategy should have been a flawless success\nThe strategy would have been a flawless success if Dora had built the room the right way round\n\n\nActually though, the way to get to the room from the rest of the house was where you expected the zombies to come in from. If you had built it the other way, its more likely that the zombies would have gone down the hole. Absolutely hilarious video anyway guys. Enjoy the break and I hope you enjoy an eventual second season
:( i want more !!!
This series will be missed :'|
I hope they do another season. This series is great. <3
Aw, I didn't want this series to end. But that- THAT was perfect! Everybody at their finest!
Thia makes me sad but happy hope to see something new and dangerous soon ;) much love to u guys ?\n\n#simon4life
jesus....that was an absolute bloodbath
I didn't think that there could be a hole worse than Courtney Love's band but I was very, so very wrong!
This is the best 7days to die video
Best saved for last! Thanks for the map download Adahop!!
The Doraleus inner monologue segments of this series were my favorite part.
\"Wow, what a hole\"\nName that movie
i liked the parts about colorblind plushophilia
great series. i watched most of its first half in non-chronological order, and with the chronologically changing locales and constructions/demolitions, it was a simple mindgame to solve for chronology.\n\nspoilers are really minor towards the fun of piecing together some causality.
Went from looking like it was going to be the BEST horde night to he worst one BY FAR!!! Good word Doraleous!
Dam u guys died alot lmao good job thou
7 days to die was your best series so what now..
One of neebs gaming's best videos ever. If you don't come back to this series I will disown you.
Loved the music in the beginning of this episode it created and adventurous mood.Almost like the beginning of a movie or epic tale.Would like to see sumthing similar in future videos.-Simon I'm still waiting for that sandwich video,I lack the judgement and pallet to craft a \"Simon Sandwich\" Teach your wisdom
Absolutely the best end to the best series I know on Youtube!  You are are so funny and make these things so very entertaining.  Keep up the good work and I look forward to your next series, whatever that turns out to be!  :D  Loved the nefarious intro too!  You all rule.
Wow guys gonna miss watching the show
Love u
wow...you got some good ass editing and effects skills...….  I started recording my game with 2 friends..but I rented a server so if im at work..they can play if they wanna.  ….just lowed a day length to 1 min so jack it from 30 days to 70 cuz our blood moons are pathetic.  but wow..your editing skills are awesome...and audio.  crystal clear
Wait this is the last episode
I remember watching your guys animations years ago as kid. Whether it was BFF or Doralious and Associates, I always had a good laugh. When Neebs Gaming was made, my brother and always had a good time talking about what went on in Ark or 7 Days. And now that he's a Marine and I'm a soldier attending AIT here in Fort Sill, I have a much greater  appreciation for you guys. What I'm trying to say is, from the bottom of my heart I thank you for filling our lives with laughter, and keeping both my brother and I sane while away from home. Love you guys!
That was so funny and an amazing masterwork of editing, for a future series you should look at playing some 7 Days to die modded or a game called Subsistence
Love that intro though
Doraleous is the Thick of 7 days to die
So much blood
Is there gonna be a season 2?! Or is this the end
The Doraleous Score was very generous . . .
Guys, for future reference, the zombies are attracted to the players position. If you are underground, they will just dig towards you. You put the hole too far away from you, that's why nothing was falling down the hole. I'm wondering if you knew this already and did this anyways to make  it more interesting. Thanks guys, I'm going to miss this series!
The beginning got me hyped
When i saw the ceiling crumble the first time, i knew it wouldnt be a great day
I hate Edited comments so much!
Great series! It will be greatly missed!
This was hands down my favorite series on this channel. I am truly sad to see it end. You guys did a fantastic job on it, I hope you guys return to it some day
Anyone else notice at 14:30 that on Dora's screen you can see that Simon has died 70 times? xD Poor Simon.
Simon just got\nNAE NAED
I love the song at the end
TV, movie, or video, this is one of the best series I’ve ever watched!!  All of it, the acting, the production, even the music.  Thank you!   \n\nAdahop, pulling up Doraleous’ one tactile mistake “4 days earlier” was priceless.  ?? That’s G.I.B.J. all the way, Doraleous, lol.  Beautiful!
Ya'll should do random gen instead of Navezgane! Much more challenging!
We will miss these men and we will not forget the things they did
This. This. This is the most beautiful thing I have ever seen. I love my wife too......but this....
nooooooo
Fuck no! Don't end
Appsro has 16 torches.. as in 16 candles?
Oh yey August 19th was my birthday
well seeing that this series is now over i bet your looking for a new survival game there for i nominate starbroud
... why... why the hell would you digg your self into a corner and have the only exit where they come in... im just why XD i love your stratergys
This was my favorite series
Adahop, the editing with the 1812 overture was brilliant! Well done
NOOOO THIS IS MY FAVORITE SERIES IT MUST CONTINUE!
I have to admit this was the best laugh I had in days. Wonderful vid :)
Why end it
If this is infact the last run of the series having it go out on a colossal fuck up is a great way to end it.
That music at the start reminded me of a classic Christmas movie
You guys are getting better and better at presentations, this was more entertaining than all of your past episodes put together, and far surpasses that of anything else I've seen on the game by anyone else.   Great production value.  Little harsh on the language, and using God's name in vain.  But you guys are really talented, and work well together.   How did things turn out for you guys?  You haven't been active because of the hurricane, did you manage to recover, or will it affect the future of Neebs Gaming?
This was definitely one of if not the best episode yall have done. I feel the only thing that was missing was dora's annoying ass alarm.
On year ago this series started and i watch these videos since October 6 2017
It's Soo funny how he turns down the heat. Haha. And the fact he Pressed A lol.
that lag tho
was that really adahop? and if so do you guys know that he changed the settings?
Hey guys, in panama city just after hurricane michael destroyed the place, this video had me laughing so much through this tragedy, very much brightened my day, thanks guys keep it up!
Is neebs gaming gonna end ;(
Entire time just waiting for one of them to step on a mine. I leave the tab with the video a few seconds before they blow up the dynamite without pausing it. All i can think is \"just as i predicted\".
Fucking gold... By far my favorite episode!
Wow, it takes about two months for a new horde night to come out (7 weeks)
This was quite a finally. Honestly enjoyed the hell out of this series. It was fun to watch. And I’m gonna be honest I binged this whole series in a week. From beginning to end. And I finally reached the end and I’m only a few days late. You guys rock
Great job on the videos fellas! <salute>
Best series from this channel. I wish it wouldn’t end so soon because there’s still a lot of possibilities for places to live and whatnot. Hell, instead of rebuilding a town, why not completely build your own? Build a giant wall around it that’s as impenetrable as can possibly be. I hope this series doesn’t end and will continue on. Here’s an idea, there could be episodes where everybody lives in their own place and defends it by themselves. Gives everybody a lot of space for their own ideas and there could be a town where you all meet up and exchange stuff that you need for stuff and have payment for those items, like a trader, but with varying prices or trade stuff like weapons or essentials. Basically everybody lives on their own, but everybody helps each other out and it’s further off than just down the street. It could possibly make things interesting.
Haven’t watched it yet but plz don’t let this be the last
are they done playing this?
Have to admit Im sort of sad to see this series end but its for the best.  The game is dead and you guys didnt really get the stronghold concept down anyway.  Hell did you even make a forge the entire series?  LOL!  You guys were so busy moving around the map you never really got a chance to make a funny series out of  this game.  You do the same thing with ARK but at least there there's no zombie hordes coming after you so there are definitely funnier moments in ARK than this game.
another great series is finish..  this brings  tears in my eyes i don't know what's or why for because  of the 7 days to die end or because of the how funny this episode was.. but anyways its been a wonderful series i've watched it since day 1. hope you guys make more like this. i love it! and i always listens to your commenting on comment while i'm working.. hope to hear you guys read this comment. thank you!
Going out on a massive high. Brilliant episode. It will be missed.
All that hard work doralious, for nothing????
CAN YOU GIVE US A FACE REVEAL?????
Thank you neebs gaming crew for taking us on this hilariously frustrating but glorious adventure. I for one have enjoyed the ride, many laughs, tears, and fuck yourselves later have left me wanting more while also wanting to kill myself from your constant stupidity(still lol's). Hope you return to the series one day but if you never do thanks for the laughs. I enjoy all your content keep up the good work you glorious bastards! I almost forgot to thank old doraleous for making the best looking, but ultimately useless horde night bunker. You almost had it, but you dropped the ball. And you have no one to blame but yourself, you left the holes open doraleous. You invited them in, and in doing so turned what was supposed to be a safe place to ride out the night into a personal tourtue chamber for everyone...
\"SEASON\" Ending? Not series?
Lads this series has really been a pleasure to watch. I have laughed and cried tears of joy watching it.  You crack me up and are the best you tubers by a flying mile.
Single greatest 7days video
So, what happens now?
Would love to watch you guys play the forest lol with all these shenanigans
Doraleous should have just rigged the place to blow as like a fail safe. Just line the place in tnt. And bring the place down on all the zombies and them.
This is an absolute masterpiece.
Adahop, more of the ghosts when someone dies in any of the games you guys play , like Simons ghost, that was a nice touch. Great job. I hope to see more of that in the future. Really good idea.
It's sad to me this is over even if it's just for now. I was hoping all of you fine gentlemen would try the random Generated map. Given its random maybe each of you could start one choose the best one and invite the others to that world. On another note doras plan would of worked if it was all under ground with no block ceiling, only rock and dirt ect ect, I've actually made a simular base with an underground drawbridge over a casm filled with spikes. My favorite series by far. But if you guys get together and play fallout 76 in a similar way to this , then I'll have a new favorite.
Great editing for the fight montage. Loved the series. Sad to see it's done. Hope we have something as fun in replacement.
YAYA! GOT THE GOLDEN PLAY BUTTON NEEBS! GOOD JOB (even though he wont see this)
Rip seven days to die
Well guess it’s time for you guys to go back to Minecraft winks repeatedly\n\n\n\n(pls don’t)
I'm sure you will address this on the next commenting on comments, but why end both this and GTA?  Tired of it?  Making room for new stuff?  Low views?  Waiting for new content to be added to continue?  Also, is Ark on the chopping block?
For the next 7 days to die series (if you even make a second one) you guys should make it a pvp series against each other without a hord night but where you can raid each other
The doom tomb
That was the most overachieving fail ever. Well done.
Guys, I have loved watching you play 7DTD and will miss it. My 75 yr. old mom and I started playing after watching you play. We call the Bald zombie that wears the jeans and white tee shirt Thick because it looks kinda like Thick's GTA toon. So one day we were playing and my mom was killed and I asked her how she died and she said \"I got Thick'd.\" Hope this gives y'all a good laugh.
5:10 you cant make that door. Ownly cheat it in  ??????
please do! this series was fantastic guys but looking forward to the next one. Dammit Dora, you brilliant moron! You got everyone thick'd
as someone with too many hours in this game, it's been fantastic watching you all play it. can't believe it's been a year <3
That final battle sequence was brilliant! Great edit!
That has to be a record of team deaths in 7D2D all in one horde night
At first i was like wow simon is one of the last ones to die..................... then he never prevails to die 100 times. your the best simon
So Dora... is this what you did with the money from Nom Nom Cat?
This is why you don't do underground bases.
from the prison to journeys end, it was a wild, memorable ride. I now suggest simon plays Stranded Deep
Plz keep going with these videos..
Laughed the whole horde!! AMAZING INSANITY this was hilarious!
OOOOOOOHHHH MYYYYY GODDDDDD!!!! During the horde fight I just had my hands on my forehead with my jaw dropped. And yes, \"I'm in a fistfight with a cheerleader\" is the quote of the series.  Hahahahahahahahaha. Great work fellas, you survived Dora's deathtrap! (Kinda)
August?
By far my favorite episode neebs\nDoralious piece of advice make the pit go all the way around the base\nSimon you are getting better good job
called it! I think this was a much better ending than some bad ass horde mass slaughter. Instead the entire team got slaughtered in one of the funniest ways imaginable. Simon takes the cake and almost killed me laughing...hehe...so good
This has been teh best series you guys have done ever!   That was seriously fun!
It would have been pretty cool if the ceiling collapsed on everyone as they were fighting for the lives and then that is when the season ended
Doraleous is death hole
In another galaxy, four days earlier\n\nEnsign Doraleous: I'm sure this two-meter exhaust port won't be a problem.
those illustrations at the end are amazing!! lol simon has the rug tapped to hes body lmao
best episode ever
Despite having the most impressive construction project, this horde night managed to be the most spectacular failure. A lesson to be learned in all this: Zombies will dig through anything to get to you. I'd like to see this attempted again, though perhaps with two full layers of steel blocks surrounding the safe zone, lol.
But but it cant end..... Whatever you do dont stop doing Ark!!!
I wanna thank you guys for your great series for it has been a joy to watch for not only myself but my wife and kids. We started only last year with your 7d2d series and have watched every week and series. Hope to see y'all try again whenever the alpha 17 come out. Keep up the great work!!!
????????????????????
#Breadstrong
Because I'll never tire of watching Simon die stupid deaths, I suggest you guys do a The Forest mini series.
Holy crap, this is unbelievably similar to that scene in Aliens where the marines see the aliens coming on the motion detectors, but they are actually in the ceilings!\nAwesome vid
Their might be a season 2 when Alpha 17 comes out, their adding bosses, motorcycles, gun mods, gyrocopters, and more to the game
Season finale? But you're coming back sometime soon,i hope??? Please come back some time soon!!!!
Damn just got neeb’d
there needs to be a disclaimer.  \"Do not drink soda while watching this\"....   lol
Doraleous' Death Hole.  The most metal band name ever!
9:30 It was at that moment Doraleous knew.... He fucked up
Last week when doraleis made battle ship I commented he was a building god. I now retract that compliment.
Greatest episode ever....nearly wet myself at work!
I honestly have no words for this video.
sad for seires end
This had me rolling!!
When you guys announced you were going to do 7 Days to Die, I was like booooooring. But I've been glued to this series ever since it aired. So much fun and so many memories.
Fucking love this channel
This was the funniest 7 days video yet, mainly because of the epic fail that was the death cave. Hilarious video, you guys do great work.
Does this mean you guys will have more time for creating new episodes of D&A or Mob Squad?\nProbably not but I love D&A and I hold out hope for more.
Dora that base was very impressive I believe you should get alot of props for making it even if it didn't work in this game... it's not entirely your fault the zombies dont go where you want them too
This is my favorite series on YouTube. Really bummed to see it go, but I'm super excited to see what you guys do with RDR2.
Dame you boys must have something big planned for red dead2 if you dropping 2 of your series cant wait to see it!
If you guys really do end it, please do another survival game, maybe fallout 76. I’d love to see you guys do some PvP.
I remember the first episode, and this last one, and all the ones in between. This has been the series to watch since day one. You guys did an amazing job, please don’t end!
Holy shit this has been the best series I've ever watched on youtube. Thanks Neebs gaming and everyone that has contributed to the making of it.
I think you guys need to continue with a NEW season as the A17 comes out. Love from Romania and don't forget that we LOVE 7 DAYS TO DIE .
Thank you guys so much for this fantastic series. I must admit when you did the poll for what game should you do I hated seeing 7 days to die leading. I'm really really happy it ended up winning this series was super enjoyable I'll miss it.
Neebs, remember when your videos used to get 400k+ views and you had 1/2 the subs you have right now? They used to be so much more entertaining! This is boring compared to the old stuff.
Showed such promise!!
adahop thank you so much, downloading and playing this map was like a dream come true it was amazing exploring through all the places neebs and everyone had been and visted seeing the hibachi cafe, the light house, adahops autoturret shop and more was so fun thankyou for uploading
Nothing built can last forever\n\n\n\n\n\n\nBut it should last longer than that!
Had to watch it twice because I was crying so hard the first time from laughing.
Please play The Forest!
Been watching this series since the start and loved every minute Thanks so much for the memories.
Thank you, \nThank you for the laughs when some of us are feeling down. Thank you for making us laugh when we are just having a great day. All of you create something that brings thousands of people together to laugh, smile and be happy. I’m a world filled with so much negativity it’s a nice break from that bullshit. Thank all you gorgeous fucking people! Look forward to the next series! \nLoves and Hugs from Montana \nJustin
You'd figure by now that you'll learned that the horde is attracted to you and not heat.
what a wild ride from start to finish! If I may, i'd like to say a little something about everyone~!\nNeebs: micromanaging less and becoming one of the strongest of warriors! \nAppsro: ...really carried the whole team i mean honestly, superb.\nDoralingus: ...you ok?? lost your marbles. but hey, the IDEA was good for this last horde night, but... big fail. \nThick: Learned to stay with the team more and heart growing 2x larger! great job!\nSimon: Saved the best for last. You knew NOTHING and i mean NOTHING for the longest time. had to be taught how to even crouch. but after all this time you learned so much and did great!! \nWonderful job everyone~ hate to see this go but it went out with a bang!
Four days earlier.....just a minor flaw that sounds similar to the death star....
I love all the content you fellas create, but the 7 days content was something else. I will deeply miss this series however I know whatever you guys do, I and everyone else will love it. Keep up the absolutely amazing work you do!!
I will miss this series. My favorite ??????
thank god for Simon
Awesome series, awesome ending.  Good show gentlemen....good show.
Loved this from beginning to end! Goodbye 7 Days to Die. Look forward to watching reruns.
Neebs I'm really Gonna miss this at first I thought this series was stupid. But then when I actually watched it I'm like this is awesome like I said sad to see it go. have fun playing red dead redemption I have also been waiting for it pre ordered it in July.
This was one of the only things i looked forward to every week i hope yall are planning somthing good
By season finale does that mean that you will start over for season 2 on a different map or area?
Neebs you guys should play some Connan exiles.
the somedays mean A17 guys ;) ?
Kinda wish you revisited the other locstions, but this was still a good ending to a great series
u guys need another serious same map just dont let the one who shall not be named build your defences
This episode along with the horde night in the lighthouse are by far the best ones in this series. And this one is just a perfect way to end a series. Everything was well made, thanks to the way you play and Adahop edits. I was actually feeling anxious with all the anticipation. These two episodes I mentioned are the ones I laughed the hardest and for the most parts of the video. \n\nAbout future projects, if you want to entertain, have Doraleous build everything, but if your goal is to have a relatively safe night, don´t let him do anything. \nThe thing the sums up this hole evening is that a bunker where everything seemed well thought out and carefully crafted with all the blades, mines, spikes and the protection wall ends up with Neebs fighting a zombie cheerleader with his fists. \n\nIn the end, I absolutely loved this series, will watch it again someday for sure and I hope that you really return to it someday, if not on this map let it be on the new one. Amazing work by everyone and I can´t wait for the stuff you have planned for us.
No more 7 days??? D:
Damn I can't stop laughing at this video dammit my stomach hurt of laughter
Sad to see it end but my god what a memorable finish. Doraleous's glorious death hole and Adahop's top notch editing. Oh boy how I laughed.
This video reminds me of the last day of high school. I wanted to \"DIE\" 18 times.......
That was an incredible end to an enjoyable season!! I hope you guys do revisit this game in the future. I would love to see you guys create a base from scratch. Until then I look forward to your next series :)
Never got to see Simon build a horde night defense so disappointed.
I hope this isn't the last of 7 days this series is my favorite and id hate to see it go
Time to vote for the next game
Doraleus; you are are a true gem :) don't ever change!
So sad to see it end, but excited to see what is next! Thank y’all for a FANTASTIC finale! ?? It’s been one of our favorites since my husband turned me on to Neebs gaming about a year ago! Seven Days became a big part of date night for us! ???? Keep up the great work!
So can we get neebsyvaina season 2 now please
When do we get season 2, this was brilliant!
“I like to die with a lot of things.” - Simon
???? It's been emotional. What a roller-coaster. Goodbye 7 Days. It's like a little part of me had died. But I'm excited to see where we go next. I wonder what game they have in store for us.
Simon’s acting when he dies, and the noise he makes mid sentence, is so fantastic. I genuinely and without any sarcasm love the way he performs those moments.
Do more 7 day to die videos and i like watching your 7 days to die videos
Aww, I will miss watching this Friday after work. Hope to see more in the future ??
6 minutes and 20 seconds into the episode \"leveling up\" is the exact moment Doraleous doomed you all.  Flashback at 10:15
Oh boy.. i loved this series.. thick singing the song at the end added huge impact, well done Adahop!
7000 deaths to die.
Finale? ur the reason im buyin xb1 n buying 7 days
Thanks guys for making this awesome series :) hope u will pick it up some day again
You played that game already for more than 300h :o
I can't describe what i'm feeling right now, but it's not good :( All my love to you guys <3
Amazing series, hope it returns before too long! Need Simon to build a base!
Utterly fantastic. Great job, loved every minute.
Guys, \nI'm so gutted that this has come to an end, but what a finish, complete chaos as the series deserved.\nYou have turned a game I bought and hardly played, into one of my fave watches on YouTube and a game I play so much more now!!! \nYou are all legends, and i still need to join you guys ha! \nMuch Love x
I hope this isn’t the end because I really enjoyed watching this series from the ground up
Plz hit like on this guys so maybe it can be answered on one of their questions vids. \n\nAre you guys ending this one so you can start on a new one? I know fallout 76 is around the corner, and Dayz is starting to pick up speed on console (which a lot of us console gamers watch you guys too). Just wondering what’s next?
Anybody else smell a Conspiracy going on?
This was the video that I watched untill there was 1% left one my phone glad it was this one
Do a random gen!
Nooooooooooo
this episode is even better the second time you watch it. \nif you know whats gonna happen, it's just great to see how confident they are at the beginning.
This funny as all get out
Had complete confidence with their plan. Then the hoard started.
Anthony you filthy saboteur you! I'd recognize those pudgy hands anywhere!
Great success!!!!
Wall of blade traps and a tower...
This is by FAR one of the best videos you guys have done!! I have never laughed so hard!! LMAO fantastic!
Best video in the series yet. Too damn hilarious all around. :,)
its was verry funny to watch, loved it
so, is this the end of season one of 7 days to die? or the end end? if its the end end, play Unturned next. Its broken and awsome, lots of guns, thick would love it
With this series on hiatus for the time being and the GTA one looking like it's going on pause for RDR2, I make the following suggestion: Have Simon do Conan Exiles for 7 days (or episodes) alone. No help. He can do his own research on the game, but no other help. The game got several updates recently including animal taming, has a basic structure like Ark but with decent NPCs, and even has some quests in it. Have Simon work on the game and setting up a base, town, castle or whatever his architech/homebuilder heart desires, and THEN allow the rest of the crew to come in. Let Simon, for once, try taking the lead.
?????? Bravo guys, Bravo
clap clap clap
thick's original 7 days to die theme is unbelievably awesome...and that's an understatement
An absolutely brillliant ending to an excellent series. Had me in stitches so many times. Definitely looking forward to whatever you guys do next. Thank you all.
You should have had a backup plan to place explosives in the tunnel to collapse it if shit hit the fan. Which, lets be honest, was inevitable.
you guys are the best.  so good.
Season or Series Finale?
So does that mean more time for another series like GTA, Ark, or Scrap.
laughing so much this video. Working a 12 night shift and the other guys in the office were wondering what I was losing my shit, so rewatched it with them now safe to stay Neebs gaming as two new fans as both of them are now binge watching ark and 7 days to die and BFF.
Neebs Gaming Crew, you lightened my path through dark days of illness and depression with all your hard work and humor. If therapy didn't work ... you did. Even if it was only for an hour here and there.\n\nYou may not reach the whole world, but THIS is world peace for me, that's for sure.\n\nTHANK YOU SO MUCH! There aren't enough words, to describe what you've given me.\n\nAnd being someone who has spent a lot of time lately on youtube, I'd also like to thank this fabulous community. I have never read or felt so much positivity anywhere else!
This was by far the best 7 day i sean from you guys keep up the good work an this is the funniest i sean in a while
Nooooo I want it to keep going
Please do some rust
I feel like those baby hands at the beginning of the video are Simon.
Lmao this episode was amazing I never laughed so hard in a while
Season finale of series finale? ????
Sad to see this series go. But what a clusterfuck to end on. I can't wait to see what you replace 7 days to die with. I was hoping to see Simon prepare for a horde night :P.
Remember on the first episode they all ganged up on a deer and fired the arrows all at once?
Gonna miss this series.
I fucking love every single one of you.
GOLD haha who knew they could dig so much dirtXD
OMG awesome video. The editing is outstanding. Adahop you are a master sir.
That was epic, great ending to the series guys bravo!!!
I really hope another company picks up 7 days for the console. I loved this game.
Every episode i see is the best i have ever seen on the channel ??
Well that went better than expected.
This is now in tomb raider
The FPS arghh
i guess that's me done watching  until A17 arrives, 7 days brought me to Neebs and i don't play any of the other games so i have zero interest in watching them. try some of the modded versions until A17, i'd love to hear the guys when the voices in the night start :)
I say Doraleous experienced water damage during the hurricane, but he started building this long before that. The real evil here is Adahop cranking up the difficulty to Max.
The noises Simon makes when he dies are the best lol
the death noises made me laugh instant
oh season finale i hope not a series finale
Congrats, epic finale.
7 days song version at end of video is best ever. Awesome finale boys. Love y'all.
all I can say about dora death trap is to quote Karl Kraus \" A paradox arises  when premature insight clashes with prevailing nonsense \"THICK44 ROCKS
I wish the air drops wouldn't have been added. I'd rather find buried cashes instead of the airplanes in a post apocalyptic world.  Still love this game
Wait so is 7 days to die really done for?
And here I thought the last horde night was a clusterf**k...
Safest horde night ever
By far the funniest episode ever.... sitting on a bus in Japan literally laughing my ass off! Bunch of Japanese people sitting all around me, staring at the white guy giggling....judging.... but hey! Worth it!!!! Don’t quit this series!!! We love it!!!!!
Best series ever with a really hilarious ending sad to see it go but this will always one my series
so whens season 2 coming?
season final nooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo!!!!!\nthese r the best 7 days to die videos ever!
duckduckgoose
Don’t end it here!
Amazing just amazing ??????
So is this the end for 7days please don’t be
I enjoyed this so much keep up the great content guys.
Wow, the whole series flew by just like that. Welp, time for a rewatch
Well you cant fault Dora, the room did exactly what it was designed to do. Kill. Lol
So...Doraleous Simon Thick'd everyone? Is that another new saying?
doraleous you fuckung idiot
Couldn't have asked for a better ending.
play the forest
I feel like I just watched a loved one die with the ending of this series
This was just what I needed. Thanks ya'll. I love you.
Incredible Cant wait for next time you guys  revisit this game
That was freaking amazing. It was awesome I tell you. Great ending.
Noooo why does it have to end I loved this game you guys are the best but on the up side it was in hell of a way to end
Good episode and is it end of the series? If so why thought, can you kindly explain why? Thx !
Its over, damn i was hoping to see Simons horde night base.
You guys always cancel the best series :(
What game are you guys gunna play and make a series out of now?
Best. Horde. Night. Ever. Thanks guys. You're the best!
it would have been boring otherwise. not much interesting in this game to do.
This is the best 7d2d vid in your whole series might even be one of the funniest if not the funniest vid you guys have made, good job
LOL epic
I knew this was going to happen ever since Dora revealed it.I literally thought \"the zombies are just gonna dig to em\"Btw The zombies will always go to the closest block to the player and dig through the rest.
Hi
i hope you will continue someday and hope alpha 17 will come out soon because with the new system it would make the game feel different
i cant believe how long its been since episode 1 feels like only a few months ago you started this, i wish there was more to come but i'm keen to see what will replace this. love you guys time to rewatch the entire series!!
Hands down the best episode of anything on neebs gaming! And whatever is next on the list is a distant second. You guys have truly outdone yourselves!
Ah man, haven’t laughed that long and hard in a long time!
You guys raised the bar on this one this is easily the best video on YouTube ever I really hope to see more 7d2d maybe war of the walkers mod yall would have a blast with that one please don't let this series die it's too damn good and brings happiness to people who need it you guys rock and Simon for president of neebs gaming lol with neebs telling him how to do it from the background lol
Who wants to see them play Conan exiles?
I laughed so hard my chest hurts now.
Please continue this or start another series like it.
Doraleous just Thick'd you guys.
End of an era. Such a good season of laughs!
So is it over?
If I'm stuck in a zombie apacolypse with doraleous, I am not letting him make defenses, maybe kill him just in case.
Anyone else notice that Simon says: Bob Wire?? As opposed to Barbed Wire? ??
The crescendo on the music was good but with all those deaths back to back I'd have used the death music from Ninja Gaiden xD
Doraleus's Temple of Doom
Lost for words on how spectacularly funny this episode was. Excellent works guys.
If the game's AI wasn't retarded it would have worked fine
Where will my life be without this series?
One vote for sooner than later.
This got me laughing so much it was great. thanks guy for making my day a great one. keep up the content, you are my top favorite channel to watch and have a good time watching you guys. Thanks again MotoIB
So sad to see this series end! It was what got my husband and I into watching your channel... You guys are amazing, thanks for the hours of entertainment!  Can't wait to see what you guys come up with next :)
Is this the last 7 days to die episode ever? If so I am sad to see it go
14:16 simon has died 5 times in a matter of seconds
That was glorious.
Am not gonna lie I didn't like the game but I only liked it because new s and the gang was In it
Loved this video! Great job with editing adahop! I laughed so hard. If you guys are moving on to a new game please let it be one where you all play together and go from day 1- end, like Ark, Minecraft and 7 Days. KEEP IT UP!! Best thing on YouTube
I really hope you guys decide to come back to this game soon, i had a lot of fun watching you guys play it
Bravo! I want you guys to know that you literally create art. I love the way you guys stage your story lines, and the way you execute those stories. Love all of your acting. Your characters are great. Editing is on point, which probably pulls it all together, Phenomenal job, phenomenal channeI.  Your work is truly at the top of the YouTube spectrum. Keep up the great work, can't wait for the next thing you do.  Doraleous, FYI you still owe me twenty bucks from that bar tab in Charleston earlier this year. #FourManMosas.
Ok that didn't quite work out the way you anticipated but we can move on from this. This was an awesome series and thanks for sharing it with us. I look forwards to what's next, you haven't failed me yet. Kisses
Maybe you guys could do another 7d2d series, but everyone starts in creative mode and builds one big horde night  defense base or their own horde night defense base and then they defend said base against a massive horde, especially if you fast forward the days to something like day 1001. The guys could even be given a choice of 5 weapons that are random quality from 450 to max, then allowed to stock as much ammo and supplies as they want. Then Adahop could also spawn in a bunch of zombies of various/random types on top of the horde night ones, up to a random number between 20 and 300.\n\nAfter that Adahop showcases his horde night defense base, while the guys each take turns in creative mode spawning in a random number/type of zombies
Ye got fu#ked up!!
Do you guys plan on going back to playing kingdom come deliverance again now that it's finished? I think all of you except simon would love it
Best horde night ever
You guys should start the Forest!!
Season finale! Does that mean there's a season two? Cause I'd love to have that.
Fucking well done adahop!
omg guys that was amazing\ngreatest fail ever i couldnt stop laughing\nadahop especially insane job with the editing and making the death montage and flash backs
By far the best possible finale ever! That bunker may have collapsed but it made the whole season end just perfect. Well Done!
Best episode ever, Simon I'm sorry but you getting worked over bye those traps was perfect.
SO Here I am With my dinner watching Need Gaming But I cannot eat my food do you know Why??\nBecause I could not stop laughing my  ass off\nDoraleous you are Fucking Awesome I give you a greeting
This was the funniest episode by far! Great work guys. Keep up the amazing work!!
That was fabulous! What a way to go out!
And y’all got Thickd
Please don’t end this series
Absolutely loved this series, great ending, so glad it didn’t end with a cliff hanger.  I like how adahop has his own button. Can’t wait till you guys get back to it.
Well, if there actually is a zombie apocalypse.. I'm teaming with Thick. Least amount of deaths, cause he gets kills not killed. #TeamThick44
That was a glorious cluster fuck!
Thanks for the laughs fellas! I will miss this
What a fantastic episode and I'm really going to miss this series.
So this is it? The last 7D2D? Like ever? Or is this just the end of the season and they're going to another one?
7:46 thats what she said!
Wait is thick leaving?
This was truly a magnificent piece of work from the whole neebs gaming team, Thank you for the amazingly hilarious last episode of 7 days!!!
\"Download the map, just remember to fill the hole\"
So much for just sitting and drinking a beer for this hoard
Fuck ya wat a way to end 7 days????
Fun ending guys
I hate to see this series end, it is what brought me to this channel!  Absolutely fantastic finale. Doraleous always means well...??  I just hope after you take a break from this game- you’ll wanna revisit it. Love, love, love, you guys!  Keep up the great work. I look forward to any content you guys create.
Zombies shouldn’t be able to dig in the first place..good job Dora, that shit was dope
Anyone wanna count the amount of deaths for this episode please let me know
Neebs gaming I just love you guys man??\nYou guys create the best content and y’all are very entertaining
Doraleous sure knows how to throw one helluva Halloween party
Great ending. I am glad you guys are letting it rest, so when the update finally come out we'll be ready for more.
and then everyone died. the end
And also i wanna say that it WAS the torches that made your plans fail.
If you look up what FUBAR means you'll probably find this video. LOL
This is really sad but i think its a good Idea becuase you have already milked this com cus when Youve built a giant-ASS bunker and defaeted like day 50 or so then you have besat the game and hopefully you find another really good series to play. Kisses
Season finale! What am I supposed to do on a Friday now? Go out? Talk to the wife? What are you guys trying to do to me! At least my Saturdays are still safe... Ark is life
best episode so far!!!
I hope its not the end of these series.
Season Finale!?! please don't take too long to pick this game up again. this has been one of my favorite series made by you guys. every time I watch you guys play this game I get the urge to play, then I remember I don't have any friends to play with and it goes away... FML. you guys are the best! keep up the good work!
Omg guys that was the best episode yet! I am holding my 8 month old and woke him up so many times laughing my ass off. This is seriously my favorite series
The Neebs Gaming crew death sounds!
Note to self never let doraleous plan horde night.
That was fucking hilarious...
When building underground bunkers zombies will always go to the closest point to you which is directly overhead fire barrels also do not attract zombies like it says they do capp00 tested this out you were never gonna get more than a few to fall down that whole unless you stood under it the whole time :)
well, that was a cluster fuck.
Please say this isnt the end..
So when they say Season Finale are they ending 7 days. Or are they just taking a break from it. Also the Fallout 76 Beta is coming soon. Maybe you guys should hop on
That was one of the best episodes ever.\nThere have only been a few Youtube videos I have watched that have made me laugh so hard.\nBTW; what was the song at the end?
Ya'll got {°~°}THICK{°~°}awesome job adahop.. keep up da guud work NEEBS GAMING like wise ALOHA NUI LOA
Doraleus! If you’re going to fail, fail spectacularly! This was hilarious. \n\nThank you so much to Neebs Gaming for this awesome show and I’m sad to see it is the end of the season! But all good (possibly great) things must comes to an end. Can’t wait to see what coming next!
Only you guys can fuck up something like this ????
My wife and me love the series , AMAZING !!!!!!!! video you made guys. I hope you make another season with the new updated for 7 days to die
That was great best ep thanks sooo much
I don't know why but I found this series more entertaining than the Ark episodes. Maybe it's because of all the ideas that go terribly wrong.
simply epic!
I miss only one sentence \"We survive the horde night\"
Best Horde Night EVER
The best episode of the series! It's funny how I saw this coming lol
Shouldve called the video simon died
OMG - I laughed so hard!  Congrats on your 1 Million subs ( I am prob late in saying so but oh well) .... what a way to celebrate that.  So many little moments that one could speak of and cheer at or jeer at, but honestly I want to say Thank you for the many laughs and time WELL wasted lol !
Much love and thanks for the beautiful journey guys #DoraTomb
Amazing finale guys! I think i can safely say i've watched every episode since go! I can't wait to see what's next for you guys! :)
This is why we don't cut corners folks!!
Does this mean 7 days to die is over?
This is the single greatest one of the series. I'm so blown away from the intro to the exit. Watching the evolution process, from the editing to the gameplay antics, which takes place with every new release is a thing of beauty. Can't wait to see what you guys do next. ??#KissesCuteButt
Hey for the Next Comment on Comment, this episode was on my Birthday and now I am 27 years old. I have been watching your 7 Days and Ark for a while after work and great to watch after having a bad day. Thick you are the best including Appsro. Neebs being to technical and picky, Lord knows why. Dora you are a cheeky son of a gun and Simon being Simon. I can't wait what's in store for you guys in the future videos.\nPeace out and #Thick44GetsKills
Fuck Man i will really Miss this
Soo goof im sad its over. Bless yr hearts
This is the best episode lmao. Fist fight with a cheerleader. Omg lmao.\n\nSo 7 days is no more? Or just taking a break?
this was the best thing very i loved every second of it. i'm sad that this is the finale video, but ill be really happy whenever you guys do go back to it this was one of your best seasons. thank you guys so much for the great content and for all the laughs. and also cheering up my bad day. i love you guy. and keep making great content
Oh, It was August 19th. It should've been right time to stop playing A16 and wait for A17 to be released. Too bad it's delayed.
This is my favorite  game that you guys did u  did a great job it's sad to see it end
And with this our intrepid heroes learn why everybody lines their bunkers on all sides  with reinforced concrete  XD
Well
That was such a good freaking horde night and a perfect ending to the series.
Favorite Series by far from the beginning to the end it as the best to watch by far.
Thanks Doraleous for making my day, Doraleous for NGP\nSeriously if Dora be the president we will have this kind of fun stuff all the time and I like it this way
No I can't live without this series
Oh Lord that was a damn good video. I've not laughed like that at something for a while. Doraleous, it was such a good plan on paper, I'd have loved to see it all pan out as planned but this was so much better than anyone could have imagined. Thanks for all the amazingly good content guys keep it up. Cant wait to see what else you guys get up to in the future.
This was the series I looked forward to every week. I hope you guys decide to carry on with it at some point, but if not, watching the episodes over again still makes me laugh. Love you guys!
In all the  years I have been subscribed, this is without a doubt the finest, most spectacular creation I have witnessed on your channel, I honestly haven't laughed aloud so much in my recent history. Thank you Doralicious! Doraleous for President of Neebs Gaming, it's no longer a competition.
So funny thank you for the great videos.
Just build a tower and surround it with blades and spikes
This was an AWESOME series!!!!!! LOVED IT!!!! Need shirts for this game too ^_^
AMAZING!! Absolutely hilarious
This isn't a mine it's a tomb.
who knew zombies were so smart
Epic way to end.
Bravo, everyone! Seriously enjoyed the series. If make more, we'll watch more.
i wonder what would the result be without the hardening before
Awwwww what a great way to end a fenominal series I'm going to miss this so dam much!!!
Ah well, might as well end the series on a high note. Thanks a lot for making it (and to Adahop for editing it), it's been a blast to watch!
You guys should do a state of decay 2 series next it's a really fun zombie survival or you should do a coop dying light with appsro and thick
Great use of Tchaikovsky's Cannonball
I can’t express how many laughs and good times you all have given my boyfriend and I over the past two years. We love all of your videos and wait in anticipation for each one to be uploaded. I’m going to miss the 7 days to die series as it was my favorite but I’m hoping you’ll be playing Red Dead soon! We love you guys!!
I like the music at the end i dont normally like rock but i liked that doing
I really hope you guys bring this series back soon
OK, this is the best episode ever made.
Great wrap up video.  Now for some SEA OF THIEVES videos..
Is that Tchaikovsky's 1812 overture? Man this is among the best video of the channel!
My girlfriend and I watch all your videos and 7D2D has been our favorite series. When/if you visit 7D2D again we will be watching.
Is that really the end of the series?
Best ever. \nBest ever from Neebs & Co. \nBest ever 7D2D video. \nOne of the very few re-watchable 7D2D videos. \nI’m going to watch it again, right now, and probably annoy my wife, again, by laughing out loud, while she’s reading.
Hopefully for season 2 will be after next update and random map
Eh, I aint watched just yet but I need to know...\nWhat the hell is meant by \"season finale\"??
Absolutely loved every episode.  You guys are fantastic!
PLEASE tell me you guys are going to start another season in A17
Lmfaoo!  Well played guys.  Hate that's the end I watched the entire series multiple times.  P.s. I could watch you guys die all day.      \"OH NICE PUPPY, BBLEHHH\"  rolling!
I think the guy in the intro is Thick44 because he always claims  \"I ... AM A WARRIOR!!!!\"
Will you be doing another season, this was sooooo fun to watch me and my girlfriend look forward to it every week
Thank you for all the great videos in this season....you guys rocked it
Dangit I thought they noticed that if ur underground the zombie that are on the surface dig right on top of you please pin this so others see
I'm 42 seconds in and I already know it's funny like a midget sjw????
Dora's base sucked so much Simon die here more then all of his deaths added together
So sad to see this series end.?? My Fridays won't be complete anymore. Always looked forward to 7 days episodes, please come back to it when alpha 17 hits. Love you guys!!
My favourite part was when the the zombies attacked...
Ugh... So now it's Ark... :( I loved Subnautica, grew to really enjoy this but have always disliked Ark. Now the two best shows on the channel are gone... >_< Revisit Subnautica or do something similar. :(
This was good
y'know, i thought this would be the most safe horde night they would have, and that it would just be them watching zombies drop and get shredded. Exact opposite
If this show ever comes back, I want to see Simon's action plan for the next horde night. Can't be any worse than Dora's build.
RIP Simon
Now you guys should play empyrion
Rock n roll thick. I'm genuinely impressed with you guitar skills, I'm sure that's you playing. Right on man.
I only think they are gonna make a new season fresh and spawn with nothing again... maybe this is just my theory.\nOr this could be the end:(
Sucks when the horde doesn't follow the plan! LOL
Simon  score : rrraaawwrrbaba(sound he makes when he dies) great finale!
When the music started I was saluting for remainder of video.
The best laid plans of mice and Neebs Gaming.
I have been with you guys since before neebs gaming but I swear to Christ, if you kill this serious but keep playing scrap mechanics, you guys are dead to me.... Ok, probably not, but I will be pretty disappointed
Not your day!
So next season Simon should be in charge of hoard night.
Wait, was this the last video of 7days? I loved this series so much!
This is the best video yet!! So much death and faillure, love it!
Please keep doing some kind of zombie survival game series....even if it's not 7 days to die
I cryed from the laugh ;D But I feel little sorry for Dora He really worked lot for this horde night and it's becomed an epic fail.
hey guys theres a prison by that that green fog place if u guys can I would love to see u guys build there for the next horde its already build to hold against a small horde.
What's that song right in the end?
This is one of the best episodes I have seen. I cant not tell how hard I laughed. From the zombies digging  down to the epic fail of everything. Thanks for the entertainment you guys rock.. well except Neebs because I do not want your heads to swell
\"He wants a torch! GIVE THAT MAN A TORCH!!! \" - Neebs \nI'm done ????????
Dorralleus didn’t plug holes
FOREST FOREST FOREST FOREST FOREST FOREST...now that I have your attention, I think it's time for you all to replace this game with the forest. I feel like you all can have a good series out of this. My kids and I had a great laugh through out this episode.
How the hell did the zombies get stuck
My dad just passed away yesterday morning. Not looking for likes or sympathy just wanted to say thank you neebs gaming for making this less hard on me.. Hug your loved ones and tell them how much you love them.
hey neebs try out fortnight save the world it has zombies too (:ps:love the channel
Omg this was the best series I have ever watched on youtube. Been here since the first episode and was sooo excited for every new one. When I saw your 7 days to die videos in my sub box, it was always the first video I clicked. Excellent series and I hope to see season two in the future.??????????\n\n                                         -Ethan
Love it, you guys help fight depression! Thank you!
Minecraft holes or Doraleous Death Holes... Simon just can't resist um.
such a good intro. Very creative and fun
You couldn't find a better way to end this season! Thanks Dora, you are responsible for the best episode ever! \n\n\n\nNow we just wait for that update, right? :D
I love how Dora is laughing the whole time....
Oh god I'm so freaking sad that this is over!!!! :( :( This is my favourite series by far and i love them all so that's saying something. Hopefully you guys will start again with Alpha 17 since there's so much more to come with that release. Love you guys, Jocelyn (aka iwuuvyew) p.s. Ada, you have outdone yourself my friend. Absolutely amazing job!!!
Dora completely ignored the hole leading straight into the bunker??
Great final episode fellas
Championship episode! You know you succeeded when Neebs has to break character. Epic series, epic team. I wonder if there is a death tracker to see how many ways Simon died. Best way to start the day. Hugs and kisses from Corpus Christi.
Now you guys have finished 7 Days to Die will you be starting a fallout 76 series ?
The bunker seemed like a good idea on paper Dora
Loved this series so much, thanks to all involved.  Hope to see you back when they eventually update the game.
(Insert ‘The???? Office’ Reference Here ??) Zah Best!! -Hei-De
FFS Doralingus! I wanna see what this horde would be like without those holes above the safe room!
Thanks for the memories!
Doraleous should be punished for causing the most deaths in the series
No matter what happens in the future, there will never a fuck up like this colossal mess.. absolute loved it, this would have killed cooter if he hadn’t already died, and yes we know it’s a different game
this was the best horde night ever. i was laughing so hard. \n\nand then i realized\n\nTHIS IS THE END OF 7 DAYS???? this series was a masterpiece
Sigh... you know. Journey’s End should be spelled with an apostrophe. I know, I know. But the End belongs to the Journey, right? Just cause we are drowning in Russian collusion, doesn’t mean we should spell like em. Just sayin, later fellas. I really enjoyed the series.
If i could only ask for two things in this life, it would be more Neebs seven days to die, and more Doraleous and associates.
The only thing to make this episode better would be if the bunker was a trap the whole time and it was blown making it the final tomb.
Season 2? ??
Spectacular, this failure satiates me.
can someone explain the copy and paste at the end?
You guys have to let doraleus prep for hord night everytime this was definitely the most entertaining one yet
this palce aint haunted this place is cursed
Silly fuckers
More seven days to die????
The 1812 Overture playing at the end was massively epic! I saw Doraleous Death Hole on the Family Values tour in '98. Please bring a new season on this series if A17 ever releases in our lifetime. (I want an Adahop key on my computer now)
Next time have a plan 2.\nYes, I'm using numbers instead of letters so I don't ran out of plans.
Just for future reference you guys got upset over the beakers in the supply drop, but beakers actually sell for a lot of tokens at traders
F
Oh the carnage, an epic end to an epic series
This may have been the third time I've watched this video. Thankyou
Best hoard night ever
I'm so fucking sad right now. Loved this series. Hope updates makes it come back better.
One of the best youtube series of all time
After weeks of Dora preparing for hoard night all by himself while the others piss fart around doing sweet fuck all episode after episode, the second it goes wrong you all blame Dora? Fuck you guys. Dora should have left them all to fend for themselves on the surface. Love you Dora, you sexy sexy man!
Is that metal thick at the end? Hopefully the fun pimps hear it and sneak you guys into alpha 17! Great episode, so funny I spat out my Weetabix
I'll save y'all the trouble of watching with 3 words... Failed death montage
For all this y'all should've just made a big ass pitfall
Please Check out Osiris: New Dawn for possible new content!
...really had high hopes for this
A great way to end a great series well done guy's well done
Nooo! This series was gold. Gold I tell you!
Will you guys do a PvP game just for fun?
- German encirclement and subsequent occupation of the Maginot Line - 1940 colorized
I loved it I just kept hearing Benny hill chase music in my head
LMFAO!! Called it XD\n\nWell done guys :D I dunno what's funnier.. the fact that Dora fucked you all or the fact he laughed the entire time XD
T-shirt concept,  “Simon died again”, “did Simon die?” , Or “ Simon’s dead”
BRAVO Gentlemen...……….BRAVO !!
I would of liked to see Simon organise a horde night setting it up how he wanted it. but great series, amazing ending. Can't wait to see the next one you bring out! keep it up :)
All good things come to an end.
338 hours? them are rookie numbers boys
Now I really can’t wait for alpha 17 to drop
I've been being patient this whole time with the devs getting A17 out, but if my favorites series from you all hinges on it then my patience is suddenly out the window.
I loved it
I'm going to miss this series!
you know they'll never return to a game when they say they'll probably return to it some day... but damn what an awesome run this series had, especially for a game that is mediocre at best
I ain't even sad about the end of this series because that just means we may be getting a new series, and that's always good. Can't wait to see what it could be.
Ok fella that was amazing. Thanks for the wonderful series and props to ada for the perfection that is his editing!!
damn what a way to end the series! Whether or not you guys make another one is up to you, but this was fantastic and I certainly hope you do! Good luck my boys
When I said best base yet ....i was mistaken. It just looked good..and could have been good... apologies.
I love how Doraleous had zero concern for that hole while he was building this bunker.
Actually kind of glad the bunker failed as drastically as it did, in truth it made for a better end to the series than seeing the guys just beast through another horde night.\n\nOutstanding series from beginning to end, can’t wait to see what you guys come up with next. Would love to see this game revisited in some form down the line
Dear god, I was waiting for the score at the end and instead noticed that you said something like you were gonna stop making 7days to die videos. Please put this on commenting on comments and answer what you guys really mean. Is the series on a halt?
Play Call of Duty BO4. Zombies and Blackout. Will be great/funny videos!
Best. Video. Ever! Can’t wait to see what y’all do in alpha 17.
Even better than your usual awesomeness. Looking forward to when you return to this game, and what you plan to play next. Maybe Fallout 76?\n\nAnd Adahop for president.
Please play dont starve together next
Damnit, Anthonyhop.
Anyone else notice the date of the break in didn't match with the date the last time 7dtd was played? Also, I'm so sad you won't continue the series. I loved the amount of laughter it brought and you guys made it such a show. You guys are awesome and Simon is also funny ????
Get rid of the shitty cookie cutter music.
The 1812 was nice touch guys.
One of the best series to watch, sad that it had to end. Hopefully you guy play Alpha 17 when it come out.
Please don't stop making 7 Days To Die videos!!!!!
So did Doraleous finally break and kill everyone? Was that his plan all along?
What's next for Friday's? Coc?
Best season finale ever..... BRAVO Neebs gaming and Adahop!!!\n\nAnd BRAVO Anthony duck whatever..
Don’t u guys dare end this series. Il let u have a break till alpha 17 and that’s it go to random gen or something
I work late shifts every other week. That means that im alone at the kitchen table with no one to talk to. But watching this 7D2D series has kept my mood up and given me comfort after a days hard grind at the saltmines.\nSo thanx NEEB´s Gaming Crew and everybody who goes into making this possible for ME to watch. \nBig hugs from Sweden. You have given a worn soul some light to warm itself by. Keep it up. :)
What editing software do you guys use? Love what you guys do!
It was a great season
I am so sad this is the end ??????
The forest
Simon died\nSimon died\nSimon died\nSimon died\nSimon died\nSimon died\nSimon died\nSimon died\nSimon died\nSimon died\nSimon died\nSimon died\nSimon died\nSimon died\nSimon died\nSimon died\nSimon died\nSimon died\nSimon died\nSimon died\nSimon died\nSimon died\nSimon died\nSimon died\nSimon died\nSimon died\nSimon died\nSimon died\nSimon died\nSimon died\nSimon died\nSimon died\nSimon died\nSimon died\nSimon died\nSimon died\nSimon died\nSimon died\nSimon died\nSimon died\nSimon died\nSimon died\nSimon died\nSimon died\nSimon died\nSimon died\nSimon died\nSimon died\nSimon died\nSimon died\nSimon died\nSimon died\nSimon died\nSimon died\nSimon died\nSimon died\nSimon died\nSimon died\nSimon died\nSimon died\nSimon died\nSimon died\nSimon died\nSimon died\nSimon died\nSimon died\nSimon died\nSimon died\nSimon died\nSimon died\nSimon died\nSimon died\nSimon died\nSimon died\nSimon died\nSimon died\nSimon died\nSimon died\nSimon died\nSimon died\nSimon died\nSimon died\nSimon died\nSimon died\nSimon died\nSimon died\nSimon died\nSimon died\nSimon died\nSimon died\nSimon died\nSimon died\nSimon died\nSimon died\nSimon died\nSimon died\nSimon died\nSimon died\nSimon died\nSimon died\nSimon died\nSimon died\nSimon died\nSimon died\nSimon died\nSimon died\nSimon died\nSimon died\nSimon died\nSimon died\nSimon died\nSimon died\nSimon died\nSimon died\nSimon died\nSimon died\nSimon died\nSimon died\nSimon died\nSimon died\nSimon died\nSimon died\nSimon died\nSimon died\nSimon died\nSimon died\nSimon died\nSimon died\nSimon died\nSimon died\nSimon died\nSimon died\nSimon died\nSimon died\nSimon died\nSimon died\nSimon died\nSimon died\nSimon died\nSimon died\nSimon died\nSimon died\nSimon died\nSimon died\nSimon died\nSimon died\nSimon died\nSimon died\nSimon died\nSimon died\nSimon died\nSimon died\nSimon died\nSimon died\nSimon died\nSimon died\nSimon died\nSimon died\nSimon died\nSimon died\nSimon died\nSimon died
Thus is the best finally
That song was awesome!
I LOVE IT, but one thing NEVER EVER LET DORALEOUS ever build you base please??, and this mark (hopefully??) end the 7 days to die series, and the start of season 2 of it or the start of minecraft survival again, or ( which is what I want) the start of emperion galactic survival ( I'm hoping its emperion galactic survival, because that would be SO COOL just saying)???????????????????????? #winnerwinnerchickendrumstickwinner
Your video titles have been dark lately, you all better not be breaking up the band or some dumb shit like that. We all love the videos way to much.
That was painful.
The setup wasn't bad and that covered hole wasn't really the problem. You need to plan how to lead them to you. Zombies will take the easiest route to you and will path through doorways even when closed. \nIf you lock yourself in a room without doors or climb to a spot they can't reach, which looks to be the case here, they will path straight through terrain to you.\nAlso, need an exit plan if they breach..
Will there be more next week
I love your taste in music lol
This was a funny way to end it but I can’t help but feel sad that it’s over I’ve been watching this series since day 1!!!!
Nooooooo!!\nIts the end????\nMake season 2 please?
Well done boys! Amazing ending to a great series.
The only thing to make this better is if there was a fail safe of just blowing the entire room up
I retract last weeks comment that Dora should be president
Thick44 can sing I like that song at the end
Thank god this show is ending. The only episodes worth watching were the hoard nights.
You Sank my Battle Hole
21:36\n\nTrying to use the communication wheel in ARK like...
OMG can stop laughing
Noooo! Please don't end the series Neebs Gaming. 7 Days To Die is my all time flavored series by you guys. it is awesome. You guys are awesome. Anyways keep up the stellar work guys, especially you Appsro.      \n\nP.S.\nWhy the fuck does Neebs build a Fucking barn in every video game.
I'm so happy that I waited all day to watch this, a rough day of 16hrs of work finished off with laughing out loud with my cat at Simon blender hopping lol I think my neighbors think I'm crazy now. You guys are so fucking cool!!!!
Why are you stopping!?
That was so craptacular I was laughing so hard I cried.
Hi neebs gaming
That was glorious
All that work Doraleous did couldn’t have been more anticlimactic.
Eh pretty great episode despite adashit rigging the game. Great job as always 5 of you guys are hilarious.
The fortress was a lie all along!
“I’m in a fist fight with a cheerleader”\nQuote of the day neebs my good man.
Man, I really love y'all NOOBS!
Start a new series - Commenting on Public
Your thermostat is broken
I know this is likely not even gonna be featured on next commenting on comments, but why is this series ending? By far my favourite series by you guys.\n\n(I've seen several seasoned youtubers do playthroughs of late game horde nights and Doraleous' idea was the general strategy of all of them. I was puzzled how this one was failing from all the rest, about a minute later I got my answer. Best horde night ever!)
Holy fuck balls best horde yet
Is that why y'all wanted to travel to journeys end? Well gta say i loved the series and i'm looking forward for somerhing new.
do you guys ever play with your fans?
Bravo gentlemen. Bravo. \"Slow clap\"
Quote of the vid: \"Doraleous' death hole\" - gold!
Great series, gutted to see it finished but totally understand the limitations of 7dtd. I look forward to seeing what you fill the slot with. I understand you just did a first and last day in Aberration but with Extinctions delay it's never a better time to give Aberration a go.
Favorite episode by far
Frikcen spazing out coz the outro so dang amazing
Who has control of the thermostat in your office? I’m sure you guys argue about the temperature all the time.
Best/worst/funniest 7 dtd episode EVER!??????
Died more than every other episode combined
Fantastic editing, great bunker, I'm sorry we didn't get to see it work quite as intended. Well done, everyone.
I'm genuinely sad, please come back to it, my Fridays will never be the same :(
Holy poop you guys ended that right on the expiration date and I’m not disappointed whatsoever
This was the funniest 7 days video I've seen. Doraleous you really out did yourself.
The most spectacular fail ever ??????. Not only did they try to attract zombies with burning barrel that doesn’t increase the heat map, they also trusted Dora’s “plan”. Simon probably died in this horde night as much as in the rest of the series ??. Now comes the hard part. Waiting 3 months for the A17 season ??
Zombies were using hacks. Knew exactly where to dig and drop.
I'm going to miss this, This was my favourite series
I fucking piss my pants so hard I need a sponsorship from OxiClean. Funniest shit ever
COOTER
epic
Scrap outlasts 7 days? Really?  Y'all can do a random gen map if you need something new.
i really loved this whole series. great job all round!
I hope this isnt the end of the series. I play myself on xbox and everytime I watch you guy, I play mine at the same time on another tv beside my gaming screen. You guys are hilarious and I get into every episode yall do like an actual tv show. Hopefully this isnt the end......
epic fail
No wtf!!! This was my favorite series
2:25 i could kill em. \n\nHaha love it when dora does that
Why did he assault the thermostat like that?
This better not be the last ep because I will be so so so very hurt
I hope you guys WILL continue this series once the alpha 17 or beta or whatever, it will have new content for you guys to make out with it.
Hey remember in The Matrix 3 when all the machines were coming in through the ceiling at Xion? Yeah this was nothing like that.
This is the best
Hell of a finale.
fantastic series. i thoroughly enjoyed it and looked forward to every friday nights adventure. thx guys
Haven't laughed this hard in quite sometime guys, really lifted my spirits today and I think I peed a little yeesh
Don't  Be cunts
Thanks for always entertaining us. Just a quick question. Did y'all know that there is a character in the new assassins creed game named testicles (or however you spell it) like from Doraleus and associates? I was just curious if it was a shout out to y'all in the game. Thanks again for all that you do.
perfect base with the perfect back door what a piece of shit hahahahaha love u Dora!
So is the next season is when you guys start playing Alpha 17 comes out?
Holy shit, that was amazingly ridiculous! Please don’t take too long of a break, always need Neebs Gaming’s 7Days to die. Return for Alpha 17?
oh man it seems like we just started
Dorealous is the type of guy who 3 problems and then only overly solve 1 leading to his fate
I've been following the series since it began last year! Man, while I'll certainly miss the series, I have to say this was the best way the series could end! Just a real Murphy's Law of a night. I hope one day y'all return to the game!
hopefully we can get more ark going, yall still need to beat island boss
Its like a time when you beat a very good camping to a game then it starts rolling through the credits and a good song starts to play
Nooooooo no more 7 days ????
it's what happens when you half ass a construction
This must have been a nightmare to edit. Best 7d2d ever, great job guys! appsro for PONG!
best episode ever guys:) Doraleous should have had the who ceiling covered in blocks that is why it failed lol
What's that song called
Can't wait for season 2 with Alpha 17 and Random World Gen.
Simon Score 0\nDora               2\nNeebs            2\nApp                8\nThick             10\n\nNeebsGaming  100\nKeep up the good work!\n\nI admit though i thought this was going to work great.  Sucks put so much time and effort into and it didnt go right still was fun to watch.
I never really liked this series but now that it’s done I think I might miss it.
Why why whyyyyyyy nooo 7 days it was the best part of my video week??????????????????
Bring back raft
What a hell of a year! Thank you guys so much for this amazing series. I love how much passion and character you guys put into your shows, and for me, 7dtd has been one of the best (if not the best) shows that you guys have ever produced. Thank you gentlemen for the memories, and the fun for my Friday evenings!
Thanks for this!
Adahop, this was your masterpiece. Gentlemen this series has been a joy since day one. I will miss it.
This was great ??. I’m Hoping the next new series will be red dead 2 online. Or Minecraft I miss those days.
That was great!
This videos is just a montage of all you dying ??
horde night was an inside job
Neebs and team totally got Doraleoused. This is where he comes up with a incredibly elaborate half baked idea that ultimately fails horribly. Just like in his scrap mechanic vids. Seriously best episode though guys. My girlfriend and I couldn't stop laughing.
You tube is currently sucking the joy out of my already sad soul. Had a huge smile 15 seconds in...then that buffering swirling Bitch pops up and I want to pull my pubes out with my teeth? Can I get my one smile in for the day thanks YT.
I won't suck up to you and beg for a second season. We need a break, and all good things need to come to an end. But if you cancel it... you're dead to me.
Sooooo... what's worse? Blindly charging into things a fucking everyone over (Thicked) or preparing for something but leaving a Death Star style flaw in your design (Doraleous'd/Dored)???
Simon you're like the 1 single herpe in the group. You've got a good looking group of players doing well and then the herpe gets spotted by a potential suitor and embarrasses everyone involved. Excellent video guys! Including the herpe. ????????????
Lesson learned. Never trust Dora to design anything.
I wonder what theyll be doing next. Such a good series.
I haven't laughed this much in a long time.. thank you guys.
I had such high hopes for this episode but...... DORA FUCKED IT UP!!!!!  GOD DAMNIT.  I love you guys thanks for the videos,  fuck off dora.
Woah... my dudes, I already commented but I just had to come back and watch this episode again. Holy shit what a finale, by the time Neebs was fist punching that cheerleader at the end.. I just can't even believe it, that was a straight up masterpiece. I really hope you guys come back to 7 days after the update and when you find time again. That was a golden episode, and a fantastic series. Neebs Gaming 4 Life !
The Wife and I have not laughed so hard at your stuff in a long time. We saw this happening as soon as the reveal and its the best way to end the series.
This has been, by far, my favorite series. I hope Season Finale doesn't become Series Finale. \n\nJust think...  What will this game be like once they finally get to full release version. :)
My wife just gave birth to our second son two days ago. We both just came home from the hospital around midnight tonight on very little sleep. Obviously  she needed rest more so I volunteered to watch him while she slept first.  Currently holding him in my arm while writing this. Shhhh, he's sleeping.\n\nThanks Neebs Gaming for being with me in this memory and helping me stay awake.
A beautiful end.
Helluva finale.  Gonna miss this series.  Empyrion, maybe?
Worst vacation evar
No more 7d2d???? Noooooooo life itself is cancelled!
This was the best 7 days to die episode ever, it made me laugh so much.love this series  I’m going to miss it . keep creating great videos
Loved it... Great job\nSoundtrack plz.\\m/
I love you guys but how in the hell did you get this far in the game and still need to search for med packs. I guess it's why we all love you so much.
The journey has come to the enemy
Complete blood bath. I think doralios maybe should of dug deeper? I heared of someone playing this game that built nice base, then one hored night the zombies collapsed the whole base from underneath.
I cant believe thats it????
We're gonna die here\nIn Doraleous' death hole\nAll hell lets loose as the ceiling falls in on them along with piles of zombies.\nDoraeous giggling in the corner like a LIL BITCH.\nFUCK YOU DORALEOUS\n\nMeanwhile Simon dying (more than the others) to the sound of music as the FPS hits apocalypse levels.\n\nA truly spectacular end to a great series. Love y'all. Was the tampering Ada's doing?
Awesome series!!!!!!
What’s the next series
ALL OF UR STUFF IS ENDING WTFF , FIRST THE OTHER ARK MAPS, SUBNITICA WHYY
Oh, Doraleous... keep being you, man.. even if it means spending too many hours building what inevitably would become a death trap. A massive, massive death trap. What a great episode haha.
\"I bet you there's paper in him\"; Simon, 2018, 7 Days to Die: Journeys End
I'll never forget that Appsro uses his clipped finger nails for toothpicks.
Wait season or series
wow. the edits the song choice. best episode yet. ps pretty sure you guys would have been fine except Simon was taking away the defenses lol
You built our tomb lol
What an ending, and what a series. Can’t wait to see you guys return to this someday. Great series!! Excited for what the future holds!
They will probably come back when alpha 17 is out
Don’t think I’ve ever laughed as much as I have in this series.  Maybe Neebsylvania, I’ve watched that one at least 10 times thru, laugh every time Simon falls in a hole still.
Doraleous.... Omg.... Dude!!! That fucking bunker man, I had such high hopes that it was going to be the BEST HORDE BUILD EVER IN THE HISTORY OF YOUR HISTORY OF PLAYING THIS GAME. EVER. I'm sorry it fell apart so quickly, but omg what a hell of an ending. Love you guys and will miss this series so much
A great end to a great series. Now that you’re done with 7 Days to Die will you be putting AdaHop away in storage?
Fantastic show guys!
You know what this means guys... SUBNAUTICA IS COMING!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Wow just got to say the whole episode was amazing from open song to the tears of laughter. Derelious ur bunker was a horrified failure but your vision was in lack of stability. Neebs crew do any of you have xbox? GT Shadowflyer11 I got a bunker even needs would love with 300 farm plots.
best... cluster..... fuck.... ever! 10/10 even with a plan you somehow fail and make one of the best videos ever. i laughed so hard at the dead screams i scared my cats haha good job guys
If it hasn't been discussed already I would like to bring up the idea of Red Dead Redemption 2 Rage Deputy.
Doraleus surely did do a good job and I know it’s scripted...u guys “if serious” wouldn’t of built below the holes in the ground but none the less I loved this and I want more 7 days
The editing was on fleek.
I love the #breadstrong song at the end....
Hands down. Nothing else but all I can say right now is I freakin loved it.
So whats next? Im excited
This makes me so sad.
Please don’t let this be the end!!!
So... Doraleous for president?
rip to the best youtube show ever
You guys should play this again but use mods
Awesome you broke 1mill on my birthday!!!!!
As usual, another amazing Neebs Gaming series, keep doing what you're doing because it's great!
love this series guy please bring it back around after awhile
Best vid ever!! Omg almost pisted my self.
Haha...just.. hahaha...this was great! ????
This is officially your best Fubar compilation
I knew they wouldn't path right so i wondered how you guys were going to twist it
Damn this was awesome.  and that bunker looked sick, doralious is some kind of mastermind... evil or not (this is still a deathtrap). looking forward to whatever your doing next!
Y’all never fail to make me laugh.
That was epic, awesome video!
I died laughing the whole time!  Hope you guys come back to it or do an equally as awesome series in it's place.
i totally hope you guys revisit 7 days to die after the patch 17 comes out
Hey neebsgaming I luv all you guys your are my favorite you tubers been watching sins battlefield friends seson 1 you guys are amazing and the best youtubers you guys should have like 100 million subscribers..... Any who happy Halloween and great job with the series I would luv a heart from you guys and maybe even a reply comment from all of you wish I could meet you guys in person but I'll never have that kind of $$$$ so a heart and a comment will do????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????.      To Appsro ???????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????? from you #1 fan
Hahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahaha!!!!!!!!
That was fucking spectacular. Kudos to all of you crazy mofos
AWESOME SONG DURING END CREDITS!!!
Can we just hold one candle light vigil and call Simon good :D
The end of 7 days to die for neebsgaming for a while ????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????
wow . really .
Best hord night ever. Ty for making these amazing videos. Greatest channel in all of youtube.
What are you going to post on Fridays now. I always look forward to a 7 days episode on Fridays.
I just hear dora laughing his ass off and having the time of his life. Price less
Bottom line, epic season finale! Thank you guys!
Man that was such a good episode.
I loved this series so much it became my favorite, other than ark. It only seems like yesterday you guys started it, But everything has a end and, I can't wait for whatever new game you guys are planning for a series next. NEEBS GAMING IS #1 \nohhh yeaaa, I noticed the channel is getting pretty close to 2million subs. We are still coming for you Pumkinpie!
Simon Died\nSimon Died\nSimon Died\nSimon Died\nSimon Died\nSimon Died
simon's deaths always brings me joy lmao!! best episode yet!!!
What does this meeeeaaann!? I'm scared!!
By far the most successful ford night
Conan? On Fridays? Plz? Btw loved every episode such a fantastic series
Sitting at work on my break in my truck  And  Laughing my butt off as people walk by and wondering what the hell as I scream no Simon    Easily the best 7 days to die video I have ever seen
Oh nelly. When will you learn that earth can be torn through easier than metal.
this was so bad in the best way! love it!!
Lol i love the zombie kill count. Neebs and dora are neck and neck. Appsro does his thing and plays out safe when he can. Simon is,well, he's Simon. Hes not about skill, but a nessessary addition. Without Simon, neebs gaming wouldn't be the same.\nAs for thick, he's the go too man. Wtg.\nOne question, who's seepyg?
This was the best
A beautiful disaster. Cheers for a good series. It was nice to see both human and zombie come together in the end and live without borders, in the most difficult environment one could imagine, sharing the same devices of death and pools of gore, in complete chaos and disharmony, like Europe. Just Kidding, or am I? I hope to see someday once more, man and zombie share a mortal dance in a dungeon of death, that only the mind of an isolated Dora could craft. Cheers.
Pls play dyinglight pls like if you agree
Any excuse to use the 1812 Overture is great, and this was a grand display.  Can't wait for you guys to return to it.\n\nI suppose this could be a Commenting on Comments question: Do you guys plan on replacing 7 Days to Die with something else for Fridays?  I know you've mentioned Conan Exiles a few times and its definitely something I'd like to see you give a proper go.
So sad this series is ending! I loved every episode! Hope you come back to it eventually, as it was such a great laugh! Keep on keeping on guys!
Adahop, thank you for all your awesome work on this series! Hope you and the crew are back at it very soon.
If I know anything from these guys... Their ideas NEVER work the way they want. Who else saw that coming from a mile away?
Ending just in time to do a red dead redemption 2 series. Smart move boys. Lots can be done there. Really looking forward to you guys getting your hands on that. Rage sheriff maybe? Loved it guys. You kept this game alive long after I got bored waiting for A17 on console. Can't wait to see what's next. Thanks guys
Go get the drop simon..see you in hell.
MORE 7 DAYS!!!!!!
Great video adahop!!! And Thick’s song at the end was so good!!!
Addy. I must commend you. You have brought a fresh perspective to Neebsgaming that they were looking for. Look at what you did with Subnautica when it returned. Look at CSN. Where would that channel be w/o you? You are the no-neck face that brought this channel to 1.7+mill. Great job. Love your face and btw Scrap has been renewed with you at the helm.
Thick must have chosen the music, reminda me of avengers sevenfold. Good stuff! Ps. Neebs you said you would do an aberration series
Awesome video, and I'll definitely miss this series ;-;
Just like in Dwarf Fortress, \"Losing is Fun!\"
Adahop, that was some diabolical shenanigans. Doraleous, the road to Hell is paved with good intentions. Simon, watch out for the mines.
Thanks so much for this season.  Please times 5000 do alpha 17.
My grandma walks in the room and asks where’s all that noise is coming from I just told her I was watching porn because it was easier then to acutely explain what the fuck I was watching at the middle of the night ??
About to watch this for the second time today. Once was not enough to take it all in. Is this the last ever episode of 7 Days To Die or are yous just taking a break for a bit?(Edit: I watched to the very end this time, I found the answer to my question) Peace and prosperity guys
ok that was great, not surprise it didn't work. there is not something right about someone that talks to themselves with a gun pointed at there friends .... lol
Man, this is like a Kenny death of constant proportions. I needed a good laugh after the week I had lol.
C'mon man, if you're going to stop one of the best series you have, get all the videos to show up in the playlists. There's a bunch missing.
Hahahahahahaha poor simon
great episode as always, but in particular this intro ... loved it, good job guys :)
I never comment but i have to say that song at the end absolutely rules. And simon you just suck man... sorry
Simons score shouldn’t be a 1 it should be a 10 just like Dora and the rest of you guys , thank you so very much for making a fantastic episode and making me look stupid in front of my already disappointed father as I screamed in laughter and yelled at my phone  is so awesome
Well I guess it's back to watching Megazord.
I have never spent 24 minutes giggle snorting at a video until today. What an amazing setup and  even if it was a failure it still was fantastic to watch
Do the prison and make simon do all the fortifications it does not take much its almost all concrete
Haha death Trapped because of that hole ??
Much preparation..much death.
Too fucking good. Lol!
I shouldn’t have watched this while eating dinner. I think I inhaled a metric ton of rice as I gasped for air while laughing hysterically. Worth it. Thank you for a great series!
I laughed so hard I think I peed a little
what a beautifully edited shit show
21:37 fucking killed me ????
I loved this series
No please play more
sees the rumble that was shown falling \"My god...  they evolved...\"
Duck duck goose
So long 7 Days, twas funny while it lasted ????
Love you guys so much! Can't wait to see the next series!
Once again Simon is a douche
Guys, I don’t know how to explain how much your videos mean to me and my mental health. You guys can cheer me up no matter what mood I’m in and it’s something really special. Please for the love of god don’t finish this series, we all love it, clearly! I’ve never met you but you feel like good friends, that’s mental when you think about it. I may of had a few beverages, but I mean every word.
Let’s see what Simon can do
That was great. Bravo neebs cast bravo
i knew dora's base design was gonna fail........but damn..........this exceeded my expectations in so many ways. best episode yet.....cant wait for alpha 17
That was epic, great producing as well
It the end of the season at journeys end
Sweet chocolatey Jesus that was the most glorious failure I have ever witnessed! Friggin LOVE THIS CHANNEL! KEEP IT UP GUYS!
Gods this was glorious.  I've loved the whole series, but this was epic.  You guys are awesome, Congrats on the button there.  Me and my guys love your vids and look forward to more. (of any game not just 7dtd).  <3
Shall now be referred to as The Great Collapse
What does August 19th represent?
Play more beamng drive
Why did you end it here at least let Simon host a hord night guys
Holy fuckin shit. I laughed my ass off Simon I love your balls to the wall approach to everything especially when it gets you killed, Dolorion hell fuckin yeah what a build in what will now forever be known as the glory hole
Fucking awesome!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
I've been looking forward to this!!! I am only :49 into the viedo. Y'all take care it's time to watch.
I am going to Miss this series and one thing you guy forgot to put a way your Spider-Man game because in August spider Man didn't came out till September
Non stop ACTION! ! ! Awe man! !...?????? Great job guys....really enjoyed this series ??????????????????
Well that backfired.
I have loved this series since you started making it and have been watching every episode the day it comes out. Thank you so much for the entertainment. If you ever get back to creating 7 days again try the pitfall trap build.
Masterpiece
I'm definitely gonna miss this series but hopefully you guys will bring it back later. That was the best one, great work you guys
Guys that was the best video of neebs gaming ever .??????????
Congrats guys, well done on another great episode and an amazing series! Is the the end, or will you go to a new map now?
Best worst episode ever, or is to the worst best ever. Whatever fucking hilarious!
This was the greatest use of the War of 1812 Overture I've ever witnessed
Why does it have to end!!!!??!
so will the series continue?
Next challenge  build base on top of metal bridge #thickchallenge
All the props I gave Dora last episode, ya I've got to take it all back. How did you not fill those holes in. A bit disappointed in that, all that planning gone to waste
I see you guys are signed up for the 7 days to die A17 stream event, you gonna be streaming that? playing on 17????
A wonderful end to a wonderful series hope it comes back
Really hope that there more of this in the future. You guys crack me up!
What's next gents.? Hope its something as fun as 7Dd was world peace! An much love! From trigrhap gaming!
as as suggestion if you ever do another horde night, dig a continuous long tunnel lined with torches deep inside of a mountain lined with all kinds of obstacles for the horde to try and reach you.
Awesome work guys what's your plans from here?
This was awesome, wish you could do another horde with Simon doing the defenses. At the bottom of the map kind of to the left is a prison that would be perfect for him to build up. Thank you guys for making many laughs for me and your fans. Since I started watching your videos, my days have been more happier to say the least. I have also been going back to watch all of your videos from the past. Thanks again for making my days better!!!
Would love to see entire series death count for everyone if available.
What a glorious end for a glorious series
Hahah! 19:10 thick’s shock was so sincere??
Hope season 2 of neebsyvania is coming
I predicted this would happen. I thought about saying something but decided it would be funnier if I didnt. I was not disappointed.
Best horde night ever...
Don't let this be the end. PLEASE!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Truly an epic ending, no other channel can claim to produce as high quality gaming videos as you all kisses all round
End of an amazing Adventure
You guys should try MODDED 7DTD.
It's over, so what will replace it? Honestly though this is better than any TV series and film. This has been the best thing, and each episode and brought me so much joy, thank you Neebs crew xox
That’s the best ending anyone could have done for this series.  SOOOO FUNNY
Pew - pew pew  LMAO ?? ????
always wanted to watch a neebs gaming SAW movie ??
Welp, that went pretty much exactly the way I expected it to. I think you guys said it best, it was a fantastic, fantastic failure.
Whats going to replace this series then my dudes???
That was just fantastically entertaining.
Simon's death noises are always the best part of the show.
Dora, thank you. I needed that good of a laugh after this week.
Great way to end a series. Although I know you will probably return in 2020(I know you guys I have watched every series ,I know how lazy you are).
VRV, enough said.
That intro music is so Nightmare Before Christmas -ish
I can't imagine how frustrating that night must have been to get through but damn was it funny to watch. I have so many tears from laughing so hard. ????????????
That was the most hilarious and epically  disastrous horde night I've ever seen. Thank you guys for such a great series. Spot on editing in this one Adahop.  I'm sad to see this end, but hopefully after A17 goes stable you guys will do a season 2 for 7DTD. Loved it and thanks guys.
This is basically my rust experience so far
Is this the last episode ever?
That was fucking epic...
that credit music is actually kinda good
so will you guys be back in alpha 17?
Fantastic episode!
FFS Doraleous I wanted to believe in you soooo bad. But if it has to end like this at least it ended in a BIG WAY.
You guys are awesome. I loved the game only from watching you play it. I really wish that I get to meet you guys just to tell you how funny you are. ??
I'm so sad. Why did it end? Next base, simon is in charge? Each person has their own \"death trap\" at least. Like each person has their own location for a horde
I'm seriously gonna miss this series
Best episode ever! Spectacular disaster indeed.
\"Downfall\" haha
i laughed so hard i started choking
Is this the end? Either way this is my favourite series on the neebs gaming channel.
wow ada has a special A key and wow what build up to a hopeful horde night to 1 big disappointment
I dont even know how you guys do it. you take something and make it a million times more badass. Always hilarious film gold.
When I saw the thumbnail it said \"season finale\" and I thought instead that it said \"series finale\"and I almost died inside thinking this was the end.
Soooo, why exactly did anyone think this was going to work? DORALEOUS BUILT IT!
Holy fuck,I love you guys so much. I can’t wait for a possible next season and I can’t describe how much I loved this one. Too sad to have it come to an end. But what an ending it was.
this is gold, pure gold i love it especially the montage of deaths, then neebs when he says \"im in a fist fight with a cheerleader\" cracked me up
I can't like this video enough. OMG guys well done that was hilarious AND epic!!!  The playing of the 1812 Overture was genius, i laughed my ass off.  Bravo!
I have loved the series so much I just hope you go back to it or maybe start fallout 76
Nice ending, sad day... This is my favorite next to Ark.
Glad this series ended on such a high note.  Would like to see an occasional revisit just for a big horde night defense if someone had a creative base idea, even if it was built in creative mode to start and everyone was given some gear and levels.   These horde nights were what I looked forward to the most in this series.  The chaos and excitement really brought out your dynamics like back in the neebsylvania days.   Will miss it, but looking forward to whats next
We shall salute this great ep
Alpha 17 let's go!
It’s sad to see the series end
Holy shit. What a cluster fuck that was. Loved every minute of it.
Just want to say. Great job Doralius
I hope you guys have some great stuff planned!... I loved the weekend line up and now this!. I trust you guys (1st ever sub was to you guys). And more pod casts as I drive alot at work and you guys make a hour feel like 2. Thanks. ARE YOU A MAN
Absolutely, hands down the best series of deaths I have ever seen, and I am glad I got to see it on the one and only NEEBS GANING!!!!
Wait is this the end of the 7 days serious
Ya'll better be back for version 17 of the game! :)
At least it ended the way it should have. With you all getting what you deserve.
Best ending ever, even though Adahop uped it all, and you guys died time and time again. And in my own personal opinion, I think Neeb's lighthouse and Dora's original bunker would have faired better. Can't wait for Appsro with RDR2, I know he can't either. Love you guys, and kisses for everyone ??
this video made my night lol  best part is watching Doraleous  watch and laugh ... man i am 32 yrs old and i love watching your video  hands down i  really hope for a season 2 of 7 days to die ... random gen map ... ?
Thank you for bringing us this series, it was so entertaining, I can’t wait to see what you’ll be working on next and start a new series with you guys
Holy crap, I lost it when they started falling in! The I instantly thought to myself about Simon dying a lot. Lmao he never fails to deliver! Hate to see the series go though it’s one of my favorite, but with the big update coming it’s a wise decision. Play some Conan Exiles dam it !!
What a way to go out, not in a bang or an explosion but with several bangs leading to a boom that collapses the whole ceiling. Well done!!
Anybody else recognize the music from the scorched earth boss battle?
I love this series. You have gone from being noob's scared out of your wits in the police station, to building your own houses, and it all ends like this. I've gotta say this whole thing has taken many turns. Some for the worst... Looking at you Doraleous... Fantastic, all of you get a cookie in my book
ROFL this episode was one of the best, if not the best one.
Looking forward to Red Dead hijinks now this is over for now.
I will never tire of the \"Simon death noise\"  I smile every time he makes that sound  and it happens a lot so I'm pretty happy
I’m going to miss this series it was one of my favorite but now apsro can do subNautica sub zero
I love 7 Days to Die and I love the videos you guys make I hope one day when Alpha 17 comes out that you guys will return to this series refreshed and eager for new challenges but it's been a fun ride and I've enjoyed every episode and I just want to thank each and everyone of you!
Now MINECRAFT AGAIN! :D :D
Simply.Fucking.Amazing. \nWell done Ada! \n\nOh and thanks for showing us how do use your maps. Been trying to figure that out since the Valley House.
This is the greatest 7 days to die video. Ever. \n\nBest horde night. Ever. \n\nThank you Dora for providing me with hours of entertainment today while I’m nursing a major hangover from the night before. \n\nYou guys are amazing. \n\n#worldpeace #doraforpresident
Ps love your cute butts all equally
Another fan-f**king-tastic 7 days video. Love how you guys just gave Neebs a silent stare over his comment \"Apprso's bringing the heat. Would you guys ever get your  partners in as guests to narrate over a ark video like it was a wildlife doco?
This episode has made me laugh harder than I ever have in a very long time!
so sad to see it end it was an amazing series
The fact that the APSSRO crew is exactly like me and my friends scares me and I said apssro crew to see if it would piss off neebs
Nooooooo. Is this the final of the season or the series?
I’ve watched this series from the start and loved every minute of it! Sad to see it go but looking forward to more adventures!!!
This was fucking epic
Gotta love Simon... at least he's persistent... LOL  GOTTA GET MY STUFF!!!
So.... what's next?
That was without a doubt the best episode of 7 days yet!
“Simon, I just saved you.” “Why?” LOL
This was the best thing I have ever watched
BEST SERIES ENDING EVER!!!
Por favor regresar a esta serie! Please return to this series!
Gloriously FUBAR... XD
What a coup de grace! I'm sad to see the series ending (for now), but this was a special one. lol Will we see another poll for the next series?
IMO better than The Walking Dead. Thnx Guys!
Why are you guys ending the series?
The best ending ever made ???
A blooper: when Dora blew the hole, it sent all the barrels up in the sky, but next scene it's all on the ground like nothing happened.
I wanted this to work for you guys! I wanted yall to kick ass for 24 min and walk out like badasses! Instead I got the most entertaining and funniest YouTube video I have seen in a very long time. I enjoyed this immensely! You guys are good at what you do, and most importantly good peoples. P.S. remember this quote. “The strength of the team is each individual member. The strength of each member is the team.” - Phil Jackson
Probably the best and funniest episode by far! I had a shitty day at work so I decided to order chinese food, drink some beer and watch Neebs Gaming :D I love you guys, pretty sure I want Neebs to carry my baby.
if this series is ending which game are yall moving to next?  not sure how many people might had suggested this but yall might get a kick out of \"Dark and light\", similar to ARK but more magical instead of tech.
Hey can we just have like 1 more episode of a set up for hoard night made by Simon. I would love to see that mess lol
Love the 7days to die Videos. Definitely I loved this one. Great job to all at Neebs Gaming. Thanks so much. ?? I just want to say I loved the first part of the video.
Oh dorabolus...
This is probably the worst horde night ever. (thanks doraleous) ??
1812 overture, nice choice
Y is it ending, now I don't have something to watch on Friday
Is it just me or does most here agree that Doraleous makes the worst decisions out of the entire group
hahaha my stomach hurts to laugh so much hahaha how much death and destruction I love, Greetings from URUGUAY
Omg, fuckin brilliant, I loved this XD
That was the most beautiful failure I have ever witnessed. Doraleous, you have outdone yourself, sir!
You guys need to play medieval engineers for your next game
wait is this the end of 7d i really hope its not it is my 3rd fav series you guys made
Awsome intro!
First episode both me and my wife  have ever yelled at the tv , \"Simon dont run that way, theres mines!\" Could not stop laughing, best editing of deaths and added features yet. Thick gave me an epiphany of how I wish to die, surrounded by zombies with a rocket launcher. Great jobs guys.
First Raft is over and now this?!?\n\nBut seriously this is a series that I look forward to every week and I'm sad that it will be gone, I really hope you replace it with something that you guys enjoy making. All that matters is we get to watch something that you all love doing and hopefully have a lot of fun with. I think the most enjoyable part is seeing the interactions of group of people that have learned to work well together at times, and other times beautifully fall apart.
Nice office guys??
So is this the last 7 days video?
Will there be a new season or is this the final 7dtd
what a great way to end things. Looking forward to more one day and to see what else you guys do.
I'm going to miss this SO much!
Sad ti see 7 days go, everything you guys do is great but this series was especially great. Thank you for all the laughs and scares in 7 days guys
exceptional episode, however, 2 things tho: no escape plan and understanding the zombies programming, if he had those it would have been... a shit house and boring episode lol. he would have been better to build an island and filled a mote with spikes and propeller blades with turrets as support, or dug a super deep hole with concrete floors and turrets surrounding the floor whilst you all  just sit around the bottom shooting survivors of the falls lol.
Why trust him? He’s the worst at planning anything. Just look at the terrible mountain idea he had. Idk who’s worse, him for his shitty plans or you guys for following them.
Last episode: Doraleous for president. \n\nThis episode: Crucify the sumbitch.
When I realized this was the season finale, I went through the 5 stages of grief :(. This was my fav series apart from subnautica.
Next series should be space engineers i think it would be funny watching simon float out into space and the gang mounting a rescue mission to save him
It was the best of times. It was the worst of times.
So is Red dead 2 taking the 7 Days To Die Friday
does that gold subscribe button work?  the red one on my screen keeps failing me
WoW, Just Wow
Rip 7days to die ??
bloody simon died like 7 times and made me laugh so my mum said can i see this and then she laugh
Never laughed so much before. My husband an I love you guys. Always can't wait for new videos up, no matter what it is. Loved this series. Can't wait for what else you guys put up :)
Gentlemen this was your very best recreation of the battle of the crater. Well done.
the safest of safe lol
I will miss this series??. Y'all always deliver. I can't wait to see your next co-op series!
By far the best episode ever ????
thanks so much fir this  season guys loved it been playing 7 days to die from start but had to move to modded 7 days as  it got old fast  maybe next time you take this up you would try a mooded one war of the walkers would be a fun one for the neebs gang
OHHHHHH The Humanity!!!
Oh Simon, dying with lots of things. That's pretty much everyone's goal. Also I think you should of went to 32 for that blood moon zombie count, especially since every horde night the zombie count naturally multiplies by how many days passed.
Doraleous I fucking love you
Was that adahop or doralous that changed the settings in the beginning? I think they would have been in a bit better of a situation if they had made moltoves or explosive crossbow bolts. Fire. What they needed was distruction
Play trail makers
That... WAS THE BEST VIDEO IN EXISTENCE!
This was better than Thick’s hoard night. \n\n\n\n\nAnd then it wasn’t.
Sa sa sa sa sa sa, sa sa sa sa sa sa, SA SA SA SA SA SA SANDWICH SHOW!??!
Lmao this was brilliant! I had so much hope for that bunker! what a disaster!
Fricking hilarious
Absolutely great ending....thank you guys for all the joy and laughs
you guys had me Rollin in my own tears with this one??????
Doraleous was so sure his base would work that when it failed all he could do was laugh
I watch all of your videos, but this... this may have been an absolute masterpiece with all of the editing you guys put into it. When we saw the last video some of us knew you guys would face some issues with the design and the zombies AI, but the way you guys handled being killed so many times with 1812 death montage and the addition of ending the video with that song? This has to be my all time favorite video you guys have put out! Thank you so much for your hard work, your creativity, and all the laughs. Assuming this is the end, that was the perfect send off to a game I love to play and loved watching you guys play.\nMuch love!\nA long time fan\nP.S dang that 7 days song is so awesome, can you guys drop the sound clip somewhere for viewers like us?
If you'd only made short characters... Moria got nothing on this place as a tomb!
That is series done?! Boo.
So sad that i wont be watching this serie again every week ,every friday i was waiting for this video. But im not too worrie i know you guys will come up with something as good if not even better
Fucking standing ovation. Amazing.
After a long week of work i look forward to 7 days to die Friday's crazy ark Saturdays and laid back GTA Sunday's love the channel keep up the good work
Oh I have never laughed so hard at one of your videos. Bravo gentlemen to a most excellent series!
This was an awesome series I love every video on the series so what comes next?
Dorealaese  u fuccing idiot u were spouse to be the smart one who would have guessed that they'd dig  ten feet down
Season finale ??!!!!??
I'm speechless!!! That was the most amazing carnival of death I've ever witnessed!! Hazaa!!!
A M A Z I N G
Could have made an actual zombie blender with those blades, bullet proof glass and the hole.
Simon for Neebs gaming president. No one else has the stones to rush into certain death 18 times. \nAppsro is a vandal\nDora secretly plots everyone’s death \nThick well. Just remember cooter\nAnd Neebs he’s to busy planning global peace to be el presidents
Top notch series guys. Gonna miss the series, it was what got me to play 7 days
That was a freaking fantastic end to an exceptional series! Ada, magnificent editing as always, you outdid yourself sir! It is truly sad to see this series end, but am looking forward to seeing what's next. Kisses!!!
So what's next guys?? Love the series hope to see it again
Dora's plan all along and ya'll fell for it. ITS A TRAP!!!
Play together when the game updates. And the series will Never Die.
Season finale!  Does this mean your making room for a new game, RDR2 perhaps!
Doraleous....I have no words.
Best video ever!
Thanks for all the stupidity and clumsiness. You guys rock.
Note to self: Dont build bunkers in games where enemys can dig.
Doraleous is called duckduckgoose now?
I love how much you guys suck at games. It always makes me laugh and puts a smile on my face. Thanks for all the hours of fantastic entertainment.
Good job Doralingus.\nHow do you actually lose at this game if you can just keep respawning?
Any hints on the new Friday night series??
Wow Doraleous I can’t believe I thought that this would work. Needless to say that was an amazing horde, filled with plenty of laughs and failures. Great job Doraleous your ability to protect your friends is amazing as always.
Awesome, we need a new series all these dam survival games was getting to be to much.
All that work, and forgetting to fill a hole screwed ya.. Lol
Lmao \"how am I not dead?\", \"don't know but I get a front row gughhhbhh! Haha.
That was so funny love you guys
I love at 12:17 when Neebs thinks he's a Laser pistol! pew pew pew
I hope you guys do more!!!
Nicely done everybody! Enjoyed the series.
I FUCKING KNEW.. the place is called journeys end... AND ITS THE FINAL PLACE.. I called it...
I do love this series and I hope the continue to make more
The difficulty nor the amount of zombies made a difference! It's the slight overlooking of that damn hole Dora! ??
A+++ editing
Adahop messing with the thermostat over there you evil monster....
Just guys i'm literally dying from laughter
Now try Dead by Daylight!!
This is the equivalent of what almost happened the last horde night - what I wish had happened... \n\nThe horde digging from above... I WISH they had successfully dug completely underneath the Hibachi Buffet base so we could see the worst case scenario!\n\nSorry, but makes for a hilariously good video... case in point.
i guess the JOURNEY'S  must END for this series
Duckduckgoose is my favorite character.
Simon going from standing in barbed wire to just jumping on a land mine is classic Simon. His spacial awareness and lack of control over his movements is the equivalent to a newborn baby Giraffe. Great series fellers, keep doin what you're doin! Kisses!
Sad that all good things come to an end.\nI have really loved watching this series, every Friday evening, after dinner and putting kids to bed, I grab a whiskey and enjoy this.\nGoing to miss this a lot, but man, I have enjoyed this so very much.\nSimon's house collapsing was great fun, but this massive failure tops it all, great way to end it! <3\n\nBig thanks to the whole crew, amazing edits, great fun gameplay!
How convenient. You saved the horde the time and effort of digging graves for you all. LOL
Ok so I'm really sad that the series is ending but that was the best season finale ever!!! XD
That’s was amazing!! Funniest episode on the channel. I really hope this isn’t the last we see of this game on here. Bravo guys:)
Loved it love yall
BEST EPISODE EVER! So sad this season is over. Can’t wait for more.\n\nEDIT: Doralingus’ score was way too generous. After all this build up it backfires and got you all slaughtered.
The only way this gets better is if a red dead 2 series is coming!!!
Guys good job on that transition in the beginning. It was flawless just seriously good job.
Well I do have to admit, things would have gone A LOT worse if Doraleous didn't make that whole thing. So I give him a 6/10 for this one.
aww man :)
Doraleous thicked everyone with a Simon level defense. This made a great video. As always. Toodles.
This video has to hold the world record number of times owned in 7 Days to Die in a single horde night
WOW, this was by far, my favorite episode of 7 days to die. the editing was superber and the music was on point. And My sides are in pain for all of the wonderful laughter, you guys have so graciously bestowed upon us all. thank you. Ps. I'm too lazy for grammar sorry.
Anyone who plays this game knew from the moment this place was shown that it was a death trap lol but an entertaining one . Great series guys Loved it all
Can't wait for commenting on comments to hear what the guys have to say. Dora, I had such high hopes because it was pretty awesome, but when I saw you ignored those other holes I thought... well that's the end of him being allowed to make defenses. Anyways... good job adahop the death montage had me in tears.
music at 0:35 pleas
You got dora’d
Dora blowing open the hole was the only thing to go right this episode
Doraleous: First horde night while I hold my beer....
Whoever said “oh fuck” at 19:10 that was the best/funniest thing I’ve heard on this channel and thick died as a warrior by taking a whole lotta zombie with him
Funniest episode ever lol i love it. Death screams sound effects are funny lol
Was that Anthony's sausage fingers at the start?
This might be the best 7dtd video you guys have ever made.
Damm you guys it's going to be hard to top that series finale.
Finger my butt for a piece of candy
BEST. HORDE NIGHT. EVER!!  can't wait to see u guys explore/tame a randomgen map!
Best. Episode... Ever.
Appsro there is a new fallout its fallout 74 or 75 not sure
And sorry Thick, when you were at the top of that building site, I was also hoping something would happen lol, at least you didn't fall to your death like a bitch.  And Doraleous, an ex military guy should know, A cave, is a grave.
Great jobs every one u die lol rip Simon lik omg
Thick it's smarter on games
That was a great disaster of a finally. Probably funnier to watch than to live through.
Watched this series through three times at least, even just as background noise when I'm busy, cant wait to see whats next.  Any idea what game you guys are going on to or is that a secret until the reveal date? Love the D & A to cant wait to see what happens in the new bridge building venture.
God... my d*ck is hard
Needs is better than Doraleous and Simon
Though i am sad that this is the finale, it has been an excellent ride so far, and this episode has been my favourite (and probably the best) episode yet. thank you guys for all the laughs, the action and work that went into this series. I'm looking forward to what's coming next. ????
Amazing.  Absolutely amazing.
10/10 on the editing!
????
OMG Adahop! Way to close it out in a big way. Deserves an award
if you guys do another season, could i suggest a random generated map instead? would be more interesting to see you guys in an enviroment thats not pre-made and will keep alot of people who knows the navegaze map guessing aswell.
Spooky
They weren't just up shit creek without a paddle... Doraleous rowed them into the center of shit lake and threw away the paddles after knocking a couple of holes into the boat.
It is a little sad to think next week no 7 days to die video I have watched you guys since your first ark video and I love you guys my friend introduced me to you guys with bff and I fell in love with the humor and craziness thank you guys you always give me a reason to smile and laugh even when I am depressed.
This is seriously one of the funniest things I've seen my whole life.  I called my friend and was trying to tell him to watch it, but couldn't stop laughing long enough to get the words out.
Is that Thick singing in the end? \n\nAND 7 DAYS TO DIE IS DONE?!  NOOOOOO!  My fiance and I always watch this together like a TV show and it's her favorite series from you guys.  The description says it's a \"season finale\" but the ending message makes it sound like a \"series finale\".  Will this series just be on a hiatus and will eventually be back on a weekly basis or is it done permanently with only a few revisits now and again?
Holy shit, guys!  That was taking epic failure to a new level!!!  Just when I think you couldn't get anymore entertaining... going to miss the series, but all good things must come to an end, and I'm sure ya'll have something new coming down the pipe.  Viva la Neebs gaming!
I'm so glad dora thick'd this up. Probably the best episode in the series
my question is why did they not escape through the door they came in from??? lol Dora, i would have made the sme mistake.
The dog I loved for 10 years has recently passed and when nothing can stop me from crying some how you guys manage to cheer me up and make me smile.
This was the best season finale ever, the constant maniacal laughter from Dora and the death compilation near the end were fantastic. Keep up the amazing work and keep the videos coming.
Off that just hapend nice trap Dora :P\nI like that moment whene your like... Oh that may be a prob... looking at the 2 hole in the cilling and your like oh well what ever :P\nAny way it was really nice well done. (any way it was one of the 2 thing I tought it would hapend AKA... Crazy easy night whit great set up or the zombie go right for your head and fall on your bed...)
What a freaking episode, the music was great. I love the death cams mixed in with the overture. This was one of my favorite series to watch by you guys, I am sad that this is the end. I look forward to your great content and see what you are trying next. Keep up the good work guys.
WAIT WAHT THE SERIES IS OVER?!?! ;-; what will I do on fridays now? ;-;;-;-;-;-;-;-;-
You guys kicked ass!
I swear some people should fallow Simon around and make T-shirts out of every thing he say's. \"I Like to die with a lot of things\"
i just watched the intro right now and doralingus u build a grave.
BEST EPISODE EVER!
21:52 “I’m stuck on a bahb-woiah!” ????
Please, please, PLEASE do another season for Alpha 17! So many new changes are coming that Simon can die in all new ways and Doraleous can create new epic failures! Thanks for a great series everyone!
whats the orchestral song that was used at the end
To be fair it may have worked if the difficulty weren't turned but who knows
this would be a good time to wait for A17 to release and pretend like that really was a journey's end. starting fresh in the new game, yall are gonna love the updates
Is this the final 7 days video? I hope not...
Lol good job Doraleous your now officially worse than Simon
NNNNNNOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO!!!!! Ark and 7 days are my favourite things to watch period ????????????????
It be whole new learning curve for them and everyone else when ever the update comes out.
I want to know how many time each of u died
11:55 I love when neebs speaks gibberish????
It's been a crazy adventure through Navezgane with you guys! Hopefully you come back once Alpha 17 releases because it looks to be an almost whole new game. Much love & keep doing what you guys do so well.
I legit grew up watching you guys, keep it up my dudes!!????
BEST HORDE NIGHT EVER!!! Oh My God that was funny.  Excellent editing.  I was watching at work and had to stifle my laughter the whole time.
Well prepared! Hats off to you doral! Looked promising heheha haha
This is so sad ????????
My girlfriend and I just watched this and were laughing the whole time.  You need to make a shirt that says I survived Doraleous's Death Hole\n\nP.s. I hope your next game is Empyrion again unloved that game\n\nP.s.s. Simon is the best.
Oh My God They Killed Simon !
man I love that song !!! please tell me you are going to make a metal music video, out of this footage. that track during the horde was awesome. would love to hear it with the voices in the background and that track turned up.
Great series and love you guys to death
That battle music is awesome am glad am using it in the creation of my doom wad. I guess never make any defences underground.
Please can we have some more on  a new map
Oh doralious, you sure know how to engineer a beautefull disaster.
G.L.O.R.I.O.U.S.
best quality content <3
Been here since you guys were at 150k subs and I must say I think this was your best episode yet. I was laughing the entire time. Keep up the good work!
22:12 Dora: \"This place is haunted!\". Funny
Spectacular failure, Doraleous! Love it!
\"I'm in a fist fight with a cheerleader\" this statement made my actual arse laugh ?? but on a serious note Dora should be banned from planning horde nights
Hey guys I was wondering if you guys are going to end your ark series as well because I really don’t want you to. Your ark series is my favourite and I just don’t want to see it die.
I love it when a Neebs gaming plan falls to shit!
Nooooooo! We need more!
who was that guy at the beginning that was screwing with the settings? And how did nobody notice the weird spike in numbers and difficulty, where they to engrossed in the action?
Please at some point come back to this! You guys are the only reason i bought this game
It's like watching home alone again
\"These first aid kits should come in handy.\"
This went as wel as I expected lol
Extremely enjoyable episode!!!!
Omg omg so so fn good! I really hope it's not the end!
I’ll miss this series so much!!
While terribly sad to see 7 Days end, this was by far the best way it could of ended! Thank's to all those who lost their lives in Dora's Tomb and thank you Adahop for the marvelous editing of this masterpiece!
Bravo, One more thing from YouTube gone, but hey, you guys are still rocking Ark so keep it up!!!
19:10 when thick screamed “OH FUCK” I lost my shit??
so close to having an amazing base, hoping you guys are returning in alpha 17
I love how Simon was the last one to die. Good job
Holy shit that was amazing
Lmfao that was hilarious to watch.
You have to come back for the A17 update! We need a sequel series!!   You don't need to use the same map, use a random generated map with the update and fight over who gets to drive the jeep! If there is no sequel series I'll just fling myself into a spinning blade trap that throws my body parts into dutch oven land mine and go out Simon style!!!
That was amazeballs
So is this the last episode of 7 days?
43 deaaths
I would love to see u guys play ark adorachn
Let this be a lesson learn never leave doralious in charge of ur live
Haha haha loved it !!!!!!!!!!’n
Great job guys on raising $11k last night caught the last 5ish minutes of it at least saw Buffett44
Hands down the funniest horde night
7DaystoDie on Xbox One and PS4 is getting cancelled...OH GOD
This episode is amazing.
DORALEOUS YOU FUCKING IDOIT
Great season had fun with the poetry Neebs
The mistake was leaving the holes... Dirt... You only needed dirt. Fill those holes with dirt and the zombies would never have made it down. They can only dig sideways, not down. They fell into the holes and dug forward towards you until the structure collapsed. Best fuck up ever. 10 out of 10 IGN
dude I remember when you guys announced that you were about to start playing this game can't believe you've already done so many episodes I'm heartbroken to see that it is over but look forward to the hopes of watching another 7 Days to Die reboot lol love y'all keep up the awesome work
Super opening!!!
Dang my suspicion about you guys making a base at Journey's End being the end of the series was right! I'll miss this series immensely, but all things must end. I can't wait to see what is coming up next for the channel!
What a great series, sorry to see it come to an end. But I can't wait to see what comes next!
Best series. Looked forward to every week. Will miss it tons. Damn Dora set you guys up for failure loool
Yoooooooooooooooo
NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO!!!\nthis cant be the end i love this show,  you guys have made me laugh so much the past year. i will truly miss this series. thank  you
Oooohhh nooooo guys please please don't stop yet really really enjoyed this game watching you guys an Simon's pure ?? madness it like every week this is my main YouTube show really going to miss this guys???? ?????
Just got home and my brain screamed oh my God it horde tonight
I'm reading these comment like 'Damn, I can't be only one..' but it seems to be. \nI love you guys, but i really didn't enjoy this. I get that you can't control a mistake, if it indeed was.  After the tour Dora gave of the bunker I was really looking forward to seeing it action, seemed well though out, kind of a mad scientist vibe going on during construction. Now I never expected it to be perfect but maybe to fail partway, not immediately. A lot was lost here. \nGame idiot was awesome and think you did fantastic bringing that to life in Simon but it's feeling extremely forced at times and this episode had a lot of them. This was the first time it crossed from grinning laughter to frustration for me as a spectator, I wished he would just get mad and fuck off at about the second spinning blade death. \nDudes, you rock, I'll always be a sub, supporter and recommender of this channel, I'd just love to for things to go back to feeling less, for lack of a better terminology, scripted. Maybe its an editing and timing thing idk, I just feel the neebs gaming spice is getting weaker in some videos. \nOh, the tumbleweed after neebs' outburst, mmhmm just perfect, big lol right there. \nMuch love bros #nohomo
how do you download the file it says download but its not on my system anywhere I can find anyway
I’ve never seen so much death ever lol
My new favorite neebs quote.... “I’m in a fist fight with a cheerleader” ??
Does this settle the bunker vs no bunker argument?
So is this really it, the end where everyone dies from dorleangus's death tomb hole
The best day ever!
The most I've seen you guy's die.
Please don't end this series ! I know it's just the end of the season ! You all should check out the mods for 7D2D !
RIP 7 days to die good luck old friend.
So this is really the ending I thank you Neebs crew you guys made my Friday nights
wait wait wait is this really the last episode?!
I remember watching the first episode and thinking this could be good
Dang it!!\nI saw the 1st episode and didn't like the game (I thought it was too slow) but I rejoined at thicks horde night\nNow it is stopping again, I just joined!!!!
Play conan exiles plz
Haha great season finale.
Just amazballs!!! Well done guys well done.
This sucks. So what's next?\nI will rewatch the playlist.
The moment I saw all the mines on the ground I knew Simon gonna die a bunch of times
Love Doraleous' score
So will there be another season of this or do you actually mean \"series finale\" ? Because people do that but never upload this again.
Now that's a season finale!
Best \"Death Hole\" ever ????????????????????????????????
Great series guys. I always look forward to watching the content you guys create it’s hilarious and awesome to watch.
Lol??
OH no no no sad sad sad tears I loved this series, binge watched it many times, don't end it :(  You guys are doing an amazing job! Please continue.  IF YOU ALL WANT THEM TO CONTINUE PLEASE GIVE LIKES.
Great build!
This series so so fucking good
Maybe dorlious was trying to get them killed?!!!!
cant beleive its over this show is how i found you guys but what are you gonna do for friday now
Truly excellent and thoroughly appropriate end to a really great series! Can't wait to see what u guys have next!\nPS Assuming it has a rock star editor mode like gta I'd love to see a red dead cinematic series when that's out!
Best thing everrrrrrrrrrrrrr!!!!???? Kisses
0:11 Simon??
I really don't want this series to end. It is still my favorite series y'all have done and IMO the best thing since Neebsylvania. Please continue it. This was my favorite thing that my Patreon donation went towards. And now I'm severely depressed.
what a great early bday present!
Is this the end of the season
You guys are the only youtubers that can get me to watch and enjoy a video series on a game that I would hate to play. Thanks guys.
I loved 7days to die I watched every episode and will miss the session but will you do a new series soon
Abs of steel ????
Wow. Very epic
Best episode
Perfection.
Perfection.
How old is Simon?
Doraleous is never gonna hear the end of this one
So many death mainly Simon
Adahop is an evil mastermind!
This better not be the last episode if it is I swear I will find you and make you make more episodes
U guys should have the community build u a base for a special episode were u take a day 700 horde in a base they built with a full load out to make it fair and fun
Please don't stop making 7 days videos, it's my Friday night theater
I feel the same way as if I would feel when come back from a good good holidays. Sad. Because it ended. It was a great run... What we will do on fridays now?? :(
Absolutely fantastic job guys!!! Loved this entire series more than I thought I would at the start. Looking forward to you guys revisiting it some time in the future. For now thiugh I'm intrigued to see what you have in store for next/or future Fridays! Kisses!!! ??????
Does anyone agree that neebs can be a dick i when he says over there and doesent shot
Cant wait for season 2
336 hours! I'm so sorry Adahop, truly. Lol
This was the most beautiful pile of shit I’ve ever seen. It’s been a good series. I hope we’ll return to it some day #breadstrong
I love how at 7 mins in the subtitles Neebs style censor Neebs
\"I like to die with lots of shit\" Fuckin love you simon, no homo!
I found you guys because of my love of 7D2D. Now I love you all as much. Thanks for the series. And thanks for being awesome people. Hopefully alpha 17 makes you want to return.
When’s season 2
Lmao major death trap and major destruction ????
Awesome series guys. Sad to see it go, yet excited to see what comes next!
Sooo many deaths lol love the video but dora you should have know better and the rest of you should have known better then to go underground knowing they can dig through anything im hoping you guys will come up with a more efficient way to survive the whored with a mile of defenses i mean spikes as far as the eye can see a tower surrounded with an escape route simon is the only one who should be constantly dying in these episodes thats his thing and falling into holes ????
2:27 YES finally\nbeen waiting for the return of Doraleous' alter egos
So realistically how many times did you have to revert the server back because someone set of a mine too early? lol
Crap!  It's over?  WHY!
I'm so sad that this is coming to an end before we got to see Simon be in charge of prepping for a hoard night.
Please don't end this series.   Or at least start a new one!!!!!
This whole series is fantastic and this the best episode. I will eagerly wait for you guys to return. Oh and Simon your not that bad at the game.
After seeing the video with everyones face and verifying with a second video what appsro looks like. It kills me how everyone looks like you'd expect except appsro. The guy sounds like the pictures of Mr. Plinkett and looks like ... Um... Not Mr. Plinkett. I apologize, thought i would have something more clever by that point.
Damn,there goes my friday routine of watching Neebs 7 days to die and Dead Meat kill count pairing
Everything about this was great. Couldn't ask for a better way to end. Gosh dang f**king zombies! XD
Best episode of 7dtd
Bravo
The greatest Horde Night EVER!!!! I laughed my ass off.. The wife, the cat, the dog, the kids...they all thought I'd lost my damn mind.. Very funny shit.. Thank you for such great content.
Couldn't stop laughing. Best episode of 7d2d.  Have enjoyed everything you guys have done. Keep up the great work. ... sidenote: Appsro has stated he will be useless after the 26th. I hope you will try to develop a series of his escapades in Red Dead 2 as it will not be out for PC for a bit, if at all.
Omg the most epic horde night ever. One of the best of the series. Hope they do a horde night that Simon does the base defense can't  be any worse of a survival rate that doraleous had maybe better, at the very least it will be entertaining. Maybe neebs as his partner just to  be the guiding light he would need.
This death hole would be great to include as a POI in a mod
Doraleous is the best! Brilliant editing, loved it! :D
\"I like to die with allot of things\" ... me too man.
Thanks for this awesome episode! You guys are the best!
When Subnautica almost ended you started a pole we chose 7days to die now it ended will we get a new pole ? I mean subnautica below zero DLC is coming soon
Should of made a pit to hide in they only sug down cuz it was the shortest why to u u need to hide under the pit
Been a great series. thanks guys for making it.
What silly stupid fun. Thanks for such a great series!
Wish there was a love button at the top not just a thumbs up. This video is great. Now I am going to have to start over on watching 7days to die.
There for a minute it looked like Simon was about to go pro gamer jumping and avoiding. But then he got stuck in the death hole and he panicked, good ol Simon never disappionts
ya know i'd like to see a simon owned counter in next series.. every fuckup simon does the counter pops up and goes up 1.
im sad now.
GREATEST FINALE FOREVER!!!!!
Simon you fucking idiot you to doralious
Are you guys going to do a different world when the next season starts?
Next season can y'all make a base in the prison
Adahop you maniacal bastard!  You killed them all!  WELL DONE SIR!!!!
the end of a saga!! 7  days is one of the best series you guys have done yet.
Dora may have messed up thier protection but made an amazing episode!!! I laughed so much XD (sorry Simon) 10/10 for comedy!
BEST EPISODE EVER! XDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDD
so season finale just means you're taking a break right? still a downer but really anticipating you guys with Alpha17. beating a dead horse but underground, zombies dig above wherever you are. stupid zombies CANT FOLLOW SIMPLE DIRECTIONS! YOU IDIOTS! this was more fun than the lighthouse. thanks guys. Always good R&R after repairing railcars next to a group of Simons
@ Neebs Gaming Yes double ark uploads hopefully love the vids
It's like the Medical scene from Aliens but everyone died... Also zombies.
Nice
\"I'm in a fist fight with a cheerleader!!\" ~Neebs; by far the best episode I laughed myself to tears! Loved the series!
well,that is a great end of the journey,best video of all
Most epic death scene ever.
Normally when I watch people playing a game I know very well (I'm in the 7days club since alpha 5) it annoyes the hell out of me when they don't know shit. With you guys it's the opposite. I already had to chuckle the whole way threw dora's tour of the horde shelter last episode. That turned into loud laughter threw out this episode. I love you guys!
Whole time he just making their grave and pretending to be smart.  ??.  I bet you feel wrong guy who commented to me he'd do something this time lol
Simon makes the best \"im dead\" sound lol
That intro music reminded me of Bugs and Taz Time Busters for the PS1.
AWESOME EPISODE!!!
Thanks guys for the laughs, I’ll miss this series please do bring it back my good sirs
LOL - they come directly for you, you have to be around the hole for them to come down, if you are off to the side they will dig for you, lol\n\ni love this vide, great job guys, :D
Why August 19th?
Sad to see the end but loved the series...Simon you came so far in this game ...but I have enjoyed watching how each character kinda fell into certain roles  and the 7 days song at the end is one of my faves Thick44!       love y'all \nAnd still so grateful my friend intruduced me to your guy's videos    ????????
This is a sad day for this series??\nBut are you guys going to do a pull for a new series like last time?
Wow exactly what I said happened ?? who knew??????????
I love how Simon sounds like a Deformed Borker while he dies
Best. Episode.Ever.
Shoot, now what am I supposed to watch on friday after a long week of high school and work?
If the intent was to make this a sacrificial pit then job well done. Trap yourselves behind impenetrable defenses and await the slaughter. \nDoraleous was hoping to summon what exactly with this build?
Damn that gave me chills at the end the song really did it for me
Who changed the games settings
Duckduckgoose: \"Ill kill them right now.\" Simon: \"I like to die with alot of things.\" Neebs: \"Fist fightin a cheerleader, yeah!!\" Appsro: \"Do whatever you gotta do maaaan!\" Thick:\" Thats it, your goin with me!\" One liners that explain each of you in a nutshell. Fantastic stuff guys even if the failure of base wqs a tomb. Good ending
Wow awesome series guys it’s amazing that you guys have such fun with it \n\nMakes my weekends awesome to know I wake up on a Saturday morning and watch 7 days then Sunday I get ark \n\nPlease have something entertaining and fun to replace 7 days i think all your fans would appreciate it very much :)\n\nYour my favourite YouTubers :) so glad I subbed
I think they meant to put October 19th not August 19th
So sad to see the series possibly end. Im so happy I took the time to watch it! Simon you are the greatest part of the team! Thanks for an amazing series!
Nooooooo it ended
Dont forget guys zombies are like dogs and you're their reluctant owners, they like to dig, and they will stop at nothing to give you cuddles
lol, after all, that time doral spent on this he forgets to cover up one hole that kills you all what a shame lol.
we need a rd2 serie
This series was one of the most funiest series you guys did it was a great playthrough
Its been a while since one showed up. DuckDuckGoose [Dora] and that was it for the psycho names this time around.
after a mentally taxing day filled with midterms and studying, I'm glad to see one of my favourite series up once I got home
Were the deaths in the end for this episode, or the whole series? How many times have you guys died  since you started the show? Want to know.. Best episode yet of any series. Can't wait to see more!
Such an awesome series Neebs Gaming. I'm sad to see it end, but enjoyed every episode.
I hope you guys keep making these videos!!! I love 7 days from you guys so much!!!!
I loved every second of this
Duckduck goose
Dora score...1 lol
Omfg, I am so empty now! What am I going to do on my Saturday mornings now! Great episode and I can’t wait to see what you move on to now!
I'm letting Dora design my nuclear bunker not to protect me from the nuclear holocaust, but so I can have fun gunning down zombies while they break through the walls.
The bunker was a good idea in theory. IN THEORY, communism works. In theory.
No you guys can't end this series because this and ark are the best ones yet
The best one ever!!!
Seriously guys you have outdone yourself this was the funniest episode of this show ever my God I was howling laughing... I can't wait for you guys to come back to the series and I also can't wait to see what you've got in store for us in the meantime hopefully it has something to do with Red Dead Redemption 2 ... Doraleous What a Beautiful Disasterpiece!!!
Seems like you guys are clearing your schedule a bit, with the end of this and the end of ark seemingly on the horizon.\n\nI’m hoping after some frighty night fun it’s going to be some epic Red Dead 2 cinematics.
Ya kno, if nothing else, you sure can't deny that the zombies in this game are genuine experts at completely fucking up your best laid plans, just about every time. It's been fun boys.
Such a good way to end the series. Honestly cant wait for red dead. I love you guys so muxh you just seem to get how humor works and by far my favorite team of youtubers to watch! Please never stop
Y'all ever notice when the camera switches to neebs view he is rarely if ever actually fighting the zombies? I mean every now and then he'll fire off a few shots but for the most part he is just watching the others
Dog pile on Appsro!  Oh my damn!  Dora! You really suck at building defenses!  Wait, you're abandoning the series?  Damn. That means all I have to watch is your Ark series now.  To be frank, the rest just plain bites ass.  No GTA.  No Far Cry.  Very little resembling action, and comedy.\n\nI think you're dropping the ball.
have been a sub since the beginning and this is the best episode you have done keep on this wonderful work love you guys
Wonderful finale. Was expecting a burial but got much more than I expected!
During this final horde setup when dora was working under the house I was betting with my girlfriend that the plan would be to create a big pit to lure all the zombies in under the house and when enough of the zombies were confined to the chamber you guys would blow all the supports and drop the house on the lot of them while you guys escaped out of a back tunnel. I suppose the ceiling did come down but I have to ask.. Why in the hell didn't dora make an escape route? Thank you guys so much for your creations. This has been one of my favorite series to date and I'm sad to see it end for now.\nSimon, don't ever lose that 'never say live' spirit.
Awesome guys, just thanks for all of these series.
Seriously had a rough day and this video made me laugh and smile so hard!!!
what a great way to end a great series!
BEST EPISODE EVER!!  Thanks for splitting my side in laughter!
Loved this series, fantastic finale.
Not even a minute in and I had to comment... best opening EVER!!!
This series has been so entertaining to watch!!!! Love it guys ?
Thank you guys.  I don't know what I'm going to look forward to on Fridays now
What a sexy, sexy video.
Fucking hell, doraleous ??
This was so much fun to watch! Thanks for sucking, guys!
Sucks it's the season finale, but can't wait for the next. Thanks Doraleous for show us what NOT  to do for a horde night ??....or ever in general! ?? should have had Simon do the structure! I think he can fill in a hole properly! ?
The final chapter was as epic as they get. Thanks for the great fun guys. Loved this series.
This series has become my favorite to watch. It has allowed you guys to channel your creativity better than other games and I'm sad that it's done. With that said I look forward to whatever you guys have planned next. \nThanks neebs gaming crew for the great series
Season finale? Will you guys be taking up another survival game in the mean time while you wait for A17? Or will you be dropping the series longer, even permanently?
I'm actually glad it failed, it was a lot more fun and hilarious than any other horde night!! ??
well guys thanks for entertaining us that was the most epic horde night yet!! keep it up and show us me the struggling youtuber how it done simply amazing.
My sides hurt so much right now! Funniest episode ever. ????????
Honestly the best episode. It somehow beat Simon's house collapsing. The music crescendos when rocks fell and the awesome guitar solos during the action. Was perfect in everyday. Watched it during school and my class looked at me funny and my friend even asked if I was ok cause I was laughing so much. Love yall wo much! Hope this returns with the next big update
And the not my fucking job award goes to...... DORALEOUS! For single handedly dooming what should have been essentially a battleship of a base that you Titanthick'd ?? not sure which was the iceberg the zombies or Doraleous' engineering ??
I almost spit coffee on my screen when Simon got the ceiling to his head and his spirit floated away.  Well done boys!
Best series finale EVER, I have literally pissed myself laughing!!!
So that how 7 days to die dies well I call that a epic success for the zombies in the epic failure for neebs and Friends
Greatest episode I’ve ever seen on YouTube by far I will watch this episode again and again and still laugh about it
I'm just waiting for the Neebs Gaming Porno \"Get Thicked\"
No plz
They have a adahop button
Wow! Boom Baby!
congrats trophy
o wait is this the last episode?
I feel so bad for Doraleous. I mean, he tried so hard to make a bad ass Bunker for the whole team to survive the Horde Night and spent so much time building it... All just for it to completely backfire on him and literally all fall apart in the end.\n\nE for Effort, my friend...
I love this series!! I hope it comes back soon, Neebs team thank you for always making such of great content!!!
Best one yet
This episode the zombies have revenge on the neebs crew and it is so funny and awesome
Great season cant wait to see more later
I was so excited for this walking to my car to eat my lunch and watch this video.  It exceeded my expectations and made all my dreams come true.  I love Dora but I think we all knew exactly what was going to happen and I still giggled like a 12 year old girl when it did!
Seconds in and I knew I was going to love this episode. I have had many times laughing at your videos but this one I definitely laughed the most, genuine hysterical laughter. Love you all so much.
can we christen a new term now? Dora'd: definition: when Dora builds anything that backfires royally.
Nnnnnnnnoooooooo!!!!!!
I'm sad to see it end but what is next on game plan to take over 7 days spot
fantastic stuff, had tears from laughing too hard.... plus im now late for work XD glorious episode!!!
What an epic ending to an epic saga. It is said that Simons ghost still haunts what is now known as Doraleous' Pit Inn
Great series guys. Thanks for all the laughs.
My mom thinks your hot neebs
Can't wait to see what you guys do next congrats on this series you guys are without a doubt the best youtubers looking forward to seeing what's next keep up the good work guys
I absolutely love watching all your videos but this has been 1 of my top 5 favorites. Cant wait till the next season of it. You guys are amazing!!!
So........ What did you learn?
Single greatest episode ever!!!
BRAVO! BRAVO! \nCANNONS! !! BRAVO!!
Go back to Minecraft now lol XD
First time commenting, on any video actually... but what a Fantastic Season Finale! \n\nMy girlfriend and I found your channel when you all first started making 7 Days to Die videos. We were looking for a video that would give us a tutorial on how to play the game without dying so much and what we got was so much more...\nWe have been obsessed with Neebs Gaming ever since and have been watching everything we can get our hands on from each of you religiously for the past year.\n\nWe are sad to see this series end, as it was our favorite, and hope you pick it back up when the new update eventually drops. \n\nLove you guys, keep up the good work, we look forward to your videos each week!
August 19th? 0:03
Your the best YouTubers
Didnt give Simon a chance to set up a base for horde night
Is this the complete ending
SEASON 2?????
Nooooooooo
Make Simon the next horde night supervisor
This is now my favorite episode. That hole was the most deceptive thing I've ever seen. Looks safe but in reality it's more dangerous then anything I've ever seen made. You should leave a sign showing the world this is your tomb after that fiasco.
I was pretty sure it would go the way it did, hahah, but it wouldnt be a Neebs gaming episode without the chaos, ffs guys, but still great <3 btw neebs is gonna need a lot of meat stew after this :D
Damn well goobye for now 7daystodie on neebsgaming it was fun watching while i played on ps4 time to start over till next episode of something on neebsgaming
I love this video! ?? what am i going to do without 7 days ??\nYa'll better play more Scribble.io
What a beautiful finale
It was night at my house I woke everybody I was laughing so hard
I love Ya'll this is the best channel on the youtubes, this made my week THANK YOUALL
Bring back Subnautica...????
I knew from the reveal that the zombies were going to dig straight down and ruin that whole thing
You guys probably already know what you’ll be filling the Friday night hole with, but if not, might I suggest, we look to the stars. wink wink
What does this “season finale” thing mean?
THE MOST ANTICIPATED EVENT IN CHANNEL HISTORY!!! WILL THEY MAKE IT OUT ALIVE??\n\n\n\n\nNope.
oh p.s thanks for the entertainment... you know it's good shit when you don't mind re watching an entire series.
When the green fatty fell on appsro, what song is that playing?
rage quitting bastards! ( drawn to death narrators voice )... Come back when the  alpha whatever is finally released? or maybe move on. greener pastures?? like... red dead maybe?
That's what I call an EPIC fail.. I couldn't stop laughing.
I assume they are coming back to this (prob once A17 drops) as it is a season finale not series finale
No plan survives contact with the enemy.
I'm kinda upset you ended this series; I stopped watching arc videos 4 months ago because they've gotten boring and are all the same. What am I supposed to watch now??
your stopping it, please don't.
Y'all screams were the highlight of my day
The flaw in Doraleous' base made this a great episode, as well as the editing. I think this was the greatest episode in the whole series.
That was wonderful, it went so wrong!! Enjoyed this series as much as ark. Looking forward to what’s next guys!! Rdr2? What ever it is I know you all will make it wonderfully entertaining.
Dora really fucked the pooch on this one. It doesn't look good for a possible Dora and co construction
15:23 a wild simon appears LOL!
A whole year of fridays that made my day a whole lot better are over. I enjoyed every second, from the prison to the haunted house. Thank you for making such a great series that was adored by many.
Jesus, the music with the constant Doralingus chuckling... Best horde night so far by far
So sad the series is ending now. Alexa, play Jeep Stuff by Neebs Gaming
I was expecting a badass bunker but this was much better. The music was especially good. Thank you neebs for making me laugh and than you Adahop for a fantastically edited video.\n\nEdit: That's it? I understand this game has limited endgame but god this was a great series. What's next?
omfg, that was hilarious. can't wait for next season.
In BFF you guys ever notice o\nAbout the Colonel 100s, that the one that totally owns it you respect but the one that made a new account you made fun of.  Just thought it was interesting
Fantastic intro.
this is the best episode of 7 days ive watched. great ending to my favourite of your series on this channel. great work guys
Btw simon jumping over spinning blades i was shocked he was able to get off 3 jumps before his demise it was like watching emmit smith shake off defensive tackles for the touchdown run
THANK YOU
Best horde night ever!
Ada you outdid you're self sir
Thank you all for making my fridays the best .going to miss the seven days to die episodes they are the best .
Bravo sirs. Better series then most tv shows. I tip my hat
Should have been in neeb's cabin
Had to be the dumbest series
I watched the whole video 2 times and I couldn't stop smiling. This is one of your best videos and the editing is amazing. The overture and Thicks song really put the cherry in top. Does anyone have a link to the full version of Thicks song because that one is going in my playlist.
Yoooo this was THE BEST EPISODE EVERRRRRRRRRRRRR!!!!!
Lamp
loved that intro lol
lol what a disaster. I love the sounds simon makes when he dies.
Doraleous Disaster!
NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO, now there will now be a 7 days to die sized hole in my life... what am I supposed to watch as an excuse to avoid my responsibilities? This series better get replaced with Simon's sandwich show lolz #Breadstrong????... Thanks for the laughs, it was great while it lasted!
This the last episode? Or it just reads like it.
Shit didn’t even hit the fan and went straight for their faces
When did Minecraft get so realistic
My favorite series by far and it was an awesome last episode! I hope yall return to it soon.
I hope to god this isnt the end of the series.    I was so excited for todays episode me and my buddy from xbox watch every time one comes out and we play 7 days together. I was taken by surprise by the outcome of dorals horde defenses. I didnt expect what took place one bit. All that hard work he did to make it and they dig in behind his defenses lol.  That sucks
I've enjoyed this so much. Im excited to see what comes in its place. Thanks for all the funny moments. And Dora you really Thicked up that one.
??7 Days, never forget!\nPS...the song at the end is amazing guys.
I predicted this, just not at this scale of shitshowness. Great editing btw
Most spectacular episode ever! Great work, absolutely loved every second of the series!!!
Gud vid luv your channel
I love it when you guys fail, never go pro, always be the everyman (men) of gaming
Season or series?
Bittersweet. An amazing epic finale, but a finale nonetheless. And an incredible editing feat. I hope that you guys can come back to this in a year or so when the game has been updated and heavily patched. Maybe a nice random map. I love this game and you guys made it that much more entertaining. Thanks.
Well that went...well.Don't ever stop 7 dtd you crazy M.F.ers
Lol that was a spectacular fail. I love this series
This is by far my favorite 7 days video!
It looked like such a promising idea.. A+ for effect, Dora.
Even though this didnt go to plan, great job Dora. I was laughing so hard! Funniest ep so far.
Wait what 7days to die is over... why???!!! ??
Know that was epic
THIS IS AWEEESSSOOOMMEE!!!!
Had to re-watch this 4 times, because I kept laughing thru the entire thing.  This was so well done!!!  Editing was just dead on and hysterical.
What an epic way to end it ??
What?!?! Finale when's the new season?
Could not stop laughing, almost died while eating my lunch hahaha
NOOOOO DONT END!
Might be the best episode yet, EPIC!
This was the best episode ever in any series you have made yet. Amazing job boys. Id like too thank you for the years of entertainment and i would love too see more from your channel for many more years to come. Even if \"doralingus\" lead you to your perfect death i dont think it could have ended any better. Hows that beer taste now boys? Well earned and bloody maybe? #COMMENTINGONCOMMENTS
I knew this was a bad setup, but had no idea it would be this bad
Wonder what new series you guys could come up with! Really enjoyed these over the year, well done! ??
If you end Ark I'm unsubscribing...well prob not but still. Something good better replace this.
Bravo, Fellas! What a great finale. I loved Doralious just giggling at everyone in full panic mode.
I for one will miss this series. But, its was a hell of a send off. I kinda was hoping Doraleous had rigged add the whole ceiling with TNT and he had a secret switch wired to it. Just waiting for the climax moment to in tomb them all.
OMG BEST EPISODE EVER!!! AND IVE ONLY WATCHED 10 MINS!
I was so happy to find that Simon finally got the torch he wanted
Best one yet gonna miss this
The forest next?
Is this really the end of 7 days to die because I am going to miss you guys playing this
Hey needs gaming y'all should play the forest since this little series is over with now just an idea check it out needs will like it
What a fucking amazing way to end a series cant wait to see what's next!!
One of the best 7 Days video you guys have ever made. Super hilarious, great work guys!
Best. 7 Days. Video. Ever.
Wow nice job Dora...\"you really prepared well\"
Oooh Simon
Awe dangit. I don't want it to end ??
Absolutely loved this episode so so funny well done Doraleous?? and gutted the series is ending it is my favourite that you guys have done. But I hope whatever is to come, whatever is going to replace it is just as good! High expectations guys! Much love :)
When i saw the word \"End\" i hoped it was the last spiderman video but ya know its Friday. I can dream cant I.
I could not have hoped for a better ending
Great finale! Hope you guys return to 7 days soon. Alpha 17 is dropping soon and it has all kinds of badass improvements. I think you guys can contine making this great series when it comes out. Just think of the fun you guys can have with the new vehicles. You can get bikes, mini bikes, motorcycles, jeeps and even a Madmax style gyrocopter. Just think of it Simon flying a gyrocopter.
Seriously, laughed my socks off... “best laid plans” curse strikes again. ??
This made me cry c:
Simply amazing
This was so good, that it makes you wanna slap yo momma!\nThanks for the series! Made my friday evenings or hungover saturdays a whole lot better!
It saddens the shit outta me to see this end. But i know theres something just as good, if not better coming. Thank you guys for this incredibly amazing series. Cant wait to see what you have in store for us next! And thick44 sir... well done on the song! Great fucking cut! Doraleous... for shame! I love you, but holy fuck....  great video, again fellers!
O sweet lord I have not laughed that hard in forever. So needed that after a rough week. I now need a break for my break just to recover from my break. Spectacular epic fail Dora! lolololol
Brilliant! Only Doraleous is capable of making something this ingenious  on paper that fails so effectively in application.\nReally though, what made him think zombies wouldn't eventually start raining from the sky?
Im subscribed to many youtubers, but Neebs is the only channel where I always watch new videos. I think its safe to say that Neebs Gaming is my favorite channel. Thanks for the great content!
oh fuck that was great.  after a long day of work, this is just perfect to come home to and watch after the kids go to bed.  unfortunately theyre all awake due to me laughing my ass off.  and i think my bronchitis is making a comeback.  thanks guys, i see you next season! orr else..(shakes fist at the screen)
Great finale guys
I wish I could be on comments with comments that part when thick looks up and sees all them zombies will forever go downs as the funniest shit in the world. Hands down also keep it up your guys videos are getting better and better every time.
When neebs put on thick's duster... https://imgur.com/a/AsQrmCL at 22:49
And so it really did become a grave. Best way to end the series. Love you guys!
Looks like I'm the mayor of Itoldyousoville. I called the roof collapsing last week.
I love how confident Dora was this whole time.. haha love you all!!
so THAT'S why the place is called journeys end
Video hasnt even started but I see the title......why.....this has been great...but I understand yall prolly tired of doing this
Please tell me the series will continue. Please tell me you guys aren't done with 7 Days
NOOOOO I NEED MORE
Is this the end of 7 Days? Whats next?
Funniest episode yet!!!
I want to think the “Duckduckgoose” Dora name was a dig at his dirty Minnesotan name for that game (Duck Duck Grey Duck)
Can we get a video of just how fucked journey's end was? Thanks!
The only part that worked was the tunnel demo.  The rest was a shit show.  It would be awesome to see you guys actually pull this off just once.
Barrles dont make heat or torches
I love the Irony that this was the most well prepaired Horde Night, and ended in the biggest fiasco
omg that was amazing! Totally didnt expect the fantastic failure until i saw debris falling above them.
Im sad to see it go but thank you for all the good times guys great work and much love cant wait to see what's next but i must admit i will miss 7 days to die
well death iI guess
Loved this episode! especially when neebs was safe and simon brought them all over to him haha
holy jesus how much did i miss
NOOO 7 DAYS TO DIE WAS THE ONE THING U WATCHED BC YOU STOPPED DOING RAGE COP AND GTA MODS pls continue rage cop with and without cinematic and mods and gta without cinematic bc i loved those pls
Damn. Fall back to ark I guess
Guys the video pic said SEASON FINALE. Not series finale so this is on hiatus. \nOn that note Neebs Gaming crew thank you for ending it on a high note and not some cheesey slop thrown together. \nLove guys and cant wait to see what you guys bring our way. ????
Guess before watching Dora finally goes full crazy.
You're sending this series but not Ark? Man, Ark is so boring anymore compared to this.
Dude  literally our whole company chills out  In the squad Bay puts you up on our entire wall and watches you one episode after lunch.  We're always done early in the day anyways, If you guys succeed in your mission we leave without having a final formation.  However  With Simon we make a company bet on him falling down a hole And base it on heads or tails if we leave at 13:00 or 16:00. Simon please stop falling down holes. Love you buddy but dam look down more often. Not too much pressure. This is from my platoon sergeant NEEBS  Make a print out of  The map of whatever game you are playing You're like an LT You get lost easy thanks for the laughs just a helpful Tip.  Semper Fi
oh dora, form the police station to the death pit, you never seemed to considered that you dont know what you're doing.
Why didn't you guys visit all the old places like at the end of mine craft. Would made this video even better.
Was gonna call Simon stupid for saying he wanted to die with a lot of things. Then I realised that that's what we are doing in real life as well.
They got doraded.
This was the all time best episode, with the all time best defense strat, with zero flaws in its design. It was all user error which caused the so called “failure” #Dora for president
Hahaha
NOOOOOO NOT THE FINALLEEEEEEE IM SAD
Finally! Finally they used the Seven Days to Die song in a 7 Days to Die episode. They just had to wait for the finale, lol. xD \n\nBtw, who didn't saw this coming? People have been warning them way back the first horde night that zombies can and will dig regardless and Doraleous insist on building bases underground. xD So when is the next season going to start? I hope it won't be until Aplha17 comes.\r Damn, Doraleous parctically ended the series with that horde night. Lmao.
WAIT YOU CAN'T END THE SERIES, THICK DORALEOUS HASN'T FOUND SARAH'S TREASURE!!!
Loved this series , been so funny to watch I hope you do season 2 !
Back to it some day?! You fucking fucks better start playing this shit at the start of next year. Don't know what I'm going to do Friday now, it's not like I get out of the house and have a life or something, who needs a wife when Neebs and crew satisfy your needs.
Best episode by far!!!!  Gonna miss the series. GOOD JOB FELLAS!!!!!
I loved Dora's maniacal laughter as everyone is being slaughtered.
most entertaining 7 days to die video in the world! holy crap
Waiting now for a17?
You guys like it at 75? Jeez, I keep it at 68 degrees in my house. Great video, as always!
little sad about the last note saying might return to it someday, i hope you guys are planning to continue to do it :( also i noticed it was the dora scora not simon score
might have seven days to live,but I probably have 7 DAYS TO DIE.fantastic job guys
Bim bum bam, you keep being the best guys!\n\nFrom Italy with love, can't wait your next job!!
dora your hole would have worked to lure them if you placed a ladder to the surface in the hole you blew up to give them a path to follow, they had no path so the got stuck on the surface and dug down on top of you guys
It does say season finale not series finale, I dont think its over is it?
An absolute fantastic end to the season.
Man! Had such high hopes for this hoard night. WTF DORALINGUS!? Still was funny but.... End like that. t-.-t
This was an amazing series and I'm kinda sad to see it go but you guys ended it so great! Loved the song and death count at the end, it was a nice and funny touch
fire doesnt actually attract zombies
FUCKING GLORIOUS!!!!!
Best episode ever. I laughed So hard I nearly pissed myself. Great job Dora... \"I'll show them how to stay safe.\" Thanks for all wonderful hours of entertainment.
This series is great
2:24 duck duck goose!!!!!!\nAdahop > anphony
Doraleous you put your heart in that fort and the damn zombis trample all over it like if it were grass at a consert!
My expectations were so high.
Best series you have ever donw in my opinion, nothing but a great adventure with none stop laughter all the way. I hope you will continue this when alpha 17 drops. You're the best :)
Heat doesn't mean things burning - barrels, torches etc etc... It means any activity like a heatmap. You dig underground, running a forge, building a base, and all that will cause congo lines and screamers to spawn.
I have never laughed so hard and been so disappointed at the same time in my life!
This has to be one of the best most epic and funniest 7 Days to Die video you you guys have ever made!!! This episode was so freaking awesome and it was a proper season finale to the series! Hopefully we will return. Oh, that's 7 Days to Die song is now stuck in my head and it is awesome! ??I have 7 Days to Live but I probably have 7 Days to Die!!??
that intro had me like... oh... OH NO thick is gonna freak about the thermostat
So sad that this is the end of the journey, but what a way to go out.  Great Job Dora!!!
Fuckin epic!
Bra-fucking-vo!\nSo does this mean you guys are starting from scratch on a pristine new map? When?
I loved this episode. I was waiting for the day where you guys would all just keep dying on horde night haha 10/10 would watch again.
NOOOOOO   This series match perfect with the week every 7 days it's like waiting for f***** Saturday morning cartoon you look forward to it no no no  Dam it
Awesome tomb guys, cool song aswell.
Well done)
Loved, loved, LOVED this series.  Thank you guys so much for the wonderful entertainment.  I could not have thought of a more perfect way to end the series.  Looking forward to what's next.  #WorldPeace
So many great quotes from this series. Hats off neebs gaming
I have no words to express this video.
Fantastic, best hoard night ever!
Wait Wait WAIT!!! is this the las Ep.???????
Thank you Neebs Gaming for ending the 7 Days to Die series I hope you start a new 7 Days to Die series. Thank you and keep making new videos like my second favorite series Ark Survival Evolved.
Love that song
Easily the best episode ever.
how many times did they all die????? i know simon died the most lol
You guys have outdone it this time what an amazing episode massively enjoyed it well done
is this the end
I got a new server for u to try it is one of the most easy but hard severs I have been on it has all fiber craft no starve no thirst but u have to watch your surroundings the surver name is Fiber craft custom drops 7
You can see thick's face at the start of the video when he changes temperature.
Best end to a series ever.
How do you give this series a finally before ark
I also loved the music made is even funnier
sad to see it end, but hey, it was fun, thanks for all the laughs and all the good times from this amazing show.
Was anyone else thinking of Home Alone during the opening sequence? Thanks to the song.
I’ve never laughed so hard!
makes giant bunker fails to fix the 1 small hole that leads to failure...
think you guys are being to kind to Doraleous giving him a 1 at the end of that. worst and most prepared for horde night ever . How could he leave those holes open. Go sit in the corner Doraleous and think about what you've done.
Omg this was the funniest ep ever haha first no therapy then no school today now this best day ever i love you guys
BEST HORDE NIGHT EVER!!
My 2 favorite series have died in less then a month. I will miss 7dtd and raft....
OMG I don't think I have laughed this hard in along long time. Awesome job all!! \n\nSpecial note,  I love the sounds you all make when you die! Lol
The Death Star all over again...On the surface, a force to be reckoned with, yet built with one simple flaw that brought the entire thing down in a blaze of glory. Great video!
What A Into To The Video Loved It. Love watching you guys. you guys are hilarious.
Poor Simon doesn't have a fucking clue what's going on its hilarious ??....??
I saw this coming MILES AWAY
Started watching the series from the first episode and now to look back at it you guys made a fantastic series guys.
That was beautiful! I think I might just watch it two more times just to really let it all “sink in”. You guys are the absolute best.
best one ever loved it laughed so hard thanks ya'll
Series Finale gives me hope that there will be more after the update since it isn't titled Series Finale.. If this really is the end of a series I am excited to see what is next!!
I love you guys. Seriously, nothing more enjoyable than watching what you’ve created. I’ve said it many times, I don’t watch tv anymore. I rewatch old anime, i keep up with Always Sunny in Philadelphia, watch you guys and game. Besides work and a social life, y’all make up a big part of my routines!
I'm saddened to hear that the series is over considering you can do unlimited nights but I understand that there's other games that need to be play and there's other projects that need to be focused on. If you guys need the end it you ended on a really really good note. I wish I could see what the final score was but I'm happy you put the death toll towards the end. thank you for bringing the series to life thank you for your friendships and sharing your adventures with us 7 days was a really great series and hopefully in the future if you guys are still doing this maybe you could bring it back on the night that you're on and keep it on the level you're at as well as everything else. You guys are true Warriors so it should be set on that difficulty at all times if an when you get back into the game and keep it as that many zombies that looked very interesting but it also look like it was dropping your frames and whatnot. I'm really sorry your Hunker bunker didn't turn out the way you wanted it doraleous it looks like it took a long time to make and it looked like it was inpenetrable. Rest in peace Journeys End rest in peace 7 days, for now hopefully, to be honest I was actually expecting the building to fall apart but this episode exceeded my expectations. On a top note, I could not stop laughing as soon as the music came on for all the deaths my sides are still killing me XD I guess I'm having the same feeling as like having the same feeling I had for their one-day of Ark Aberration. I would love to see them continue the Arts Series going step by step especially with Extinction going to be released but that's probably why they also did the one day there. maybe once they're done with Ragnarok they will be done with Ark in general who knows but I highly doubt it I believe the next season if you want to call it that of Ark since they only did the one day of Ark aberration it's going to take place in extinction but that's not my place to call or say that's up to Neebs Gaming to decide. Who knows maybe we might get some more time in the raft videos now that they're done with one project and a new door has open. Sad to see 7 Days Go I'm pretty sure we got to see neebs thick doraleous build their bunkers and everything for horde night and I was looking forward to seeing Simon and Appsro building forts of Their Own but as I said before and as I said again if this was the season finale this was one way of ending it as well as ending it on a high note with so Much Death Carnage explosions suicides by traps this is definitely needs gaming material here material that's going to last for so long and material that's going to keep us laughing and coming back for more. Keep making great series guys keep making us laugh keep gaming and you will always have our hearts no matter what :)
Ok guys, I don't want to be the demanding kind of fan but you just told me you're stopping my favorite show for a while SO YOU GUYS BETTER BE WORKING ON SOMETHING GOOD!!! ??(`?´)??
So sad and so hilarious
So when Adahop asked what we think Dora was doing in his room did anyone guess elaborate trap to turn his friends into zombie food? Those must've been the happiest zombies..
Best 7 Days to Die episode ever
I was so sad to see that this was the series finale. But what a finale it was.  Thank you guys for all the laughter.  \n\nTo my grand kids , here is the proof that I knew about Neebs Gaming. When they were just a Youtube channel.
I've never laughed so much for a video before. Best finale ever. thanks Ada and neebs crew
Great episode!!! Your downfall was because the 7 Days pathing leads the zombies to you in a straight line, so they detected you through the ground above you and... well... best-laid plans of mice and men...
August 19th is my birthday!!
Best hord night ever :) thanks for this!
Dang, that one fat zombie got lit up
It was beautifully done, the music, the collage, the cartoons, and the epic wipe out of you all. \nI must ask, are you just bringing up hope or will there be a zomb squad, like mob squad but for 7 days to die? Like seven 24 hrs worth of cartoons of you guys?
Is neebs gaming stoping the series ?
great video guys really had a laugh watching this, Dora you did a great job fucking this up, I loved it. Who got more kills? the team vs zombies or Simon vs himself
That intro tho\nNoice
So umm overall a total success eh bois?
Well done. I can't wait for the redemption base.
Great episode.Waiting for more or maybe on next A17/18?
great vid guys
Best series ever done by the Crew :)
lol
Y’all should play star bound. It’s a well put together survival game that takes place in space.
That was so fucking funny i laughed the whole way through the video
He should have built the base under the house it would have worked
My favourite series from you guys. I will miss the laughter and the slaughter!
That was the most spectacular failure I've ever seen. Bravo, Doraleous, bravo.
Why would you blow a hole to start with?
Don’t quiiiiiiit!!!!!!!
does this mean no more 7 days to die
This episode was hilarious....Thank you Guys !!!  Always makes my day better !!!
More classical music in all videos please and thank you. Classes up the place
Fantastic job as always guys. Dora, I expected this night to go really smoothly, and I'm really disappointed in you. Love you all.
This series has been very fun to watch. This might have been my favorite episode of all (maybe). You guys are great!
noooooo it cant be over!
Appsro Im just putting this out there but was wondering if you have taken a look at Breaths Edge on steam. Its suppose to be a Space style Subnautica. just thought you may want to take a look into it.
Does anybody know how to download their map I think I saw it briefly at the end of this episode but it moved kind of fast
This was an amazing way to end the \"season\" of 7 days! Adahop, sir, you have done one hell of a job with everything you did for this series. It is by far one of my favorite series and I am sure I will watch it countless more times! thanks guys for the laughs. Hope to see something soon to replace this on the weekend lineup!
They got Doraled
Awesome awesome awesome series guys THANK YOU!! Thoroughly enjoyed watching on a friday night and hope you giys do revisit soon, but for now its obviously time for a change of scenery and something new for a friday night, whatever it is im sure you guys will make it epic, as always, well, im gonna go find the playlist amd go watch em all again ?? been an experience guys, and again, thank you ??
what an explosive episode
I’m gonna miss this... love the opening scene tho! You guys are great, this series has always been one of my favorites
You guys are trully awesome. Thank you so much for a trully awesome final episode of 7 days. my partner and I haven't laughed so much in ages xx
This was the funnyiest 7 days to die video ever
all of you including Simon have been promoted
Great way of ending the series, forward! on to the next death bunker. Just lets leave the mines.
Don’t feel bad Dora, you had a great idea. Unfortunately, video game logic. I’ll never stop loving you buddy!
Now that you guys onow alot more of what your doing amd need i think u should start a part two of series and start over i love watching these every week dont stop lol
This was the BEST Finale anywhere - even including TV finales!!!! And every few minutes hearing somebody exclaim \"Damn it Doralious!!!!!!\" as they are being decimated in the Dora-tomb land LOL. And can always have Asspro give a great one liner : Somebody has a rocket launcher.....Shoot Dora with it!!!!\" LMFAO
This was so entertaining it hurt
Someone THICKED the shit out of y'all LOL
best video eveeer
Aw man.  This series is ending?  \n\nI hope ya'll return to it at Alpha 17 when they get jeeps and such.\n\nThanks for the awesome show! I truly enjoyed it!
No
So no more 7 days huh?  I hope there's more!
the deaths are just so hahahaha
This episode was great guys thanks for the barrels of laughs and hope you guys had some fun.
So no more 7 days to die videos?
What an absolutely amazing failure guys! That was so much fun to watch
Best video I’ve ever seen love you guys your all the greatest YouTubers to ever live you all deserve more subs I can’t believe you guys aren’t the biggest channel on YouTube yet but I know you will get there. Keep up the great work
Best,episode,ever
Using the 1812 Overture in the last third of the video is fantastic, love you guys, can't think of a better ending!
<3
So this is the nightmare before christmas?
Figures i get into your 7 days playthrough right before the end of a season. Lol
Great job guys!!
You guys going to start a new season when the next 7d2d update comes out?
Tried warning them lol
Best episode!
Honestly, I love everything you guys put out, but that is the hardest I have ever laughed at a YouTube video. Absolutely loved the death screens/1812 cannons part.\nY'all did an amazing job on this one. Thank you :)
Best video on YouTube by far
That was so epic! I can't think of any other content maker who's more suitable to play this game than you guys. I'm still laughing just thinking of this episode. You are truly masters of the art.
Well, thanks guys.  I came for the underwater shennanigans of Subnautica and stayed for 7 Days.  Now you're done, I guess I am too.  Quite a bit too old for all your other stuff, but I've had a blast.  So thanks for all the laughs and have fun with whatever else you do.
I can't wait to see Simon preparing you guys for the horde night
OMG people, that was EPIC! It makes Odysseus look tame.
Liked before opening title.. this is gonna be goooooddd
The editing coupled with the 1812 Overture, was a stroke of genius!   Great job guys!!!!
Please continue with a17, you have to come back to it please please please please please please please ??
Is it just me or did this all seem like a bigger more hilarious version of Simon's glass house?\n\n\n\n\nAnd to think I had faith in you Dora! xD
The 1812 Overture was perfect. Good job as usual Anthony.
I have no idea why but when Adahop turned down the heat, that shit was beyond funny. Adahop is like my mom!!!!! Always setting the temperature to freezing. Who knew all this time that she was protecting us from creating too much heat on horde nights.
Press F to pay Respects.
This episode was absolute perfection on all levels!
That was awesome guys..Thank you so much for all the good times and making  me laugh at work..8-)
Doraleous is no longer in charge of prepping for horde nights
You guys should definitely make that outro song into a full song
Best one yet
This episode needs every award that exists and another twenty that doesn't exist yet!
More please I haven't laffd so much in a long time
First episode I thought I was going to hate this series because of how wonky and ugly it was but It ended up being one of my favorite series to watch and i think its because of the chemistry you guys have together that makes every episode a great time and the creativity you guys bring is just fucking awesome . Crazy doraleous was my favorite and especially the silly name changes like dorito and knees. Love you guys and keep up the great work!!!
BFF was one of the funniest series you guys have done but... as far as all out entertainment, 7D2D has held my attention, always looking forward to friday! The editing gets better every episode and even though you've created a  base in every biome I could probably watch you guys play this game for another year! It's been inching up as my favorite series and I gotta say I think this episode tipped the scales. BEST EVER. Sad to see ya'll take a break from it. PLEASE! Come back to it when Alpha 17 releases!!! Now... who's gonna start this series over from the beginning?... again lol follow me!!!
That's like if snafu and klusterfuk had a baby
This was so sad. It's like your favorite heroes getting their asses kicked over and over. 10/10 guys.
So to be clear, Doraleous change the game settings at the beginning ?
Wtf is DuckDuckGoose
Simon is the best :)
Simon needs a fucking brain not his stuff most of his deaths was from stupidity
::stands and gives a slow clap ovation::
I love it when everything seems secure......and then goes to shit in a big way! A la Doraleous ignoring the glaring hole right above your heads! Classic! 10 outta 10, 2 thumbs up and so forth! ??
Watching this at 5 am makes it 5x funnier, Simon being Simon, the constant GAAAGGHHH and screams in the distance, by far my favourite 7days video
Honestly the best way to end the season.  I loved the death count.  Doraleous, you ignorant slut, I had so much hope for your bunker.  Ella Marie looks down in disappointment.
One of your best episodes of all your series hands down, including Subnatica. Very well done in all aspects sans reinforcing the roof lol
I haven't laughed this hard to tears in a while LOL Simon and Appsro have the most comical death screams. I really thought this would be their easiest horde night yet somehow you guys always seem to know how to subvert all of our expectations.
Dora for PREZZZZZ
called it!!! i knew it was the end!!!
I'm gonna miss this series. You guys made a fantastic series with an awesome finale. Thanks you for the hours of laughter
Masterfully done and a fitting end to a magnificent series. Thank you.
This show has been fantastic guys. Its brought many laughs to the end of a stressful work week and I appreciate all that you do. I'm sad to see it go, but excited to see what else you guys come up with! Keep on keepin' on.
Fuck Thick\nFuck Appsro\nFuck Simon\nAnd Fuck Neebs (and Ada but hes not important) \nDoralious has been the best of all these past few moths. Seriously it's like he planned this to fail as revenge for all the times his builds get ripped on sense you guys do t kill each other as often as you should. Live you Dora.
Season 2 coming soon
Well if you've gotta go you may as well go with a bang haha, brilliant :)
Great video ??????
Just had surgery and this literally hurts because of how much I’m laughing!
I hope this isn't actually the end of 7 days. This is something I didn't think I'd ever enjoy watching but my God every upload I've watched the day it's gone up. I love this series so fucking much.
Great job guys
no more 7 days? :'(
august 19th is my birthay
Since when do zombies die on wood spikes under warrior difficulty?
You're abandoning 7 days to die? Well aint that some bullshit?!
Please for the love of god, do this series again soon! It was great!!
Is this the last 7 Days to Die or will there be a new season when the new update come out, either way we've still got Ark their best series.
Worst day in the game for you guys and the best day on YouTube for me. Well done guys on creating such a entertaining and enjoyable series, you guys deserve a lot more credit and subscribers then you already have, So thank you Neebs and Crew????????
awesome music during the horde,reminded me of john petrucci's solo album
It saddens me to see the series end for now. But this series provided me tons of laughter and this will forever be one of my favorite series by you guys. Thank you so much for the time and effort you guys put into this for our entertainment.  Love you guys stay safe~?
Hurricane in real life is immediately followed by a hurricane of zombies and death in the game.
No season Final
Is this the end of 7 days forever
Everyone watch your step! Simon what are you doing out here! Oh hey thick... lol and on that day no cares were given to Thicks safety
That was effing amazing. The deaths syncopated with the music...
The greatest gaming channel ever
You guys are the best, I watched this three times and still laughed just as hard as the first. That song at the end too, glad you used it, love it and found it to be very fitting. Seriously, awesome work you guys - THANK YOU for all that you do! Much love to you all. <3
That was great guys. I've been playing this with my wife for over a year migrating from PS4 to PC. We got bored at our main base and had pretty much the same thing happen a few weeks ago at an improvised base. Hope you come back for alpha 17 since it looks like a lot of new content. I'm sure Simon will be able to fly a helicopter better on here that on GTA5, what could go wrong?
Love this series, please bring it back one day ????????????
I'm so god damn sad this series is over but I'm so god damn glad this is how it did.
Hope you guys do a season 2 on a random generated map! Be fun you see you guys explore the unknown!
I'm a bus driver... I should not watch this in mine breaks...  People asked me why I cried...
That was was the best. My eyes are still watering.
HOW BEAUTIFUL, I LOVE YOU GUYS ???
HAHAHAHA!!!  I just don't understand how you can be this bad after playing for so long. I love how awful you all are. Thanks fellas!!!!!!!
Love the content and thank you for an amazing ride along with you fellas. Went from Mexico Fort to Death Hole! And you all didn’t learn a thing lol
I want to see Simon make the fortifications for the next horde night please make it happen!
Please don't end seven days. You guys should start a new game on random gen.  I wouldn't even mind if you gave yourself a minibike to start with. Just sayin
Time to start Fallout 76!!!
Nooooooo don’t leave. Love these episodes will 100%watch it from the start about like 3 more times and Apstro will u tell thick fuck u it’s so funny
Man, I got kind of emotional over this! I remember the night i was lying in bed, and watched the very first episode the day it came out. I love this series! Thanks guys for always making the best gaming content on YouTube! You guys are awesome!
HAHAHA! I love you, Adahop!! Great editing and nice ownage. I haven't laughed this much in a while.
Just imagine what the next season finale will be like
Dope
Best episode yet...don't worry Simon i'm right there with you on the death count cause I seem to suck at living in 7d2d also...but on also, is this gonna be the last of the 7 days episodes??? :(  if so
This has to be the best 7 days video ya'll have.
sweet Jesus on rye this is the best thing I've seen this week
WOW my sides hurt from laughing so hard yet again guys. sad to see 7 days go. hope it comes back some day. great work all of you.
\"I'm in a fist fight with a cheerleader...\"
Simon was determined to trip every mine in the death hole.
Loved this series, my mom and me watch it together.  It’s the only video game she will play and she is always making me play with her lol. Ur guys videos have helped her and me through job changes, family health issues, and much more. Love u guys and keep up the amazing videos.
FUCKING EPIC!
DONT STOP PLAYING PLEASE
What’s the music you used at the end? Epic!
The safety of the base Doralious built is equivalent to a death star
Best episode ever. Fucking love you guys.
So we learned Simon is very determined. Thick isn't as good as he says. Appsro is the best gamer out of them. Neebs is a lucky guy. And Deraleous is the laziest horde night defence designer. But man do I love them all. Great stuff guys.
When they eventually come back to this, I hope they let Simon create his own horde night place lol
Lols, best failed base ever.
Reading the comments before watching the video (shame on me, i know), i learned that it would fail, and was actually really sad. I went into the video expecting to leave it with a bad taste in my mouth (shame on me, i know), because I felt so bad for Doraleous. But the way you guys reacted to everything going wrong made me enjoy the video even more than I probably would have had it succeeded. Congratulations on being able to laugh uncontrollably at your complete and utter failure, and allowing others to as well :-)
god damnit dorarara
Noooo it cant be the end
Nice going doraleous you've made the safest tomb in exsistance but to be fair i could have made anything near as awesome looking also is that it for 7 days?
7 dAYS TO DIE IS MY 2 FAV GAME YALL PLAY.. MY FIRST IS ARK SINCE IM A BIG ARK NERD...BUT I LOVE YALL VIDEOS.. I BEEN A SUBSCRIBED TO YALL SIINCE YALL HAD 23K SUBS
The blue spirits when they died had me in stitches
I really wanted this to work, Doraleous
That was by far, the most brilliant and sophisticated way to lure your best friends into a death trap to mauled by a zombie horde. Tip of the cap Doraleus!
OMG Best episode ever! laughed my floppy tits off!
So now are you guys taking a vacation to the Hilton for the toothpaste convention?
\"Appsro bringin the heeeaaat!!\" -Neebs\n*cricket noise* \nI'm dying right now... ??????
Best episode ever !!!!!
Dor: I just saved Simon\nSimon: Why?\nlarf
7 days to die has been my favorite neebs gaming series so far.
What a finale, almost shit myself laughing towards the end. Bravo chaps. Look forward to your next series
Well... What can I say !??. That was   with out a doubt just Epic. ?? You guys really put me in a good mood . Please never stop and always be friends.
Thank you guys for this series. It was fantastic. Do you guys think you'll ever do a short series of The Forest? You guys would love it.
Beauty of an episode! Would have been one boring night of standing around for you guys, if Doraleus didn't F up with the cave in while building the thing :D
That was fubar haha
That was the most successfully spectacular failure I have ever seen. Best episode ever.
SIMON HAD ME DYING IN THIS EPISODE
I feel bad for Dora, all that work went to shit because he didn't feel like making the \"safe\" room a reinforced metal box and fill up a hole over it.
LOL, doraleous score! lol, im ded
Love you neebs gaming. You guys keep up the good work and awesome content. I live in Indiana and my buddy showed me your channel one day and I’ve loved it ever since. He has since moved to Minnesota about 11 hours away from me but we still keep in contact and talk about you guys constantly. Give a shout out to Justin Dickey for me on the next commenting on comments please!  (ThAts his real name)
Doraleous secretly works for whatever corporation is making the zombies. The whole series he's always been different, remember the sniper rifle scope moments? And now he showed some enthusiasm about making  a horde night place and it turned out to be a death trap for all of them. And he's been laughing maniacally the whole time.
I have been watching religiously for 2 years now, and this is by far the best video you guys have ever made
You guys have a direct line to my funny bone because damn this shit show of a horde night has been the best these have ever been!! Thank you all so much!! And Adahop you chinky bastard way to crank that challenge bar to fucking Warrior!!!!
I'm sorry to see this series end, but what an ending! Perfect! LOL
good stuff fellas . i hope we see more after the update
\"Is that the 1812 Over-... oh god...\"\n\n\nThank you guys for making this amazing series. ^_^
Sad that this series has met its end, but what better way to end it with this episode. A killfest. Of both zombies and Simon's. \n\n\nAlsowheresthesimonscor-
OMG!...OMG!...OMG!   :D    Best Youtube video of all time!!!!  I was laughing and giggling so much!!!
Best episode ever
What a weak ending. You guys built this series for like a year! And you end it with a shitty title screen at the end saying blah blah blah we MIGHT return to your second best series. This game is more than horde nights. Do a random gen map. Mess with the settings a bit. But to dump it so suddenly is a slap in the face to everyone.
Omg lmao u guys! Great job!
Isn't it weird how we show our love for this group of people simply by watching ads and clicking a button...
what's next?
Nice intro
What a great and hilarious video! Sad to see this series ending as i enjoyed it so much, but you cannot do a single game for years (except ark). It was a great run and i am looking forward for the replacing series
The series ended and we never saw a  \"doraleous castle\" being built.
100% will miss this series.
thank you for such a great series!!!
GLORIOUS! pretty cool of you to include the map. TY
Yep. Wile E. Coyote
I have to say, Neebs finally made me happy in this game. No poetry, no whining,  just pew pews and first fights with cheerleaders. Basic happiness.
You guys should encase yourselves in a giant metal box and place TNT all around it.
I NEED MY STUFF!
I love this  editing lmao
Simon's composure is non-existent.
Please don't end this series!! This was the best one yet. I'm going to start a monthly Patreon subscription for you all because I enjoy the 7D2D videos so much. Knowing there'll be a Friday video make the whole week off waiting with it. Keep up the great work guys. I'm a fan.
It was all becaue of one man
5:26 \"I'M  ABOUT TO BLOW THE TORCH\" ?????? Doraleous we all love you, ya cheeky get.
That was golrious ,...... LEVOLUTION !
Kinda like Fraggle Rock watching this. Fraggles trying to stop the Gorgs getting in.
Good concept idea by Dora, to try and get all the zombies to focus from one direction, too bad he missed one or two details that would've made it an easy night, the key mistake was building underground. Good series though, I just wish some of the mods were better optimized and didn't make the game run like potato for anyone without a high-end PC, as the Ravenhearst mod would be good for them otherwise.
Hands down your best video yet. Love you guys. Keep up the good work.
Amazing editing, loved it!
Get that cheerleader neebs
This episode was so chaotic. I love it.
How the tables have turned... Looks like the hole fell on simon. My favorite episode so far! You guys are too damn funny.
You guys are the best .I want to thank you all for making my day happier every time
Nice series guys. Good ending.
This was exactly what I needed to get through this 3 hour layover at this bus stop/gas station in the middle of Idaho. Sad to see this series go
Best horde night ever.
Simon: Shouldn't we be shooting. \n\nEveryone else: didn't hear him over their gun fire.
Jesus tap dancing Christ you would have thought with all the showboating, demanding, and acting all superior towards making them survive to end up with one flaw that he actually knew about 4 days prior?? ?????????? Please bring this series back so we can all hear the Dora roasting. Effed up idea but let Simon do the next hoard night with Neebs as an advisor
Wow, just wow. How did you not see that coming? Adahop you are a masterful editor though.
Ada, is that you on the reflection of the screen between the 0:10 and 0:12?
Love the death voices! That was funny af!!!
Loved this series and hope to see it return one day. It provided many laughs and good times. Thank you neebs and crew for the great entertainment and hours of hilarious misadventures love the channel. WORLD PEACE??
@21:53 Neebs ~ “I’m fighting a cheerleader, yeah!” ??????????
uh is this the end of the first season of 7 days to die
Hey neebs can y’all do a Red Dead Redemption 2 series like your gta5 stuff
This is how things go in real life, someone drops the ball in some really really mundane task... like... leaving the rock in front of the door.  Or... drinking 2 cups of coffee every morning when their ration is one leaving less coffee.  Or not cementing or resodding open half blocks. Well... and know you know!   https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GD6qtc2_AQA
best episode ever, was too good.  you cant give this series up we love it
Awesome hilarious final episode. Love it!
This went worse than I was expecting somehow.
and everyone thought it was thick 44 who got kills
Season finale?
This is EXACTLY why Dora should be President of NEEBS GAMING!!! He made something beautiful but at the same time fucked up massively. Excellent episode, fantastic editing and a fitting way to finish the series. Can’t wait to see what you have planned for the future!! ????????????
Season 2? Please
Lols, simon is like an egyptian pharaoh. \"I like to die with a lot of things.\"
Been here since the Birth of this beautiful Season and I am sad to see it go but I have a feeling something really cool will be replacing in somewhat soon and I can't wait....   To Adahop Good Job Editing this shitfest I loved it Thank you sir..   To the bag of dicks we know as Dora YOU HAD ONE FECKING JOB Love Ya..    To the beautiful bitches Neebs and Appsro You provided so many funny moments and made this Game fun to watch Thank you my FAV Neebs Gaming People.. To Simon Get Good.. To Thick You Did your best and we thank you...          To this Season you will be hard to replace and hopefully In the future we will see you again.
Thank you guys so much for this amazing series, I've enjoyed every single second of it, and I will watch it again as a whole soon! I'm curious what game will replace this gem! Again, thank you
So what's next?
I think Simon has the best dying noise out of anyone
Thick44 eliminated Thick44\nHe gets kills
I heard that Neebs, you bout said meschatic i stead of Schematic! Hahha long live our dyslexia but also nice save ;)
Season finale ?? noooooooooo
Brilliant series guys, well done! Sad to see it go but glad I was here for the ride
Wow! I could not stop laughing! This was an amazing episode!!!
Holy hell fanfreakingtastic guys
This was by far the best episode you guys  done in days lol I could not stop laughing you guys are comic geniuses! Thanks for the great laughs.
That was one of the best ones. Great job guys
All I have is WOWWW, that was awesome!! :D
Simon is reenacting the million ways to die in the west.
Wait so is this the end of 7 days
Season finale? When does the next season begin?
Just a beautifully orchestrated  cluster fuck. A symphony of asses and elbows.
Its funny because you guys completely suck at the game regardless lol
neeb  gaming    team     change  Diffculty  settings warrior    64 Enemies        cheat          not happy  next    ark  survival  evolved   ?
Senseless SIMON...FUNNIEST FUCKING HORD NIGHT EVER.. NOT SEASON FINALE...FUCK THAT 6.5 DAYS TILL NEXT ONE..SOMEONE GET TO WORK.. I KNOW THAT IT WAS ADAHOP OR DORALOUS DUMB ASS WHO FUCK UP THE SETTINGS...BAWH HAHAHAH
Is there no more 7days ???
The editing is great sirs,better every ep.??????
No plan survives first contact with the enemy.
A great way to end it. I loved this series and will love it if it eventually returns. But till then I can’t wait to see what is next on the list for you guys.
Best hoard night ever!!!  Seriously could not stop laughing. Just wondering, did Simon died more from self inflicted or combat injuries?
Best Horde Night Ever!!!
?????? Best episode to date! Laughed so hard I started crying!
Wait?  So no more 7 days? : (
I loved the idea but did anyone else know the underground bunker was gonna end poorly?
That 1812 overture edit at the end was amazing.
comedy gold! ty for the entertainment
HAHAHA Dora's score should be -100 for building that death chamber. Awesome deaths guys. I couldn't stop laughing =D
\"I need my stuff!\" STOP RUNNING THROUGH THE BLADES! -Proceeds to run through the blades several more times
That was absolutely the funniest episode I've ever watched
I'm glad Simon finally got his torch!!
\"But I like to die with a lot of things...\" Awesome episode guys
that was the best worst plan that turned out better than anyone expected it too.
Sad to see this series go but at least it went with a bang
Congratulations on your 1,000,000
Masterpiece!!!
Jesus....
Yay!! A new 7 days video!! It’s the life blood that fuels ‘Merica!!!
Doraleous, you suck lmao
Just a tip:  Gather sand and rocks,  research cement making.  That plan would have gone off without a hitch with a quad pass choke point above the room.  To create this make a hole down.  On 4 sides create cement paths that are 3 blocks high, 2 blocks wide, 7 blocks long.  Have a space of  2 blocks open so zombies etc can go through 1 at a time.  Each block if I recall has 5k health and can withstand 3 explosions from the exploding police.   One thing you can do is modify this using blade traps to slow runners.   Mines around dirt etc is bad because it creates instability in your structure.  However,  if you have steel upgrades researched,  you can dig up 2 blocks deep,  replace ground with cement that upgrades to concrete that upgrades to steel which has 9k health and takes -25% reduced explosion damage.   Place mines at 4 block intervals and woila...you can sleep safely.  Keep in mind though, zombies during horde night Always target players no matter what you do.   So this trap idea is intended to be doje on all 4 sides of your location.  I hope this helps.
Loved the intro guys. I hope y'all do come back with more 7 days to die vids. As I said to Thick44 once \"I love everything you guys do and thank you for making my day several times a week.\" Music, vids, animated shorts YOU GUYS ROCK! Kisses
What does Thick44 and Jonny Sins have in common?.....Being bold and being a gamer...love you guys see you in Commenting on comments
Goodbye to one of my favorite series I’m gonna watch the whole season from start to finish right now just so I never forget and if it ever comes back I will watch it without fail! I love you guys in the respectful fan way !
Did anyone else pause it to try and see the face in the thermostat?
Empyrion next?
I will probably buy this game this week thanks to you guys
Easily my favorite series! Sad to see it go but hopefully it will be back soon! Also that was one of the best episodes of 7 days to die! Maybe always do the outtro of your song?
The ending is absolutely towards the end when you guys all just die it’s just priceless
It was a great series!
NOOOO DONT LET THIS SERIES END!!!
God dammit Dora You should have built the safe zone on the other side of the bunker then you should’ve blown up a big hole in front of the cabin and also she could’ve this goddamn holy fucki you should have built the safe zone on the other side of the bunker then you should’ve blown up a big hole in front of the cabin and also should have covered up those holes,You’re freaking lazy
OMG the begining
So what if you dig a cave that's square our octagonal with open sides going up to the surface with a square base like the one doraleous made and also possibly have some sort of sniper tower in the center. Thanks you guys see great
Such a great series and I’ve thoroughly enjoyed binging it (several times)! Thanks guys, for all the work you put into your channel
Shit finale? Cmon
Loved this series!!!
Followed this series from day 1. Don't normally like zombie games but as usual you guys make it a must watch. Will never forget when Simon fought off all those military zombies in that army base all on his own.
You should burn Doraleous on a wooden stake like in the Salem witch trials
It's Aliens, when they're waiting un the big hall and the Aliens come from the ceiling
This was epic!
I didn't think anything could top the bulletproof glass horde night plan, but this went several times worse than that. Made for one hilarious finale, and the death montage was perfect for this episode. Bummed the series is taking a break, as this is honestly my favorite show on the channel, but I suppose that'll make me all the happier when it returns. Can't complain about Frighty Night and whatever else is coming.\n\nAlso, I remember I wasn't too hot on Thick's 7 Days metal song, but after what happened in the episode and it being the season finale, it actually worked really well as a closer.
Absolutely flawless
IT WAS AWESOME!!!!!
Absolutely beautiful gents
It takes a hell of a lot of work to look this inept....thanks for the laughs.
talk about an epic finale
Epic
When the series first released, I was skeptical, but after watching the first few episodes, I realized you guys just shit out gold with everything you do.  Great run, hope future content will allow you guys to return to this. Appsro 4 president
11:32 Thick44 doesn't get kills, Adahop gets kills!
OKAY MAYBE NOT DORALEOUS FOR PRESIDENT
So many deads caused by Doraleous's hole.
Hell of an ending. Better that Lost
That was fan-f*cking-tastic.  I don't think I have laughed so much during one of your guys' videos as I did during the \"1812 Overture-Death-Montage\".  Well done.  Well, on the entertainment aspect.  Dora, an engineer you are not.  Don't quit your day job buddy. ;)
what song is played in the end?
This is a bittersweet moment for me. I’ve loved watching you guys play this game, but I guess it’s time to move on. I know we’re going to see some awesome things from Ark: Extinction and hopefully, Red Dead Redemption 2.
PLEASE DON'T BE THE END!!! Seriously yalls 7DTD series is my absolute FAVORITE thing to watch on... Hell, it's my favorite source of entertainment! I mean if yall need a break for a little bit you could always go back to Empyrion =) or something of that nature
Back when the first Neeb's episode of 7 days to die came out I loved the video series so much I immediately ran out and bought a copy of this game.  The makers of this game should sponsor Neeb's Gaming for that very reason.  Anyways, amazing video series but then again any game you guys play turns to gold.
Trying so hard not to laugh out loud at work. I am sad that it’s done.
What a stupid game...zombies home in on them from above and start tunnelling straight down? Motherfucker’s have ESP or what?
i hope they bring it back with a random Gen Map.\nThis was my 2nd favorite series, keep up with the amazing work.
So Thick'd is when you screw up, and Dora'd is when you FUCK up
I wished for the other series to be picked, but I was glad that 7 days to die was picked. I hope you guys do the other choices that was selected. I wish you guys re visit Minecraft
mistakes were made, MANY MANY HILARIOUS MISTAKES ??????????
Yalls' best video ever by far!!
I’m really gonna miss this series! I still remember yalls first horse night at the prison and how amazing it was! And then how y’all made numerous bunkers within mountains or caves, not to mention the Mexican fort or the desert fort! I really hope y’all decide to do more of this series!
5:52 Did that explosion just uncovered a treasure chest?
NOOOOOO ITS OVEER!!!! NOOOOOOOOO *world population drops down to 0.1 *
1812 overture at the end, excellent
On horde night i should go underground
I honestly wasn't ready for this series to end.... Sad day. Question.  Will you guys be doing a Fallout 76 series or at least an episode? Please discuss on C.o.C. Thanks you guys are Awesome!
That. Was. Amazing!
The zombies had a better plan.
horde horde Horde HOrde HORde HORDe HORDE HORRDDEEE!
I kinda want this game, but it seems that a lot of people dislike it and so do some of the crew. Can someone tell me if it's worth it?
Poor simon... LMAO
Thick went out like John Wayne, taking a few of them down with him with that rocket blast. Slow salute to you sir. You and your squad will be remembered.
Jesus Christ simon you really are something else my man
Bro soda came out my nose
THIS. WAS. HILARIOUS
So sorry to see this series end. I loved it!  This episode was by far your best. Hope you do more seven days to die very soon.
Im so gutted its over, hope its only just for now!
That was a rough follow up from the scrap mechanic battleships episode Dora
I hope you will come back after  new updates  they doing  lots of news coming up
Fantastic series guys, I love the way the audio gets edited in every video! Can't wait to see what you guys come out with next!!
You guys once was at a place that had automatic rifle turrets. Why not just go inside there on hord night?
Hahahahahahhahaah. Epic failure.
For who ever edit this and may conserved, I’m sorry you had to edit that ether you hate you life with all the deaths or couldn’t stop laughing but in the end I thank you. P.S. Simeon you used more of the traps than the zombies ran into
As man I was really hoping for his bunker to work. It would have been awesome!
Great episode makes me sad it's the last episode... hopefully whatever u replace it with makes me super excited for Friday vids.. because Fridays were great bc u guys do such a great job with this game...so sad to see it go....
This is amazing work guys! Best 7 days video by far. Thank you so much for creating something that everyone loved. This was a great series and probably the highlight of my Fridays! I’m sure going to miss this series, but I’m sure you have something amazing to replace it! Love you guys, cheers!
Season 2
rofl literally cannot breathe.... yall r awesome hahaha that was great tyvm all of you
Simon says: \"Eh deh deh hee wah deh gah dah geh. dah.Urk.\"  And I quote.  LOL>. Solid finale guys, you really some fun ass dudes.  Keep it coming, and can't wait to see what comes next.
May I quote dora on this one \"this will be the easiest horde night so far.... or I'm building our grave\"
Bravo..... bravo!!!!!! I laughed so hard at this. You guys are awesome. Yet another great video
Freaking loved EVERY minute of it. At first I was thinking to myself ' How is Simon still alive and everyone else died...' then once he died I was like 'there we go' which made me chuckle at the thought of it until I saw thick hadn't died yet either.. Thank you Ada and the Neebs crew for making me laugh till I cough and cry. I will most definitely miss this series next week.
Quite possibly the most epic video you guys have done!
Not sure if you guys heard about telltale games closing.....I believe the new walking dead they are doing will be there last production. Not sure were that leaves 7 days to die but probably not in a good spot ??
Now you guys can fill the hole with water and have an in-ground pool....
I hope y'all make a second season love watching y'all
Ada amazing cold open but I am a lil disappointed you didnt do a panning opening shot with the drone . Great stuff man !!!
WAIT IS 7 DAYS OVER
Nice try Dora
So this is it?
Take a lesson, Dexter, this is how you properly end a season.
Who is the genius that decided building a death hole was a great idea. Oh wait y'all been thicked by fukn Dora!! Lmfao. Great series hope revisit some day or highlights of failures and accomplishments.
Really enjoyed this series, guys. Thanks for all the laughs!
Wonder whats next for Friday series.
What a hilarious shit-show.
Am lost for words, what I just seen
5 seconds to die
Murphy's Law at its finest!  ??
Hey idiots. SEASON FINALE\n\n\nThe show isnt over. Stfu!
Delorean Score
This isn’t the end of a series right
:/ I hate when a series ends. Neebs nooo this Minecraft and gta have been my favorite series other then doraleous and associates.
Lol... I so called it last video.
14:30 -  \"FUCK  YOU  DOLARIUS\"  -  I burst  out  laughing.\nDOLARIUS ... YOU  GET  A  1  out  of  10.\nYou  get  a  1  for  Effort.   I would  have  given  you  a  4,  but  you  tried  to  cover  up  your  blunder.  The  hilarious  cursing  was  inevitable  -  lol
Awesome way to end the series! GREAT adventure start to finish....... That's said I think it's time to MAHA!!!\n\nMAKE ANOTHER HYPERION ADVENTURE!
I love using gas barrels to make an underground mine.
Thank you guts for an awesome series!
the zombies take the shortest path to the heat.
Never end this channel even when you are all in your 90s get together and keep this channel going
SIMONS SANDWICH COOKING SHOW!!!
Man, my heart sank a bit when I read the final message.  I was introduced to Neebs through the 7DTD developer diary back in February and became a HUGE fan... Helped me through some of the worst months of my life (3rd immediate family member passed away within a 6 year period). Ark, GTA5, Subnautica, Neebsilvania, Toonstone, live streams on Thursdays... Now the thing that brought me to Neebs Gaming has come to an end sniffles - It's all good, can't wait until the next venture!  You guys have a special talent and are great!!  A serious, THANK YOU for what you bring to your fans.  World Peace and kisses!
Hey is the map you guys have on google docs updated? \nplease let me know on commenting on comments it would make my month :D
This channel deserves so many more subscribers the amount of effort and how much they care for each video they put out should be getting millions of views each one
This might be my favorite 7 days video y’all have ever made
Thank god you are finally quitting this fucking game!  Please move on to conan exiles or something else... anything else.. thanks :)
Can’t wait for another season with a new map! This was my favorite series in a while now
I love the vigorous fingering of the thermostat ??
Favorite episode yet! Amazing editing job ada!
This was the best horde night by far.. From the intro to the ending credits. To the bad ass 7 days to die song.. Love you guys.. The best yt entertainment..
Are you guys going to play MOD War Of The W 5.3        7 days die????????
Thank you all for your hard work. You went out strong, very funny episode!
out.... fucking.... standing.
Such a beautiful mess of a bunker that committed both big bunker sins. 1)don't assume earth will protect you in place of concrete/steel. and 2) zombies will go above where you are so you need to have the hole real close to where you're hiding. Excellent job all hope to see you back in this shitstorm eventually
another big part of this game is being raped! on the pvp servers as a group of noobs, might be fun to see gang join a pvp server.
Dora might have messed this up, but remember that time he built battleship in scrap ??
I hate the series is over, but it was amazing to watch. Keep up the good work fellas and lets start to see more GTA V episodes again.
Brilliant!!!
Who knew this horde night can start so boring and end with a death comp, great job Dora it went exactly how I thought. Love ya'll
did you guys know ada was screwing you over?
Simon just stay at the spoon next time
That death montage though... omg the lols ... My cats are freaking out at how loud I'm being. Best 7 days yet GJ Dora
That intro was great.
So sad to see 7days end. Was absolutely brilliant! Thanks guys you bossed that game
On 2nd viewing you can see the holes while Dora is making his announcements.
Thicke needs more character development. He seems to disappear and is very forgettable. Are you guys able to mention this in further discussion on the next commenting on comments please?
Are you guys gonna live stream alpha 17?
Oh My God!!! This episode was AMAZING Holy Shit! Funniest thing I have ever seen!
Can't wait to see what new series takes the place
Doraleous the king of really good ideas executed half assed and the baron of the not testing his shit. I love you guys
Ok guys! Best episode yet! Loved it! Yall are awesome, but I also gotta give props to your editing master, well done sir!
?????? hilarious deathtrap
At first I wasn't into this series but not after a long time I got to love it. It's soo sad that it ended but non the less a great finale!\n\nPs: Please comeback to this game someday
So is this the end of 7 days for good? It definitely when out on a strong but disastrous note
You f*cked this up beautyfully! Fun to watch!
This.... this is great. As a member of the NYPD. This is literally the best thing I seen all day. Made this day the best. thank you so much for this.
You know guys, you could find someone who is actually competent to tell jokes if that's why you're keeping Simon around.
End of 7 days?!?!
15:20\nSimon died\nSimon died\nSimon died\nSimon died\nSimon died\nSimon died\nSimon died\nSimon died\nSimon died\n\n.. just another day on Neebs gaming
Please start the new season soon! Love you guys!
\"Fantastic failure\", thx for the laughs
Appsro bringing the HEEAAAT
I have to say this wos the most fannyes, best, survaiving episode of 7 days to day and the end with the song wos fantastik i fit the game perfectly.greate job gays
Does Simon think it's called \"bob wire\"?
What's the opposite of a fort again?.. hemmmm Dora.. humm  p.s I've never in any other video, laughed more than this one. And I've watched every single one I swear to God... every one 10/10
I am really gonna miss this series!! I loved watching you all argue and mess around. Every horde night is funnier than the last!! Love all the edits and find-adahops. Even funnier is simon trying to do simple things. Dora is the Brains that over does everything. Thick is just mr. Badass. Needs is trying to keep the culture alive with his poetry. And apstro is that one survivor guy that just knows how to work with what hes got. LOVE YOU GUYS
7 dies to die and ark are your best 2 playlists  please dont stop 7dtd  its one of the best YT playlists ever!!!
Best line ever \"I like to die with a lot of things\"
Oh man. This was the first series that I watched. This series got me  hooked on the channel, I can’t wait to see what’s next.
did dora put shotgun bullets into the turrets
R.I.P. !
This is why I fuckin love watching u guys????????
Neebs keep this going I love this series
watching you guys die over and over again brings me such joy. good job doraleous.
This episode was like a really bad smell  that I just could not  stop sniffing!!! Great work
NO, Please dont let this series end! Its way better than ARK and GTA.\nFor the love of god, keep it going :'(
Man absolutely a great series!  I'm going to miss it alot.  Usually put these series on to fall asleep.  It's been a great run guys!  The Dora tomb did not disappoint.
Goodby 7 deys to day. We will mis you.
Guys for a new series could you play don't starve togeather
This is quite possibly the funniest epic fail I have ever seen on any seven days to die video ever.
So is 7 days really over.. I would think you guys would have done like ank ending saying goodbye to all you're past houses and forts however in ark there was a success ... aka killing manticore
Ima miss this show for sure
When are you beginning on \nbff's bf v
Finally joining the men? You are almost playing 7DTD on manly settings. You girls!
Best hoard night ever!!!
One of my favorite series on this channel sad to see it end but I'm sure something will replace it and it will be just as awesome
I expected no less. Everything Doraleous touches is gold. Thus the Doraleous standard.
1st scene adajop gets tired of editing... so he decides to end the series then and there...
I'm absolutely not surprised by any of this.
Doraleous you doomed us all, you doomed us all Doraleous. -Appsro     Best line ever and moral of today's episode.  Can't wait to see what else you guys have planned and also please do a series for Don't Starve Together
Thanks for another great series boys. Looking forward to not only what you replace this with, but maybe, seeing it again after a few game updates. Cheers!!
What kind of break from 7 days are we talking about? Like a break where it comes back after a few weeks and all is good? Or the kinda break where she runs off with your cousin and you don’t hear from her again until you get papers in the mail 3 months later filling for divorce?
23:58 why does simon walk off if dora has most deaths???
Guys this was one of the funniest playthoughs ever thank you
When this game was chosen to be the next series, I wasn't overjoyed by the idea, but still watched as it was you guys. This ended up being by far my favourite thing you guys have ever created.\nThe editing, the music, the thumbnails, the little stories you all told, everything has been fantastic.\nAbsolutely gutted that the series has came to an end... Temporarily I hope. But I know that whatever you guys put out next will also be a masterpiece.\nYou truly are the best YouTube channel out there.\nKeep up the fantastic work, and thank you for everything you do.
Good job not fixing the holes Doraleous
Woah i should’ve got my peanuts for this episode
But if this is the end what will i watch Fridays. What next no more ark on Saturdays I’m only now just getting over conquest and kittens and you pull a stunt like this its too much guys ??
I am both insanely sad to see this laid to rest, and excited for whatever is coming next. This is definitely one of my favorite things to binge over and over again. All your videos bring me joy. You guys are the best
That failed just as horribly as i hoped
Way to end the journey Doraleous, without a hitch
Here's hoping the next alpha drops soon, so we can have more of the wonderful mayhem of Neebs and Friends versus the endless hordes!
Damn... getting thick'd does seem so bad now. Great series I enjoyed watching every week!!!
This was great loved it. The whole series, you guys made 7 days to die fun for me a console player who doesn’t have nearly as much stuff as pc. Great series much love! Hope to see you return to it in a year  or so
Lmao keep up the great work guys really really love what y'all do thanks guys
What does season finale really mean though guys? No more at all? Few weeks off? Different game each Friday?
Holy shit, what a way to end things. Gotta be honest, seeing all of this last week, I figured it would be a walk in the park. Never figured things would go so horrifically awry
2:11 So true ; so true
I loved the series im sad to see it go.
This...was...awesome
Wow. What a monumental fuck up. Absolutely brilliant to watch. Hope you go back to it in the future.
Sad to see this series end... But I think it's a good way to end, it just all went to shit. lol I do hope you guys return to 7 Days one day, cos it's nice seeing you guys all together and just having a good ass time (as Appsro would say :) Can't wait to see what series you guys bring next, I'm sure we'll all love it and I tip my hat to Adahop for all his hard work editing this series, it's been fantastic! love to all of you!
Wait when's the next series?
Thank you Adahop! AS much as I love my boys, this was hilarious and well worth the entertainment! Also DAMNIT DORALINGOUS!!! NEVER LEAVE ANY POTINTIAL PROBLEMS FOR SUCH INCEDENTS! \nLove you guys (account jacked by Cathleen)
Love Thick44's outro song. Awesome!
You replyin everyone today?
OMG that had me in tears I love your series so much the Simon death close up was classic. Keep it up guys!
\"Without a hitch\" - Dora, describing his death tomb.
What will you guys be playing in the near future, loved this 7 days to die stuff completely, helped me get through hard times an it’s just sad seeing it all go away
#Breadstrong
That was better than watching Picasso paint!! Art in its highest form, bravo gentlemen!!!
yup... I was right... you're ALL the dumb one.
The best episode bar none. ( Warrior with 64 genius ! )
Simons death sounds are the fucking best
Is this because alpha 17 is close to releasing?
Taxi driver out of town on a 6 hour wait. Thanks y'all for all the hilarities, the Deaths and the epic content. Well except when Simon dies like always. In all seriousness y'all are a great team and fun to watch.
I laughed more at this video then I can remember any other video from you guys. Amazing job. Doraleous for President of Neebs Gaming!
This series better come back
Great finale!  Sad to see it end but I'm looking forward to the new content that's surely to take it's place.  (D&A?)
Freaking best one in a long time. That sh*t had me dying too!
For a complete cluster fuck   It was amazing!
Awesome ending, good job guys
Somehow I knew this wouldn't work.
Thick's Seven Days To Die song should be the outro for all the 7 Days To Die gameplays.
To say I laughed so hard I shit myself is an understatement. Well done Dora.
This is why I dont prepare. Also, why the hell can these zombies dig through rock? I dont think Ive ever seen zombies do that before in an IP
Ada you are one great creator. Thanks for the awesome episodes
So.. many... death noises...
Doraleous,  great plan and horde preparation, but poorly executed.   Otherwise great entertainment.
Most people under pressure produce something 'good enough'. Adahop not only pops out a freaking diamond, but he continually pushes himself and those around him to a new level every time. And honestly it's because he cares so much about our community. I am so proud of this series and this episode, I can't wait to see what comes next. Wawdee!
Noooo I wanted more 7 days to die vidz from you all... it is a great series to watch.. Thanks for the entertainment guys really love it.. Thank you
This ended too fast
What a great ending to this series. Freaking amazing guys.
Best episode yet. I hope you guys keep making 7 days vids.
GREAT song at the end boys! Loved it
Will this huge hole in the ceiling make us all die? Nah, it's fine. Just hide it with one block and nobody will see.
Probably one if the best videos this year. But definitely y'alls. This was freaking hilarious!!! Love you guys
NEEBS GAMING ROCKS!! Always a good job and never a bad!
Inspired! Never... has it taken so much energy... to fail, so spectacularly hard... Genius! Worked as intended eh Dora... ;)  10/10       'thank you & kisses'
Nooooooo
that was awesome dora dont quit your day job
So is this the end until alpha 17?
Simply amazing ?????? \n\n\"SIMON!\" ??????
I loved watching your guys series on this every Friday evening after a long day I’ve watched every single episode at least twice and now that it’s over I hope you guys find an even better game to play in place of this but I feel like there will always still be a gap where this game used to be loved watching it you guys are amazing
And the song at the end who made that did you guys. Cuz I like it. it's really good.
seen you guys die so many times it's the most funniest thing I have ever seen in my wife
I'd give Simon a solid \"Sham Sandwich/10\" in the finale
Oh my GAWD what a wild ride that was. Twas the greatest 7 days video ever.i dont know how yall are gonna top this one.
EPIC truely awesome sooooooo funny :)
I totally forgot doraliusesessisses rape dungeon reveal from last video. So hyped for this video.
Epic!!!ALL BECAME SIMON AND SIMON BECAME LEGEND IN HIS CATEGORY!
Journeys End indeed and a marvelous one at that, thanks for the laughs in this Series.
Dora you have fail harder then Simon ever has
Love the outro! The full 7dtd song \nhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=krgDoMQtuCk
BEST DAY EVER!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! i loved the death montage.I laughed so hard i probalbly pissed myself. I cant tell, still dieng of laughter. Thanks for this epic, most eventful 7 Days to Die video EVER.
So what now boys?
I have not laughed so hard in a long time. That was the best episode I’ve ever watched!! I’m having a shit time atm I really needed this, thanks guys, awesome.
A fantastic failure, hit the nail on the head lmao
EPIC!!!! but now im sad bc its over lol. Whats next? ??
Absolutely fantastic, amazing job Doraleous and great season finale Neebs Gaming!
Well, one day you can all look back and see that this debacle made you stronger... Actually, scratch that, I've watched enough of your videos to realize you've learned nothing :D
How can you guys ended on that. are you guys going to bring back the series on a different map. if not then this was an amazing series.
Dude I loved it. One of the funniest and best episodes. I needed a good laugh & again Neebs Gaming delivered. Semper Fi Doraleous.
And what a glorious season it has been! Can't wait for season 2 you guys!
Oh man I hope this isn't the last of the 7 days but def a great episode to go out on
This better not be the end of 7 days to die! Seriously won't be happy. It's my Thursday treat!!
Superb bloody editing this episode. I mean, all of the episodes have impeccable editing, but this one, this one is absolutely bloody brilliant. Well done.\n\nBut make a Simon Makes Sandwich’s series a thing :)
what is the music at 11:13 ?
What a disaster. Great episode
Fantastic!
loved the intro and the music!!!
what a great massacre, bravo
The Neebs Gaming crew's biggest enemy: Game Lag
Well if this is the finale then hopefully you guys revisit empyrion. Its about time it makes a channel comeback.
next time let needs do it  and doraleous i am truely your plan didn't work
Hate to see this end such a great series! Can't wait to see what you all get in to next
Best horde night EVER!! could not stop laughing during the death montage ?????? unlucky dora was a cool idea but what an epic fail. Still got to be one of my favourite episodes lol.
Spectacular ending, guys!! Thanks for the laughs and tips for how to better survive this game myself. Love ya’ll and hope to revisit 7dtd again someday. Now go on git!
Well what can i say? That was brilliantly terrible, and i had such high hopes for doraleous's plan. What a great episode to end on though, here's to hoping you guys come back to this one day.
Well now I am sad that the Season is over :-( now I have nothing to watch.
Guys 3 weeks till ark extinction. Y'all might want to shift into overdrive if you want to beat ragnarok on time for extinction. I don't think wyverns can enter the boss arena so you are probably gonna need a lot of rexes/spinos and heal hogs and yutyrannus.
Frighty Night next week!!!
I had the most unique laughter I've had in a long time!  I've been following this series, saw the youtube notification, and definitely underestimated this!  I was wheezing with laughter at the end, thank you for everything that you do!  It makes my day, love you guys, the best OC out there!!  KEEP IT COMING NEEBS!!!    BATTTLEEEEFIEEELLLLDDDDD!!!!!!!
BEST FUCKING VID EVAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
What is that song in the beginning? Can someone let me know?
i would have liked to see this horde night when the base actually worked correctly
This is one of the best episode ever.\n\nPlus Thick rock song in the end is the best song ever
I thought it was just ark but neebs' 7 days character also ended up looking like some sort of green hipster
Thick, your singing is terrible. FUCKING terrible.
It wasn't the holes in the ground that they went for, the AI will go right for you no matter what. Heat doesn't draw them, light doesn't draw them, YOU draw them. Even if you are at the deepest point you can go in game they will just keep digging right over your head to get to you. A deep pit with a mini base over it is the best kind of horde night trick you can do, the zombles with run into the hole trying to get to you and then you can just chuck TNT down the hole.
100 percent best episode everrrrrr loved the chaos hahaha
I havent watched yet but i feel like this is gonna be a good horde, ill bet the tunnel collapses
Best opening Montage ever
By Far the Funniest 7 Days to die episode EVER!! As I'm sitting at my desk at work trying not to let everyone hear me !! Can't wait till you start it back up again.
Or will his shoddy workmanship be their downfall.... Downfall! I didnt put 2 and 2 together, lol
Best episode of anything. Ever.
\"brain him\" proceeds to shoot directly into his anus
Best one yet.
Insert roblox \"oof\" sound for every deaths you guys had.
Love how Doraleous saw the hole... what could go wrong Dora said to him self its gonna be great.
keep it going its one of the best on the channal
Wait August 19th that's my birthday.
And THIS, gentlemen, is why we build from the bottom up when building underground. Next time you have a bunker, layer the top of your ceiling (which needs to be several blocks deep anyway) with spikes, traps, and turrets. Zombies can dig, guys. Cover the top (ground) level with dirt so you don't injure yourself. Vertical defense is key, as I think you've figured out. Also, the zombies are attracted to meat, including you. You can use raw meat in a container (like a chest, for example) to bait them into traps. Light weakens them, so make sure the area is well lit. Above all else, HAVE AN ESCAPE PLAN. All that said, the video was very entertaining, thank you for all the work these take to make. I'm an Ark player mainly (I run an unofficial cluster, hit me up if you'd like to come check it out), but I've dabbled a bit with 7 days, and I feel your pain. This was almost as bad of an idea as the Alpha Carno incident, and that's hilarious.
Awww.. noooo! I love the series, don't let it end guys!  \nBeen looking forward to every episode, gonnna miss it! :'(
Awesome...Thank you so very much for so many hours laughing.\n\nYou guys are my heros and one of the reasons Why I fell in love with the United States.\n\nThank you...and please stay the same...ever and ever\n\nPS Doraleus...great work
Will you do a survey on wich game you guys should play next or have you already decided?\nAlso this as an amazing ending to a great series, I especially liked that you chose “Journeys End” to be your journeys end.\n\nLove and Kisses from austria, keep it up!
Great series guys, and well wrapped up
funniest one so far lmfao
its my favorite series... TwT
Omg doralious
Even finish watching it yet and doraleous so far has built the best hord night shelter
I seeee a torch do you seeee a torch?
i like the last song
Say it isn't so? Loved this. Hope to see more of 7D2D
the best video EVER!!!
Doralingus, you have truly outdone yourself. The amount of time that you put into this beautiful masterpiece of a failure is absolutely amazing. I am blessed to be able to see the whole team fall apart. Especially Simon who couldn't seem to know which direction was up. Bravo team.
Best episode yet?? the music, death noises, needs/Simon spirits. Fucking GREAT Bois.
Nice job with the editing Anthony!
Needs spirit
best hoarde night yet!
Awesome.. haha. that shit was great! .... 18 deaths.. hahaha Simon
Please keep playing this and if you replace it replace it with EMPRION I really enjoyed the 4 episodes you made on but I would still prefer seven days to die but I can understand you’ve probably got bored of seven days
Good job
I love this series! I didn't expect that many deaths lol looking forward to seeing what you guys do for Frighty Nights and hope we get more 7DtD eventually.
Hahaha that was the best episode ever. Dont know who was killed more often , you guys or the zombies ;) .
Please keep making 7 days to die videos...  Lol
lol, this turned into your 7 Days Overlook Hotel hahaha. Dora should have known by now that the Z's always b-line to the players, the hole was never gonna work lol. Always great to have a morning episode, gets me in a good mood before I head to work. Can't wait for some new episodes already, awesome job as always guys!
Loved the show but very sad it’s over. What will it be replaced by?
NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
Oh, Doraleous. The best of intentions.
A part of me feels bad for Doraleous since he put so much time and effort into it, but at the same time that was the most hilarious failure I've ever seen in my entire life. Literally could not stop laughing after the point where they burrow through the ceiling. My cheeks hurt so bad from smiling and laughing so hard for what felt like a never ending cycle of worst-case-scenarios one right after the next. Sad to see that it's coming to a hold/end but I eagerly look forward to more content like this. Well done boys, especially to Anthony and Adahop for adding so much flare and dramatic elements throughout the series, and also a big double thumbs up to Simon for sticking with it after going through so much shit and making me laugh my ass off the most. Great work guys!
You guys are awesome and you are my favorite youtubers
So this is finished yet scrap mechanic gets allowed to limp along like a puppy with Lupus?
I love how Doraleous just decided not to fix the holes in the cave above his platform ?? he has single handedly doomed this hord night toooo funny ?? ??( kick ass 7days to die song )
Poor Dora it's like herding fucking chickens lol
Will there be a season 2??
Haha absolutely love the orcasta music at the beginning
Wow, just wow
I shit myself laughing seriously!!!
the traps killed more simons than zombies
Sad to see this season end. But Hopefully we'll see a a new season when A17 drops...
I loved this series ty so much for making it. Sad to see it end.
I regret clicking the like button near the beginning of the video, because I got to the end and wanted to like the video, but it was already done.
Sad to see it go.
I have never laughed so much in my freaking life, omg this was just absolutely fantastic in every way!!!
Hey guys , thank you for all the episodes you did , 7 days is one of my favourite series on your channel, and I enjoyed every single episode, I sincerely hope that you will return when a17 releases , it looks like a new game , thank you for making an amazing series , and I hope that you enjoyed it as much as we did , also do you plan on playing another survival game that will replace 7 days for the time being ? This is getting too long so , ill cut it here.
I cried a little bit at the end. Working on some sounds until you come back next season. PANG.....WOO-BAP!!!.....TING!
Awe man. I stopped watching ark and seven days, bc i got so damn busy for these last couple weeks,  but I suppose that i can binge all these new episodes I've been missing.  \n\n\nstill. this was one of my most favorite series so far!
does this mean no more seven day's to die :(
So what's the new Friday night regular gonna be?
Glorious, just glorious.
I love your videos been watching for years now, always gives me something to sit down and enjoy toughly. Thanks Neebs Gaming Crew, any idea on what we can expect to see take this spot if 7 days to die is over?
Dora, you of all people should know it’s actually DuckDuckGrayDuck, but, i still love you.
Thank you. This has really helped me get through a lot of stuff. Can’t wait to see what’s next
Simon...you kill me bro...????????????
Read this in next commenting on comments, This is without doubt the best series i have ever seen and i always looked forward for more please dont end it... cant you start again and do random generated world?  I love you guys vids and its honestly kind of sad to see this series end, it feels empty. Keep up all good work though? im in tears.. and whats the most motivating thing for you guys in Youtube?
One word!!! Pure
I don't own 7 days to die...I've never played it, but I've watched every episode you've put out...ever...but I would run out today and grab a copy just to jam with you guys. This is the funniest shit ever.
How to end a series in a nutshell
Read the title and screamed NOOOOOO
Super awesome ending to a terrific season! Appreciate you gentlemen and thanks!
NOOOO, not my second favorite series after ARK. But like for real now can y’all bring back some old series like top 20 plays? Plzzzzzz
Wait this is the end!\n\nNooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooioooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo!!!!!!!
This is a masterpiece, a FUCKING MASTERPIECE. You guys did a textbook season finale, couldn't do it anyway better. God! I have not laughed that much for a while!
What a fun ride. Thanks for the laughs!!!
Best hord night ever
I just wanted to give a big THANK YOU to all of you at Neebs Gaming. This series has been so fun to watch and has made a place in our home. As I spent the next hour being saddened by this news, it also made me realize just how great this show has been. Like any good tv show, the finale is depressing. Its like moving away from a loved one or saying goodbye to a friend. Can’t wait to see what you guys bring to the table next. Again, thank you!
The epicness just cannot be contained., Thank you guys so much.
Damn, what an ending. Who was duckduckgoose?
I knew this was gonna fail miserably. At least it was funny.
Season Finale, it was a good run folks, but we still got ARK so we good!
GG Dora
For a potato quality game you guys sure do make it interesting and funny as hell. Thanks so much for all that you all do, it always puts a smile on my face. Can't wait to see what's in the works next.
Please come back
Get harpoons on ragnorock
Sooooo I would like to put “ Thicked” to bed. But don’t feel bad caused being “Doraed” is replacing it.
thankyou for an awesome go at a game you originally had no hope for at all.  hopefully we will see you all back whenever alpha 17 comes out. alot of changes, and i can see neebs going nuts over the new motorcycle.  but what next?!
Man. I was looking forward to Simon's horde night :/
Beautifully done, boys! Beautifully done!\nLove you all so much-thank you for all your hard work and efforts, it's much appreciated!!!!
As on old friend of mine, who was quite a zombie slayer in his day, once said, \"first to aid; last to die. \"
What am I supposed to watch now  Netflix pfft
Haha! Fuck yes Dora! Have never laughed so hard seeing this go so horribly F.U.B.A.R. Great job guys keep up the great fucking work!
Thank you so much guys, I'm a firemen and love watching you guys in my free time at the station. You all make me laugh and relax. 7 days to die was amazing. Thank you again!
That went bad. Real quick. Lmao shitty its the finale though.
Would love to see a SIMON mini series of the house cleaner/repair man
Best Horde night so far you guys are great
The Home Alone theme at the beginning... proves that this channel is the best!
19:39 and all death sounds IM DEAD????????????#breadstrong
Seriously tho. Is bf friends ever coming back?....
If only the walking dead would end in such an epic fail!
As a 7DTD player, that intro got me hyped!
I hate if this is truly the end but if so hell of a way to go out Ilook forward to the next series p.s. I hope you guys have something special for Halloween
and thus a season of 7 Days to Die has ended, the mystery man who thus made the ultimate bunker into a literal death hole may never be known, CURSE YOU MYSTERY MAN!
Did Thick spill his ??!? ????
I cannot tell you guys how much I love the channel. I came to youtube looking for Ark playthroughs and found the Neebs Gaming Ark series. Since then,  I was blown away by the work and effort you put into each of your series. You made 7 days a joy to watch and I loved every moment! I do not regret subscribing!!
nice of you putting my favorite song in at the end (edit) thanks for the likes
Thank you guys so much for this game series! You did the best 7 Days to Die game series and this was an awesome journey! We love you guys!
Plz do more 7 days to die plz
Oh my God that number of deaths. This has got to be the worst/best horde night yet. Props to Ada for messing with the settings LMAO. It's a little sad to see the series go (for now? wink wink nudge nudge) but I do agree with some of the comments here, at some point it gets very repetitive and the grind for resources will eventually wear you down so it was bound to go at some point.
Even tho chaos is the norm for you guys.\nThis caught me by surprise, now my eyes are leaking and my throat hurts from laughing so much.\n\nFlu + neebs gaming is a lethal mix
What a epic finale!
Best episode ever :)
Walked into my room turned my iPod on, it went to this video instantly. Even my iPod is a huge fan
This was awesome. We all knew something like this had a high probability of happening. \n1812 overture!!
darlous did great, if only he had a team to help him
Great intro to this episode! And that revelation from 4 days earlier... Bravo Sir!!!
And also can u tame a titanboa in ark
Y'all have no idea how sad I am that this series is ending. It was my absolute favorite thing to watch on YouTube. Thank you all, especially Simon, because he is the most like me, in the sense of dying at every possible point.
That was quite an impressively built tomb Doran-Doran. Best horse night ending y'all could've possibly had.
I wonder what simons score is gona be this time
This was fanfuckingtastic! Thank you Doralingus for this amazing failure fort! XD
Don’t end it all plz
The music on the background makes it all so much more amazing,  who agrees
Would love to see Appsro play We Happy Few as a series like he played subnautica. You guys are great and keep up the fantastic work.\n\nP.S will we see any new battlefield friends or battlefield top plays from battlefield 5?
Slow clap as the comment section builds to a roaring applause. You guys are my favorite content creators even though I never seem to get on Commenting on Comments I leave comments from time to time anyways. Just got to say this series was a fine work of art. I always enjoy the series with all of you in them I think its what makes a lot of your content popular. What ever replaces this series needs to maintain that thread of the team together against something. Thanks for the free laughs.
What is going to replace 7d2d?
Intro: Gold Youtube thing. Second phase: Anthony's chubby FINGER! 3rd phase: An enoying voice coming out neebs vocal cords
AMAZING use of the 1812 Overture.
Simon rating 11
So are y'all halting production of this for now because the next update is coming out shortly?
The season ended because of Ada not because of Dora's death trap
Very Funny Episode. Loved the series guys Thanks.
Who's DuckduckGoose? \nThat dora \"sniper vision\" wasn't on his camera I think
Please do it again or something, just like ARK en Raft
All these death noises. ??
What a show! incredible!
That was so epic, great editing, the death montage was hilarious.  Hope you guys start up again with alpha 17, I look forward to my Friday work distraction that is this series.
That beginning thou. Ada you creative bastard
Is it really the end? I liked this series...! Besides ark
Wait was that really the end!!! No!!!! So sad
i hate you guys now like really ending the show dafuq?
I cant believe its all over??
The 11 assholes who disliked y'all can suck a dick 9:01 am 10/19/2018 Pacific time.
you guys got Dora’d
Sure did come a long way, from the Police Department of day 1, seriously was a lot of laughter and a lot of gripe, But lets put it to a vote, Should there Be a Season 2 or should we let them stay buried.\nThank you Neebs for being there, Simon, your great man, Just take your time and don't rush in. Dora, Chin up you may get another chance to Prove your self, Don't screw it up. Thick, Best I have seen you perform since day one, Appsro, if i need a friend in the Apocalypse I would be Honored to be shot by you.\n\nAs a company of men just trying to survive I wish to count My self among you.
god dammit this vid is nothing but a 20min laugh track at my house
Epic end to the journey.
The zombies just completely flipped those defences. \n\" WE'RE NOT TRAPPED IN HERE WITH YOU! YOU'RE TRAPPED IN HERE WITH US!\"
Best episode hands down
This was a great series and I hope you come back to it.
Sad to the series end. It will be missed.
INCREDIBLE INTRO! WELL DONE ADAHOP!
???????????? WOOOOO!
When will the season be back???
Soo does that mean it's the final episode or your just doing seasons for it now
Here's to hoping the new series will either be The Forest or Conan Exiles.
Uhhhh.\n\nWhoah boy.\n\nAfter canyon horde, it should have become an accepted fact that zombies can dig. \n\nFast. \n\nSo, if one is underground on horde night, and starts to see debris falling from directly above, one would be well advised to prepare for a zombie to drop on one’s head. \n\nAs for the title card at the very end: YOU BETTER. \n\nWhat game is next, fellows?
I would've loved to seen how it was suppose to work
I kind of thought this would happen lol they always know exactly where you are on horde night heat Dosent matter then. This might work against a horde on any day that isent horde night. I feel bad for doraleous.. all that work for nothing lol
Can't wait for Simon's Horde Night!
The death noises????
Loved this episode
Is it even possible to wipe in this game or do you just keep respawning?
Hahahahha ?????? this was absolutely fantastic lol but finale ?????????? noooooooo god why? Lol I love these video
I cant believe Anthony did that to you guys!
Hahhaaaa I spilled coffee everywhere and almost passed out from laughing. Superb disaster ??????
Thanks to the whole group for the entertaining 7 days videos. Hopefully you all return to the series soon. It's my favorite of all your series.
To be fair you cant really blame doraleous for this game's bullshit
SEASON 2!
17 seconds in.. \"is this...the first FRIGHTY nights!??\" Its 12am...\n\n(9:47) Damn, well you tried Dora.\n\nSo is that the end of this series?
Now that's what I call a finale
Thank you guys! That was the best content from 7 days to die! i was laaughing my ass off the whole time!!!
The Doraleous laugh gets me every time..too contagious...lol
So the finale was a glorious shitfest because Doraleous didn't bother to try fixing a hole, now if that isn't the spirit of this series, I dunno what is
There was show one liners that will make me look laugh for some time you guys will have a hard time topping this finle but if mean no more 7 days then I will hold my breath tell there a new one
Crying at simon.  Finally getting out, getting chopped, then land mines.  HAHA  One of the best videos yet!!!!!
That was amazing. I think Dora should head up all the horde night builds.
I honestly haven't laughed this hard in months, this was an absolutely amazing season finale. Please revisit the game when Alpha 17 drops, it's the best series of yours imo.
that was impressive. I felt like I was at the movies.
Brilliant series. Replace it with Simon Does Sandwiches please.
Adored this series! Can't wait for the next one! :D
One of the best damn episodes y’all made , you guys had me laughing keep them coming. We need longer episodes for Ark and 7 days
This was probably the funniest way to end this series lol ??
Doraleous thanks for making this such a legendary fail! Only you guys can psyche something up so damn well and then have it all crumble around you in moments. Literally. Y'all are the best.\n\nI found your channel through 7 Days to Die. My partner and I were on Day 250 or so and we were looking up some videos on farming and bases to help make our builds better. Somehow you came up--and I'm so glad you did! We've been addicted to your channel ever since, and are now trying to make my way through the Ark game thanks to that series. \n\nI'm really excited to see what comes next. Thanks for entertaining!
THAT WAS AMAZIMG HAHAAAHAAAHAAAHAAAAA epic video couldn't stop laughing so good
This was an amazing series
Will there be another poll for the next series
That was epic
please dont end 7 days to die it is the most funny and insteresting gameplay in your channel and I like it very much
Well is over now what
I’m gana miss Simon getting destroyed by everything in 7day to die
Greatest episode ever! Are you guys picking up again for 17? Soonish?
Are you guys going to make ark aberration series please do
that death montage!
Thank you guys for such an amazing series :-) cant wait to see what y'all play next
Well do Random gen and put it up 5 so you can explore more.
Im sorry but this bass idea was stupid AF. Yall should know by now the zombies take the most direct route possible. As shown in your desert base when the majority of the horde tried to come directly at you from the other side... you know.. the gorge.. You should have been able to figure out they were going to dig strait down onto you.
I’m sad the series is ending but I can’t wait to see what takes its place
Honestly who dislikes these videos? You need to grow the fuck up and troll your own life these guys rule
By far, the best episode yet! I couldn't stop laughing! What a way to end the season. I am sad to see it end, but I look forward to whatever you guys have planned next! Maybe give The Forest a shot?
Fantastic series. Loved it. The horde nights were mixed, varied and creative. Look forward to see what you guys do next
Sad to see this series coming to an \"end\". Had the greatest time watching it, comes in at second place in my fave series, after Ark. Btw nice plot Dora, couldn't have asked for a better ending than a deathhole and faulty ceilings LOL
I have been so excited for this video that I ALMOST feel ashamed.
:`^)
Fucking gold.
Hold up, can we talk about how amazing that outtro is? Like dayum!!!!!!!
This was way better than the walking dead
That is some Deathstar level design flaws. Good Job.
Doraleous YOU HAD ONE JOB!  \n\n\nWill we see 7 Days again? ??
I was anticipating a perfect horde night... and I guess it was! perfect finale...great laughs! I recognize feeling safe while digging my own grave in this game. respect for ending  the series at it's zenith point. You squeezed all the fun out of this game and I will follow you into the next adventure!
Don't feel to bad Dorra.   I spent a month building an underground base  just to have a bug in the game fill it all in and wipe out all my stuff.  I play on console and we have never got any love from the devs of this bug ridden game.  No up dates no patches no fixes.  Just empty promises.  I'm glad telltale is gone they made a ton of half finished games took a shit ton of money from fans that believed in them and just shit all over them.    I will miss this show.  Can't wait to see what is next.  ??
Ha RIP Simon. The end of this series has me thinking RDR2 will take up this slot :)
Please have season 2 of this series ??
This was fucking great! Might of been the worst day for you in the game but it was definitely one of the best for me!!
Great stuff guys keep it up.
Who is champ wild?
Saw the comment from Adahop, I think you guys are misunderstanding him it's not a new season but a new series...\nNeebs gaming crew please keep playing this game, there's other days of the week and no offence to scrap fans but I'm sure many of us would prefer this over that. You only played seven hordes cmon this game is a playground for your type of content.
What about the next season though?
Plz replace with gta or subnautica
Plz don't end this series
No more 7 days to die .......  not cool at all guys
What a massacre????
THANK YOU!!! Seriously.  I'm a 911 dispatch supervisor and it can get a little stressful at times.  On my breaks, I'll hide outside and watch you guys. 7 Days is my favorite but any one will do the job. Thank you for helping me though the hard days like today.
NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO WHY WHY IS THIS THE END!??! (by the way i was dissapointed in Doraleouses build, i really wanted it to work it would of been amazing) A+ on Effort but it's a Mega F for performance
Dat ingame lag
they should've given the RPG to neebs cuz he's an RPG genius
\"I could kill them right now\" \"That doesn't make sense, let the environment do it\" best lines ever!
NOOOOOO! I love this series
This channel and community is AWESOME!!! And it keeps getting better and BETTER! Been following since yall were at 10k!!!
So that's what catastrophic failure looks like!
So I have a lot of down time at my job, and nothing fills the void of boredom like watching Simon play video games in an incredibly novice way. Thank you fuzzy little man peach for doing your best
Fantastic end to the season.
On the one hand, this was a great way to spend some time before having to go to work! On the other hand, this might have been an accurate representation of the day I'm GOING to have at work.
thick is a real surviver
Fucking Simon makes neebs gaming lmfao! I guess all of you do ??
This can not be the end, I look forward to seeing these.   Every thought about doing a fallout 76 season that would be awsome.
Still pretty pissed yous guys never filled the lighthouse moat
Time for deep rock galactic now or what? Been waiting for it for months!
Fucking epic.  Doraleous is the only one who can turn a complete and utter failure into the most entertaining episode of the series.  That was the greatest shitshow ever, Devil Dog.
Noooooooo
You'd think a season finale would be a bit longer.... ;)
Doraleous should have completely encased the room. It at least would have delayed the horde
Nice season finale.\n\nA couple of bugout boxes around the sides with spare guns & ammo might have helped.\n\nNice of Simon to keep testing the spinning blades to ensure they were constantly working.
Definitely haunted..
Fantastic. I know everyone's going to say \"Oh no please don't end the series!\" You know what, I loved this series but I love you guys more. Just do whatever you want I'm sure I'll love it. I, like many of us, have yet to dislike a single video you all have made. That's just a testament to how much time and care you put into your videos. That combined with your comedic talent and mind boggling ability to shit the bed in a video game in such an epic manner when it seems that you're not trying to. Love you all. kisses, pats on the butt.
PLS MORE BUT NEW SEASON NEW START
most worse horde plan yet. whose the ediot design this thing in the first place, \n\n\n(hahah....)
336 hours of this game!! How much do you have on ARK
Killing simon simulator
By far you guys (Simon) blew up more from your mines than the horde did.  Nice.
Please don't end this series whyyy
See y'all next season!
RIP 7 days to die. You will be misssd
Yay!  I get to say I CALLED IT!  Those zombies dug straight down on top you all and you got Thick'd- no a Doracaust (should put that on a T-shirt).\n\nDoraleous your idea was sound and could've worked.  Next time try on the surface instead in a \"Death Hole\".  Maybe a LOTR Helm's Deep base with the same setup,  though likely better just to make an Alamo instead and hope you survive.\n\nGreat episode, hilarious, looking foward to more to come!\n\nEdited a week later:\nM'kay guess this is the last one.  Too bad but I believe in you guys and I know you will make more fun content beyond this in the future.  \n\nIf I get on commenting on comments somehow please let us all know what your plans are now that you have ended both GTA5 and 7DaystoDie series?
Wh...wh..wh..what, this series is ending? Awww... Well, I really appreciated this series. Entertainment isn't meant to last forever, and I understand. I hope there is another series y'all have in mind. #breadstrong
Get em ADA!
well that happened
This is a artistic masterpiece
...And with a heavy heart and a heavy soul Adahop ran out of time and money so the story ends..some say they all live. Some say Simon was the only one who did not make it. No one will ever know.
No more? But this was my favorite of their series.
make a new map and survive horde night in a sky scraper
OMG ??????????THIS IS THE MOST FUNNIEST VIDEO I EVER SEEN???????? \n\nThe title of the video shoud be \"1000 way to die in 7days to die\" ??????
This was the best way to end a series!! I absolutely loved it and couldn't stop laughing. It's was an amazing ending to an even better series.
Beautiful series ending. Sad to see it go, but beautiful nonetheless. Keep up the amazing work, and Doraleous, you should go into tomb building. Your pretty good at it!
Take a shot every time Simon dies.
I was expecting this to get bad, but not that bad. Loved it. Reminds me of when my brother and I turned the spawner all the way up.
That was... entertaining. Ooh God I love that song! has been my favourite since it came out :D Not talking about 1812 tho, I wasn't alive when that came out lol.
You need to sell keyboard keys like the ada key for everyone on the team.  Outstanding.
Amazing finale guys! Can’t wait to see how you guys top that! For your next adventure you guys should check out a game on steam called Hobo: tough life,  Cheers keep up the good work ;-)
This was a great series....I hope you do another in A17.
This was honestly one of your best videos!! Loved the finale and I'm looking forward to season 2 in A17
Easily the best episode in the entire series. Failure = Entertainment\nGreat job Dora!!!
I'm gonna miss this series so much!!! :'(
I think it's safe to say this went  well
The moment I saw the debris I started laughing :D \nThe most spectacular fail in a while.
I have loved this series. Thank you lads. Dora your hole is amazing
I really hope you guys return to this series, it's one of my favourites.
\"Smaller nipple for a more breast like teat.\"\nThat's the ad I saw when starting this vid lol I don't even have kids
What’s going to replace 7D2D now??? \n\nEdit: I was always pumped for the weekend because I get to watch 7D2D in Fridays and Ark on Saturdays. New series better be good.
This was the most epic of the hords loved the fact adahop showed us takeing it to the max
Simon fails, because he doesn't care about the details or didn't pay attention.\nThick fails, because he thinks he knows what he's doing and just goes for it.\nNeebs fails, because he thought he was prepared, but kind of underestimated the situation or got cocky.\nDoraleous fails after putting in a ridiculous amount of effort, but somehow missing a minor detail, that results in something spectacular.\n\n\nAppsro fails to fail.
Can't wait for the frighty night next week!
Ouuu Frighty Night NEXT WEEK!!! Always a treat!
best 7d2d ever
HORDE NIGHT BABY!!!
What a wild adventure, that I enjoyed so much. Can't wait to see what you guys have in store for the next series!
Favorite series on one of my favorite games.
Well, if this truly was the series finale, or if you're waiting on Alpha 17, then I would say this was truly one of the best endings to one of your series but I wish you continued it.
Nooooo!! One of my favorites series ??????
?????????? sad to see it go. ???????????????????? glad to rewatch it!!!!!
I hate this game, yet I love watching you guys play. Damn fine way to end the series. Well done all. Dora, way to play for the Zombie team with that death trap. Couldn't have gone better!
Neebs Gaming crew should join an online server together, that is at day 500+
Awesome! I'm going to miss this series. Great job once again, you guys are killing it!
Neeebs beating cheerleader by hand...  Never thought I would be alive to see this moment
BRAVO !!!!!  *throwing flowers and Xanax for Simon* !!  Unbelievably amazing series, guys.  That was one hell of a climax!  Made me wet and tingly.
Most epic gaming award goes to Simon. Dora and his good intentions and instincts got everyone thicked
I'm so sad to see this series end but also super excited for what ya'll will replace it with!!
Sorry I couldn’t make it to the stream last night love the video tho
Worst Hoard Night shelter....of ALL time.\n(love the ending song guys)
wait.... season finale??? what?!?!?!?!
Oh man i just finished watching the video and wanted to like. Then i realized that i already did. xD\nGotta like a Neebs Gaming video before it even starts cus it is going to be good 100%!! \nAWESOME SEASON FINAL, GUYS!!
Wait did that just say it's over
They looked prepared
New series please
What did I just watch :O
Duckduckgoose is powerful
I think you meant October 19th not August
Neebs and them should do a team v team death match.\nThey form 2 teams on a map and spend 1 week making bases and then killing each other among the zombie hordes.
Can’t wait for season 2
Man .. Ada should have also joined the gang for the finale..
was that simon singing at the end?
I hope for more
The most entertaining horde night ever and did Adahop partly fuck you up with changing the maps settings
Thanks so much for this series and for what you guys do. You bring so much happiness and laughter to so many.\n\nSeries such as this get my whole group friends exicted and playing games together. Cant thank you enough. \n\nAlso when Simon got killed by the murder vomit, I just lost it. \n\nBadda bing pizza pie
Holy crap this one was the best to date....the horror...the horror!!! Awesome edit
Damn you boys are good at this. I don't look forward to football games or new TV episodes, I look forward to your new episodes. So well made and enjoyable. Seems like the new fallout game would be perfect for your recording format + it would be good for views, discuss on the podcast pretty please!
I like the bunker \n\nReminds me of a underground mining system
This was painful
This was the most amazing episode ever guys! I don't think I've ever laughed this hard!! Very very well edited Adahop! And thank you Doraleous for an excruciatingly beautiful bliss of a failure! I am honestly filled with pains of bittersweet closure. I never wanted this series to end... Between this and Ark, I have no favorite. But this game just oozes content from you guys. There is a hole in my heart now. Guess it's time to rewatch it again from the beginning. Thank you Neebs Gaming for being amazing.
For some reason, seeing a shirtless Simon in the thumbnail made me smile. As usual.
This is the best episode ever I love  it
Wow I’m an hour late
7 weeks of 7 days to die. Great end to a great series. To think I was praising Dora on his defense work last week! Oh well, made for one hell of an episode!
more like seven...teen WAYS to die!
Beautiful season finale just beautiful
Doraleous you f*** up. But is funny as hell!!!
season finale??? But i look forward to my friday fix of zombie neebs mayhem noooooooo
Yall need a simon death counter on all the games
Best .....day....ever:D:D:D Dora you are the man !!:D
Now i know what means \"bittersweet\" I loved every single moment and i hope it continues soon. Love you all
I dunno if you heard from the Raft community, but there was a huge update recently. They added big islands, puffer fish, and a big bird called the screecher. :)
FINALE?!?! Wait no more 7DTD?!?! NoooOOoOOoOOOoOOOO!! Conan or Empyrion better be replacing it!! Anything else would be a travisty!
So this is the season final\n\nWill there be. New season?
But... The 7 Days series will continue.. Right?!
That was amazing. Love you guys
Nonstop laughter this is what I subbed for
duralious is the best
Zombie Sun Tzu: always leave your enemy a path of escape. \nDoraleous:  Watcha' gonna do now Zombie Sun Tzu.
https://youtu.be/jBLyyexZZoc Appsro and Simon kiss rl!
Best finale ever in history LOL
so is this like gonna be the last 7 days episode?
N is for no survivooooooors when you-
I'll miss this series ??
Noo this I one of my favorite ??
This is definitely the funniest 7 days horde night in the series. #RIPMegaBunker
Play the forest !!
nice intro
you all deserve a pat on the back great final! dora shame on you not covering the holes haha bless simon he did not stand a chance. hope u come back when alpha 17 hits love all of you thank you so much...ps great video editing truly amazing!!!
Shoddy? lies! dora did an excellent job how dare you Anthony.
No that cant be it why why wwwhhhhhyyyyyyy
Ffs Simon.
By the way it’s 1:30 am and I had to watch this lol
this was painful to watch
Top 100 deaths in Anime XD
After this I would be done too
so season finale isnt the same thing as SERIES finale is it?
The zombies finally won thanks to doraleous's bunker. Good effort big fail love it.
that was thick greatest moment!! That's it you are going with me!!!! Bloom!!
Bravo fellas, bravo! Encore! Hate to hear that this is the finale but I’m sure what you guys have next is going to be better than the contraption doraleous built! Love the videos, you guys make my day. Keep it up.
Please do random gen map next season.
My mom comes in my room to find out what's so funny, I'm laughing so hard.  Thanks for posting this so early West Coast time, LOL.  You made me wake my mom up.  I don't wear jewelry, and I don't like to cook, Simon.  I guess that's why I'm part of the female minority in your viewership.  I swear I tell everyone I know to watch you guys, even the tow truck driver the other day, LOL.  You have the best produced gaming videos on YouTube.  Also, with all the hours I've play 7 Days to Die, I've NEVER died on a horde night...and I'm a girl.
Commenting because I want to be on the next episode ??! Hello ! I love you guys in a none gay way! You cunts rule ??
Best thing on the internet
I like how Dora is laughing the entire time that the crew is dying around him. It's like he knew this cave would be the death of them. ????
No I love you guys and this game.  I can’t believe it the final season
No don’t end it my day has already been crap don’t make it worse ??
Masterfully edited once again
Doralious shooting simon, he obviously did this on purpous to get him lol
Sad the Series is ending for now. I'm sure it's just exhausting to even edit the show. But if a new series is coming then I'm sure it will be good.
Noooo this can't be the end! This is my favourite series!!! :'(
omg, first 30 sec and i'm sitting on the edge of the chair, excited like a little boy the night his first new year's eve.
Now that is entertainment!  If I had a billion bucks in the bank, I would pay you each $10,000 a day to make a daily 7 Days to Die episode! Unfortunately, I don't have a Billion of anything,! I do have 37.2 trillion cells in my body, and they ain't worth much!
good idea... poor execution.
6:41 I can already tell this is going to be the best horde night ever
THIS doraleous is why you ALWAYS have an escape plan
This has been one of my favorite series from you all. Got me playing the game too! Thank you all for it! Been a wild and fun ride, hope it gets a return soon!
Flawless Victory!
Best episode ever
I'm lowkey glad the series ended at first it was interesting then only the horde nights were interesting, if you are going to start new series I suggest you to try Terraria it's a really good survival game with lots of activities in it, but if you gonna play Terraria I suggest you to play in the expert mode it would be way more fun or you can play Terraria with mods it's up to you. But it doesn't matter what will you upload I'll still watch it.
Season finale or series finale? I'd love a 2nd season
Yep they are all fucked
One of the most epic videos ever lol!
R.I.P Simon 2018-2018-2018-2018-2018-2018-2018-2018....
Oh my freakin God that shit was funny!
I take it that's the end for now until the new update comes out loved every minute of the series. What a great ending but a great disaster love it keep up the good work guys. Maybe when the new update comes out you can do a random map. Oh and love that Dora laughed pretty much all the way through it haha?????????? Don't you go and finish Ark now keep that up for a little longer please would be devastated if that finished as well.
Should hav ended it with public execution of dora.. like in minecraft
Doreaous you are a wenkar.
You have to put spikes and traps above yourselves so zombies dont drop down on you
Best video on youtube
My favorite show from Neebs Gaming.  Gonna hold you to it being a \"Season Finale\" and not a \"Series Finale\".
8/10
I hope this is not the last one
I had such high hopes...
Hay Yaa'z ..... Thanks For The Laffs, Sad to see it end, but there will have to be a Brady Bunch Reunion at some point. ??
They probably won’t make more till Alpha 17 guys. So around December. (The company of 7D2D are very slow updaters...)
perfect .. nothing more to say
Ada you evil monster
I really though that doraleous has a ton of explosives just buried somewhere and he was going to just blow everything to hell at the end. I’m kind of glad this series is over, it was starting to get boring not just for me but it also seem to be getting boring for them. You can tell when they had enough of a game. Anyways, love you neebs gaming and great job on the stream last night. World peace.
Wow..... what a way to finish the series! That Dora score is the most accurate score yet.
I'm gonna miss this series. Always makes my midday Fridays at work more enjoyable knowing I have a 7 Days video to keep me preoccupied
its like home alone
sometimes all it takes is one flaw for an entire plan to fall to pieces.
maybe the  best episode in years
Hahahaha Simon spent more time spawning then fighting, next time give him the torch lmao
Wtf noooooooo you can't end this series omg I love watching 7 days to die. It's my friday must watch...boohooohoo (internet lingo crying)  but on the serious note nooooooooooo. And the award for the most times died during hord night go to simon (all please give a round of applause). Love you guys but you got your work cut out trying to replace this series
Hope to see more next season .
Dora seemed to be at the top of his game with the introduction of the battleship build and what promised to be the best horde night base to date. The people were even about to elect him for president! Its always awful to see someone fall from grace
Such a bitter sweet ending to it all had me laughing so hard the entire time this team is by far the best gaming team out there absolutely a huge fan of every single one of you would very much hope and love to see some more 7days to die in the near future and try not to give poor old doralious a hard time he spent a lot of time and effort into that death hole ?????? great video guys
Ah man ... I'm so happy and sad all at the same time
If after you died in the game you were reborn as a zombie hoard nights would be much crazier than this. Especially for Simon because there would be 18 more zombies that were way more competent than Simon actually is. I personally would have gone with the good ole thick escape plan like in the canyon but that's just me.
Wow, fantastic editing on this episode. My compliments to the chef!
This is by far the funniest shit I’ve ever seen ??????
As sorry as I am to see the series end it was a fantastic finale! I came to find Neebs Gaming from this series and have since watched many of their series.  Thank you all for the wonderful content and all the hard work you obviously put into it. I do hope you come back to a17 when it is stable and treat us all to more wonderful episodes of one of my favorite games of all time.\n\nI do have to say something that I learned in the army many years ago. \n\n\"The harder you make it for them to get in, the harder it is for you to get out. \"
This was the most epic disaster I've ever seen. I approve.
Man, seriously!? This is the end of 7 days to die?! This was my number 1 series!!
I never laughed so hard in my life.
Best outro ever
Wow
Noooooo this is my favourite show don’t stop now
Ended the best way it could have, cheers! Also I don't think they are so much attracted to heat as they are Simon's delicious flesh.
You fuckers... You get me completely invested in a wonderful series only to take it away from me. If you stop playing Ark any time soon, there will be hell to pay. I’m talking to you Thick44. HELL!!!!!!!!!!
7 Days is my favorite series you've done. so much so i've went out and got the game, still trying to find a play group on PS4, but i know the game is kinda old. I fear the day when thi series ends, cause i know i'll miss it alot. Also, Dora...WTF. That was the worst horde night plan, well aside from the Hospital Bullet proof glass night. I dunno, the death hole seems worse.
What a great and hilarious way to end a great series... Thanks guys (esp. Adahop)!
Epicccccc big love !!!
Record for most deaths on a horde night\n\nIt'll be safe -doralous
It wouldn't be Neebs Gaming if it actually worked as planned. Still love you though big D!
Definitely shoddy workmanship lol. Talk about out of frying pan and into the shitter lol. Hope you guys have a good vacation to recharge. Can't wait for more great content from y'all
not even a minute in and i gotta pause to ?? and salute that intro! lol
Loved it keep up the good work!
Noooooooooooo make a season 2
Plz say on alpha 17 you start over again! ;( ;( ;(
We all love simon this is a death trap
Not watch the episode yet just on my way on from work to watch it on the big screen but what the hell is this about season finale ???? I love this show hope it comes back when alpha 17 drops with all the new stuff and hope you have something for in the mean time what else I'm I going to look forward to on a Friday night
I hate to see it go GOOD BYE 7 DAYS TO DIE??
A worthy finale.
RIP Simon, Apsero, Doraleous, Thick44, and Neebs. We will continue to survive the zombie apocalypse in memory of everyone who died in the bunker/tomb.
Holy hell, just send Simon to post-war areas and have him find and clear all the mines.
OMG thick's song at the end is priceless
Oh adahop you troll
Welp doraleous really knows how to bring the comedic value...
Nooooo, not the season finale, hopefully you do another, maybe do a modded one like war of the walkers, but keep up the great vids, love watching you guys
Best epic episode yet
What a fantastic disaster! If nothing else, Doraleous is a guarantee to put in the most effort, create the best defenses and still have the most epic failure in the shows history, you're a hero in the world of comedic gaming sir! Just keep kicking the chain!
best show ever
i cried
Nooooo I'm so sad it's over
Loved it so much 7 days to die was great thank you for the memories neebs gam will definitely miss this
Oooooooooooooohhhhh this is about to be really really really reallly good
Fantastic. Those holes Dora conveniently left above them worked flawlessly. Great episode. Haha
The best 7 Days to Die finale ever seen! Absolutely loved it ^_^ Also lol to Simon 16:21
7000 views in 35 mins ...not bad
omg Simon cracks me up
Does this mean no more 7 Days Videos, if so what will you guys be doing next. Can't wait to here it on Commenting on Comments
can't wait to see the next series you guys make. This was probably one of my favourites.
i hope you guys don’t quit this series. it’s awesome and there is so much more you could do....
Is anyone keeping count of how many death there where
Simon is a WARRIOR
I blame you!!! I just put my kid to sleep for a nap and I laughed so hard when I saw the \"little problem\" I woke him up I tried to get up and tend to him but I was laughing so hard I almost threw up and dropped my phone
The best episode in a long time , love the way simon hope get high , just to be cruch by some epic way to die, keep up the good work boys love your videos .
This was a godlike episode
Best.episode.ever! I wish I could like this more than once
Not the hardest difficulty. Disliked and unsubbed. Also punched a kitten for good measure.
Do you want a president that hits Cheerleaders? Say no to woman beater nerbs, and yes to Simon/Fozzy Bear 2018
Red dead?
0 likes so far
This was so majestically retarded. I'm sad it's the end but what a fucking episode
Came for the finale, stayed for the great editing skills
Wow this game series is a year old. Doesn't feel like it's been that long at all
Will this be a season finale or series finale? Since I heard that they are no longer going to be running the console servers anymore.
Even  1st horde night was better then this this lol
Lol simon
Masterful, what an amazing series. Thanks everyone for the great show, looking forward to the next!
The Last Stand of Neebs Gaming (2018, Colorized)
Next season we need a Simon death counter!
The addiction factor of your shows is going up. I can't live without Ark or 7 days to die.\nIf you stop 7 days to die I'm going to need another Neebs Gaming production series to get through the week.\n\nP.S. Dora don't listen to the haters. Ada screwed you over and I think the Death Hole... hermmmm... I mean bunker was a great idea.
Dont end it Neebs\nLike if you want the season to continue
so are you guys gonna update the game now and play w the new stuff?
It's over ????
well shit its last
This channel and the guys are HIGHLY underrated.
Wait, is the 7 days series over for good?
Hi can I get 100 likes for no reason :) and if no likes then at least a heart from NEEBS GAMING :)
Who IS laughing like that at 10:07?!?!?!?!!? lmao
Pleeeeease do come back with a second season of 7DTD...maybe once Alpha 17 is released?  It's been the most enjoyable series I've seen so far!  Also, how do I get an Adahop button on my keyboard?!
OMG! I laughed so hard at this! Love the fact that Dora KNEW that hole was there and was like \"oh I hope that doesn't become an issue\". He invested so much into this place but didn't fill those holes? Also how did Simon not fall in them lol.
What?! Season finale. Hmmmm but I want more.
I love the name of the D drive
This might quite possibly be the funniest thing I've ever seen. I love you guys
August?
better than the glass box, but not by a lot :p  untill 21minutes in, then i noticed it was worse xD
#ooza #booza
Omg.....that was EPIC! ????
Watching this at 2:05am in Australia right now\n\n#WorthIt
Journey End is the name of place in the video. I dont think it is the End of the Journey
This is the best season finale of any show you've ever done lol
I am really sad that this show is over for now... But still it was a great finale!
Please go to a random gen world next! This show is too good to end! Random gen worlds are 10x bigger and I know y’all will love it! So will we the fans!
Only Doraleous could build something so complex with such a simple flaw. Proud of you Dora :)
666th like
I hope the new series is going to be Minecraft or empyrion
21:13 to 21:43 best funny death montage ever!!!!!!
Sad to see this series go. I've had so much fun watching it. I'm sure you'll come back to it once they update it....whenever that is...??
Wow, this was quite the Doracaust. Think Dora's kill count got padded quite nicely in this one.
Oh yes D's inner monologue is back!
The 1812 Overture was perfect =)
How did they get two drops?
Greatest ever
Praying for all in South carolina
I thought Doraleous was being loopy,  but that was a master stroke.  God bless Marine Corps training!!!
What a deathtrap... love it
May we never forget the massacre of Day 50 that Doraleous brought upon everyone. Yet it maybe the best episode of any Neebs Series yet. Absolutely hilarious. Thank you Doralingus.
God dammit guys you guys killed it on this one.  Wow i laughed so hard i snorted...lol  LOVE the 7 days to die ones to death.  Also gratz on last nights stream watched from start to finish and loved it all.  Waiting for the next one (im Srrock61 in twitch and Srrock on steam)
Plus the 7 days song at the end hell ya
This was great
By far the best episode of the whole series. I knew when we got the preview of doras setup something fishy was just waiting to happen
Thankfully they added body count. That was great
New season soon pleaseeer
I liked the death count at the end \nAnd this was one of the funniest episodes yet guys great job keep it going
hey guys i have a series idea  for you, you guys should play dying light
Is this goodbye forever or are they getting ready for the next alpha release?
The greatest episode EVER!!!
Gotta get ready for work, so will have to wait til tonight to watch the full episode, but that intro has me HYPED!
Haha hahahaha best hoard night ever my side hurts
God damn it doraleous
Kinda suck that yall had to end blaming doraleous. Doralingus ftw
How often does this happen
BEST EPISODE EVER!
Best season finale EVER!
F
Nah his cant be the end we haven’t seen Simon fortify his own base yet \nI mean can’t be as bad as Dora’s
This episode was the most brutal and bloodiest horde then any other horde
Best horde night ever!
#MoreThanOne Horror game this October.
I don't think that there was any other way this could end.
I knew they were goin to dig
Is this really the season finale
Hands down, this is by FAR the most entertaining 7 days episode in HISTORY.
Lmao
\"Im in a fistfight with a cheerleader\"\n-Neebs 2018
HELL YES!! Beautiful ending!!! You guys are fuckin amazing!!
Dorbjorn planned this from the very start, it was revenge for all the times the guys made fun of his haircut
This is my happy place. This and whiskey.
How funny would it be if the gimp randomly made an appearance in 7 days lol. He just makes random appearances in dif games
Absolutely love your content guys, keep it up cute butts!!
This was fucking great
Why didn't dora just reverse the layout of the horde area?
Why stop this is great
Season finale \n\nMe: nooooooooooo\n\n\n\n\n\nSeason 2?
When you literally get defeated because you left a hole in the ground. That could not have played out any worse! Doraleous’ Death Hole is the best horde night in my opinion! Lmao
This game must feel frustrating. Too bad the zombie drillers makes it hard to innovate every Horde Night to be different.\nWonder how a horde night on water would go.
Oh god not warrior difficulty!! How could you be so cruel ?! ;c
DIE SIMON DIEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE
Love the intro!!!
Am I the only one who thinks the music in the beginning sounds like Star Wars for a second?
Dora has earned his \"Maker\" coin.
THAT SONG WAS SO EPIC! WHO'S DICK DO I HAVE TO SUCK TO GET THIS FUCKING SONG IN MY LIFE?
Guys from Neebs, have you seen Dark and Light? Its Ark, but with magic.
You get a like just for that INTRO!
It didn't take them seven days to die though, only like 20 minutes.
I have to do it again SEEPY GOAT!!! Also the next zombie game you should play is unterned and its free
YEAAAAASSSSS!!!!!
At first I thought it was overkill, but then I realized it was designed so the zombies can go over and kill the crew.  THE BEST DEATH TRAP.
Appsro is like the Bill Paxton of the group . God rest his soul .
so this is the last episode?  nooooooooo
Best fucking horde night ever. I love this shit. Let everyone know on commenting with comments how fucking bad ass u all are. God job doraligus
Wait no more 7 days?
But why were the shenanigans done in august, its october so they havnt noticed since then?\nLol
Nightmare before Christmas the perfect underline music
Shit went south real quick lol
You had one fuckin job.....
Yeaaahhhh!!!
Congrats guys. This was freaking awesome. You guys earned it. Keep on being you????
But it’s October.......
Neebs plz do more ark
Please don’t say “season finale”. I’m having flashbacks to EPISODE 2 of Ghost Recon: Wildlands -_-
The intro gave me goosebumps. I love the work guys
Hell of an intro :D
I'd say revisit minecraft, a conan or a appsro series
Guys, you better give us a season 2 or you'll... umm be cursed with noodle dicks YOU HAVE BEEN WARNED
Say it isn't so
Haha loved the start of it. The music made it so dramatic! Can't wait for when you guys starts Red Dead 2\n\nEDIT: Watched the rest of it. This entire thing past 19 mins is practically everyone's death montage. Well done Simon, a new record.\nAnd Dora? You are an idiot. Congrats.
We all know it was thick because he turned up the thermostat
You guys should try \"Generation Zero\" \nhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wtvVuF3dE1c
I guess everything ends at some point.
The next game you should all play. is Rust.
Doralingus is beast
Well now.....THAT was unexpected! Frickin torches
Do a season 2 at alpha 17 update a lot of new things been added. Also if u don't want to do it in navazgane do a randomly generated map
Is that a chest or what at 5:51? Middle of the ledge made in hole.
Not survivalist?
Is there going to be another season??
Appsro de booty yeah
SEASON FINALE?!?!?!?! NOOOOOOOOOOOO
Is this the last episode of 7 Days to die??
I'm so hyped for the Frighty Night episodes!!!!
lol strap in, here we go boys n girls.
HEY SIMON.... SHUT UP
final episode, just in time for the incoming A17 update. nice timing.
Already super pumped 1 minute into the video
screams
WAIT, do you guys all have an Adahop button ? What does it do ? Does it make a wild Adahop appear and fetch you ice tea or beer ? Does it squeek when you press it ? Is Adahop trapped in a cell unless the button is pressed to release him ?
Cat Herding simulator 2018
season finally! better come back this is hilarious! how do you get these angles? \nBTW barrels and torches are only good for light not much heat you want to fire up camp fires and forges.
Be sure to not use Adblock to support Neebs!
Oh Ada.
Had to stop for a moment, just heard the opening music. Is this a fecking home alone movie lol
Here before a thousand views !!!
Finally, I've been waiting. Haha
Wheres commenting on comments?
Settling in for something amazing
Are you guys going to make a frighty night episode for Halloween???
Man, im here before anyone could have even finished watching the video
Earliest I've ever been, earliest I ever will be\n(Edit) I just realised the building above the death hole is called journey's end
uploaded 5 min ago & i just now get the notification?! , how dare you(tube)?!
Wait has the 7 days to die series ended
Please make morw I love these
Holy. Fuck. \nYaaaaaaaaaaasssss!!
Hi you guys are the best please post some ark
Best intro ever
I think it may be time to move on, all this show is focused on anymore is the glitches lol, seeing there is no end game its hard to call....
I love this series ????
Season finale no but at least ark is still continuing good job on this series lads
So glad I found your channel a couple years ago! You guys are my favorite youtubers and you make my day get 100 times better when I see your video notification show up! Love you guys and keep up the great work!
is that home alone music at the start hahaha
I love you guys content been subscribed since your battlefield days and never failed to impress so thank you for the content you feed my deformed brain with
You should do even more ark love that series lol apsro character
NEEBS
\"But i like to die with a lot of things....\"\n\nDont we all simon, dont we all.....
Yeeet
Liked before watching, as usual : )
SuperPowered YouTubers!!!\nI never thought I would see the day but we got YouTubers with actually super powers.\n\nNeebs: Super bitchy-ness\nSimon: Ignorance\nAppsro: Voice manipulation\nThick: Touch of death\nDora: No superpowers but would make a good side kick
NOOOO!!!!!\nLOL
Noooo, not the season finale
This is high quality stuff, thanks for setting the bar for others. Y'all are the best.
Yay fort time....BRING ON THE UNDEAD! Painting whilst watching neebs gaming....perfect!
2:28 Duraleous  is Duckduckgoose XD
YEET!!!!
Hi
yeessss!
I can’t wait for a 7 Days to Die Christmas special ????
Ah a new episode to distract me from work perfect
NOT SEASON FINAL
The end??
Haven't watched it yet but I hate the title. You can't leave me!!! Horde night is flawless content. The confusion and pure panic is all the joy in my life.
Time to hit a bowl and watch neebs everybody!
I love you guys
Love it already
21 seconds after upload, new record
Season finale meaning the series finished or just Dora’s terrible plans
My house was destroyed by hurricane Michael along with my town I just got service and it’s so nice to be able to lay down and watch all these videos I missed
That was very entertaining
Right off the bat, that’s the best intro ever.
Never been this early, never will again.
I love your vids
Oh boy!!!!! We get to see the dora machine fire up!!!
Oh boi this will be intense
Omg this is gonna be good lol
Days offfff
What, no more seven days????
Great video always amazed with the quality
Hell yea
Yeassss thanks for posting guys! Love the cooter poster
F for the finale
Yeyeet
I LOVE UR VIDS
Love these guys ??
Wheeeeeat?,
First person to like vid
dam thought i was first
First love the vids
first
Yo man where is the podcast?? :-( it's been two weeks since the last one. What am I gonna listen to on my drive back home ??
Hay
Love this show!!
bro i wove u guys
Great Episode Guys!!!
Waited all week for this
First lol
Early squad where you at?!
Super early!
Yesss
First, finally?
First!
Yeah baby yeet yeet
Good Morning #CappNation. Be sure to subscribe if you aren't already. Making our way to 75k baby!! ? Support On Patreon: https://goo.gl/CmLKbh ? Discord Server: https://discord.gg/qD5qdsY ? Capp00 Merchandise: https://goo.gl/LtgVoe
Great job Capp as usual
Yeah my experience here ended just about how the walking dead did.
I hated the prison as a base. The perimeter is rather large which makes it impractical to defend. Whenever I left the base for too long, some sleepers would spawn inside. It's fine for a temporary base, but would not recommend for long term.
Ask that a Prison Guard and you´ll spend time there.
I would like to see a bigger horde, maybe one with cops against the prison. great video as always
Yes this is the best place for a pre built base. I used it without upgrading it for 3 horde cycles. I was on day 317 using that base tell part of the inside that had my crafting things like forges and cement mixers and farm got reset. My outside wall was still up but that made me quit along with no updates for a year. I might comment a pic if the base under here
@Capp00 I just wanted to ask if you could do a video idea I just had, that being the refurbishing of the Prison, or other POI's in 7 Days To Die. Also I think everyone else who does 7 Days to die videos should band together and help support 'The Fun Pimps' if anyone knows anything about coding please see if it is at all possible to get Alpha 16 running on console, maybe even a fundraiser of sorts. Sorry I got carried away with ranting, I Like all your Videos.
Do zombies just...Expire? I’ve definitely been around zombies and they just drop dead after a while. I’m playing on the console version
Me and my brother have been using the prison for horde night for nearly 100 days and it's still going strong. We've built a second exterior wall with spikes and we've started on some catwalks between the towers with a tree and plant farm and a mine in the middle and the mine leads to and underground bunker
Hey Capp, do you use any kind of visual enhancers (Similar to what you'd do in fallout with reshade). Your game looks a bit crisper then mine despite my settings being maxed, I need to know your secret.
The only place in real prison where there are no doors are the bathroom..??
dont you mean glock. as you both speak the same.
god test and i have used the prison as a perma/horde base before and nothing got in only thing i did was put wood frames all the way rounds so i could kill em all lol
what happened to your subsitence playthrough? It's such an underrated game, please play more.
Is this a worst case scenario test where you got caught out during horde night without weapons that’s why you weren’t shooting from the catwalk all night?
Yeah if you want to make this a base your going to have to go around and place wood frame blocks where all the zombies spawn points are because just putting your bedroll down doesn't work. The prison is bigger than the bedroll safezone of 15x15 so if you block all the spawn points with the wood frame blocks then you can live here easily.
issue with the prison and with all premade buildings, is sleepers... it seems safe, but, go exploring and return to a prison full of tenants... and lower levels ok, but on higher levels... hehe. well its gona be fun!
The roof of Zoes , has a ladder on the outside to get up, I break the bottom step, so the zombies can't get up. Zoes has buttresses, all around the outside for sight lines down the walls that are I believe 6000 hit points each. Also Joe's building site, the platform near the top of the building has a girder extending out to the part of the crane, that does not collapse, when you or the zombies knock down the main part. If you stay up on the crane, the zombies just run around under you during a horde night. Even if you stay on the platform beside the crane, the zombies do little to no damage to the girders holding up the building, they just run around the girders, looking for a way up.
I used to live on top of that building. Very easy to defend!
Good vid man, I can't wait to have a pc that can handle this game well, been playing on console but building a beast in about a month.
TL;DR warning The best building armor in this game is air. To exploit this, your blood moons should be fought on platforms outside the reach of anything but barf or fliers. Start by finding some reasonably flat terrain. Build a solid, flat foundation on top of that, and slope up to it with shallow ramps. Using 5x5 or 7x7 pillars, construct a ring around the outskirts of your foundation, four to each side (12 total). The hollow interiors will house electric fence posts triggered by trip wires, saving an enormous amount of power. Access for drawing cables between the pillars can be created with a sideways hatch on a fence post without compromising structural integrity, and preserve the posts from stray damage. Lay barbed wire flat to your foundation in a ring beneath the electric fence. In the center of the platform, build a keep to your liking, and protect the keep and pillars from spider climbing by skirting them with inverted spikes. Any ground-level surface that isn't an open access point should also be skirted with spikes. Stretch a catwalk network between it and the pillars. This is where you'll fight your blood moons, standing over open space on catwalks just outside the reach of the dozens of zombies constantly milling about beneath you. If a friend can stand on the open-air catwalk across from you, you both can shoot at the zombies beneath each others' catwalks. With enough ranged cover, you can realistically send a looter down to gather supplies before corpses disintegrate. You may want a ramp entrance from outside your facility to avoid zombies breaking down a ground-level door, and a way for you to get your bikes in and out of your base. Random hordes may approach from any direction, and most of them will either die, lose limbs on a pass into and out of the space between your pillars and keep. For day-to-day activity, place things like campfires and forges inside your keep, but not at ground level (which shouldn't have a door anyway). Build your pillars up a bit higher, and construct a flat platform ring around their tops. Then place a dirt ring on top of that. Instant farm. (5 dirt wide for a 7x7 pillar). If need be, build up higher and construct a second farm ring on top of that. Sunlight will reach the lower layers as long as you don't wall them in, but one farm ring should be enough. __The reason I bring this up is that with modifications, the prison can be the perfect template for this style of base.__ Of course, PVP will change things up a bit. If 100% claim blocks are on, you can build yourself a nice tunnel network outside the base and place difficult-to-spot spiderholes, using soft materials, from which to snipe at players probing your base's defenses or engaged with your allies. If you would like a sniper tower, "wood windows" provide a nice dazzle camo effect and make it difficult to spot people in the tower. A few can be rotated out to shoot from. Not much experience in destructible base mode, but I would be more inclined to hide.
Great video I had a similar experience when I held up in the police station one night. They broke through the concrete walls but couldn't get through the cell door. It was funny
You can go into the towers above the cells
I always try to base in a prison ????
I was turning the prison into a base towards the end of A15, it's pretty solid but one important thing to note is to place player-made blocks everywhere... Zombies spawned inside on the other end of the prison and got me D: Also make sure to build against Spider Zombies, they got me the second time X'D Great vid as always Capp!
@Capp00 do you know of anyway to fix the chunk glitch in a random gen world. This is my second random gen that got ruined by this glitch.
Idea for a few episodes. Maybe after you do a few of these, you go back and redo an old one, but with a far later day horde, like a 200ish one, and see if they could hold up in later games
Have you tried the house on stilts in the middle of one of the lakes for a horde night?
great vid as always tks capp
Guess what isnt out yet.... 17.
Hi Cap, can you test that can burnt forest alter regular forest?
Hey wild idea what about a jail door "wall" zombie defense base. Where all the walls are the jail doors. Just a thought I might have to try myself. ??
I've used the prison poi a lot, and I can tell you its a great place to hold up for a little while, but on random maps its often built on top of sand. :( Which means if you build any trenches or use earthworks the moment the zombies ddig under the walls then you've got a serious issues on your hands.
Still want you to try and shoot down the air drop plane.
You should dock Sylvia’s pay.
u deserve so many more subs!!!
Nice video Capp.
To be fair this is not a solid test. U did this for day 35 hord. Now try day 140 and ur already in quite a different story.
Capp attack
#Capp00 U should try the Colosseum across from the school as a horde base
How about trying fall damage with max height difference? like.... +50 blocks high/up/into the air base down to bedrock? Maybe that'd affect some zombies that took no damage in the previous fall damage video.
do you have t-bag reflexes? 2:43 3:38 11:20
Can you make a tutorial how to put own make buildings in world seed generator archive? If already you make it, pass me the video,my intention is make replicas of other famous game scenarios and share with everyone. Thx a lot.
How can you play 60fps full resolution?
Now I want a pc badly,this game on pc looks and is better,we'll most games are
Lol the safest place on pc is the trader,you can live in the trader during night if you modify the closing time,must be funny seeing a day 7 horde just trying to get on but are punching essentially bedrock
Some paint, a couple of smg turrets, and maybe a bit of air freshener and it would make a neat castle/fort. :)
Damn you Sylvia! After everything Capp has done for you, you continue to betray
Friday evening.. a glass of 12 year Glenfiddich.. and the newest Capp video! now thats a good way to start the weekend :) great video Capp!
Me and my m8 made a base from the jail pritty cool whit a spike pit around it mini bike garage small mine and 2 walk ways the orginial small rebuild to that and one around the tower 's :D Sadly we cant play long some times ....:duo bugg:/error :(
I wouldnt stay there anyhow... the ambient sounds there annoy me(im not scared, you are!) Plus the mines in the area, they can make you shit yo pants :D
Heyo, Capp. Love your science vids, mayn! Thank you!
The zombies always go straight to the position of the player. If they can walk under you, all they will do is break through anything in their way towards that position and do no further harm. Some bladetraps under your position will nicely dispose of them. By varying you position a bit, you can guide them around, to prevent one bladetrap bearing it all alone. Put the bladetraps on the iron bars and have a room beneath them, then you can repair the bladetraps through the iron bars from below. The zombies dont care if you are above or below them, they are kinda two dimensional.
The prison is indeed on the console version's
u did my sugestion im gona have to watch ive wonderd how well it would work against a horde for a wile
Roger: One day i'll get that hug in... one day
Really enjoyed the courtesy tea-bagging. ??
Yes
9:05 It's not betrayal if you betrayed her first. #Sylviadidnothingwrong On a more serious note, it's funny that you posted this now, because I just found this for the first time on my single player world the other day. Never seen it in random gen. Cool place though, and good to know it can withstand a horde
Like it. Might make it my main base. Thanks for your time.
So capp00 if you have a wrench you can take the mobile spot lights I took the ones at the missle base lol great video btw
Thanks for the video Capp00. I made this a base once with a garden out front but I forgot where it was located.
Awesome video as always, I was just wondering what if you built a base only from prison cell doors or any other doors, will zombies attack from one direction or will they try every possible door to get you?
Ahhh im feeling so bad because i started in random house and i have a lot of stuff (day 88) and i reinforced it but i want move to prison because it looks awesome and strong
I use that as a base in one of my playthroughs. Not for hordes though because it’s not really set up for that.
Man you should watch this horde video. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ARfIhypkk3U Worst players ever but damn funny as hell. Funnies shit ever specially if you are a good player like you.They should probably colab with with someone like you to put their shit together:)
Capp00 I would suggest that you test it with a higher Gamestage. On my Day 35 horde I had several Cops, Feral Whites, and Hawaiians. If someone is really grinding the resources, and playing on 2 hour days, they will have a high gamestage, and the above Zombies would do a lot more damage than that weak horde that you had.
Ok
You should do a survival series
Can u pin me
hey Capp great video thank you. I have a premise that you might like to explore. A steel block wall vs a vault door wall. My thinking is as a steel block is 12000 hps it should be better than a vault door. However although a vault door is 8000 it has three layers of 8000. So in theory the door wall should last longer unless the second and third layers degrade faster.
Great video as always, thank you for this. The prison is absolutely amazing as a base, with some fortifications, and clever ingenuity, you can not only double the walls, build catwalks on the exterior, and dig a mine right inside with a farm, it's just too bad that on navezgane, it's way out where it is ??
Zero dislikes that’s how it should be
test if zombies path around ramps on their sides
Very interesting. With the zombies being able to dig with the alpha 17 I am going to have to start thinking creatively with base building. I liked your treehouse vids, maybe I will try that.
At least we know it’s safe to drop the soap
Love the videos man. keep up the great work
The real question is, updates will they ever happen? With Tell Tale shuttin down probably not
Anyone else excited for Alpha 17? Capp's gonna have a LOT of stuff to experiment with all the new features
I found a cave at 1029 S 752 W Can you check it out?
Do you use the simple UI mod with no extra storage?
I don't know about anyone else but this reminds me of a episode in the Walking dead, were the survivors held up base, it's perfect, you got zombies, you got death, what else could you ask for. Thank you Capp for making an great episode, also could you and Glock do a build challenge on the prison, it might be short but I'd watch it. Keep on being you
I find teh prison makes a good starting block, but as is, its not very useful. At the very least i like to add a moat and spikes. You can make some fun mazes/gun trap layouts though :) Happy Friday, hope you have a good weekend
Great video bud! I love the prison. It's secure and durable. Just need some tweaks. ??
Wow really good
11:24 teabagging? :D
Me and a buddy completely redid the prison took forever and a day awesome vid capp #Cappnation
3:40 i love how you did a little teabag lol
Ha!! I built in Prison before I like it!
Superb video Uncle Capp... Please start 'Scavenger' in the next video.. I'm waiting..
Yeah. German Beer. And Capp's Videos. ??
Thank you for the tour! I have not run across the prison yet! Great to get a preview!
Dont mind me asking but uh whats your graphic settings for 7 days to die coz im running my game on good quality specs and the game kinda looks dark even in the brighter part of the day.
Is this like a mod for skyrim or on the same engine??
I wish the console version looked this good
I've never played this game been considering buying it this video was very helpfull great work
Awesome!
Your voice is dope.
why didnt you check the box right above the entrance at the traders.... or the box in the right corner.... just curious could of been some good stuff in the munition boxes
good job
chujowa gra
I’m calling alpha 17 in February
i am going to watch this tonight i almost fell asleep to passionlips ‘sweet dreams’ beat cause it was so good but i will watch this now
I like this just got ps4 game of this
I like how you clipped this video. :) Looking forward to the next.
Hello Sir. Greetings from the UK. I have been following you now on your channel for well over six months and I just wanted to say, as a fan of this game, both on PC and console, I love your 'series' videos and enjoy watching the challenges you set yourself on this game. Very entertaining channel and I cannot wait for Alpha 17, to play myself and also to see what you will get up to. Keep up the great content mate. Cheers
is 64 enemies standard. i am back into 7 days im looking for a challenge but dont want to spend a month figuring out what a reasonably good player should set the setting to. anyone have suggestions? thanks.
YESSSSSSS! If only PS4 7 days to die was like this
Please do me a favor and put your night vision goggles on so you have at least 1 more spot open in your inventory.
Wait, what? No trader? Why the heck not? Its compatible with the 'Ramblin Man' theme, you find them, use them, move on. Maybe just use each one once, then mark them with an X on your map?
You forgot to Show Loot ON.
Very cool! I love starting new games in random gen and wandering. Don't overlook snow berries as a food source. You can eat 3 safely in a row every 1/2 hour or so in-game. Great way to keep you topped off between meals as you're rambling around.
I'm surprised you didn't take advantage of the secret well at the Traders to scavenge some of the stuff you can find there.
Awesome challenge. Glad theres another series up and going. Can't wait to see where this leads.
Nice new idea Glock
I decided to set up a world to torture myself I lasted 2 days it was insane difficulty zombies set to always run 200% block durability 50% loot
You said no crafting a storage, but why not use existing cabinets or other things?
You left a backpack in the first cabin you looted
Aside from the caveat about traders, this is more or less how I spend my time in the first 28 days or so. I try to plant a tree fort near one of those forge house POIs, then I roam around between bloodmoons. By day 20 or so I have plenty of mats to begin a serious fortification. I dont ramp the difficulty though, it just turns the Zeds into bullet sponges and "it takes longer" is not my kind of hard mode. Come A-17 I plan to expand on that by using the new vehicles and setting up a multiplayer server. I envision a clan using copters to scout for roaming hoards, bikes to skirmish and loot and at least one jeep to carry the nightly fortifications and other supplies. moving in a nomadic circle, following the respawn cycle around the map.
Lord knows i was born a ramblin man. Allman Brothers. Love it!
Another great series! So when you get the minibike, are you going to be living out of that storage as well or still just the backpack?
Looking forward to this series. Good stuff brother.
what happened to scum
So Glock just a suggestion for you... for a survival scenario where you don’t stay in one area and never build or store I would advise you to just go with full survivor and smelt everything you can into useable stuff... Iron into forged iron, led into bullet tips, brass into casings etc.
Me and my friend have done this challenge with not staying in the same spot. We also add the rule that we can not build or place any blocks unless we found frames inside of crates. We do use storage if the building has it.
woulda been better if you could use the trader.. you know, sell him those weapon parts, and buy food cans, water, in retrurn
Whenever you try a new modpack you should try Ravenhearst Insane cause me and my friend are playing that right now we are at day 4 or 5 it's Scary cause there are Scary New Zombies/Monsters
Looking forward to this season
I think 50% loot and not being able to use the trader is a bit much, doesn 't make sense to me except to make things harder for some reason. Love the series though! No hobos ever shopped when they had money?
Best of luck mate hope you do well this should be a good challenge you
After the first 30 seconds I was excited because you put the loot abundance on 50% and I’ve never watched someone do that
This reminds me a little of The Road Challenge in which you can only use things harvested on, next to, or reachable by a road. In addition you have to sleep on or next to one as well..
Love this idea! crazy hard :)
If you went down the well at the trader you'd get some good stuff
Got an idea from this I am going to try. Calling it Stumped, Trashy Vegetarian. Only veggies allowed for food. Can't only take what is found in trash or stumps. Can search other places, but not take unless in trash or a stump. What it comes down to is if someone might possibly own that item, then it can't be taken. Cars are off limits which will make it nearly impossible to get a Minibike. Going to be hard to refuel it as well. Nests are fine to scavenge, but not those inside a dwelling or shed. I don't expect to live more than a day or so because of the veggie rule, but what the heck?
always look forward to your series Glock.
good idea man, good first day, alpha 17? never heard of it, lol
This looks great. I'm not a big builder - it bores me. Are you going to put something outside each house to remind you that you have stayed there? After a while those houses start to look alike :)
don't keep brass or lead or plant fiber. your inventory space is too valuable to waste on those.
hey i did a play thru when i ran strait to the wasteland biome and never left...super hard..did it in nav gain so the bio was big..if a17 drags that might be a option for ya
Series like these are WAY more enjoyable than the house flipper series.
Love the idea man. You have some awesome gameplay! Glad to have been here since a few thousand subs!
I think you need a buddy to drag along like needs gaming has Simon . I am willing to be that person I love the game and already have a great name dollar bill blog a baby
no storage??? no staying in the same place?? no forge???? LOL, gl
You are deffinitly one of my favorite 7dtd gamers would like to see you do a modded series
not really big into making no containers but IF your going to use Workbenches and stuff, you should use Found containers, I think loot should have been normal.
I'm glad you're doing this series, I hope it stays around ?? When you first mentioned the idea, I really liked it and started a game, so it will be cool to see how you approach it.
It's a great start to a new series. Can't wait to see more. It's definitely a challenge I would love to try sometime.
Hi Glock, you should check out Patrol Gaming. He started a series very similar to this last week, he's called it The Hobo Series. Its good.
I've been trying to watch this episode comfortably but I've been shopping with the Mrs for the last two hours! Wish me luck guys!
This seems like a great challenge! You can also cancel quests on the quest page. There's a button that looks like an exclamation point with a crossed out circle.
The workbench was destroyed at the trader and that forge might be too. I'd say there's only about a 10% chance any crafting station you find in the world is functional in A16.
Does insane difficulty up your chances of finding better gear? Finding a iLvl 300+ club, a mining helmet and night vision in a single area, I would assume yes? lol.
That's going to be quite a challenge, going to enjoy watching that... Are you using any mods, or is it vanilla?  Do zeds not smell meat in your inventory anymore, or did they remove that mechanic from the game?
Will he be able to use a minibike basker?
Dude you're crazy with all your rules hahaha. Cool idea though man
This new series means no aloha 18 this year!
ZOMBIES ALWAYS RUN! This is too easy. But still, I love ya vids.
Excellent first day! This is going to be fun!
My week is made knowing that you started another 7 days campaign so quick! I was worried there would be a lull in time before seeing a other video Just another reason why I love your channel ?
Putting brass and lead in desk seems to break storage rule
You put a lot of restrictions on yourself. Wear the NVGs to free up an inventory slot! I also think that you may be making it too hard on yourself with the no trader rule, but it's your game.
I just watched it and I was wondering where the next episode was, then realized you just uploaded this one today. I am dumb
Here's another challenge for you: Put yourself in the top left corner of the map, so extreme North West, as far as you can go. So basically use "teleport -1950 1950". And then "settime 1 4 0" to begin at dawn on the first day. Then start heading South East. When you get to the extreme South East corner of the map, mark your time, in game days, hours, and minutes. Then your fans can try to beat that time with the same seed and identical conditions. The rules are: you can take any route you want. Take shelter as needed. Scavenge and craft as you go. But if you die, you're out. It's approximately 5 1/2 kilometres from corner to corner. The guy who gets to 1950 -1950 the fastest, wins. Edit: I just tested this challenge out with the seed "CornerToCorner". I made it by 8 pm on day 2.
Why not just smelt the brass and things in the forge now?
im at school!
That is an amazing challenge looking forward for the next episodes
Is Ramblin Man a reference to the Allman Brothers?
You need a trader, so does this mean you cant use your storage on your mini bike ether? No storage sounds kinda lame and unfun in my books.
Love the new series
You can wear the NV goggles with your mining hat Glock. It counts as a pair of Glasses, not a helmet or hat <3 Lovin the series and happy to see you open with a new one cx Cant wait to see what you get into!
Hey 50% loot and u get this OH Vraccas
Nomad type of game eh? I'm not sure about the no trader thing. Barter has always been a part of humanity.maybe just no secret stash and no putting points in barter ?
Love the concept! Hardcore survival...nice!
Wear the night-vision ... saves you space.
Liked this before I even watched it..This dude knows the game inside out..Greatest game ever for me..Keep them coming sir..
i did the same but also some more things i did and you should also add: 1: you are not allowed to use shotguns. 2 ak-47 and silenced cannot be used with more than 50 bullets (except from the magazine loaded) per day, and 3: you must craft at least one gun before the first bloodmoon or you break your leg-by doing this you learn how to advance quickly. if you agree with any of these please add them. the 3rd one is the most difficult.
What about mini bike basket? Id say its fair game to use but thats just me.
Great first day!
It's truely a challenge, though i think you should allow yourself chests. Not like a central depot, since you will be moving all the time. But if you search a bunch of houses, you would drop all the stuff at one place and decide in the end what to take away. With 30 days until respawn i wouldn't count these as a depot. Or, regarding the forge, why not leave the melted stuff in it or closeby? Real hardcore otherwise would be like - you are not allowed to use the forge at the same place twice, meaning you have to disassemble it and take it with you. In the end it's your rules, and you always make it an adventure to watch you. And since you promised to play this way already, don't change it, but maybe be a little nicer to yourself next time.
I love this series already
Your gonna die lol
Just a thought, doesn't that type of trader post have 2 munitions boxes? Should be a room above the main gate with one, and one in a watch tower in the back corner.
7 Days to Die: Nomad's Land
Glock, I'm curious if you take a peek at the random gen worlds you use in your series, not so much memorizing or trying to map it out, just a quick overview to make sure it isn't full of water?
Sooooo, Alpha17? Do you know anything? I recall you mentioning something about September...
I think you should put most of your skills into scavenging, will be more useful than crafting on the go.
I don't agree with your take on not trading - if anything that is more what a ramblin man would do! Very fun new series idea though, I'm going to start one up myself! Cheers!
Great video bud! The difficulty settings change the amount of hp the zombies have. Can't wait for the update
Why are you using POI? Current or prior Military or just something you picked up from games? Just a rarely heard acronym outside military circles.
Always get a boneshiv from your first zombie!
Awesome new show man, keep it up!
Don't forget to put on your NVG.. you have no other glasses on and they'r takin up a spot in inventory.
I'd call that a good first day. I like this form of challenge. Not staying at the same POI more than once will definitely make it harder.
Holy hell! Tough, tough rules here man
Can we have longer videos please Glock?. 45 mins like GameEdged does always seems more enjoyable
Yeah, hardcore baby. I was hoping you'd do this hardcore version of nomad style. Looking forward to this series.
Any stipulations on the mini bike when you get 1? Like no basket for storage etc
Awesome to see a new series! Any chance of another Scum video? Looks like an interesting game but is there a storyline or objective besides survive? (Singleplayer wise that is)
This looks really cool I think you should utilize the traders though, almost a caravan type trader. I think it would help keep the series viable.
This is an amazing idea for a series, well done.
Another 7days restart, this shit aint gonna keep your channel alive. its time to move on.
hmmmm, this rambling man series doesn't appeal to me, but wish you the best in it, glock9.
Hi Glock, this look awesome, question tho, why don't you put on the night vision and open up a spot and i agree with some one else said you should be able to use the trader because nomads and such would use trader/store ETC for supplies and such, keep em coming and of course Tigress Hugiess!!!
Glock has become my zombie guy on YouTube
Awesomeness! Thanks for keeping us entertained as we wait for A17.
Why don't you just make a series Play it until a17 make it always run no airdrops make it like a real scenario if the world came to an end you wouldn't have any airdrops you only can use the stuff you find and make
Putting the brass and lead in the desk would be utilizing storage and breaking your own rules
Remember to search tree trunks for honey
My friend, you should use the stone shovel on stones in the beginning to bring your mining tools up, the stone axe only affects your construction tools. Common mistake.
Good episode. This will be a good series. Although, I do think you should rethink the trader thing because if you think about it, rl world backpackers will use stores for things such as food and stuff. Also, the trader might be your saving grace...just a thought.
Will we celebrate your 80th birthday around the time Alpha 17 launches?
You may have checked this but are you sure that the forge is not a destroyed forge? Also, did you notice that the workbench at the trader was a destroyed workbench?
If it's on insane why are they walking I thought they run all the time? Correct me if I'm wrong.
You should try out the starvation mod to ramp up the difficulty. I think you'll love it. Got eaten by an alligator on my last run while fleeing from a feral, busting my legs in the process.
Ah ,earliest i've ever been woohoo on plenty of series before A17 Glock :D
Like this comment if you think glock should live stream these before he uploads
Will you at least get to use the basket on your mini bike when you get one? i vote yes as it travels with you.
Hello glock you are the best YouTuber good luck
I love your videos
You forgot to turn on airdrops you always say to turn them on but you always forget to turn them on
Glock m8...how many new series will you make...?
New series
Whee..... A new series.... Please don't make it Perma-Death..
Yay new series!
hi
Im new to this game do tutorial plz
is it youtube or when you start riding the bike you kinda start to lag
Nice super. Well done bro all very cool shot!
una pregunta  ya salio la alpha 17  alguien sabe cuando saldra 
do you ever play valmod its amazing basically alpha 17 lol so many more recipes... lock picks you can craft for gun safes.. more guns.. red bull to drink and run 100-mph ...just sooo much more than vanilla the list goes on and on.. more zombies... bigger backpack...legendary itemsgunstools
if they improve the graphics i would come back but there just to dated for me
can i enjoy the game without any people is this online i donyt have anybody to play with tho but i like games like dayz
I’m actually disappointed that you’ve never seen that trader, he is the first, the official,the original Trader Joel the owner of the business
What the balls man
The half-life within which uranium-238 falls to lead-206 is 4.46 billion years. After 4.5 billion years (the alleged age of the Earth), there would have to be at least the same amount of lead as uranium on the surface. Of course, there are elements that have even longer half-life. Since the common man can imagine these unimaginably long periods poorly, the current leadership of physics is considering introducing a new SI time unit. Here, the scale of the elapsed time no longer counts the years, but the time the Funpimps need to get from one Alphastate to the next. The so somewhat awkwardly abbreviated unit with the name 7D2D-A2A describes thus much understandable half-lifes of e.g. thorium for which were previously accepted 14.05 billion years, now simply with 1.33742 7D2D-A2A.
Love the channel. Does anyone know how to reduce the minimum value for player Heath under 70 in the xml files I'm trying to make a mod but I'm stuck in this and can't find it anywhere. Thanks for the help
can you break all those washer down for electric and mechanical parts
Awesome video!
At 1730 there is a well bunker house off to the right good loot
wooo you finally drove by the town I set up my main base in...btw the trader is the snow biome...there's another very close to the west same biome
That trader is even on Navezgane, not far from where I usually make my first base. Not super common in RWG, but they do pop up.
Sell Machety knifes !
Ah good thing you teamed up with Baryshnikov the augerologist!
Kickz i dont believe That the blue building with the double roof is a thing in vanilla...
Kickz why why WHY do you loot with full inventory when your bike inventory was empty It just hurts my soul!
It's trader Joe. House
If your wellness under 100 which it was eating a meat stew will give its max wellness (+5) taking u to 103 ) and trader was selling 1.
That's one of the great things with this game - even with all the hours you've put in, you can still find new POIs that you haven't seen like that trader (and yeah, the one with the towers and the secret underground bit that you were thinking of is the one that spawns in the snow biome). Sadly the blue house you were hoping to find (yeah, we know what you're looking for ;) ) is from compoPack (and you're right - running animals over with the bike is a mod only thing as well - it got removed from vanilla when they went from A15 to A16 - one easy way to tell (because it's part of a small pack of bike fixes that several mods use) is if you can open your map (or inventory) while you are on the bike, then you should also be able to run over animals (and zombies)).
My NightsDays are max length and i have set to have 32 zombies and medium-low dificulty D A fun game, when i finish the base will change to medium hard.
I never sell SMG S
traders at 577, 567 and just to the north east, 430, 1018
lol this is the town i started at
Your're really dependent on that auger. I make subways with whatever tools i need if i have cement mixers. I have stone for days and night travel is easier. Sure, it is a buttload of grind, but the stone is worth it. That laundry mat looks like a good place for an early horde base.
Who else rewind the video to see kicks reaction when he found auger in the secret stash
Another trader at 1024n 1142w
If the trader has a bookcase behind him you can actually loot it.
Mr Kickz this is the tunnel I was talking about httpswww.youtube.comwatchv=BX-3oaopGic&t=6s
I do not know about pc, but on console you can run over zombies and animals with the minibike and kill them. It could also depend on the version being played, maybe I have a video of the 1st base that me and my roommate built, on my channel. It is from a few years ago, when I 1st got into the game. Never finished it, but it worked for every horde night we did until we started a new game
Good video
kickz has never been to that trader that i know of, i've watched all his episodes since alpha 15.2 starvation mod. also finally on the auger and that blue house is not in vanilla.
I play on console so not sure if all things are the same. But I search the empty tree stumps and get guns, gun parts, food and clothing. And that desert with the high hills could be good for oil shale. Dig ground level into the side of it. I've found shale at all different depths, but seem to find most at -33 and deeper. I'm always mining for it. And that trader is my favorite. Such a nice guy. Lol. If I get lots of gun parts on a loot run, I assemble them just to clear room in inventory, then disassemble at trader. I run over any animal and zombies when they aren't looking. Takes a lil away from bike strength
Kickz the blue house your looking for isn't a vanilla spawn, its modded
You should tear down the tents to get cloth it's annoying to sell but they take up to 1500 cloth at atleast 3 dollars a piece and selling em 1 by 1 raises barter quick
Im playing on same seed and The City you have found today is were i started There is police station next to big crack book
Funny story about those oil refineries A few months ago myself and 2 friends were looting one of those buildings. We'd just gotten bikes and stumbled across it and decided to grab as much fuel as possible while we could. As per we swept the building clearing it of zeds before we got to looting it. Just as we got back downstairs, to the room where u got all the barrels from, we hear a lot of banging on the door that construction guy came in. I got this, don't worry. says one of my friends. She heads to the door we turn to grab the barrels. Next thing we know she's shouting her head off and I see her run straight past me closely followed by 6 feral wights (Benny Hill style). The 7th one clocked me and before I could react, due to laughing so hard, took a running swing at me. Fortunately he missed me, unfortunately he did hit the barrel I was stood in front of about to collect when this fracas started, which subsequently exploded, which in turn caused the barrels surrounding it to also explode killing all 3 of us and the server. A quick restart later (sarcasm it took nearly an hour lol) and we load back in on our beds as expected. Being just down the road (10 mins on bike) we decided to grab our back up gear and head back to retrieve everything we'd lost. Upon our arrival we were greeted by the spectacle of witnessing the explosion again, from outside this time, 4 more times as after each explosion the part of the building that got blown out, repaired itself and a couple of seconds later would explode again. We still haven't retrieved our bags.
If you aren’t using Compo pack you won’t have that blue building
There's no blue house in vanilla. Oil shale machine was a thing in Starvation.
I don't know if anyone has noticed but the dihong tower said slow sounds like dies young.
A while back you could run over game entities. I remember you doing it a few times, but it was some time ago.
Kickz, I've been commenting for about a year, for you to go loot the Oil Refineries!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
you should look for a trader just south of the dessert town ;)
Oh hey, that's the trader where I got an Auger on Day3 D
Gesundheit
Also, be sure to check the bookcase behind where the trader is standing. Sometimes it has schematics in it, and there’s a bunker in a well in one of the houses near the academy, in town.
I bet your took smithing is pretty high, you can make a new auger blade! Great video!
That’s my city and my trader! He’s actually the nicest trader I’ve ever been to. D
The only thing from laundry is when you just need a lot of parts you can rip down all the machines.
I think the point of the laundromat is to level up your scavenging skill quickly looting all the machines
kickz you have auger but do you know how to repair it and all  if you don't, auger only good until it breaks
probably this serie will get 200 episodes before alpha 17 releases
I think the blue house is only in War of the Walkers Kickz
The crates you hate is the random shipping crates, and just the name give it away, so it would be that they need to remove,
Kickz the blue house with the ammo crates is not in vanilla!
Do you guys feel like Alpha 17 is never coming
We have them in consol version
You never seen that Trader! I've found them on my console games which means they've been around since A15 haha
In my opinion you should paint the second row grey bricks like the first row.
i hear from some one that A17 is comming next year , i hope not but if it is then we have to wait a little bit more
You could make a “waffle and grind” series and I would still watch it. ??
When alpha 17 comes out you could build a base like the trader and try surviving i did it on my xbox one it is very challenging by best base i every had i got to day 150 before my console crashed
4 years later and the game looks exactly the same.
Just keep coming back to this
0:06 wuts the song name? I remember hearing that song a long time ago
“I’m about to thirst to death” (Gavin Free)
you just have it in your inventory and hit cook and it comes out in output it's easy once you get used to it
Jesus fuck when one of you guys said o there's a horde coming I shit you not I look out the window of the place i'm looting and I see a horde passing by. lol wtf
Ryan and jack, you never know who is talking because they sound EXACTLY THE SAME
Crazy how the old version of 7 Days is much better than the new version.
16:35 lol all them beating on that zombie reminds me of this https://youtu.be/W4tVH7BPb-Q?t=78
This game have come a long way, I remember that radar.
The progress this game has made is awesome unlike some other zombie survival game (cough cough) dayz standalone
nice to see you keep it up to date, thank you very much
This game looked bad 3 yrs ago
Who else is re-watching this series in 2017?
two full guns in s safe; the good ol days till those retard developers decided to ruin it with updates
Not bad its entertaining but I have never been a fan of time cuts in LP vids because it leaves out stuff like where you guys found a sledgehammer and stuff and what led to the hole thing starting. Also maybe an indicator that shows who is talking?
This game changed a lot OMG!
God i miss this version of 7 days god i would pay 100's to get it
i'm so glad they came back to this
Just watched the other videos of 7D2D, and now how is Geoff the first one with an axe?
amazing that they are still making videos with this game 3 years later. Also the game has come a long way in 3 years.
This game looks different now. Much better.
its amazing how far this game has gone, it's so much better now, not that it was bad during this build
That potted plant shoulda been a shirt 'I take him everywhere with me'
Had to come back an watch some old 7 days to die. Love watching them play this. Can't get enough! Almost 2 million views? Nice!
9:45 GameSocietyPimps
Just realized the house they're in at 32 mins looks almost exactly like the one they use in their latest Let's Play.
Watching this again i realized Geoff was much better before in this game than he is now!
This game looks way better now in 2016.
Watching this after recently finishing 7 Days of 7 days to Die and it's really amazing how far this game has come. I've been playing this game off and on for a while now and I'd forgotten just how broken this game was in it's earlier stages. The progression is just so much better now, AH did a good thing waiting to give this game a serious playthrough.
now this is og ah
This game looks so different now!
i remember 2 years ago, seeing that barbed club reminded me of negan. now that thought is even more relevant.
the health/etc bars here are way better than in the update. Wish these developers would leave well enough alone
That game was Nice back in the days
getting hyped for 7 days of 7 days to die
So 11 episodes 9 hours of video BINGE IT!!!!
"I'm gonna dehydration to death" Gavin 2014
2014 "This game is in Alpha still." 2016 This game is in Alpha still.
I like how they went back to this vid to change the title so ppl don't get confused
Wow, I've been playing this on Xbox One and the game is very different now.
Sees barbed club... cries hysterically
spider goats now rabbit dolphins they need to stop messing with nature
Still a more complete game than no mans sky.
wow this games changed so much since it came out on console.
quick survival tip for you end of days survivors dont fuking eat rabbit without a fat
Man I forgot how different it was...
better than the updated version with the stupid fucking schematics, as if this game wasn't hard enough
Definitely one of their best series
22:32 Go Gavin! Dig down to China and get help!
shovel your ass
The characters look like Ted Danson
did they change the title of this video?
They were a lot quieter back then
it's disappointing looking at how smart the zombies are here and how dumb and boring they are in console
how come the pc looks different?
Who's this Roy guy? /s
"breaking rocks in the hot sun, I FOUGHT the LAW, and THE LAW WON."
Game looks so much better on PC.
Jesus this let's play came out two years ago...
After more than two years of development, I think they've actually managed to make this game worse. Still a ton of fun to watch, but having owned it for a while now, it's not really that fun to play...
did they add pc to the title?
I decided to try the 3 way bacon burger from Hardee's... The experience was very underwhelming, not worth the money
Oh they changed the names of the videos. it now says "for PC."
I liked when Gavin started digging, Jack made a joke about Hogan's Heroes.
After watching the new one it makes me want ray back to the crew :(
9:45 - 9:57 does that house and barn look very similarly to where Geoff and Jeremy were in the new video
Saw these a while ago then just saw the new one and now watching these cause they are better
I watch these first then the new one then came back
They changed the title
Years later... still in alpha
They all sounded much different two years ago.
God i miss you Roy..
22:36 Ryan with the Hogan's Heroes reference that probably no one in the office got, and maybe only 1% of the audience will get. And I thought I couldn't like Ryan more. I was wrong
Damn, it's been over two years since this video came out :/
wait....wheres lil j?
I just noticed that whoever edited this did a bad job. It could just be that some of AH didn't do a good sync but the editors should have noticed and fixed that.
I fell asleep with this in the background and I wake up to an rt podcast commercial???? anyone else have this?
Intro music?
Who else is watching this after seeing the new one
Nostalgia brought me back.
Just watched their recent upload playing this on the console and instantly came back to watch this video again lol
WOW, two years ago???
sucks Michael missed out on this amazing lets play series
no offense but your tareble at this game
i would probably play this game but it is so ugly i just cant bring myself to buy it
i miss ray
so half way through the video i thought it was the xbox version and that ray was just a special guest, now ive realised what it really is...
You gise can play it on Xbox one!
they need to do a new lets play in this game
26:54 Ryan's Daryl DIXON
25:17 Jack's Negan from the walking dead
i miss ray :c
Can we come back to this please? Like, now that this is on xbox, id love if you guys played it every once and a while!
"She's showing me her growler" ~Gavin Free
this game looks super cheap
anyone else notice the bong at 27:32?
bast game
gavin: "can someone shoot me in the head?" geoff: "where are you gavin?" no hesitation lol. then he asked jack if he was ready to die with his gun pointed
It is refreshing to see and hear everybody being calm, speaking softly, and getting along lovely-like. Shame they probably can't achieve this sort of thing nowadays :/
Do an Xbox lets play featuring Ray
pee band-aid lol
What happened to Ray
While I was watching, I wondered when a console version would come out. I looked it up, and it came out yesterday. What were the chances?
this is my favorite let's play series they've done. I'd love them to come back to it now that the game is on consoles
Watching this in preparation for the console letsplay!
Watching this in preparation for the console letsplay!
Michael needs to be here to tell jack to shut the fuck up
this like the walking dead and ARK
More blueberry pie
i know i'm gonna get hate from this but.... i don't miss Ray. Never really liked him....
I need to know if I should buy this game or not, and I would be buying it on console because my friends don't have PCs
I need to know if I should buy this game or not, and I would be buying it on console because my friends don't have PCs
I just realized after watching this 4 times that namworb is Brownman backwards.
Play this again please and more gmod!!! Love your vids so much!
It'd be great if the Achievement Hunters came back to this game when it comes out on consoles at the end of this month, these lets plays were fun!
So Ryan's Daryl Jack's Negan and Gavin is... Sledgehammer Man?
I miss team lads
man i want them to make this a series when it comes out on console
This series and Prop Hunt are probably my favorite Lets Plays
17:59 oohh eww why Growler? is it angry?
ok so honest question: is this game worth getting or is it another the forrest/minecraft clone ?
What if... They treated it like the walking dead, where they have a big cast, and once someone dies, they're out of the seven days to die lets play series
They really should carry on playing this. It's improved, and I think it'd be a good minecraft replacer for a bit. Honestly so sick of minecraft
jack is negan confirmed
Who else is excited for this game to release on console?
Is this on ps4 as well?
Loved this video. Pleas make another video:)
They announced it on Xbox yay they should start it again on there
"How do I put crossbow in bolt?"
GHOST RAY!!!
This video is nearly 2 years old, feels just like yesterday
Hello from March, 2016
Im so glad Ray hadn't left before this!
Play more 7 days to die, please.
I finally got this running well, I spawned in a charred area and got hit by a burning zombie
Geoff with that blackjack
this game is so much better now, they should play it again now.
i miss ray playing with the rooster teeth group
Wobbly Scraglification?
Should really consider playing this again, it's been improved significantly since this.
hardcore ray. taking out zombies with his fist.
35:13
??????
Love 7 Days to Die
These guys have such generic names haha. I love it.
Nice Video , i like it.
I could've done that with two less redstone
were is Michael?
I wish they would continue this gameplay.
At 3:55 I swear they lowkey missed a supply box
They should totally play more of this game. Minecraft is getting seriously boring. The only thing that is worth watching is GTA 5.
I'm gonna dehydration to death.
46:19 "how do we know he's not infected" -gavin free ;)
more
Forever laughing because ray went "Oh... That's a bandaid... Pee bandaid."
lol thirst to death
You guys can say Jack isnt funny in this video or many others but i dont care he seems funny to me, he kinda reminds me of me when first start playing with someone on another persons server.
I laughed so hard at 10:09 for some reason xD
Hey Gavin, "it puts the lotion in the basket"
Sounds like Seth Rogan
Please more
This was my favorite series
ryan the weapon guy
is it me or do they all look like Marshall from How I Met Your Mother (In The Game)
Really do hope this becomes a recurring series like on a thursday or sunday
Jack is using Lucille, Negan will not be happy
"I've dug a hole, now I'm stood in the hole. I found a shovel and I dug it." Gavin Free...what a minge.
does any one know how they were all able to play in a private game? trying to have my buddy join my world and dont know how
This game sounds kinda fun ya sure it's gameboy
Is Ray Black?
PLease sync
Re-watching old videos... RAY'S BACK, oh wait...
ONE YEAR ANNIVERSARY!
Ryan: "It's a lumberjack zombie, look, he's * lumbering * BOMP" Everyone else: * Groans * 5:13
THATS WHAT U GET FOR HURTING A DAWG JACK!!!!!!
Why is Gavin so dume
Why is Gavin so fume
Sorry but I found it hard to sit and watch this "exploration" by newbes. Everyone doing their own thing and everyone's so uncoordinated. People searching stuff others have searched, one person getting killed by a zombie while everyone else does their own thing. And when serveral of you guys attack a zombie, I saw some really lame attacks. Come on, it's only one lame ass slow zombie! WTF??
are you guys using TEAMSPEAK? you sound so clear where as we have echos and delay
How is it that Gavin seems to make smart decisions (making a sledgehammer and annihilating zombies) and still looking like an idiot (Letting his food, water, stamina AND health literally go to shit?)
Couldn't you drink from water with your fists back then?
What gaming system are you using?
It is confirmed, zombies love nobs
The beginning of the derpiest adventure ever.
Can someone help me I'm trying to find the lets play series they did where Gavin collapsed the roof is that this one?
Oh Ray....
Who else is in the 1,337,000+ club?
Bought this game a week ago... Found a guy Killed him Took over his house 10/10 would rek again
I don't get why people loved these lets plays so much
I love that jack is like a little kid with a parent during the whole beginning of the video, and anytime he lost ryan he stopped and started freaking out XD
"Ugh, she's showin' me 'er growler" - I lost my shit.
More
This reminds me of unturned
Ray "Theres 4 zombies, we're probably gonna die instantly." Just wait until its night
I hope they put out more Seven Days to Die videos. And I feel like that house at scenic overlook would've been more secure- made of stone, an upstairs, and a ladder to the roof for sniping.
Best moments are when they all go into some impromptu singing stuff.
Hhhhhhiiiiiiiiiiiiii
anyone else think they need to bring back this series??
Who else thinks the way the animals run is funny
Soooo... Are they going to finish all seven days?
*me screaming at my computer because Ray had a cooking pot the whole time they needed food*
Of course. A zombie dog just had to be a Doberman. Haha.
MARK NUUUUUT
Please do more of these would be better since the updates
please give me link download 7 days to die craced :)
"I'm gonna wack it in the ass with a sledge hammer!" Funniest moment haha
Im hear son
May name is gavin
38:00 "THERS A HORD!" most people are like "OH NO!" I'm like "the mini map makes the hord look like a penis" LOL
You guys should continue this and make its own play list c: you guys are great
Aw, no Michael. Not amused :(
god i miss this
If you try hard enough, you can get this feeling that Jack and Ryan are the same person just talking to themselves sometimes
Check out my lets play video
For all you guys who like the relaxing Let's Plays - have any of you ever listened to any of the great ASMR videos on YouTube?
Why is everyone saying this game is shit? Yeah the graphics aren't amazing, because it is in alpha.  This isn't a massive AAA title like Grand theft auto or Battlefield.  They don't have millions of dollars to spend on graphics and an engine. The game plans to have a massive graphical overhaul in the near future. Graphics play a very small part in a game. There is Enjoyment, how much fun you have playing the game on your own or with friends, story, content, how many players is fairly important if you want to play multiplayer. The more people who buy the game the more money the devs can afford to splurge on graphics. Think about it. Remember when the first COD came out? Or the first battlefield? Where the graphics amazing? No but people still played them. Then companies started making big money and improved the games.
I PICKED UP A CHAIR
This was such a great series.
So cool love this vid!
Another video?
i wish they'd play more games like this, or dont starve together. I am so over minecraft and getting sick of GTA crap
"There's a horde coming" "What do you mean" "I mean there's a horde coming" Hahaha??
MOAR!!!
Been playing this, it's changed so much since this episode.
SILLY MEN FUNNY MEN!
ok i have a question when i play this game and log out and come back in i loss all my stuff can someone tell me why thanks
The flag block thing lets have stronger blocks in the area but only for other non alliy players and no zobeies spawn in the area as well.
2:38 That is the most ridiculous thing I've ever seen and I fucking love it
So ugly game!
I started cracking up when they finally decided to do something about the rotting corpse in the corner of the room.  It's kind of like the post-apocalyptic proverbial "elephant in the room".
In this game, can you create a world to play ONLY with my friends? also by creating world pc/internet has to handle with the players that join the server?
friggen 10,000 BC going on here smashing away at boulders
what settings do they have
Ray has Jarate (its a tf2 reference)
You guys should definitely bring this back. These 4 7days to die lets plays are the best!!
One time I was playing this game and night was approaching while  I was on this farm. Going into the house I saw I had to options; hide in the basement or the attic, remembering the the basement is where that asshole died in night of the living dead while the attic is where the black guy survived I went up there. Come morning I come down from the attic and find the the zombies had completely destroyed the first floor, like there was no floor just the basement.
Solid episode
This vid was purial shite. Thanks.
is it just me but the audio and video is off a bit
As soon as he got that Sledgehammer, Gavin went from group burden to MVP
The only thing I didn't like in this game was that jars disappeared after drinking water.
tish game sucks ryan and so do you. but youre cute says ryan lol telepathic agents on fired job looking for this lol i dunno
MORE!
lol i love rays lack of hope....Gavin: ray hows the lake? Ray: uh full of zombie we'll prolly die instantly.  lol he has a diminshing ray....of hope in the apocalyptic world.
Makin' my way downtown, walkin' fast, Zombies passin'; they're assholes.... >__> I have a love/hate relationship with this game.
gavin the rock punching guy
Add me on skype my 7 days to die wont load please  help me! Skype-Littlehhhtheminecrafter Thanks for helping!
Like Minecraft with guns  10/10  IGN
NARUTO NINJA STORM 3    STEAM ACCOUNT FOR SALE!!!      plus other awesome games  http://www.ebay.com/itm/Black-ops-2-DAYZ-Naruto-Ninja-storm-3-Left-4-Dead-2-PC-GAMES-Steam-Account-/181597386630?pt=Video_Games_Games&hash=item2a480c3786
Gavin is my favorite
i demand part 5!
OMG I just realised Geoff if Griff from RVB. That's why his voice sounded so familiar XD
For some reason, i cant watch any of their videos. All other youtubers work but not theirs. I wonder why
Why the switch every 5 seconds?
The way Geoff says "I made a torch" is literally so adorable.
I have read some comments here that seem to indicate a common thread between this game and the game Rust. For those of you not familiar with Rust, be warned, between the server wipes, absent admins, and RAMPANT cheater / hackers, you will never be able to actually accumulate progress w/o cheating. To be honest, despite all of it's differences, this game doesn't seem much better.
I agree, the sound effects are awesome XD
Is this game coming out for the PlayStation 4 in the future?
I don't get it... if you see that you are in a house with a shit load of zombies why would you go up stairs?
Who's who?
Minecraft rip off
a girl zombie tried to bitch slap ray
PLEASE answer! I just want to know, no matter what you set the 'Enemy Spawning' level to, zombies will ALWAYS spawn? I just want to make sure this isn't one of those games that has a limited number of enemies, i.e. fun.
http://www.reddit.com/r/7daystodie/comments/2kmbpx/usnew_survival_server_1028_zombies_n_more_us_pvp/ Server Ip = 50.159.228.235 Server Port = 25000
Show me yer growler! ( ?°?????° )
How do you stop the bad 7dtd lag?
Zombies in this game are VERY op ... being able to punch through steel and reinforced concrete . Edit: There is a structure in the desert that is a "gold mine" for scrap. In general normal hoses are very bad places to camp.
you guys really should keep these going their really funy
Awesome
beavis and butt-head
Love Ryan's laugh
I bet the finished product of this game will be as good or even better than minecraft! Maybe not in sales but just an all around better game to play and have fun! It should definitely come to consoles.
36:50 Gavin always wanting to build watch towers on roofs
If you get the game on steam, you can take off zombies because I have it
can you play this as a single player all by oneself kind of game?
bring this back?
please
i imagine it would be hell to play a d&d campaign with them.
how big is the map?
1:02 animal jumping
Gavin: if anyone needs a hole, I'm your guy Ray: you're the hole guy FANFICTIONS AGGRESSIVELY BEING WRITTEN
This would be a lot easier to follow if it didn't have 4 people talking at the same time.
I love how everyone has picked up one another's speech quirks...everyone describes things with British words once in a while or uses Gavin's swears, and around 10:40 or so Gavin uses Ray's usual 'Aha!' I just like to see that after knowing each other for so long they just start to pick up one another's habits.
I can't stand these idiots.
Rust is better
I'd like to see a part 5. The 9.1 update added randomly generated worlds. Just make the B team (kerry,kdin,lindsey,matt,jeremy) get your characters together first.
I know the fanboys will bitch but i dont see a reason to pay for a game like this  it looks ridicules ill stick with the last of us rather then this or day z because its better in  quality make etc ill take better games on console over a lot of games on steam but if you are lucky you can buy som games on al system for less if you catch the sale
dying from a little dog, lame
I have my own single player thing and it's as difficult as it could get and I have survived about 100 days in total over this entire summer
I'm going to buy this game in a few minutes, it would be cool to have some people to play with. Add me on Steam and send me a message to join :)
It's like Minecraft if it was a zombie game and didn't look like shit!
48:01 LOOK OUT THE FUCKING DOOR OMG STFU WTF IS THAT
If anyone needs help getting started or crafting items, Check my Channel! Lots of Tutorials!
great idea for a game, but the graphics are utter shit.
if you already made something you can click on the name and it will atomically make it and it takes less time. just a heads up.
38:00 look at the mini-map. It's a scrotus
Can people watch my 7 days to die videos, there awsome
Can people watch my 7 days to die videos, there awsome
@pro4skill Why the fuck would you want to bang a zombie
Ray "Like Edgar" Ryan "Who?" WTF
Giving away 7 days to die this Saturday 23/8 and more games every weekend up for grabs check out the video on my channel to see how to get that sweet winnery ;)
3:46 LOL
I jsut got this game and my hud looks nothing like this.  Also you can't find where you are on the map.
LMFAO XD I SHOT IT IN THE TUCASE 25:58
hi
Ya... I wish my let's play of this game was this good...
Was this game created by the same people that created the forest ?
+pro4skill the fuck!
I wish there was a game like this but with strangef stuff. Like every tuesday a lady will attack anyone who isn't in a building or something.
The Field of View in this game is too small...90 fov would be nice
This game looks like shit, It'd be funner if they buffed up the graphics.
Xbox?
"Ray, how's the lake?" "Eh full of zombies. We'll probably die instantly". I don't know why but I found it really funny how nonchalantly he replied xD
i really hope this become a weekly series i love these lets plays
Gavin came in like a wreaking ball
If you add each other to your friends lists the others show up on the map
"Hey, guys, does someone want to shoot me in the head an see what happens?"
this lets play has inspired me to play this game not sure if this is good or bad will update as this develops
in the begining when the guy opened the door and all the zombies came. Fuck Me. XD
they finally fixed mine craft so the graphics aren't just blocks
if you play the video at half speed it sounds like they are all stoned
the hispanic had to find the hub caps
7 Days to die or Gmod?
They should play unturned
Its nice to watch actual realible friends. How help each other. Nice vids guys.
After part 4 gavin IS definitely the hole guy
How did gavin get out the hole ? lol
This game is heaps underrated.
jack at 1:21 I found way funnier than I should have
@TodNicholson something like Survivors 3.0 I don't think it ever got updated much, but you may be able to find itm
Wow an hour for the next part and only 20 minutes left of my shift
I just recently started watching these so idk but Jack and Ryan sound EXACTLY the same to me
wow this zombie has huge tits... i feel bad doing this. - ray
No Michael equals good times, he's so annoying.
They really need to update the terrain. flat...hill...flat...hill. lake...flat.. hill. wheres the mountains?
this is what i wanted minecraft lps to be sometimes. me gusta :3
7 days or DayZ?
I love Ray's Get Him To The Greek reference in minute 42.
I love how you hold bullets like magneto
How do people play this for long enough for a let's play series? It randomly crashes on me all the time and I lose much of my progress. It's pathetic.
So at the very end... I just noticed Micheal wasn't in this lets play.
YES A HOGANS HEROES REFERANCE!!!
1. This needs to be on consoles 2. This needs to be a weekly thing.
Get so annoyed with people saying voxel based games are rip off of Minecraft.. This is clearly not ripping of Minecraft and its not trying to. Not to mention Minecraft basically just rips off Castle Miner, Dwarf Fortress and more. Just because something is popular and you like doesn't mean something you don't like is ripping it off.
hey gav she had a knob in her growler
Funny thing, that house they set up shop in, is the same house my gf and I used for our initial BoO
wish i had this...
Why did they think a cabin next to a lake would be a safe idea? Rule 1 of a zombie apocalypse when trying to find a safe location: no cabins in the woods or by a lake.
I cringed every time Ray wasted ammo on that deer.
Okay, I didn't give this lets play a chance, since I'm turned off by alpha stage games, but I decided to give it a second chance, now Im lookin forward to more.
Gavin: I'm going to starve to death and thirst to death. Ryan: you're going to thirst to death?
Does anyone remmeber the lets play that was like slender man, but it had a devil creature as the antagonist, and the achievement hunters were construction workers holding wrenches?? If so please do tell me what the namebof that lets play is
STTTTTYYYYYXXXXX! :D
CHEEEEEEEEESE! XD
site off
I hope they play more of this game!
Why did they skip the night?
just incase anyone wonted to know if u add your friends to ur friends list u can see them on the map if u arnt near it helps when u are trying to find each other
I love let's play's without Micheal's yelling.
Geoff master race
This really reminds me of my first time playing 7 Days To Die; just wandering all of Navezgane, lost, dazed, and utterly confused... good times!
It's so painful watching Jack play... Dx
Gavin is the best
14:47 bookmark
Time to ruin your day: https://imgflip.com/gif/arrty
Omg I got here by http://7daystodie.com/8-8-hotfix-pimp-news-and-alpha-9/ Now you guys have to make a part 4.  You're supported by the creators :)
That low-res corn texture xD lol jk this is better than any game I could make lol
What is this game and what are they doing ?
shout out to hogan's heroes! Also noticed jack thinking about clubbing Ryan near the middle of the video.
What happend to the video where Gavin was playing by himself?
this is the coolest game. glad you guys are playing it.
Make this a new series of let's plays.
ryan is like the roosterteeth version of sips
Is 7 days to die free
YOu can drink from the lake! Use ur hands! D:
12:34 I've watched this 3 or 4 times now on my TV and I still cannot see "them" in the distance
I can't wait for this game to come into beta, there is already so much, and its so fun. It will be great when it's finished.
i was sad when you skipped the first night.
Anyone thinking to buy this game and thinks it is a casual game don't be fooled. I promise you, if you don't find cover at night and a way to defend your self right away. Then this game will fuck you!
I really like this game, there should be mods for this to be without zombies, I'd like it more that way. Like theres a mod of DayZ without zombies, I love that one too.
what program do you use to record 7 days to die because overwolf doesn't work for recording 7 days to die?
The player Models in this game look like Joe Pesci
This was the most boring video yet
Surprised Gavin didn't find any window wiper fluid
Fun let's play but this game seriously looks like shit.
Where is Michael?
Anytime someone says Fatty Boombalatty I lose my shit.
ryan the corn guy
<------ Dont Click me.... Too many awesome secrets may be REVEALED!
i would play this game all the time if there weren't any bees or dogs in it. those things are creeping me out
woohoo
they should play no more room in hell
You can drink straight from the lake... If you have an empty tool bar slot(empty handed) right click on the water and you'll sip some from the lake.
Yay! Hopefully this gets some more publicity for 7D.
In the beginning: "Fucking dog"... Welcome to 7 Days to Die ;)
What a bunch of noobs .
Guys you need to get to the friends tab and add each other so you can see all your friends in the map :)
awesome MOAR please
7 Days to Die > DayZ(Pure Shit) That is all!
Fun to see :)  Reminded me of my play the first couple times I played.  Too fun game.  Alpha 9.0 is going to be so cool from the sound of it.
this game show promise... I would like to see it complete, hit off  then make its way to console since thats were i do all my gaming....hands down it can become just as good if not better than Minecraft ( It takes from what was good in minecraft and adds what should of been in it)
"Let take em' out, I have a rench!"
Naked zombie VAGINA @ 15:34! (right after the search timer disappears) They should add the ability to impregnate female zombies or zombies to impregnate humans to make zombie-human hybrids which are immune to zombie attacks and have only a partial craving for humans.
My respect for Ray went down just a little when he pronounced "nuclear" incorrectly.
Jack has Lucille...
LOOL 6:23  Gavin: Ray, hows the lake? Ray: Uh, full of zombies, we'll probably die instantly. Gavin: Oh....alright.
"You scared the nob out of me" Whoa there bud
this looks way more fun than destiny
Wheres michael he hasn't been in there videos for a bit
I like michael but the commentary is much better without his constant over-reacting, screaming, and swearing
42:24 lol I get the reference, Ray
Rays infected LOL!!!
Is this comming to ps4/xbox one
reminds me of rust
Try playing unturn if u like dayz and minecraft
If The Walking Dead has taught us anything, it's that when someone says "There's a horde coming," you DON'T  go to the barn.
CHEEEEESE!!!!!!
I find it hilarious how food and water wasn't their first priority when they lost all of their supplies upon death! XD
needs to build achievement city in this game
Pc fucking sucks!! 99% of pc gamers are fat virgin nerds that dont get any love from anyone except their right hand ??. Console is the way to go especially when console is catching up ahem caught up to pc's graphics and shit
guys find this one house in this game. its made of cobblestone and it a two or three story house. it right outside of the outskirts of the neighborhood. also you need to find the neighborhood and check out every house. there is also a military base that has land mines you can pick up to protect your hide out. never stay out at dark unless you want to run into zombies. watch out for the zombie cops they explode when the see you, don't get too close. watch out for radioactive and nuclear waste. wasps and spiders have stepped in it and grew huge they will kill you. you can mine in this game and I suggest you do so. also at night block every possible entrance for the zombies to enter. zombies are faster at night but you can slow them down with a light source. you also need to build a farm as well I suggest you attach it to your hide out but make it on the second story so zombies don't destroy it. put plenty of support beams under the farm as well. also you can store stuff in the fridge and other items in the house. search dead guys and the undead. especially nurses, they carry pain killers and medicine that can heal you from attacks. make plenty of torches and build a fire in the house for cooking over. you can cut down trees with your fists, ax, and shovel. I suggest you dig the tree out from the root. also check out Markiplier's and Yamash's channel it will show you the things you need and they will make you laugh. from what I know from when I talked to you on facebook you have dirty humor so yeah. also tell Esteban I said hi
I'd like to see the guys play Minecraft in adventure mode and see if they can survive and work to a goal of some kind.
I was eye rolling so hard at another alpha zombie survival game, but i played this game a bunch and its actually pretty far along. It's really fun to play with friends, and surviving the night is terrifying.
is this game going to be free and is just in early access or is it always going to cost money?
I completely forgot Michael wasn't in this video. It wasn't until the very end when I realised lol
"oh this guy has no... skin on" LOL
lol Growler. gotta love Gavin's English slang
why do people hate jack? how i see them geoff - grif gavin - always the first to diee michael - always swearing and gavin's bestfriend ray - the one who always shouts ryan - the cynical bastard who wants to kill everyone jack - the whiny bitch (as i was told he was)
i like this game
It's kind of funny reading "this is just a ripoff of Minecraft". Because being a survival game with crafting, means it will be similar obviously, the similarities bring in fans of the genre and the differences, (Zombies can survive in daylight on this game, firearms, and the hydration bar). will bring other fans. IF this is a rip off of Minecraft then ALL fps games are rip offs of the DOOM/Wolfenstein games.
22:40 I'm disappointed in Ryan that he didn't immediately run over cover up the hole and say " HELLO NEW EDGAR " in a creepy voice :(
Where did the chesse thing come from
yeah if it costs 25$ its not an alpha and should not be excused just because it says alpha on the homepage.
You know... if you think about... PC is just an expensive console with a really sucky controller
The character holds the axe the wrong way.
Let's Play DayZ Standalone?
I hope Elisha Cuthbert reprises her role as the main character in the resident evil series
Gavin: Hey, Ryan. Ryan: Yo. Gavin: How do we know he's not infected. Geoff: I'm not infected. Ryan: You raise an interesting point. lol
i love 50 minutes to 1 hr lets plays
Hey guys, every survival game that you collect resources will always be a not as good version of minecraft. (What every comment says.)
I really like the digging mechanic, it reminds me of the book Tunnels.
Jack references Tyrion instead of Daryl Dixon /).-
Did they try to put the food in the box above the "cook" box/button? Since the slot for cookware was labeled, I would think you'd put the raw food in the labeled slot as well
no they have the same voice
i'd love to see this game come out for xbox one & PS4! it would be a top seller no doubt.
Thats what happens when you do drugs jack.
http://youtu.be/okFfbONE9sw
2:30 calm down Michael Vick
Everyone knows you never dig straight down
People in comments saying "PC Master Race!" You know who else called themselves the "Master Race"? The nazis
Someone do fanart for this it'll be awesome
I love how Ryan at 33:25 is just sitting there calling out shit eating a can of salmon. Like someone watching a game with popcorn
HER GROWLER.
Is it just me or is the a/v slightly out of sync... They say things earlier than they see it
Is this game free?
is that a companion cube o.o
I want a death counter for all their let plays
Never expected Jack to being back the early 2000s with "Beautiful Life". God, I feel so old. XD
I hope the lumbering zombie appears in part 3
37:55 the horde appears to have taken the strategic formation of a large penis for maximum penetration
judging by them playing both of them this definitely looks better entertainment wise
how do you open the craft menu?
Tuna is called "Seaman's own". True story, saw it with my own eyes.
man this game looks like poop
Ray's name: "namnworb" is Brownman backwards. It took my 30 minutes to realize that
dig a moat and put spikes in it so zombies fall in and die
The dogs are literally aids in this game :I wish there was an option to disable them
This is entertaining. Nice video fellas
you guys should play apocz on xbox
I love the amount of retarded arguments in this comment section.
Make more!
Castration might be less painful than hearing your intro splash again. Otherwise a fun vid.
I keep waiting to see one of you attack a zombie with corn.
When they kill that fat zombie out side with the sledge hammer and club, it reminds me of the scene out of Shaun of the dead In the bar when the bar owner attacks them, and there hitting him at the same time as the music.
????? ? ?? ????
make a part two please
Episode 2?
Do more plz from you big fan
is it just me or do jack and ryan sound almost exactly the same
More please
I really wanna see some more of this, although it's maybe not the best game ever but it's fun to watch.
34:55 insert cleavage pun here
Fat zombies make a noise that sounds EXACTLY like Regenerators in Resident Evil 4 when you shoot them in the plagas
WHY CANT THEY JUST AY FUCKING DAYZ ALREADY?????!!!
did they make a part 2
This is great
PLEASE make more videos , also up grade the house
Moooorreee
Play more of this!
Please play more of this. I so want to see 100+ eps of 7DTD just like you have the Minecraft series. It's a grittier version of minecraft with harsher zombies. So fun watching you guys have no idea what to do!
Darude - sandstorm
Please continue this
Make a series!!!
Why do they switch screens every 10 secoonds
Why wood u cut  down a tree with a shotgun?
I know this comment will be lost in all the other comments but when I'm scared I dig a hole in my backyard take all my clothes off and concentrate really hard and then it happens, I turn into a potato
If u place a bed down it sets ur spawn
I know what im getting on steam
MORE
Is there going to be a part 2? Or did i miss it
Please do a part 2 of this soon you guys are so funny and good at this game thanks
Hm, I'm not very excited for this one, to be honest. The fact that you've got to get a lot of extra shit to build more extra shit is kind of tedious and the sounds are downright annoying. Also, is anyone else weirded out by the fact that the deer sort of hop around like rabbits when you chase them?
Moremoremoremoremore
This would be fun if they continue it.
Closest to a DayZ lets play that we'll get.
Please make more
i want to play this game
Just noticed that every woman zombie has big tits and is either in a nurse costume, cheerleader costume, a V neck down to her growler, or an evening dress that shows the tits off….hmmm I think the devs were a bit lonely
I love how jack knows everything about any regardless of playtime JACK FOR THE WIN
DARUDE SANDSTORM
I take DayZ than 7 Dayz to Die any day. My opinion.
I take DayZ than 7 Dayz to Die any day. My opinion.
use the rench to heal blocks
yea frankly I don't fucking care how the game looks as long as its achievement hunter failing like shit
More of this ! xD
Tried to build a house out of upgraded wood frames... 3 hordes came through mid build and I only had a crossbow...
Supposedly, there's a really funny/disturbing story Ryan tells involving a gnome in 7 Days to Die Part 3.
RYAN+JACK <3
are they going to make another one because i enjoyed this.
pls upload part 2 already!!!!
Gavin with the sledge hammer Ha ha
Do they use fraps for PC recording
38:30 it's like the walking dead the Zombie are coming for the barn somebody check on Carl!
Can you make a part 2 of 7 days to die? Please?
Can u make a part 2 of die in 7 days? Please.
And henceforth, they shall call Jack....the Tree Puncher.
I think it'd be awesome if they played this and did the thing where when they die, they stop talking. I think it'd go good with this kind of game
Wow they did a lot better than expected with these last few survival game GG AH, GG
That was like an ending to a game of thrones episode. "What's going on, uh oh, he has a weapon, oh god he killed him!" End episode
more 7 days to die please :3 pretty please :P
This has been the best of their recent PC let's plays. I've never played this game, but it looks really good, and the map and private server and easy crafting make it a better let's play. Much better than Rust, The Forest, and Stomping Grounds. I would love to see more, but the paltry amount of views on this video tell me it will never come to be.
Need part 2!!
I kinda want more of this
Pff diggin' the Skyrim style detection meter x)
I think it's time for you guys to upload.... PART 2!!!!!!!!
All these fucking hop-on survival horror games are starting to piss me off. Mostly because each one of them has its own distinct audience full of whiny little bitches arguing that their game is the best game. I really hope a new genre emerges, because I don't know how many more Minecraft clones I can take.
Get wood to make a fort
At night the zombies run faster
If you're just listening to the video in the background and not watching it, it sounds like they are playing a modded version of minecraft
Wheres part2,3,4,5,6?
where is the pc elitist now?
I really like it when they play miscellaneous computer games like this and prop hunt (and other Garry's mod games), always funny :) The survival themed games have been a really refreshing change lately they're really interesting and funny.
My graphics settings don't even display higher than 360p. HELP.
I don't care about the graffics it looks fum and I wanna see more game play... Maybe a full play on it is needed? :)
Can this be a weekly thing lol...
This game is awesome but there is a way to get it free but I can't remember the link sorry
Please play dayz mod please lol. I would LOVE that. Use the commander. It's really easy for everyone to install.
I think that dog is.... A BOXER!!! Oh god... Barbra has infected me....
Oh My God! Please do more of these. I've been asking for this for months since I starts to play 7DTD. It's so freaking fun and amazing. I would love to see you guys get 100 of these too, just like minecraft. The world is entirely interactive, and when it gets out of alpha (Like minecraft) it's just going to be more and more amazing Please do more 7DTD, forget Rust and all those other chump survival games where you can't change the world
there making a part 2 of this right?
At the beginning where everyone yells cheese they should have someone say quietly in the background "and crackers"
43:20 = OMG its CJ from SA!
Huh. Took me until like 40 minutes in to realise that Ryan is named after a prime minister of New Zealand. ...Odd choice. He was a... Colourful character at best lol.
I have to say,This has been one of the most interesting and fun Lets play I've seen in a while.
this is like minecraft on major CRACK
Of course Jack would be the one to punch a dog.
I actually really enjoyed this Let's Play
Make more of these!
They should play more of this
Lol zombie lady's lol
I really enjoyed this Let's Play! I hope there will be more.
im laughing so hard at the run animation for the stag omg that's incredible
For crack 7 days to die go on my channel
I'd love to see them do a series of this, along with one od Dayz Overpoch or whatever it is where you make the bases and such.
Moooooreee
How did you make an iron pickaxe, I can't figure out how to make them.
They should make another let's play for this game
Where the hell is prop hunt part 2
please make more episodes
play more  so good
plz make more
Oh god, it's so confusing listening to Jack talking to Ryan.
To all who say "Play Minecraft, not a rip off" One word. Graphics.
you guys should play this more!!!! this is a lot like mine craft but more real. this should be a multi part
"If you need a hole, im your guy" -Gavin, well now we know his job at Roosterteeth XD
Part 2!
More more
I remember seeing Utorak play this game when it was SUPER alpha lol I thought it looked fun but broke as hell. I didn't realize that's what this game was when it was on sale... Or that it had multiplayer.... Wish I woulda purchased it now cause it looks like it's coming together pretty well.
I honestly don't care as much about graphics if the game is fun to play
People complain about what game is better.... Blah blah blah as long as YOU enjoy YOUR type of game what's the problem? Why yell at others for a game you hate. Unless it's call of duty.....that game is always the same...... Jk just stop complaining and enjoy the video.
This lets play is dope ????
5:30 "Fuck yo grass, fuck yo grass, fuck yo grass" I don't know why but I died laughing XD
Please more.
More!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!I will be very happy:)
lol
? ..... try getting  a valble thing lets say uhh diamonds!!!!! blahgjdfherhdojweihfihtfjiowerhfigrgf
You can tell Ryan is the PC guy because his hotbar is actually full.
I actually kind of hope this becomes another game that they play more frequently. its actually pretty cool!
Play this more its really fun to watch
They completely skipped the night in this video.  The night time would have been the funniest part with all these guys.
Make a pt. 2
More plz :) this was great
Quite liked this ! I just recently became a large fan of this game - I'd love to see one more part if possible !
Part 2!
The horde of zombies were situated in a penis form. gigglegigglegiggle
fucking ed sheeran commercial... i just had to watch it :// that was mean :3
Good Job AH
i always thought it said get-off not geoff
"Can I just eat coffee?"
If I said I knew the creator, would you believe me?
this is painful to watch... never before have i seen you guys fail so much...
I don't think they should let the Brit cook..
More please.
Make a 7 days to die series. Seriously.
zombies love doorknobs needs to be a shirt.
Part 2 please
Moarrrr!!
do more o this
Ryan and Jack sound exactly the same.
I would like more videos of this game from you guys
Why does the Steam community love early access survival games? This, The Stomping Lands, The Forest, and Rust are the most popular games on Steam right now.
You guys are fucking..just....bad.....
Part 2?
More
Why doesn't this have more views?
This is the first lets play in a while that Michael hasn't been in
CHEEEEEEEEESE!!!!! Roflroflroflroflroflrofl
So when is the Rust Let's Play?
I'd like to see more
You should do Slender.
More of this please
"He he he, Zombies LOVE the doorknobs..."                                                            --Gavin Free, Podcast Personality
"I'm gonna whack it in the arse with a sledgehammer...."                                                                   --Gavin Free, Immersion Test Equipment
Make another one! This is my favorite! :)
"She's showing me her growler!"                                              --Gavin Free, Slow Mo Guy
play this again!!!!!!!
I am really enjoying this game so far. Nothing quite like being in your house at night and having a zombie horde of 40+ swarm over your area. My brother and I just hid inside hoping to stay undetected. Suspenseful moment that is enhanced by the sound of the horde.
play more.
is there going to be a part 2
you guys should play this again
Jack is Negan with that bat xP luciel
I have a question for everyone, what happens after 7 days?
DayZ's better
more plz...
More please!
Imagine if you made an underground fallback bunker.
do more of this and the forrest
so apart 2 this was so good
I hope this becomes a new series
lol they all look like michaels GTA character in this game not the face thuo
another minecraft bo0oooooo
a horde of zombies attacking a farm sounds familiar :D
there'll be part 2 right? this game is awesome
Hmm... so dogs are more deadly in a zombie Apocalypse then the actual zombies (in sun). Wait will the next patch introduce zombie dogs? hehe
Funny how everyone looks like Michael's Gta char, and the only one missing is Michael
Please part 2
You can drink water straight from the lake and if you friend each other using the friends tab when you press I you can see each other on the map
Do more of these! This Lets Play was surprisingly really enjoyable!
Who needs a map?
please make more!
They should play castle minerz if they are going to play this shit
leeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeets die!
Series please?
Please make more episodes this would be a cool series
PART 2
Poop
I feel they should have put food in the fridge misc items in the chest and spare weapons in the gun case
quick point, the ad in front of this video was about kids making a difference in the world and I thought "wow that's amazing, these kids are grea-" "CHEEEEEEESE!!!!!" haha, damn you wonderful idiots, haha
This really is just a glorified minecraft.
We need more of this and more of The Forest
More more 7 days
You know when you post your opinion and disable replies you're essentially saying "im an idiot and im wrong"
Dickbut
i really liked this. you guys should upload more! :)
At first I was thinking that this was another piece of shit wannabe game (kinda is) but after watching the full thing, I think it actually has some potential. It's like a DayZ, Minecraft mix. It's pretty cool. I hope they play more in the future.
Perhaps a tad cynical but i'd honestly just like a complete experience at this point for 25 bucks. Early access burned me like a scornful lover, and now my weary heart is too afraid to love again, mostly due to the fact these types rarely get finished. It's a shame really
Are they going to add more stuff into this game or is this it
PLEASE MAKE PART 2 LIKE THIS SO THEY SEE IT!!!!
is there a part 2 to this? or are they still making it because i really enjoyed it..
was anyone else hearing don't stop me now by queen when they were in the circle beating the fat zombie
What no part with you guys getting rekt at night? D:
welcome to another 10000 part series.
can you guys keep playing this? :D
So...... We'll get a part two right? Same with that Dinosaur survival game? Because they get good the second you all find each other.
I really love this, hope they make a series out of it! I know they don't read the comments but still :P
Part 2 please
I really like it when they play these type of games...or is it just me
Rust
Uh, is it only me that on ryans radar the horde looks like a giant schlomb 37:49
Is this going to be a series or just this one video? Really like this game so hope we will see more.
cheerleaders always have knobs in their hands lol
Ryan Haywood as Daryl Dixon
This... looks pretty bad. The Let's Play was funny though.
7:10
a part two and three and maybe four or as many as they deem necessary would be awesome.
Please please please please play more of this game.! You guys should make achievement city on here!!!
I love this game... please make more videos on this.
37:50 on the maps, the zombies make a penis on the map >:D
Please make a series on this!
Hope they make a part 2
That corn-breaking noise sounded like a Creeper hissing. Made me instinctively cringe.
Hope there's going to be a part 2
38:36 the second Gavin said "oh Man alive" I thought "Wheatly O_O " that and "people actually say that?"
took me way long to realize there's no Michael.
Lol, no one listens to Ray...
"Can we make a door? I found in a backpack." Best game ever.
part 2 all the way... this or stomping land, cause they are basically the same thing
I really wanna see more of this
I wish Michael was here :(
moaar
PLEASE play this again
yayyy! Gavin is back, im a huge fan of his cause he makes videos funny
in order to cook with a cooking pot you need bottled water, you can boil meat and you can boil unclean water to clean it. you can also make coffee with it by boiling coffee beans.
Once again stop saying its a minecraft rip off I dont see a nether portal anywhere i dont see a skeleton or giant spiders any where
Honestly most of you are saying any game with and inventory and a quick bar is a minecraft rip off personally I like the game idk why and im very judgemental when it comes to the video game industry
That was fun to watch. Part 2?
I love it when they do games like this where they have to survive and have no idea what they're doing at first.  Didn't even notice Michael wasn't in it until I read the comments... Sorry Michael!
That retarded deer was hilarious
ZZZZZ
was it really 6 and a half hours?
Was I the only one who thought Ray was going to say flint coal when they said coal
this looks horrible
i hope they continue this
wheres michael
You should continue!
Make a part 2
MOAR!!
7 days to die = first country zombie game that i know of. Most are in towns or cities.
Makin my way to the lake
Wonderful video, love watching the gang fight zombies for some reason. I have an idea for a future let's play, not sure where to put it so it will go here. When alien isolation comes out, I know it would be tempting to do like slender and have gavin and michael play but I think lads vs gents last man standing would be much funnier. last one killed by the alien while completing objectives, best out of three. I want to hear the group freak out as faces are being nomed by the alien :)
Keep playing this dudes.
And suck staying together!!!!!!!
37:52 ... Just look at the map, am I really the only one noticing this, or am I just sick minded
You guys SUCK at finding each other!!!!!!
I feel that this Let's Play needs to continue. I'm not sure about anyone else, but I think this is a really satisfying video and game and it just works out.  One of the best Let's Plays in my opinion.
I would like to see an ongoing series of this. Really enjoyed it!
This is really cool! I'd like to see more episodes of this
unturned 2 maybe???
2012 : Year of Bows & Arrows 2013 : Year of Lava, say Michale ... Guess 2014 will be Year of Free-Roaming & Sand Boxes
So you could build a underground network of tunnels? That sounds fucking awesome. Can you imagine just having a giant base underground? No one could fuck with you all you would have to do is occasionally pop out to look for food and supplies
Why is it every time that I watch a let's play like this, I always seem to have lost money by the end of it :P
Please continue this as a series
Hey achievement hunters you guys should make a lets play about cube world, it is a very cheap game on picroma.com it has 4 different classes with leveling and leveling up skills. So if and when you read this just think about it please and thank you.
Will the y ever do another episode?
Acheivment hunters vs creature hub
a "the world according to Garp" reference Ryan?
How much is this game
Is it just me or is Gavins' accent slowly disappearing?
I hope it saves
I like the survival games that u guys play
I hope it lets them continue
you guys should play this more
Make a trout around the house next time to keep the zombies away from the house so only you guys can get in an out of the safe house so its for sure a safe house!!! 0u0
Make a trout around the house next time to keep the zombies away from the house so only you guys can get in an out of the safe house so its for sure a safe house!!! 0u0
I thought Gavin was referring to Sam Cooke's 'Chain Gang.'  Were the seven dwarfs prisoners?  Because that movie is messed up enough already!
More!!!!
I really enjoyed this Lets play i hope they make more :D
I hope they do another episode
So I didn't read the description and I only noticed that Michael isn't here because of his honeymoon, 30 minutes and 15 seconds in.
22:50 It rubs the lotion on its skin or else it gets the hose again!
Well, killing zombies seems to b a team thing, not with any A.Iiii. ( A. I
FIRST COMMENT
If you set the speed to .5, it sounds like they're high... Might just be me.
so am i the only one who sees what is basically a minecraft parody with prettier graphics.
As usual, Ray's the one with the pot.
please make this like the minecraft series, King Geoff... Make me a house in 30mins which ever one you like best wins.
this game looks awesome, all it needs is a neather
Did anyone else think that it said seven ways to die when they clicked in this video :p
9/10- could do with more mogar
pt 2!
I caught that Gears of War reference...
Hope this becomes a multipart series
I'd love to see them carry this on
Part 2 is needed
It's like the walking dead
The way they blocked the door with 3 wood and one wooden plank is killing me #ocd
as u played the forest, stomping lands and this. can u do a lets play on dayz standalone
Are you guys gonna make more of these? I liked it. You guys can make a miniseries out of it. Much like Node did with mine craft.
I've been working on the raaaaaailrooad.  Aaaaaalll the live long daaaaaay.
Ryan is like Darrell from Walking Dead lol
I just want to thank jack for close captioning what he does in the game. Its not like I'm watching it or anything.
MOAR!
part 2!
This was by far my favorite Let's Play in a while. Really hope they continue it.
I hope you'll continue this game. It's the most interesting co-op so far. :)
The female zombie sounds are similar to Dead Trigger.
it was awesome!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Great video
If you pause the video when Ryan locates the hoard near the barn , it looks like a dick on his mini-map lol
more
Want part 2.
More please
Took me about 5 minutes to realize that Mikey Wikey was not in this video. No wonder why it wasn't as loud.
I kinda wanna see these guys struggle in DayZ. 90% of it would be them running round like a chickens with their heads cut off but I think it would still be good
totally freakin sick! 342 real followers today from INSTAPHAMOUS. COM
wish michael was in this video. would have been much funnier
For people who have played both games, whats better... this or Rust?
Im sad that Michael isn't in this :( he was probably still in Australia when they recorded this though...
Hi
I wanna see more of this!!!
Please oh please make this a continuing Let's Play...Bring in Michael and bam full on series, I'm not even done with this video and I almost peed. XD
Where the fuck is Michael you sons of bitches! *Shakes fist angrily
Kdin seems like a nice guy but his editing is atrocious
More of these!
is it freezing then skipping but playing audio for anyone else? i mean lke every 10 seconds it will freeze but the audio will keep playing then it will skip to the sceen it was suppose to be on.....
lol "how do i put crossbow in bolt" XD
Geoff: "I have collected some sticks" Ray: "I got hubcaps" The inner Puerto Rican has been unleashed in Ray.
Skyrim+Minecraft+Dayz if they were all still alpha makes this game
dying of thirst. that kendrick tho!
Like for part 2
Hope to see more episodes of this.
Ryan....."how do you put crossbow in bolt??"- haha lmao
part 2 please
Continue it
you guys should play nether
Don't care whether it's DayZ or 7 Days to Die, don't care whether it's KYRsp33dy or the Achievement Hunters, these zombie apocalypse survival games are boring as shit to watch. I hate to say it, as much of a fan as I am of the AH Crew.
15:33 Zombie vajayjay.
moreeee
Though it would never happen, i think this would make an excellent series!
MOOOOOOORE
Are they going to continue this?
Will there be a part 2?
Why do you guys keep playing these games in alpha or pre-alpha, itll be years before these games are released and we'll have long-forgotten this video. Why not play it when its in a more presentable and relevant version? something that might better represent the game we'll buy when it comes out.
Do more
22:41 it puts the lotion in the basket else it gets the hose again
The whole time they were talking about corn I was thinking of freak on a leash.
Y'all should play nether if y'all liked this game
Moar pls. Feels like Minecraft from the very beginning again :>
more
You guys should play Rust.
I hope they continue this.
Moooooore
More
ray " i just play the drums and make the African face" get him to the greek reference
I wanna see them continue.. They haven't experience what happens at night....all hell will probably break loose.. Lol x)
I took a wrong mysterious turn. - Only Gavin.
Gavin: So ah ray how's the lake ? Ray: Full of zombies we will die instantly
geoff sounds alot like joel in this
Do a part 2
So this is just in the alpha/beta phase, right?  I really want to play this when all the kinks are fixed.
NUKILER!
That awkward moment they're trying to cook food and that the cookware can only make bottled water...
The walking Dead: Achivement Hunter style!  by Tell Tale Games/the show (yes Ik they dont really match the characters but this is just how I am seeing it lol)  Gavin- Ben Ryan- Daryl Geoff-Kenny Jack- ?(help)  Ray- ?(help)
The title doesn't say "part 1" and I'm scared because I really enjoyed this and want part 2 ;-;
I like this. I hope to see more
The six of you guys should play Contagion together.
I was probably the only one who was dying to know what the bottom of the mine looked like after the time skip...
This was awesome. moreee
Here's hoping they do more. Liking this.
I adore Jack: "I'm gonna got get a dining set for us!"
i dont know why but i'm terrified while watching this
We Demand Mooore!  ... this was a great watch!  keep up the good work. you guys playing 7Days to die is more fun than sex and tv combined. One love
I would watch this as a series until they made it to day seven lol =P
Didn't even realize Michael wasn't in this until the let's stop
That game looks awesome, is it only for pc?
Another average survival game made to earn the developer's quick money just because survival game are popular as of late.
hit zombies I. the head to do more damage
u need full water and food to get health
I love it how Ryan stockpiles all of the guns and tells no one about them.
This was my favorite lets play in a while.
you need bottled water when cooking
They should do this again but when one of them dies cut out there audio and just have them be out for the rest of let's play. Kind of like a heist. This is just to see who can survive the longest and the last one to be alive is the winner. They can be against each other or they can work together. I am just suggesting this because it sounds fun, if they don't think so oh well, just thought I would suggest something different! :D
Forget DayZ, this game looks much better
More!
setting a bed down DOES set your spawn
"zombies love the doorknob" sounds like a shirt
Stamina affects damage
The map needs to be expanded, however. Also, vehicles.
Let's play apocz
This game looks fantastic
This game looks like it's out of 2004...
Not a game I would buy, but I like watching it
Please make another episode!
The keystone block (the stone looking one with the flag on it), that geoff put down, makes it harder for others to break blocks in a radius around it, kind of marking your "base"
MORE!
I died when jack said whats that screwing sound!
Why was the first upload of this video made private?
Make this a series
part 2, i demand it!
label these by part please
AH roles in a zombie apocalypse Ryan: the guy who loses his mind and kills his team Gavin: the guy who dies first Geoff: the leader who has no clue what to do Jack: the guy who wants to raid all the stores for food Ray : the guy who was just in the wrong place at the wrong time Michael: the guy who rages at the zombies for ruining his week Lindsay: the girl who is tougher than the rest of the team
It's been years and I still cannot tell Jack and Ryan's voices apart. No matter how hard I try, it just doesn't happen.
15 minutes in and I only just realized that Michael wasn't in the game. Whoops.
Dear roosterteeth, can u please play this game again. It was funny as hell.
I think you'll only lose your stuff in your hot bar when you die.
Frame rate cries for help :(
This needs to become a series, this is great.
you got to do more
That intro sounds like Novawar from LagTV
Loved it
Please make a part 2! This is almost better than minecraft!
So what happened to the night time footage of the game....??
they should definitely make a part 2
part 2 !!
Please make a part two
For some reason this is one of my favourite off their videos
This should be it's own series
Yeah I'm pretty sure they have more in this one since they re-uploaded it
i love this keep it up =}
more 7 days to die!!!!!
As much as I like Michael (And all the guys for that matter.) It is nice to have a calm lets play without him yelling the whole time.
Somehow they make even shitty games fun
ahahaha 10.00 10.15
Make more let's plays of this please
Love this :D
Love this :D
more of this please !
Part 2 of this would be great.
biscuit tins and hub caps in the middle square = scrap metal,  scrap metal in 3 squares across= ingot
I need part 2.
I would like to see more.
Now they can repopulate the Earth. With 5 men.
I want a part 2
Wheres Michael
I guess this being Reuploaded is why it has a tiny amount of Views for a AH video?
35:13 shoutout to George Bush
22:50 I was waiting for someone to cover the hole...
This was very entertaining to watch. Good job guys.
In order to cook you have to but a glass jar with water under the meat
More Plz!
WHY DO I HAVE SO MUCH LAG? I just want to watch AH play a game without the delay. I miss Micoo <3
There is a horde near the barnhouse.....walking dead reference by the makers perhaps??
Great video! 11/10 would watch again.
Yeah, those pudding rocks are a sight to behold.
Part 2! Get michael involved aswell!
more...! :D this was a very interesting looking game!
i think they should have a deathmatch towards the end where they spread out a bit and hunt eachother
More please.
Top let's play. Would like to see more of this.
LLLLLLEEEEETTTTTSSSSS DIE...
Can you guys do more of this? Really like it!!
Was the rumbling noise Jack heard when he said his sound is fucked up, isnt that a plane dropping a supply crate?
Play stomping land again
Much better than stomping ground, you can actually set spawns and find each other with ease.
MORE
Please continue making more vids of this game! It was so interesting!
more please!
So awesome,do more
Could someone explain what the hell is with the 6.5 days later and stuff like that? I absolutely don't understand any of these comment threads. It just fucking baffles me.
Make a series of this pls I want more
the guys should play rust
This Pressfarttocontinue dude is not original at all he took press heart to continues name and put fart in it and has to be on every popular video to get views...... And here I thought the world was getting better
Generic "this was re-uploaded, moan, complain, boo, hiss"
Mooooorreee
Make tis a lets play pls
FYI, and Im sure some one said already, You can Drink directly from any water, Just use a open tool belt and right click :D
This game is trying SO hard to be minecraft and that's exactly why it will never take off. Why get a rip off when you can play the original
Well it's official this is replacing Minecraft ... Im joking
You guys should play 5 minutes to kill yourself
How did Gavin get out of the hole?
Great to see you guys in 7daystodie! hope you enjoy the game!!
so do they choose where they start in this game?  Or did the game just instictively know to drop ray in mexico?
Rays audio line                                                --                                           --        -                          -----------------------------------------------  --------------------------------------------  -------- ----------------
so is this on steam? looks cool
You should start a series off this
MORE
I would love to see them play this some more, just saying.
PLEASE MAKE A PART 2!!!!
This was a nice LP, I hope they do this again.
More
just setting a bed or sleeping bag down will set spawn
Lets Play-7 days to die part 2
I really hope they continue this or at least make a series :(
Just love the Hogans Heroes reference
Want more! this was to fun and funny as hell x'3
Good to know cheerleaders like nobs :)
why did they cut this so much?  In my opinion they should not cut it as much
I really hope they play more it was awesome to watch :D
Part 2!
is this a skyrim mod?
Please make a part 2!
Where Michael
Please do a part two to this
More please
I wanna know where the 2nd part of prop hunters is......
Ray's name in this is naMnwor8. Which backwards is 8rownMan. Coincidence? I think not!
Do a part 2 please that would be an amazing let's play
i like eating hot pockets wile watching this
love the bromance between ryan and jack
love it they need to continue
do that again it was awesome
Part 2?????
Plz do more uf these
Hopefully another one? :)
This needs to be a new weekly video series
I like how this game uses the exact same sneaking crosshair icon that Skyrim uses.
i could've sworn this video was already uploaded .. why the re-up?
Play fifa world cup
Oh yeah pc games look so pretty. You console peasants and your shitty graphics. Pc is the way to go. All of the most popular pc games are the prettiest looking games today! Stomping land, dayz, and this. Man us pc players are spoiled with good looking graphics!
Please play again
what if you put your bed down right before a big group of zombies in case you were killed by them?
Anyone notice that the horde on Ryan's map at 38:00 makes a penis? lol
moooore
Please do more of these !
Did anyone else think of the walking dead when Ryan saw the horde at the barn?
Did anyone else think of the walking dead when Ryan saw the horde at the barn?
Can't wait for part 2. This was way more entertaining than your latest minecraft let's plays. (Besides Bodyguard)
More 7 Days to Die please.
I cant hear it. The volume seems to be quite low on it. :(
Awesome video please make part 2, I have tons of fun watching your videos!
More!
definitely a fun lets play, would love to see more.
mooooreeeee
This was pretty freaking cool. I'd watch them play this anytime.
Why did they re-upload it?
dose it bother anyone else that the sneaking mechanic is the same from skyrim with the eye
Did anyone else have the page refresh itself and a showing that the video was private, only to re-click on the video and have everything working smooth?
Part 2?
This is the game that DayZ standalone should've been. Literally, every single thing about this game is better, and it's very similar, only with better crafting, loot system, combat, play-ability, stability, zombies, players, creators, terrain, weapons, gods, water, grass, dirt, potatoes, etc.
I don't know what people are talking about, Ray seemed more alive and happy in this one than he has in the last few.
They were surprisingly energetic this Let's Play! I enjoyed it.
I really hope they make a part 2, 3 etc...
That's Kansas....lol
You should play more games like these
this is a game worth looking in to
What kind of blue jeans and brown coat cult is this?
Let's stop
1080p!
Awesome keep posting these videos
This is one of my favourite Let's Plays. Really hope they upload part 2 within the upcoming days as opposed to one every few weeks/months...
moar of this !
I hope they make another one of these
reuploaded?
cant wait till part 2.
Id watch another part
Please make a series out of this guy's....
7 days to get scammed. This turd of a game was pretty much abandoned in alpha once the developers made enough money from pre-sales and realised their promises were in no way realistic. The description on Steam even vaguely admits this: "This Early Access game may or may not change significantly over the course of development." Hint: It won't change at all, cause they already have your money.
I'm starting a petition to stop people from giving every comment by PressFartToContinue hundreds of likes and replies.
Definitely interested in seeing more videos of this.
Make. More
This is A Reupload don't comment about it Make This A Top Comment So People Stop Spamming With "Is This a Reupload"
Ya know for a game without a single original thought this doesn't look so bad. I like the little touches like the Skyrim sneaking and Minecraft building. Actually looks like they put thought in what to steal to build a new experience and I appreciate that. Might check this out.
Favorite lets play ever! Please make. A part two!
Why reupload?
more please?
Aww, no Michael.
This game looks flipping fun to play with a bunch of people omg.
The editing wasn't so bad that they needed to do a reupload, but, it's an improvement.
More please
Not many big gamers play this. They should do this weekly.
HAHAHAHA if you put the spped of this video to 0.5 they all sound like they are just coming round from anesthetic.
This should be a series like Minecraft
Is this a reupload?  I remember watching this yesterday.
this is the only PC game I want to play
i cant wait for the nextt one!!!
Need to start putting these out faster, i watch through them too fast
also get Mogar!! if you dont mind..
MOREEEEE!!!!!!! please..
The moment I saw the title, I was like, YES. :D
I forgot Ray was in the LP
Was this uploaded again? I swear I saw this last night.
I watched 3/4ths of the video and realized I already watched this yesterday. I thought this was part 2 >.<
3:47 , team same voice ception. Is he punching n talking to himself?
This is what DayZ should have been.
First let's play in a while were I really fucking enjoyed every minute of it, hopefully they make more
Part 2 por favor
Tyrion kills Tywin in the newest GoT episode
this was awsome and I want more
I hope there are lots of parts/episodes for this! It looks like it has great potential to keep going.
That time when 2 identical (in-game) persons meet... 3:38
Really enjoyed this Let's Play! Nice progression from the start. Can't wait for more :)
That stupid deer and it's jumping makes me laugh when I see it. XD
Please keep playing!!!
more!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Please do more of this!!!
Really hoping they do a Part 2 of this one!  :)
i Need mor of this,
This is lot better than Day Z please continue to play this...
Alright, Now this game needs some walking skeletons, a green moss monster that explodes, some NPCs, a alternate dimension that resembles hell, and we'll be good.
That awkward moment when you realize that it took you way too long to notice that Michael isn't in the let's play... 32 minute mark...... facepalm
This game actually looks awesome, Minecraft plus zombie apocalypse? they can do so much with that? With good graphics too?
"This zombie has huge tits. I kinda feel bad doing this." Oh, Ray.
This might become a mini series. Hopefully a part 2 will come out soon!
"alright, calm down with the crossbow tyrion." too soon jack, too soon...
"Zombies love doorknobs" - Gavin 2014
This looks to be something that could be a little series to see how long you guys last
play more
Play more plz, really like it. Nice series and fun to watch!
This was awesome they should make it a series.
the new minecraft??
I've been waiting so long for this lets play!
Where the hell is Prop Hunt part 2?
More! :D
PLAY MORE PLAY MORE PLAY MORE
If anybody did not notice the zombie dogs make a tie fighter noise when they die.
we want more of this, Like if you came here thinking it was a 2nd episode
I don't know all the things they did differently but at 25:15 they added the screen that says "6 and a half hours later"
I got this game last night and I keep having issues with it freezing on me. It is annoying but when it isn't freezing it is a fun game.
This was actually really good, I thought this wasn't gonna be as good, but I wanna see more. Even if this game seems pretty easy with a bunch of friends
It says alpha but the game has been out for almost a year now
shhhhh.... im hunting wabbits
Did they just skip night time or did it never come? I'm a little disappointed at night everything goes to hell but it never happened.
More!
Make this into a series
More
Play Rust
please do more soon
never seen this game before they should do another video of it
More episodes plz!!!!!!!!!
I don't know if it would be possible but I think it'd be really funny to see you guys do a lads vs. gents: Star Wars edition! Thanks and keep up the great work I'm a huge fan of you guys!!!:D
Please more
Ahah i love this game, just too buggy and the devs seem a little too arrogant to take criticism.
Re-uploaded due to copyright?
Gavin: Ray how's the lake?  Ray: Uh full with Zombies, we'll probably die instantly.
BOOM "I'm The Hole Guy" T-shirt idea.
Definitely make more of these, really fun watch
Can we get a The Stomping Grounds part 2? The first one was really fun to watch.
Really want a part 2
Did they reupload this? I could swear I watched this last night.
Am I crazy or did they re-upload this?
Am I the only one here who is watching this for the first time?
Didn't they upload this yesterday?
running effects from Minecraft?
This is just every game ever at this point.
Moar!!!!!!!!!!
Fantastic let's play!
MORE! That is all
Part 2 if possible please???
I would greatly appreciate more of this, thank you!
Did they re-upload this or something? I've seen this video this very morning (UK). Well at least 12 hours back.
great video
Is this made by Besthesda?
Is this to fix the edit fails from the last one?
They have to play DayZ
I thought this was part 2.  My pants were shat.
Its really not that big of a dal, they redid some sloppy transitions, its not like too much to expect from a production company roosterteeth has become. They either had a new person doing it, or they didnt watch it all through. I appreciate the re upload.
Other than the consumable jars and the atrocious walk cycle on the deer, this game looks promising.
Unfortunately let's plays like this one, the forest, and stomping grounds all look really similar and end up being just a repeat of each other. I would rather them pick one and do a few episodes of that one instead.
I saw this video went private for a bit and got scared. Thought we had another Let's Build Portal House situation on our hands!
More please
maybe there was a new editor that messed up so they had to fix it and reupload
MORRREEEE!!!!!
Its like dayz and Minecraft meet.
Its like dayz and Minecraft meet.
"So thirsty.... So thirsty...."-Jack 2014 Make that a shirt
Good Group Roosterteeth, going back to fix the editing like a champ. Way to listen to feedback you all-stars.
Be sure to make more of these.
I guess this is Roosterteeth's new approach, re-upload videos for maximum views. Also Jack is worthless. 50 minutes of him whining and asking how to make shit, fuck you Jack.
Id really like them to continue this
15:50 is when they all meet up if anyone wants to skip the beginning stuff.
More please
played grooses theme this whole lets play, it was funny to me :3
Is this an old game, or are the graphics made this way?
why don't they just play DayZ
More
Jack, why do you have to steal the minorities job? I thought hitting the trees was Ray's job?
"Calm down with that crossbow Tyrion." Jack you have GoT to be kidding me
This Let's Play was great, but I'm REALLY getting fucking tired of ''Minecrafty Survival Horror Early Access Alpha for 3 years" games.  I mean really.  What happened to making a game, testing it, and releasing it?  Are those days over?  Am I that old?  What happened to polishing your product to make sure it was bug free BEFORE you released it?  Nowadays all these stupid people are paying to be Alpha/Beta testers - when not so long ago that very job paid well.  Stupid fucking sheep.
is like DayZ but this game works.
Geoff is moron, Ryan said wait till we get in a group and Geoff said Oh okay I'm already here, HE DESERVED TOO BE EATEN!
"I'm nervous, Ryan. I'm scared when you're not near me." Aw, I love moments like that.
aww i was hoping it was a second session...
Is this a reupload?
Wow, this game looks awesome! Why did I not buy it on steam when it was on sale?!?!
make this a series
Didn't they upload this yesterday?
This needs to be a series. Who else agrees? Imagine the carnage of them fighting for survival, fending off the undead hordes of night as they scavenge and forage about the multifaceted landscape. Watch as Gavin mercilessly clocks Jack with other heavy blunt implements. They should at least finish off the week.
God damnit.  I thought we were going to get two 7 Days to Die videos in a row.
didn't they post this yesterday??
Play more PLZZ
There best be another let's play coming.....
This count as a let's play for today
raise your hand if you want to be the official ah video screener
They need to make more of these it's cool
the editing on this was trash
did they reupload it to fix the technical issues?
Fuck you Ryan. No one wants you in these Lets Play's.
Do a series on this :D
This is my favorite game :)
Ray probably edited it the first time
Mooooore!!!
Reupload?
Love the way the video has only 300 views at the moment but 1000 likes
team same voice have matching character models, first thing one does after that is punch the other in the nose.
Wasnt this uploaded yesturday on the RT site?
I thoroughly enjoyed this video. :)
It's Thursday.
This is what is going to replace lets play minecraft! .!
i swear i watched this yesterday
Please play this again!
more of this
they fixed that 25:11 flash of text so you can read not flash by in less then half a sec
I already watched the whole thing last night, even with the couple sync and transition issues there were. Whelp, time to watch it again! :D
was this reposted to anyone elses subscription wall more then once
its so peaceful without Michael. not sayin i dont like him, i love him, its jsut without his loudness, its odd.
why uploaded again?
REUPLOADING VIEW WHORES, jk. It was probably an accident
I want more i love it!!""
ok guys if you play the video at 0.5 speed it will be the funniest thing you have ever seen, i promise xD especially 26:55 and 10:40 they sound so drunk and wasted
why is this up again? What was wrong with the other? :p
Shame about the need to re-upload. YouTube should really add a feature to just replace videos with another so it keeps it's stats. Though YouTube would also need a way to auto-check the video to make sure it's the same (with minor differences). It'd work well for videos that have had their audio censored too due to copyright.
Why did they reupload this?
Didnt they release this yesterday?
Am I the only one that was waiting for Ryan say, "Well, there doesn't have to be five of us".
Awesome series (?) keep it up :D
I've been watching Lets Plays on 1.5 speed. It sounds like all of them drank sooo much coffee.
Why did they reupload somthing they posted yesterday
fixed
Omg yes I love this game it's the best
This was good I would like to see more of these.
I thought i had bought some good stuff that sent me back in time, nope reload.
Is it my computer or does everyone else have 360p?
Does this mean they are going to upload another let's play later for the Thursday let's plays?
Is this only available up to 360p for anybody else on mobile?
They made the other one private. Guess they had to reupload it.
Deja-vu
Why did they re upload it
now i get to watch it again c:
Well if you insist Achievement Hunter, I suppose I could watch it again.
Make part 2 please.
so it's minecraft mixed with dead rising? ...interesting
Re-upload much?
I didn't think the editing was distracting enough for them to need to reupload it, but it's neat that they did.
Oh...thought it was a part 2 :( didnt read it properly
Thanks for the proper edited version, it wasn't a major deal but it was cool to redo it so it wasn't so choppy.
is it only 360p for anyone else?
Dat 360 P Though
They Re-uploaded this?
Moar
Minecraft: Realistic Edition
Did they literally not upload it in 720p cause it's been a hour and I still don't have 720p option :L
so my video is only in 360p...anyone else? .-.
How convenient, I was just starting to watch the non-fixed one.
At first i thought it was part two
Awwww, I thought this would be part 2.  Really cool game so far.
More !!
Deja Vu!
??? i saw this yesterday...
Plese do a series of this
i have a feeling that gavin may have put some moldy bread in the fridge....
What if they played this every friday instead of minecraft?... I wouldn't mind...
Thought all that transitioning lag blips yestreday was just wifi lag
Whats with the reupload?
It's baaaack!!!
Why 360p
1:38 dick cactus
Wtf they played this game for almost 7 and a half hours wow that's crazy I wonder what happen in that 6 and a half hours or did they took a break and when out of lunch then continue playing
Why only 360p?
they should play charlie murder cx
re-upload?
ladies love knobs
wow 150th comment
I'm really not a fan of these survival lets plays, mainly because nothing tends to happen
why is it stuck to 360p?
I was wondering if they'd re-upload since the first one was a botched edit/render. In any case, this let's play made me consider trying this game out!
There were some transitions last time they uploaded it that just lingered on the last frame of one shot for a couple seconds before going to the next instead of the instant cut like they always do.
Wow, this was a very good, fun enjoyable Let's Play! :)
I want to see them build a castle stone walls and wooden turrets and of course moats filled with zombies.
I want to see them build a castle stone walls and wooden turrets and of course moats filled with zombies.
they uploaded this already??
There were awkward pauses in the old one
Please do more of The Forrest, Prop Hunt, and this game! ?
This is waaay better than the stomping land to watch in my opinion
Dammit I was hoping for part 2
Oh darn, I thought this was part 2 already. Silly me, now I'm all disappointed.
It was so nice, they uploaded it twice! Though seriously it's really great that they would take the time to fix minor editing problems in their videos despite how rotten some of their YouTube 'fans' can be.
There were editing problems with the other.
they take forever to release videos. usually not until 5 EST.
is it only 360p for anyone else?
they probably reuploaded because the first video had a problem, where the screen cuts were .00001 second long with the video paused for a second or two.
what was so wrong on the last one that they needed to re-upload it
Why r we watching this again
My hopes and dreams were shattered. It'd be amazing if they did more episodes of this.
Oh look they reuploaded it because it had editing problems :) To the retards telling me it had no problems I believe the term I'm looking for is "suck it"  or perhaps "I told you so" :)
Why is the vid only in 360p? Just wondering...
I tried watching this yesterday and they stet it to private WHILE I WAS WATCHING IT. I was really confused for a while :p
WHAT DE FUK IZ DIS
I'm wondering how Gavin got out of that hole...
I know what prisoners sing get me the fuck out of here
what???? I got to like 10 min and was like ??????? Dident I just watch this
To again echo the other people who noticed, several of the cuts in the original upload were dodgy so they re-uploaded a higher quality video.
Cheeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeese!
COME ON 720P ITS BEEN 30 MINUTES!
where's micoooo :(
Aw I thought this was part 2 :(
Stop copying  SeaNanners :S
I was wondering what was up with those pauses. Audio seemed fine so i could care less but very professional, unlike Gavin's nob
dam i thought this was part 2
They should make a series of this
is this edited to the point where i should rewatch it?
Deja Vu
29:20 Chris Brownman
do more parts of this!
Re-upload because of an editing issue.
is it just me or does every one have to watch this in 360p?
Ummm this came out already?
Woah! Deja vu! :o
They fixed the timing of the text cards
MORE!!!!!!!!!!............please.
I think there was something wrong with the other one, they took it down
Somehow better than their mine craft ones recently, the LP's are best when they are trying to survive and do whatever it takes, rather than the incredibly elaborated games in mine craft.
For everyone asking why it was reposted. There were a few minor editing mistakes.
and now its 360p whatever i watched it yesterday anyways :)
Re-upload?
Why'd they re-upload this?
Wasn't this uploaded yesterday?
why was this uploaded again !! fucking gavin
didn't they upload this yester day it says it was uploaded today?
why is this re uploaded they did this yesterday
Somebody find the nights, I noticed the video had weird cuts with frame long annotations last time.
FUCK YEAH!
A Rooster Teeth video and no PressFartToContinue? This is my chance! Insert clever remark about video here
Why the re-upload? I thought the last one was fine.
Is anyone else having a case of serious deja vu?
Eh, whatever I'll watch it again
didn't we already watch this? lol
This already came out?
Hi
Why was this re uploaded
reupload?
The editing is fixed on this video.
was this not posted last night? i remember watching it when i got home from work.
You guys should try Red Orchestra 2: Rising storm! It's definitely underrated, and way better than this game.
again?
deja vu
Ayyyy
More
Ray and the zombie with big tits. Still a better love story than Twilight.
It says it wa uploaded 8 minutes go, but I was watching this last night at like 2 AM on my Xbox
I hope they do more of these. This is a great game to play and watch LP's in.
They probably reuploaded this because they needed to fix the errors where the video froze right before the time cards.
They should add each other as FRIENDS in the game.  Friends show up on your map in the game.
wtf, this came out yesterday. GIVE US THURSDAY'S VIDEO
PENIS
I just refreshed to get 1080 and the video went private. Now it's back and it only goes up to 360 :(
360p?
first
Why did they upload this twice? It had like 400,000 views..
Love your videos :3
first
Did they fix the editing?
Why do people write first ? Fucking losers
I'm confused I just watched it and now it's up again?
Wasnt this out yesterday?
Why did they post this twice?
WAS THIS POSTED YESTERDAY OR AM I FROM THE FUTURE?
noooo
1st comment fuck yes
first
I'm confused
umm, what
I can’t get kills because bullets are attracted to my skull and I’m usually killed in 1 shot
I have problem in communication in R6 im 12years old and everyone tolds to stop playing this game and when i make call out they just dont care or they have been muted me
7 kill game
Idk how this worked but I got good, very quickly
I watched this vid and the next game i played I had 10 kills 4 deaths
Lol I solo qued to diamond
8:49 editing mistake
2:35 lmao
My kid is 1.4 I'm gold 2 or 3 I cant get past it
Is one of the tips to stop using controller on pc and start using keyboard and mouse?
How to get better at siege.\n\n\nTeam kills 0:29 \n\nMe: PISSED
video begins at 1:00
Did anybody else hear the mistake at the end?
1. Think about things before you do them, it doesn’t make sense to enter a room before it’s droned or peek a Blackbeard. Don’t roam in places in the map that don’t inhibit the attackers\n2. Play with the pace of your team. Sometimes your team is very aggressive and you should be aggressive too. If their not playing aggressive don’t play aggressive. Playing against your teams pace simply puts you at a numbers disadvantage
I go 12 and 4 on ranked what should I do
I like to rush caveira  first before anyone else
??great video
My gamer tag on PS4 is fizzingsoda I have 1.6 KD and in diamond HMU I got good because I’m patriotic for my country the USA and I love going on EU servers and fucking them up
Recoil 101: \nStep 1: aim below targeted area\nStep 2: Press left click \nStep 3: hold\nstep 4: walk over to the corpse\nstep 5: teabag
sometimes it runs and sometimes not you cant fix it
I always get a lot kills when defending because i play as rook and his shotgun is op.
Do a part 3
Just to let you know I play better without my friends my friend make me wasn’t to play way better than I do and it makes me worse
Nice m&kb on console
I'm not confident enough because I'm always scared to push a room because I always think there someone in there holding a tight angle
Improving your kd won’t improve your rank ??
drop down to copper or play with copper friends
Good shit, bryan
00:20 console in a nutshell
lol i was with 2 other friends and cav got us all it was hilarious although only get the game 2 days ago
I’m gold 3 and play with randoms with no mics
Lol my kd on my smerf is 4.7
you are a horrible you tuber you click baited everyone that watched this video thats 542,653  people that are still not \"INSTANTLY PULLING MORE KILLS\" you  need to take this video down
I solo queud to Plat II
The first video of yours I watched it's a bit in my face but I still liked
How about having a crappy pc :'D (me)
8:52 the voice  come back to 2nd Clue
I found that:\n1. getting good\n2. finding a sight you are comfy with\n3. listening for footsteps\n4. using a gun you know well \n5. using team chat\nall help with game play.
If you don’t choose a character you get given a random character which can allow you to improvise and and use different types of playing.
I actually played with a friend rainbow but at sone point when I was offline he was in a solo queue and met a full german squad (Were from Germany). Now he isnt playing with me just with his full squad and one of these guys have no recoil. And its kinda sad that I dont have people to play with, just because I had a break of playing rainbow and lose my skill.\nAnd now I am here watching this video at 1:39 AM writing this comment.
I don't have a phone number to join ur discord
I have ps4 and i dont play with any one and im at gold IV
discord is a scam
What if I average .0001 kills a game
I can’t join
we are listening to a guy who uses breaching charges on ash....
Funny story. After my placements this season I solo qued to plat 2 and after that I start queuing up with a squad and I got dropped back down to gold. Just now made it back up ????
pre-fire around corners
And don’t panic it will throw off your Aim
Low kill in high death games for me is less losing gun fights and more getting team killed.
Oh dude I luv u.... your confidence tip just increased my skill... I m always afraid of fighting with enemies, casual is pretty less tense so I get 7-10 kills but in ranked I hardly get a kill..... but now I tried to be more confident and I clutched a 2v5 overtime match point.\nI m a PC player and kinda dislike PS4 layers(no offence plz) but I m surely going to follow you and subscribe you....\nTHANK YOU
I’m a upcoming rainbow channel and I recently made a montage if you guys could check it out that would mean alot
Kills are cool but why would anyone want to rank up lol
My K/D and rank would be better if I had better teammates
when i solo que i fucking smash people when i play in a 3 or 5 man i lose
Just get good ??
Oh my god chaotic, I watched you a year ago when i played console and you only had 500 subs you've grown so much and you deserve it!
Play with friends stayed at Copper and Silver. Played Solo, got Gold 2. Not everyone needs to depend on friends as you think.
2:40 song?
R6 song u can thank me later https://youtu.be/DmV1TSdVOAg
Love the tips but don't work for my trashy ass.
1:10 dieing
Thanks for the good tips
Lol solo Q up to plat ez
Most times i cant kill people is because i cant fucking see them....Who thought black walls on  black shields on a black skin op was a good idea?! The maps are too fucking dark..turning up my brightness/gamma doesnt help because its all THE EXACT SAME SHADE OF BLACK\n\nUBISOFT FUCKING FIX THAT
Why do i keep getting that tik tok ad with emo girls
#1 to pull more kills... play on console
Another strategy that people hardly do anymore is droning. It’s important for that extra information for the team.
Any1 wanna play Xbox AmerBigBoi11
My friends call me Homer because I usually can get 8-10 kills and then zero the next game. Basically I do good and then need a donut...
looking for cheap but good desinger? write me in private chat \"I came from discord\" to get your first desing 40% OFF TODAY!!
I don’t have friends that have pc :’(
Just hit your fuckin shots mate problem solved
I get high kills but high deaths
It's called play ash
If anyone wants to play on Xbox one add me! EvanTheGreat27. I’m decent at the game and looking to play with a new group!
Thanks it worked and I got to about 4 to 5 kills but at time my peeking is BAD
What If I have no main
Step 1: RUSH \nstep 2: Type why u leave me imigrante_ahmed (player i met ingame)\nstep 3: Free ace
boi k/d doesnt matter anymore, Ive gone from gold 2 to bronze 2 in 2 weeks and I actually went ham last weeks, the thing is tho, I play with incomptent friends, who are below level 50, and even tho I'll get 2/3 kills per round, chances are that we still lose :D, but who cares, we have fun and thats all that matters :)
I cant access other chats on the discord pls help
0:30 that teamkill ¯\\_(?)_/¯
Lmao I peek black beards but I always kill them, most of the blackbeards ive killed aims head level, so then I go prone injure then kill.
Kinda every time i have more kills than deaths
I flank them 1
To improve recoil: Finka
The game isn’t about kills
wow console look so bad its slow asf lmao ,,,,,,,
Every time i play with my friends when they die they blame it on me but I choose to play solos so I can focus more on my gameplay so now I’m better than all of them so if this happens to you just play solo focus on the game and just play
Ps4 silver = Xbox plat
i really wanted to care about the video then i saw that this trash use a console lol end of the story i stopped there get a pc dumbass
How to rank up:don't get shitty teammates,oh wait...
Xbox and kid
im bronze get every game 10 kills but still lose of my teammates
8:50 ummm ???
5:14 were is the reqoil
Got silver 4 to gold 1
How many times have you tk’d?!
But, I solo queue a lot and I’m climbing
I've been playing for about a year and a half now, and I'd consider myself a decent player, but hearing the suggestions you gave out loud really helps put into perspective the mistakes I've been making. Awesome video! I'm sure it'll help me become a better player.
When I play it usually drop 10 to 20 kills a ranked game but on certain maps like theme park and club house I get like no kills
should i buy a headset? im playing with in ear no surround
Don't select operators unless your picking for a strat, it keeps the enemy clueless on who to chose and you also get nice variants
8:52 audio restarts?
So play as ash. Got it.
Hacks?
This tips are too shallow. Supporting your team is more inportant than doing kills.
If you want a defender to peek you if you're a BB, put a silencer in those guns, they won't know who you are. They lower damage, yes, but they are helpful, and not just BB. Any gun with a silencer is amazing. The enemies won't see the white gunshot alert.
Press '2' to skip the first 20% of this video and get straight into the actual tips.
My best game was 13kills 1 assist and 3 deaths
sub
Step 1: get gud at game \nStep 2 success
I am maverick main on casual but In ranked i take thatcher if we have hibana or thermite
Step 1: Clicking on the Video.\nStep 2: Realizing the Video was recorded on a Console. \nStep 3: Closing the Video.
Thank you so much
It’s so simple. Aim higher, duh?¿
Nice .
I solo qued to plat
I think I may be mediocre(plat 3 han solo'd) because i have pro league settings on...?? Also Hereford base for flicking practice between targets is pretty lit. ??
My main problem is roaming. I usually find a good position outside of the objective room where I know the enemy will be pushing and hold it.\nThe only problem is when every one of my teammates die in the objective room and I end up having to assault it without any knowledge of enemy positions. \n\nI need to work on my ability to have more map awareness.\nWhat I mean by that is that I have to become more aware of what's happening with my teammates when they're not close to me.\n\n\nIt'll help a lot with situations I get in outside of roaming aswell.\nSometimes I hold an angle or a doorway to the objective and leave the rear doorway to a teammate or multiple teammates. Then I end up getting shot in the back because my teammates either abandoned their position when I wasn't looking or they died. \n\n\nIt sounds like I get narrow-visioned, but I don't. I just expect my teammates to do something, which they seldom meet. Of course that's my fault though, I shouldn't expect them to do anything.
My friends aren’t good at r6 so I had to solo queue and couldn’t get out of gold 3
Thats dead
I just checked on an app his kd is 0.93
Hes trash his stats are aweful
Why is this a lyric prank? XD (this is on the lyric prank folder on fire beast)
i get 0 7\n:)
You play on xbox???
\"It can take weeks to find the right sensitivity\"\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\nTook me an hour. I just put it on 100 :p
instructions unclear... killed team and got a month ban
You never mentioned anything about recoil
Rainbow Six is not about fucking Kills! Get a PC and just play the game! For a PC player he won't be even good...
I have found out why I am so bad at playing this that I deranked to Copper IV, I have no steady friends...
Great vid! How do you record quality gameplay on your Xbox?
Like
Went from gold 3 to copper 1 cuz my friends are garbage need ppl to play wit my gt on Xbox:TrueFaithHeals
Sometimes I just panic and my aim sucks. Other times when I am confident in my aim I kinda suck at making on the fly game decisions like when to reload, when to peak, when to run etc
Kill more Die less
Rainbow is so fun but i just cant play it. I keep getting unluckily killed every game because of bad hit reg and lucky players headshotting me through the wall because of luck. Ive just finished to rankes games and in both of them ive lost to bad hit reg, bad teams, no comms, and lucky enemy players. I just wanna be able to play well but this game hates me.
Dont tell me NOT to play TACHANKA ever again.
Thanks
I can’t join discord pls help
Git gud
Doc is the biggest drug overdoser
Well for me I'm getting 6+ kills and 3 or less deaths but still lose game
I have a 1.3 kd I get over 9 to 10 kills a game. But I can never get out of gold..... tips?
Ur a console player tho
I always get around 10 kills but my team loses all the time and I don't understand how I can make it better
this is ridicolous you have been diamond once for one game and every other season you are gold wtf trashtalking gold player get diamond for real
Here’s the thing I don’t get into gun battles I get snuck up on in the most random ass places. I recently hit level 100 and I was getting positive ratios almost every game. And now out of no where I’m getting shit on
if you dont have any friends. Join my discord very unhealthy sarcasim laugh
Earned a sub! ????
hey idiot, im not verifying my phone in your discord turn that setting off xD
I don’t think imma get back to a copper... I play casual and I’m staying a gold III and I don’t play ranked that much lol
#1 Listen to the game #2 watch pro league games or tips and tricks video. #3 Warm up before ranked #4 Always try to 5man queue. YOUR RANK WILL CLIMB SO HIGH
My username is camboyz1997
I play on ps4
Please be my mentor.
The game after I watched this video I dropped 7 and 1
Condoms?
I used to play a few operators now i just play random people that seem cool and im good with all of them
Settings?
\"If you don't have any Friends, join my discord\" ??????
I usually go like 8-2 but i suck
As he says play other operators but he is playing ash ??
Your aims good asf, you make me wanna play again lol. I don't have time to play anymore and my ps4 is fucked lol. Great video
I know what you are doing wrong. You are playing FPS games on a console.
I went 15|4 as lvl 39 no smurf
I drop down to copper when i play with my friends tho, if i solo que all season, i can guarantee myself gold.
Thanks chaotic you helped me get plat and this is my first ace in plat plz watch https://youtu.be/K9x5ymm-feY
Gotta love being in copper cause if u solo queue and are trying to reach a high rank other than improve your game it’s prob not gonna work
Damn. Guess that’s why I’m in copper
Who thinks he should post more
Snort a 5 lb bag of coke and put your sensitivity to MAX.  That seems obvious.
@4:22 he said slash out loud.
My problem is confidence. I'm actually a pretty good player, but sometimes I just lack so much confidence I suck so bad, when I could actually be doing really good.
Just get a good gaming chair.
So I'm over here looking at my recommended and thought this would be a good video to watch, then I click and 20 seconds in I notice that it's fucking CONSOLE. WHO THE FUCK MAKES VIDEOS ABOUT THIS SHIT ON CONSOLE???? LIKE HOW DO YOU EVEN PLAY THE GAME ON CONSOLE??? WTFF?? EXPLAIN PLEASE? Watch my highlight video if u think I'm trippin or if u think I'm bad Or if PC is bad.
Hey bro I play on Xbox I would love to play with u someday.
It's not hard to pull more kills if you play against retards like that sledge at 0:30, On my Elo in Low Plat people 1 tap you thru pixel peeks when you've been exposed for 0.001 seconds
I don’t know which defending op I should get, Valkyrie lesion or somebody else
actually i solo q to diamond every season if you drop to copper your just bad
My Games are mostly always 4:0 + im mostly the last one alive, the prob. is i never get any kills and deaths, i just play montagne and clash.... Sad Gameplay
here is a tip:\nif you're good at the game but suddenly u can't play properly and keep losing it is time to take a break
Reflex on ash = plat
I (90%) solo queue and I’m plat 3
\"Improving aim\" \n\non console
Thx this video helped my kid a hole bunch
Or maybe they are hacking the game
no offence but im only plat on pc and u play like a fucking copper
Hey mate, \n\nLove the video, I will defo consider using the drone more often and trying to predict more xD\n\ntho I need to say, I solo queue only... I hit plat the last 2 seasons with it and was kinda satisfied with it.. but I cant manage to get things right... my placements were terrible and now I am Gold IV... fml.
I love rainbow and i am getting better add me ps4 Ceodanny
step 1- Play Ash\nstep 2- That's it
My biggest pet peeve is when a youtuber claims to have knowledge on how to get more kills. Kills are skill based and you need to play the game to develop skill, develop your style, and learn! Learning is the biggest part of rainbow and knowing the map and how to pinpoint the locations of enemies is crucial in getting your kills. Nobody can tell you how to roam, how to hold the objective, how to do anything but the basics. When you get into the game YOU WILL FAIL AND YOU WILL DIE A LOT but you will learn from your mistakes and you will become better. You will become frustrated at times and you will want to give up but if you keep playing and keep trying you will win and you will get your kills. If you dont have a team together find a team and focus on practicing your call outs as well, that can mean a huge difference in ranked and working together is a lot better and a lot easier than working alone. YouTube can not give you experience, only the game itself can. So get in there, and improve your game or get in there and teach some noobs how to play.
Hey can you help me in ranked whenever you can im stuck in gold
Anyone want to carry me in ranked?
i will name it, gimmi a car
PreFire xd
i solo queed myself to platinum...but its way to stressfull ^^ now im just playing casual and like to roll dice on op choice, better for my nerves and gets myself out of that comfort zone
I go 7-2 and sometimes 14-3 most games but I just can’t win games but I can’t understand why I play with friends who are good but we just don’t win
you cut the video completely short wtf xD
Can you make a vid about what settings you use because I've been playing for a long time but I never seem to be able to flick and play as well as you can. Also I never feel comfortable on the settings I play on so I always have to change them.
all you have to do is shoot them in the head, why doesnt anyone understand
Please dont take any of this as hate \n\n\n\n\nI'm honestly sick of seige. It used to one of my favorite games but now it just drives me insane. It takes ages just to find one game and when i finally do it's on the last round or on overtime match point. I never get to do anything before the game ends. However when i do find a game that just started, all that happens is that i get teamkilled or spawnpeeked and invited to parties by my teammates who turn out to be smart mouth and trash-talking 12 yr olds who say a bunch of racist jokes and typical \"ur mom\" jokes. All this as driven me to the point where i get so angry that it gives unhealthy heart rhythms and chest pain. I quit playing it for my own good
Hey I made it gold 2 solo queue in grim sky
3:00 so true lmaoooooo
I have temporary mains I switch like every second day I just play who I do good at on that day
Use hacks?
i don't have any friends tho :(
Ive recently started to use a new tactic for stepping out of my comfort zone (lesion, mira, sledge and buck): operator roulette. With the new update, siege randomly picks an operator for you instead of recruit if you dont pick one. So ill do an entire day or two of just not picking, and playing what I get.
Is there a good way to practice aiming and tilting like you do in your gunfights in the video?
Is a 1.5 k/d considered good?
1:50 One good tip is “Do not use lasers” because the enemy can also see the laser and know your position. I killed many players using laser by just looking at where they were aiming.
WHOEVERS DOWN TO RANK UP, XBOX 1 : ADD ME - iFerrari 420
Hey I'm diamond any tips to help me get to Uranium?
i was like \"hmm this video seems promising\" then i saw that it was on console..
Play bombs noob
when i clicked on this vid i thought it would be obvious stuff, but man this was a good video
How to add more kills... “plays secure”
Spends too much time talking money
I want to join,  but how if im cant talk english well
I think there is a problem in the end
Condoms?
Weekly challanges are so important
I am a slower more patience player, I use sound and sight to peak people quickly on console
Dude you deserve more than 113k subs
I just want to improve not to for much and hit diamond mate
hey bro what's your gamer tag on Xbox lad
Spanish ppl? ??????
You. Do. Not. Know. What. Instantly. Means.
0:28 that was a bit of a fail (look at the kill feed)
Please add me on Xbox my username is ttv mspalding05
When I solo que, I don’t drop down to copper, when I down to silver 3, then I just carry.... once I get to silver 3, then I carry to get back to silver 2....
There are so many clips where I thought \"does he even has sound on?!\" You make so dumb actions, if anyone would have thier sound on would recognize.. Eg.: 0:21 ; 3:06\nThats not the premium content I came for.. Just get a PC
Chill y you talk so fast
4:27 \nIn some cases you might be pinned up and enemy knows where you are. \nyou should peek, and then run. don’t peek it again. It’s better than being pinned down and can’t move and it’s only a matter of time before you die.
-Mira is in obj\n(Mira has just seen this video and she wants to be unpredictable)
I get in casual like 4-10 kills but in ranked i get like 3 i think its because im nervous but im not idk what is happening
8:31 Yeah, i was trying that, my teammates are dumbass roaming sausages... Looks like they don't even have a brain, gosh...
I have 1.2 kd, but i am a copper 1.
Gives tips about how to get better *memes on people*??????
Pc players are so much better
Yeah but it's console...
need a team asia ps4 anyone?
I play much better with ppl that talk and are friendly because i feel like they give me a moral boost
You should just see what you post
Trash editing
Check your outro buddy I think the audio messed up.??
Ur insane
Um. What happened at tue end?
I’m on console and I solo queue and got gold 4 for operation chimera and when me and my friends play I usually carry in casual but as soon as I hit ranked I’m like a silver 4
Wait, 7 deaths? Can't you only have 5 deaths max because there's only 5 total maximum rounds to play?
You are shit
I play on ps4
I just wqs trying a tactical move with the black eye camera's if you are in a fight and the enemy falls back throw one to get the overly of the situation
Anyone down to play
Summary .... Gid Gud
it's about the fucking ping
so hyped for the merch man ima buy it fo sure
Add me on xbox xSmeal I was plat 1 last season
What headset do you have
i went from bronze to gold 1 when i only solo qued
Solo q ing doesn't make u go low everyone just blames it because it reason to blame when going down
How to control recoil wtf who asks for that honestly
I haven’t watched many of ur videos but I’m trying to get better at bandit, can you please make a vid on that? Not bandit specifically, but maining/playing new ops, unless you already have
It's not that. Its just weird you know where they are when there out of hearing distance. Look I'm not saying you're cheating. But it looks that way. Especially being on ps4. Honestly look at this video. If you are plat or diamond and ur playing against plat or diamond then your playing at your skill level so being able to plat super aggressive 90% of the time isn't feasible. This advice is good. Just not sold on u not using an aim bot or a mapping mod. Just saying.
My biggest problem is that i sometimes just can't see em..\nMy second biggest problem is that i always get killed by the lucky headshot bastards.. literally no recoil control just lucky headshots.\nMy third biggest problem is my shots / headshots not registering (thanks ubi LUL).\nMy fourth problem is that people with high ass ping have a peak advantage on you... like srsly.. it should be the other way around.
1:04 rip
What me and my friends did is every so often we would end up picking each others operators so we would get out of our comfort zone
I'm the best at choking up a 2v1 or 1v1 u can count on me to loss the round lol
Predictably is so true... Whenever I play against lower level people I am just confused why someone would do something so stupid. And it works sometimes!
help i keep getting around 7-12 kills a round but still always loose
my first problem:\nAnxiety\n\nsecond:\nunawareness of the map\n\nthird:\nwtf do i do when im alone against the other team
what if your like me who gets around 8 kills a game in ranked, but gets like 8 deaths or 7 deaths
I am a new subscriber
One great tip that works for me is to take breaks. And I mean week long+ breaks. I got so frustrated with the game at one point I dropped down to bronze so I then decided to leave the game alone before ranking back up to gold then taking another break and finally after 111 levels I made it to platinum with a 5 win streak. I then tested to see if I got lucky but no in casual I was 1st place for 3 games straight when I used to not at all be able to get first. I wrote all this in hopes you might somehow apply this to how you play.
Add me y’all I’m new too rainbow (Soh Phyics)
Lol, KD does not matter as much as you think when ranking up. Sure you gotta do your best to kill the guy in front of you  but just being caveira for example; she's a great scout. Too many times I see people dying while playing her because they just HAVE to win a gunfight when really you could maybe get them to 50% health and slow them down AND now you know their general location! And for attack ops I always go in with Montagne when I know my team is ready to work as a team by using me for cover and listens to my fallouts about who's where in a room. It's 2v2 I'm in the obj teammate is coming in from other side of the room I have 2 guys shooting at me teammate distracts one. I then run at bandit he strikes me I walk backwards turn my body so he shoots my shield dodge another strike and strike him so he's dead. Other guy is behind cover still firing at my teammate doesn't even notice his friend got killed I rush him he turns at me my teammate rushes in and hits him with a shot but the enemy ducks and bam I strike him before he can me. I also play sledge but that's just more about me listening around and either knowing there's an enemy behind a wall so I break it or hoping there's one there lol. This is all coming from a recent platinum ranked player who WILL go on to diamond next season.
Practice your aim until you're consistent. Soloq ranked, muted everybody, sound whore to fuck and frag out with your superior aim. EZ
I normally play 30% better after busting a fat nut.
Army wannabe
Console Players move like Copper 4s that just got the game on PC\n\nThis is just insane how much difference there is in gamespeed lol
i found solo que was IMPOSSIBLE until i got to plat, there i felt almost everyone had a mic and communicated almost every game. However, even in high gold i found team after team with no communication or mics
what about high kills high deaths lol.
What's ur sens bro
Console? lol
These tips work only for controller users scrub \n\n\n\nMaybe not tip 5
8:52 what the fuck?
This game is about so much more then just getting kills. Don't kill your teammates next time btw.
why is everybody ignoring the end?? I think you made a mistake editing
I play by my self im in Diamond
By the main picture I thought you were selling everyone on more kills=high rank. Which it can just not the highest. When I go on my smurf and play low gold high silver I destroy these guys. 8-10kills consistently... But I'm in low gold... Kd don't mean shit if you can't take your team to victory.
i got 1. 3kd but im gold 3
What I'm doing wrong? I hold a tight angle but still die when I can't see them but they can easily see me. It's a great game.
Lol i solo que every time and i'm gold 4
Drop some advice i need more fps
I suck but i try i get 2k 100000000d
Me starting the game: imma play different ops today other than the usual buck with camrs \n\nme 5 minutes later: buck with camrs and the whole team is dead and I haven't even entered the building I was busy sniping geese on the roof
In all these clips he's fighting bots. Look at these reaction times. Look like silver players
0:31    trash
Thx bro u helped me
Haha used mouse on console Xbox well done .
Him \"I just got interagated\"\nMe (a can main) \" yer I'm spooky yer I interagate and I hope u shit urself when u see me\"
3:12 LOL
IM SUBBING TO EVERYONE WHO SUBS AND LIKES RHIS COMMENT
Not bad tips, but idk man i cant take a console player that seriously.
You are a tryhard tho
That first clip was just retarded. Wtf were they doing
is that a shield glitching?\n2:32
console players have terrible situational awarness there just so bad i played console siege and got 8-10 kills a game\nsome players are really good tho most are bad
Idk why but last week I have been dominating matches but for some reason this entire week I have been useless, I only got a maximum kills of 4 (It was my most recent game btw) but an average of 1 or 0 and I have been dying a lot, I'm the 1st or the 2nd or the 3rd person to die, my playstyle is the same and I have been playing  like I have been since last week so idk why I got bad
You play like a low gold lol
if that fov aint at 90 thats a no from me
7:10 also, try out new dead zones, I couldn't use acog on any guns until I lowered it all the way, now I'm dropping 5-8 kills per game. I also am gold 2 with only 3 days played
Hey what's up guys it's ur boi skinny penis
Loving the old casey neistat music
Outro audio lol
8:49 your audio back tracks, hard.
what are your console bindings
LOL that teamkill with the nitro
Make the right decision..... to copper I go
Ha jokes on you I can’t drop to copper because I’m already copper
i naturally drop 8 kills in casual at 60 percent effort but i seem to choke in ranked and i only have the rank of gold 4 and its embarrassing because im regarded as a good player among my friends but in ranked i do terribly and choke in every gun fight its a but sometimes ill go off like 2 days ago and drop 12 and 1 in a 4 round flawless win but the very next game on the very same map i went 1 and 5 plz help i feel hopeless im very inconsistent
look my problem is i have many killes and many deaths
The not being predictable part really got me. I was playing ranked and this level 200+ was playing like a level 10 and was sitting in the stupidiest places ever, but however racked up more kills more than me and wasnt even that good... We won the match but he carried us..
i solo queued and got to plat 2 in white noise
Im stuck in a limbo Bronze I - Silver  IV
idk my friend dropped 11 kills and me and two randoms all dropped 7 kills each and the last random dropped  on our team went 1-9 and we lost
Thanks for the tips these helped me get to plat 3
Im trash at this game
actually the best tip vid ive seen, I dont rly  need those tips, but really good to show my friends so they can inprove and I understand that it helps new players, well done dude
1:00 to skip all the bullshit
I solo qued into plat but my k/d took a very heavy hit
I was bronze 4 then I pushed to gold by myself (cuz none of my friends are decent) anyways yes I was solo queueing but I jumped to gold 3 without losing a match
0:30 the team kill??????
Silver White noise charm ??
I've been playing with a lot of ranked randos and am coper 4 with 1023 and need 1400 any one has a ps4 if you do add me it's girl_luicalibre
I want to play with you can I?
I’m plat 1and just can’t get that diamond consistently
fuck running from cav I hunt that THOT
At least play with one other player that's what I do and I'm almost platnum
Console vs pc. Not same skills or tactics
Lol this is on console\nReaction times of other players on console is slow af
My sensitivity on console\nVert: 100\nHorz: 100\nAds: 23\nAnything I should change or try working on?
Do you have custom condums
#BAIGE
...And that is a new subscriber
Hope this works
I did a solo queue and got Gold 3
Is anybody done to play rainbow with me on ps4 if so add me @btwyman04
I have a few main ops cav doc rook iq jackle
This is amazing... I hate the argument of pc vs console... we're all gamers, we should all love each other. However you have to acknowledge the hindrance of the controller vs mouse and keyboard... but despite this.. no joke.. you are the best console player i have ever seen and could probably beat my pc friends. <3 what a lad
I got 11 kills thank you sooooooo much
I understand my weakness, so I'm already a god
Sometimes I have low kills high deaths and other times I drop 2 aces a game
00:31 HAHAHAHAHSHSHAHA
Yesterday i got 12 kill on rang mode but i lost a rang??
I thought I could watch this and improve but I do all this anyway thanks anyway I guess
Liked subbed discord ?? ??
0:30 we all gonna ignore you killed your own teammate?
A lot of the people you kill in these clips are really bad and have no ears or team communication
please try  mouse and keyboard
These tips are false, I will never trust a console player.
Secure…
What I've noticed is that too many people want to have a high sensitivity and expect to be like Beaulo
O aways flank
when u solo que ur self to gold 2
Secure....ouch
Who da hell cares about thier kd
Does your sensitivity settings apply on above 60 fps? In my opinion, 60 is just too slow instead of 100 which for me, is a lot better.
Bro u are on console dog
Is there anyway you can make your right analog stick crouch?
How about aim down sights?
HOW TO GET MORE KILLS\n\nPLAY ASH
Don’t suck you scrub
Guys just play more and practice, start playing rank, these are usually common sense tips
How to get less deaths on ranked\n\nLeave before you die cause that doesn’t count on the scoreboard
Yay more shit I buy but never wear outside because I feel like I’m a complete idiot
Be unpredictable on defense and shift + w with ash and find a way to drop shot in 2018 and you’ll win
never listen to tips from a console player, sub plat 2 pc player, or a person who plays anything other than bomb... this guy breaks the three golden rules of siege tips
pretty bad tips
Step 1: wait until free weekend\nStep 2: make Smurf account\nStep 3: EZ KILLS
I solo que and i am plat
Great video... good way to analyze your game is to save your footage. It’s easy on ps4 not sure how easy on everything else but looking at yourself play helps a lot.
1670 hours into the game but never reached plat as my squad is so bad.  Hope to find some good people ready to join in seas.
Nice Video
And I just want to say to ppl that solo queuing isn’t a guaranteed rank loss, I got from bronze to gold on my first season playing from solo queuing.
These tips are pretty good, but you should make one for people who are higher level and generally get kills and work well in a team but still lose. An example is I generally enter from detention in border as ash and clear out roamers and lock down the hatch above so they can’t flank around from armoury. I generally get near double digits every game but I lose games quite a bit and have dropped from plat to gold.
I played 3 games today .\nFirst game 9-2\nSecond 8-3 \nThird 3-7\nI dont know what i did wrong\nDid i get to cocky\nOr was it just my luck
Why do people call solo q bad I win so much solo q or even on a team clearly if you are supposed to be in your rank your most likely not gonna have a problem winning because most players are out of place with their rank
U literally forgot that Rainbow Six is about more than just getting kills. Keep up the good work anyways !
is this casual\n??
Thank u this video got me into platinum and now I’m used to playing in platinum
RIP Bradley7272.
3:46 close call
I can use any op :))
What if a gunfight is lost purely because of hit detection?
What's a sens
Stop acting like your good, because, 1. Your a gold, who go 5points into diamond last season and been gold every other season. 2. You have a 0.9kd
What do you do if you find yourself at a much higher rank then your friends and they are all I play with I'm plat 3 last season there all like gold 4 and 3 but I love playing with them more than anything
I solo cued in ranked for a day. I drop down to copper 3 but I’m a silver now because the solo cued got me more knowledge on the game and I got a lot better
Dude is a fake. Using keyboard on console is ez mode.
I didn't even know until today that I was in ur video lol at 7:47
Any other nubs here?
Oh look ash with the r4c - _-. Because that isn't a noobish op combo.
You got fuckin destroyed by the godlynoob
Youre trash kid.
it should'nt even be about fragging its about skill
Really nice on describing the situations (:
Kills don't matter in ranked, winning the match is what matters. I've seen people with 1/3 of my k/d and are a much higher rank still
Move to PC. See how useless these tips really are
I played a ranked game against you in coastline, it was easy no offense??
Seems like u play against retards tho
I'm new to this game, what happens with interrogation. Like, when you or others do it.
am a copper because of team mates(was silver..)
I think there was an editing error in the end chaotic.
I litteraly get 0 kill sometimes
Can I borrow your enemies? Mine like to actually hold angles from every entrance
i have friends they all suck i carryed them to diamond but there hilarious too
If I’m going 12 and 1 in rank is that ok?
Lol a dude that is playing ash acog give you tips ???? don’t listen to him guy ????
I now play ella and zofia most of the time, but I will switch up for certain maps or enemy tactics. I have also started dropping much higher kill games and trying to improve my callouts when I die.
I’m a relatively skilled player and this still helped thx man
All of those r6s tips and they are all on the console. Allready sick of these clowns.
Jesus what a god, I never knew Xbox had a player like this
Lmao I solo que to plat
What about never peek from the same Angeles. E.Gchurch peeking then probe peeking not prone peek then prone peek
I used to be as good as you and had a plat 2 rank but then stopped playing because of fortnite. My kd dropped like crazy and I cant really pull in aces like I used too. Hope this vid will help
It’s really tough having a high kd in high ranks. This season my rank went from gold 4 to bronze one and back up to platinum lol. I solo queue so I really just gotta get a bit lucky. I’m consistently strong on the team though.
How about a video that shows you how to play a your role on defense
I don't have a op what do I do
How to instantly pull kills on siege umm aim for the head????
right at the end \"everybody has a main op...\" video ends
Don’t play console and you’ll automatically be good xd
Buy a good mouse
I do all these things and I still die i get about 9-12 kills a game and end up in gold with coppers and have to carry them and rank down I’ve only gotten gold1 heighest RIP maybe my team just sucks dick
What if I have multiple people I main? Like my og mains are ash and twitch and jackal but I also regularly play sledge, thatcher,hibana. On defense I play vigil,jäger,rook,maestro,bandit,ela,mira are these enough variety?
True words = Solo Queue and u will get Copper. Can't get out of silver mostly cause of randoms too (and my mic doesnt work in game)
I have a low K/D on some games...But I like to lie to myself and just say it's because I main Montagne.
0:25 \n\nworth it
You should mention, for console players :3
I solo qued i played my comp games and got ranked in Gold 3 lol is that ok?
Xbox one THEMOB123 I’m a decent player
What about high kills high deaths? My sens is 100 and 100 with above average aim
i am diamond and i agree with what u say but on the other hand u have to understand people lack patience and get bored like me for example i hit diamond using my skills and play safe i hit diamond then become over aggressive and over confident(cocky) because other wise i get bored
this friend shit is bullshit and making friends is bullshit everyone favors youtubers then anyone else FUCK THAT gotta solo queue everyone is just a annoying little kid or some fucking freakaziod
What if you have bad headphones
What do I do if I get high kills (10) and medium deaths (5) I'd say that's about average for me
Am in console have no friends to play with??
I call caviera the scary ghost caviar
Your not even that good ur potato
NO FREINDS MONKAX
Can I play
1.4 kd...and i am still a sliver 1 need a better team
Custom dildos
I average 6 kills per game and 6 deaths.
What if I'm level 120?
8:40 just use U and make sure you are not a 12 year old :)\n\nAlso i liked the video, but the caveira part is a bit... moving with team is not a safe ticket, also you can move alone if you know how to counter her which is actually nothing else than to lookout for these tips and increase your spacial awarness to 300%.\nThere were times i killed an entire team with her, and there were times i killed caveira in 1v1. All depends on game knowledge.\nI only came for this video cause i am a bit rusty nowadays and actually these are good tils better keep these in mind.
Dude just get kills b
ps4 add me gold2 brother_maleik
I found this to be no help .. Also my videos are far superior
Okay just because you die it doesn’t mean you got into an engagement
I want you to be my friend though????
I just dont understand my consistency or luck. I think I'm cursed tbh. If you ask any if my friends what a sign that we will lose the game is, they will say \"Eli going positive\" because for whatever fucking reason every game I go positive we lose.\n\nAnyway back to being consistent, one game I can go 13 - 4 but next game I'll go 3-6. I thought maybe I'm just better in certain maps but that theory was busted when I got chalet twice in a row and did exactly what I said. Idk what's changing between these games but I would like to fix it :((((
What if your good sometimes but trash most of the time?\n\nPS i subbed
What do you mean by play with a team. You play with a team every game. Just the fact people don’t talk
good content got my subscription ????
u have rly good aim for xbox
I dont have a main operatot
1 : play jager \n2 : play ash \n3 : play vigil \n4 : play Blackbeard\n5 : use drones/cameras\n\nEz clout
that audio at the end was a bit fucked
Thanks for this video, it really helped me identify what I’m doing wrong
You sound extremely like my dad who always watches me play and tell me the what to do  in every type of situations I guess life experience helps in games cause he is a retired swat officer
not everyone is rich enough to buy them all :)
I’m rank 56 and a smurf account (which was rank 351) called me a pro player.. am I actually so good?
What did the librariansay to the child?\n\n\nRead more
My ranked kd is 1.8 im still bronze 2... i just started playing Again tho.. i improved the kd from 0.7
Your discord isn't letting me talk in the messages
I'm trying to get diamond but I'm trash I play ps4 and I'm trying to get carried so if u good message me on ps4 it's Boss_gamer_7400
im a diamond why am i watching this lmao
Ouch every advices striked me on point
i'm really overaggressive which is good in certain cases cause the enemy won't expect it usually but i always rack up death so much
how is someone who has a 0.9 kd showing everyone how to get kills, lol.
?? play an op too much I never have that problem I have 7 or 6 ops I play on each map I have no main! Any ways great vid help me out a ton
Has anyone,on reflex,shot a clone. Idk why she is supposed to be good,I have never shot them on purpose
Whats your xbox name
What about me I do good or aful and thers no mit
I need a team, i am not a noob as well as a pro i play a decent game, just need some players who'll play with me, i've been playing this game alone for 5 months.
I normally go 7 and 3 in ranked on pc is that good
You're emphasizing the wrong goals. Kills aren't a focus. Winning is. A lot of high tier players have a k/d less than 1.0 But they win.
You don’t need to put the idea that the game is for kills, this will influence more three speed mains playing aggressive for kills than more team based operates who don’t often get as many kills
Thx for the tips this has actually improved my gameplay a lot!
That was the most accurate description of confidence and cockiness I’ve ever heard
you messed up the cut at the end
ps4 methods not gonna help me in pc :|
i literally solo q to Cooper 4
If you want to drop more kills and have better accuracy play on pc
I like to play as an anchor (mira, rook, doc, lesion, maestro...) and i always end up with low kills, low deaths. Either my team (we are usually 3-4 premades) always kills everyone before they get into the objective or im the only one left and i die in a 1 vs 5. I know, ur going to tell me this cant happen every time, well, it does, and i don't know what to do anymore. I can't improve my skills if the only time i get to shoot someone is in a 1 vs 4 situation where i get fucked every time.
0:42 He list the stuff that people asked
He never talked about Recoil...?
Lol nice outro
Ewwww wtf why do u have subtitles on
Any tips for dealing with keyboard and mouse players on console? It's becoming a issue when their reaction time is better. I play on both pc and console so it not hard to tell when they are using a keyboard and mouse.
What I do with my sensitivity is I started it at 20 20 and then every 2-3 games increased it by 2-4 points each. It’s honestly helped so fucking much
I’m inconsistent
u use keyboard
Become an ash main
Step one: Dont worry about it, if you support the team it doesnt matter what kill you get.
we live in a society
never listening to you because everyone that plays on console is braindead
if those are diamonds you playing....console makes me sad, and im not even talking about the fact that mouse and keyboard are more accurate, im talking about those time when you just creep up next to them. so sad console sucks, you probably playing 12 year old most of the time
What’s your sensitivity at?
Dont look some shit like this ... all u need to do is play
Hah jokes on you incant drop to copper if I'm already there lol I need friends xD
It’s PS4, just watch pro league or pro players, that’s what PC is and it’s more difficult Cos I hadn’t play PS4 in ages and today I played it today and I went 15-0 in ranked against diamonds and plat so
I don't have pc or ps4
After playing siege for over a thousand hours, I'd say my biggest piece of advice for anything in the game is that ranked doesn't have any correlation to skill and you shouldn't really be concerned about your rank. Remember, ranked is still in beta and has been for over 2 years with barely any changes to the ranking system. And honestly it's gone backwards. It used to almost mean something, but now it's literally random. You can be gold in one season and do amazing and next season be copper and then next season be diamond. Smurfs, throwers, people who got boosted, hackers, and all of those people will appear in every rank. And it's not just me, ranked has been in beta for such a long time and they STILL don't take how well you perform in a match into account at all. All that matters is winning or losing, and they're pretty much random
8:50 ...?
I was an ash main\nTried twitch and jackal became good at them and worse at ash
How do I find good people to play ranked with, all my friends who play are dumbasses and if I solo queue I get placed with people who are also stupid and leave
I do really good in casual. But for some reason I do bad in ranked
I solo qued and I’m noe copper 1
I dont have Friends and solo que but i am gold 1 ??
baaaaad
I’m gold one trying to get plat 2 back my kd is  fine I just clicked to tell ya is there any way to improve teammates
i like being copper 4 when ur copper 4 everybody underestimates you lol
I played at the end of Op Chimera, and finished as Silver II, bow I'm stuck in bronze and I'm awful........
1:05 says understand ur weakness and at that exact moment lol
Hey ur audio is a repeat at the end i think u put in the wrong audio it the repeat of the low kill low death
But my Main is tacahnka
Every day or two I change my main so I'm good with a lot of them...
Corey I think the audio was corrupted at the end btw
You have a .9kd??
the amount of time this guy shot thru solid walls, i see im not the only one dying to this
I only liked cause of \"bars\"
I solo queue all the time and I’m Gold
Hey I’m in the video at 3:46 I died lol
Im good but everytime i join my teamate is bad so i keep  losing in ranks whos has the same problem?
I think you’ve been making good tips my friends always ask me to help teach them but I’ll just recommend them your videos keep up the hard work and thank you for making good content
first tip dont play on console..
i never PULL out ;)
just git gud
Whats with the outro? You repeated the same audio
How to get more kills on siege, one tip, DONT PLAY ON CONSOLE
Am a good player if I always play solo and I’m plat 1
Noobi
Can you help me I don’t know when to stop peeking and when I stop and turn and peek another angle I get shot from the old angle
Looks like the ppl you’re playing are just trash... they hear you going for a run out but don’t bother reacting...
I solo que on PC, Gold 2. Play with my (trash) friend on PS4, bronze 1.
Yo dude, I'm lvl 286 and I was messed up atm cause I haven't played for a while, then i watched the how to get higher k/d video then I tried his sensitivity (but my horizontal is 74 and my ads is 60) then suddenly my aim drasticly changed and it was so good, because of that video, I finally convinced myself to change my sensitivity, then it worked, b4 I watched the video I always think that if I change my sensitivity, my aim will get even worst (because that happened to me b4) so, yeah tho, don't be afraid to change guys, probably it will make u better.
Did u say caviar ? ??
y u bully that dokkaebi
y u bully that sledge...
Best part about this channel is you play on Xbox so i know being a god on console is possible
You can easily get Plat 2 by SoloQ.
Is you sensitivity 26 vertical 80 horizontal and 20 ads or is its 20 vertical 80 horizontal and 26 ads
Why the laser sight? Just curious, I understand the hipfire aspect but is there any other reason? Do the pros outweigh the cons for it?
It's Going To BE Fire\n\n\n\nFree beans
Wtf contêiner e eze
All of u guys need to know and learn the objective of the game not  become Ash mains
What about pulling the bitches
I'll have you know I have over 40 hours in ash how dare you ever tell me to change my op
Did you tk with that first nitro in the intro? ??????
I change my main every one or two days.. i just got bored so quickly
well, In my opinion, solo queueing forces you to play your best at all times, because if you play with a and reach plat, it means less when when you can solo queue and work with randoms and then reach gold 1. I think that yes, if you solo queue you will be teamed with the most unfit, but you can force yourself to a new mindset which is just to \"carry\" your team.
I was gold four and I start to playing ranked by my myself and than I got to platinum three
You'd go crazy if u see my clips, I literally did everything u said not to do lol
No matter how many vids I watch I’m still trash
Solo q and I'm in gold Bru on pc
best yt ever
TAKE MY SUB YOU GLORIOUS BASTARD\n\nseriously this is actually really insightful. it's not just \"here's some obvious bullshit that every other channel repeats\"
Xbox 1:  TWITCH NJNYCKID
Interrogated by who?
solo cue is fine though, just talk in game chat, if you are a high gold and above with a decent kd you will find decent teammates too I usually have two teammates doing something bad like 2 - 1 - 5 but Including myself there will always be two or three players doing even and positive.
1-have a good internet\n2-play
i normally go 4 and 4 most games it not becuz im bad its just my roll in my team is to anchor and most of the time my team just kills all the enemy team
what do you do when you don't know who to play?
So I very rarely have more deaths than kills but my kd is still .9... why
soloQ drop to copper XD its not that bad. the only bad part is when your first `10 games go  bad or you drop in silver cancer ranks. even when you have the best skill ever. if your team just one tap your whit a deagle just becous the can. you wil never win.
low rank players harder. one silver always teamkill on console.   2 gold players on pc are so bad that the tactics work. and plat and daimonds is the wey to go. ez games nice games no BS no trash playz
Wait, you are giving advice on how to get good at this game on a damn PS4? LOL!
Tip number 2 is so true. I have a Smurf account and I die so much because I don't know what their going to do
lol my first game on after watching this I went 9 and 0
Says play different ops but uses only ash, 11/10
I'm down to fuck.
ChaoticLFS \nLFS: Looking For Sex?\nI think yes!
You kind of sound like athlean-x
Music ??
Love the content man
I see that you play console and I was wondering how to avoid jamming on buttons while trying to aim, if that’s just a problem I need to work on you could just tell me
The main problem I have is trying to overcome possible situations/obstacles in that small time frame of the last 30 seconds or so. For Example:\n\n\nLet's say this is Secure and I'm on defense. Im roaming or some shit, and I didn't realize that the second to last guy on my team died, and now attackers are securing. I get there, but it's the last 30 seconds or so. I don't have enough time, so I may make the right or horribly wrong mistake when trying to contest securing.\n\nIs there any way you could enlighten me on how I should handle this type of situation?
Lemme touch ur peepee good sir
Thank you realy this video help me continue the good wrk
Keyboarding?
You should do a series of videos that goes in depth with all of these topics.
For people who want to rank up in ps4, add me : kingbadlex, im plat 1 with 1.4 kd and have a friend who is diamond with 1.8 kd, only eu server
You forgot to mention the #1 rule. Rank doesn't matter.
not acceptin tipps drom a console player
How to get better aim step 1 play on pc
I only get cocky and kill greedy so I won't peek unless Ik I can
Well you could get skilled and cheat to reach diamond
Thanks
But kills dont mattee i ave 6 and up kills u just need to be a team player and Atleast get a good amount of kills
But you play on console ?????
how to get good aim: turn your sens and ads down and dont be a try hard
console
My highest rank is gold 1 was like 10 points off ranking up but I was playing solo ranked because I have no friends that play siege anymore they all play fortnite br all day anyone down to play sometime that would be cool I play on xbox
Why is everyone so bad on the opposing team lol
Why always on console fuck ?! Play diamond on pc zzz pussy
I went from copper2 to plat today the fuck
does anyone else get that audio glitch at the end were suddenly after saying \"hit that subscribe\" it just jumps back to him talking about the 2 kill, 2 death situation
Good video
brah
you should have more spaces for Ranked on P.C.
You should name you collection K.O T H I C C
Console xd
I went from gold 3 to copper in one day my teammates can't get any kills tand when I die we lose i usually go 15 & 4 most the time but I need  ppl to play with my \n\nMy psn is Silentrageclan I have mic hmu if u wanna play
thanks man this really helped
You earned a sub
I cant hear footsteps or rappelling they are completely silent. I cant hear myself or others so ppl just run up behind me with 1 spd rook and knife me plz help. In on xbox aswell
Why is good kd important...I don't mind having 2 kills 4 deaths every game if I play the obj and work in order for my team to win...
My main defense operators are Jager Vigil Rook Doc and Lesion\nMy main attack operators are Sledge Ash Buck Blackbeard Hibana Lion and Capitao\nLOL XD
Well in PS4 there are only 5% of players who use game chat
Is 8-3 good? Plz can u tell me how to improve from that, cos I feel like I can do better (other then learning maps)
There’s nothing wrong with solo queuing I’m on console and I used to play with friends and they were sweatys and I would drop to gold 3 or around that when I would play with them now I solo que and I’m plat 1 and I don’t communicate which yes imma bad teammate for that but good video
Boy these tips r jus logic
i rarely do anyone theres and i mostly get a postetive kd
This is click bait af
When I bought r6s in the first day i found a good sensitivity ,and what about if the guy kills 7 and dies 7?
Uhh did anyone else notice something very different in 8:50 on the video?
So i heard you mention droning rooms first...my issue with that is, i noticed in ranked it becomes difficult to drone because i have so little time to actually get to obj. Ive had a ton of games where i droned 2 or 3 rooms first and i found i only had 30 seconds remaining to get on obj and either plant or secure. Is there something im not getting or that im doing wrong?
R6 is so bright on Xbox!
Well guys im -128 in copper four and i wish i was joking
From the beginning I used every operator so I could have good knowledge with every operator. Sure I'm better with some than others but at least I know how to play with them all.
I’m i the only one who got a weird audio glitch at the end of the video
I sent this video to my copper friend with a low kd hope it helps
Just asking because I'm looking for headphones that are really good for siege because rn i am decent but if i heard footsteps i would be a pro.Are the headphones you listed in the description good?
Solo q for life
8:49 Now let's analyze the player that gets 2 kills.... Uhm ok??
Bars ????
Hey I would love to join your discord but the link keeps bringing me to the App Store? Is there an invite code I can use? I’m a newb at discord so I apologize if that’s a stupid question.
Step 1: get a pc \nStep 2: play a lot
Formation reward dangerous sophisticated statistics ratio other ongoing cigarette recognize
\"Listen to movement\"\n\n- Villa
no matter how u play always drone out before u walk in a room and bring drone back to u tip 2 save drone after u find obj so dont spot
Plat. 2
I solo and I got play 2
Even tho it’s console it’s a good vid
Do I trust him cuz console players suck ass. Console diamond plays a lot like pc gold
I always get mvp with high kills, low deaths in ranked, but I still always lose games and I’m trapped in copper. Would anyone suggest how to get out of the endless loop?
0:27, sledge ??
So why would you impact when your team mate is already there?
Funny thing is all your gameplays are like against silvers or lower thats kinda stupif while saying how to improve i can hold a 12KD or so when i would play against silvers all day
1:00 thank me later
ur bad
playing siege on console is gaming suicide
Sensitivity
Taking advice from a gold who plays secure...
Nice Thumbnail
Console is way too easy lol
Once I watch dis vid I know more shit now even when I'm a gold 2
Half the time I die it’s because the trash ass hit reg and headshots don’t count
Your aim is shit
I have a probably I don’t have one main op and that is my problem I am not great with any op but I am decent with all ops
I solo queued into plats that threw the game I'm now a bronze 4 someone help me my Xbox gt is jellyfamduke
Recently Found this channel and is now my favorite
Love ur content dude keep up the great work
Solo queuing doesnt mean u will drop down to copper, i got from silver 3 to platinum 3 only by solo queuing
Just get a copper 4 on other server
I pretty much only solo Q. And im in gold but ive ahd days where i drop multiple double digits in a row while losing them then have a 4-3 game amd win????
I’ve been plat 3 every season since operation health, and I can’t seem to get higher. This season I hit plat 2 solo queuing somehow, doing nothing different than the other seasons. I think I just need teammates that can carry their own weight.
I'm always going solo, because whenever I am playing with friends I can't be serious and I'm not focused.
What if your better when you solo
custom dildos ?
Secure area diamond Oof. Pretty sure ur boosting rank too cause on ur coastline clip that black beard didn’t even look when u used an impact on the doorway. \n\n\n\nOh wait it’s Xbox nvm all Xbox players are trash at siege
Just use hacks
hey look road to copper 4 is really really fun theyre really bad and being #toxic is fun fun fun
Do I need to get the fire extinguisher?
I solo que and fluctuated between silver and copper dropping 8-12 kills. And in console I’m between silver and gold dropping 8-15 kills. All solo que. Fucking kill me
I solo smurf and am moving up cause I talk my teammate I actually like over having my teammates because they don’t like giving out call outs they rage way to much
Best video eva
Thank you! I was stuck on gold 1 since the start of velvet shell! My mistake was that I was too cocky and and too aggressive, in some matches you could see me with 14 kills and I other you could see me at the bottom of the leaderboard, i tried to be less aggressive and now I die almost 2 times less, finally got to platinum!!! I play in ps4\n\n\n\n(I want to change to pc rn ??, but I don't have money to but r6s or friends to play with, and I talk Spanish and a bit of English, that's why I'm shy and don't want to go into discords and talk to people because I feel like a dumb person trying to talk in English properly ??)
Da DISCORD!
But what if you play on console ... lol
Yo bro hmu on ig prinetime300
Good vid already have a high kid but watched just in case it raised it and it did good vid.
I have my sensitivity at 25 vertical and 60 horizontal
what's the music at 7:49
This is all well and good but my problem is with consistency, sometimes I'll got 11-0 then the very next game I'll go 2-2 and then get smashed 2-7
I dropped at 4K listing to this ??
Why kind of controller do you use
I wash bad i was a copper 4 but then 1 improved and now im plat 2
Play some more PC
What’s ur rank
well the game is all about teamwork if you play with friends, but when you play solo your teammate not going to communicate with you the entire game which is quite stressful without know where your enemy are and lose all the way.
I spawnpeek the same window and it got me an ace
Ch0ice
Poor sledge
You even potatoe ?? you trash
Just play pc
U got new sub bro
Is he keyboard and mouse?
my enemyes make all of this WRONG and still killing me with a ONE fucking shot on the arm
Solo Q is not that bad i do better when solo than in squad
Step 1: Don't be a faggot, go play bomb. Secure is trash\nStep 2: Don't use ACOG on console  if you do your fucking bad\nStep 3: Find your sens in T hunt you should land consistent headshots \nStep 4: Calm the fuck down you can get your elo back\nStep 5: Realize that kills don't mean fuck all there are plenty of PL players with sub 1.0 kd's, as long as you can play your role effectively and you make good decisions and plays your fine.
My friend played with u when u were at 600 and told me about u he said ur rly nice and that he would love to play again
Who else been subbed since 600
I already pull an5.5 I’d but I still can’t get out of gold
Just watched the while vid and dropped 8-0
You get better.
I have my KDA 1.0 because i like to pretend i suck XD
6:08 i hate to be that guy, but shit like that just only happens on console. Even the worst of the worst on pc know  how to shoot and turn and hear, you literally pushed an ash who stood still...
Gr8 vids man literally watch everyone keep it up
People still care about rank and kd? Wow
Always if i hear sr25 or mk17 gun and i know where the shooting is coming from i never peek there
It's hereditary baby ??
Great Video!
I play too aggressive and challenge the enemy, usually i win.
Do you have any tips to make my headshots register??? I have analyzed my own gameplay and it seems that my headshots no registero. Pls help
Please stop playing secure area
Ur a Gold...\nWhat do u even know dude
Fake video I solo queued and got to gold ??
...\nSupport and comms aren't judged by KD\nSo saying \"get more kills in the situation\" is garbage\nI think you mean, play Secure Area\nI've never even been plat II, I just don't play enough\nBut I GUARANTEE you, I'll easily get diamond on XBox, and bring my KD up fron 1.0 to 1.5+\nSecure area is literally where you go to get your rank and KD higher, because the objective is to rush\nAll you need to do is get control of 1 site, and the retake timer is half The time of bomb\nSo when the enemies idiot teammates reinforce every wall, all your teammates need to do is watch the one doorway all the roamers have to enter\nAll your other tips are good though, and I applaud you for that. They're pretty dank brother. Keep that up. \nBut some pros have terrible KDs and go 0-10 in a series\nBut they used their utility, droned teammates, and made call outs\nWhich is me, took me ages to get my KD to 1.0 because I'm ALWAYS support
Misstake number 999 Dont be a fcking Console player
Headshots
I don’t have friends to play with
Lol ur nitro cell killed a teammate too
What’s your guys favorite 1x scope or to dumb it down reflex red dot holographic
Almost all your plays are ash plays dude
I deleted the Game because of this reason LEL
3:32 is the hardest one ??????
“ good shit Bryan “
Nice vid bro
Step one download aimbot \n\nStep 2  get banned \n\nNow no one will know about ur kd
I like the low key promo for the discord lol
Wait but I solo queue and I’m a plat ll
Thank buddy totally agree with everything you said and this video did make me better ????
I just need average platnium teamates, me and another guy will probably carry
First video I’ve seen from you and it’s a great video keep up the work
Nice vid but i dont like my teamates im still in gold and i los 4/5 times because of them and my friends arent always on
Been playing for ever and been plat 70% of the time. This season I’m not even gold 1
This looks SOOO much easier than PC and it’s gold and platinum!! Makes me want to start playing on console.
Can u make a video about ur loadouts plzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz
i used to be a gold 1 and plat 3 player... but now in these days i am gold 4 and 3, sometimes even silver 1 ?? idk kno man its like that my aim is bad now, i dont see people and i just like run past them and my reaction time is just bad
Respect putting jid on the outro
Need to get on your discord need a name or something need a team can't go down to bronze besause playing with no team is shit inv
my dude i didn't learn anything because i am good enough and knew what to do, BUT i still rly enjoying your vids and it's great to make these videos for helping people with being better, love u and your vids!
What’s the average kd for r6. I want to compare mine btw
I solo que alot and im far from copper lol but i also play with a squad im plat 3 almost 2
i dont have friends on siege an saying that ill go  bronze im a solo queue diamond zaino 4g is gamertag so go f urself man i thuoght u were a good youtuber but ur promoting urslf in a way tat people  wil not be able to reffuse becuse they will go to copper or bronze etc
excellent vid ty
I have a question,in siege,aggresive and smart is my playstyle and it works 90% if the time,why doesnt it work that 10%?
Solo queueing got me to Gold 1, with a squad I got to plat 3. Learn how to play by yourself first to improve yourself. Then join a squad.
How do I fix my hit reg?
I have fucking 16 kills and 7 deaths is that good or bad?
.9KD making a video on how to improve KD? XD <3
I solo que quiet often, still diamond and still holding it every season. No idea why people are against solo
What is your sens dead zones and ads
Hey found ur channel cause you played with my friends love your videos will you please add me at : XxItzJosexX
easy for you to say your playing on console and with coppers.........
thanks this help me with my rainbow skills now I can improve keep up the hard work
I drop an average of 5-8 kills per match, but I'm not climbing at all. I usually play with one or two people and I'm usually top fragging. I give callouts to the best of my ability, I'm trying to find fault in my gameplay and I can't. Is it me or my teammates?
If my first ever game on pc is 7-1 is that normal
I solo que to plat every season so... I’m copper
I am a solo quege plat 3 so don't listen to what he said about his discord he is just promoting
Just send it bro and what are these clips this is why pc is better then console
I’m a siege God in PS4 but this really helps me when I don’t play after a while or rusty. Thanks
Make custom condoms
When you only solo queue and youve ranked gold since red crow ;-; but in all seriousness working in a team is alot better but if they cant hold their own or dont have enough experience they can also hinder you so I suggest playing against and with each other a large amount of times so you can all grow as a team too.
Or you can soloque and improve faster as a player
Please check me out im new x https://youtu.be/9SukfHitigU
Once I was playing against literal level 1 players on oregon (I was level 150)(on lan). Obj was kids room. So I went to basement tunnel area and started watching cams to see where should I flank from. All of a sudden I got knifed !!! Bcz the plyr thought we were at basement ?????? bcz we took it last time and then couldn't bcz we won. Unpredictability at its best with noobs.
0:13 what happened there i wanna know!!
Just a quick question do u have any good Xbox players in that discord? Me and my friends sort of uh separated
Lol he put bradley7272 on the spot rip
Improvements on your side would be -\nPlay Bomb over secure. (Bomb players are generally better. A plat two - One is around the same level as the secure diamond.)\n\nTo improve anyone's aim.\nIf you have bad stick movement in a dead zone of the controller, either replace the thumb stick or buy a new controller\nPlay T-Hunt
0:30 lol
I solo qued to plat 1. Quite happy with that tbh
Sadly I don't have any friends and somehow mangoes to get to plat 1 while solo queuing
Which barrel should i use for ash
Say it with me CA-VEI-RA
That being to predictable clip still is insane to me
0:31 lmao you tked also
I was playing with u on pc and u plugged in your console controller and shredded better than me lol
7:15 (5th tips : play with M&K)
I’ll save u 9:18 it’s called git gud scrub
SOLO QUEUE TO COPPER!!! HERE WE COME!!!
i soloqueu but im in plat
What if I went 22 and 4 ?? I'm still in gold limbo
Another thing I want to point out that I think should have been mentioned, is quickpeeking while firing in close range. Do this in close range only if you have no cover and you're in close range. What quickpeeking does is shake your head left and right and makes it harder to shoot.
This cunt’s FOV ??
This applies to PC to? Lmao. Good vid bro.
Bro I checked r6db and your stuck in silver so don’t give tips when your shit yourself
Finding a team on xbox is not easy, I'm usually forced to solo q and usually my team doesn't have mics, or they just plain suck
Your fucking discord is fucking toxic as shit sort it out just came on and got fucking hate towards me straight away fucking sort it
I’m watching this because I have a good K/D ratio and I wanted to see if you had some tips that I use so I can be proud of myself. I am noe thanks to u. The Never Story was a mastapiece btw
What about people getting tunnel vision in a 1 v anything, and just stare down one door untill they hear fiftheen seconds left and shit there pants.
Hey i solo que and i didn’t get a bad rank i got plat 3
My technique of attack is don't rush. Always drone out your path first and always always always be ready to take out a roamer which you need to hear so wear a headset.
bars...
to socially awkward sorry cant
Damn cant wait for them socks
Is there a way to lean without aiming first on console?
IMPROVE YOUR K/D\nOR\nIMPROVE YOUR KID???
Who plays on ps 4 or x box
i wonder why many ppl use laser sight on ash ?
I always love the music in your out-roes
Thanks my dude, definitely gonna be sending this to kids going 1 and 5 in my ranked games ????????
I find tht now I don’t really have a main anymore I just use whoever lol
KD TOTALLY MATERS RIGHT NOPE
Just wondering if you are using any kontrolfreeks?
#chaoticlps the thing is is that every time I play ranked I’m against lvl 300s and 280s it’s too hard I’m only lvl 152
Can’t join the discord because this link changes??
I climbed from copper 1 to gold 4 in three days thanks to this!
Thx for the tips I started using other operaters and started using cav and got an interrogation every round and I'm not good at the game
you are AMAZING my guy.
This is honestly the best video on how to get better at siege for console.
I hate my internet like when ever I get near a enemy I lag and when I lay like 5 bullets to his head then he shoots me 2 times in my chest and I die but not him
Great video man just subscribed
When ever I solo que I usually win
My friend made a pretty excellent point the other day. He said people who solo que usually suck and that’s why they have no one to play with. Since they’re bad. From the people I’ve encountered who solo que in ranked this seems to be true.
I really enjoy these videos. You have made my gameplay much better, especially the aim part. I used your sensitivity but I didn’t like it so I lowered it to 40. Keep up the videos and never stop. <3??
Kd and kills mean nothing
Do a video of what to do in a 4v5 or 3v5 for the full game
Dude ur my favorite rainbow ?? YouTuber, I’m buffalogamers brother
I’m a ash and bandit main
I'm not gonna lie I was nervous that game I played against u
Yo man I fuck with the outro
Who cares about kd
What's is your sensitivity ?
Am i aloud to join jour disvord \nBut i hav a ps4
You sound dutch lol
yep played a game where the same guy peeked 3 times i killed him once and he died 2 more times by my team in the same window everytime lol
Wut follow YA BOI? Thats my smurf lol
Best xbox content creator out here man.
I always drop a lot of kills just watching for the fun
Ya boi can play anyone but glaz
Im solo. And im in gold star
What if your shots are just plain out not registering
ANALIZE
U ever gonna play on pc again?
yoy mean shitbeard
I've had my main acount since I was a bronze but I played with my gold and play friends an my k.d is 0.73 and need 40 odd more kills than deaths to get raise it by 0.01 even though I go positive every game
Jesus Christ people still play that game bro I hit diamond every season since dust line and that shit just got so boring and now it's unrealistic asf you got niggas making holograms of themselves or cams that cannot be shot out or  drones that are invisible and get your ass drunk like bro that game is so wack now
Well my problem is the more I play the game the worse I get I used to be a god
Fooking normies reeeeeeee
Dropping merchandise like a mixtape.. We cant wait to get that ??!!!
Just wanted to say thanks. I've had plat every season so far I took a break this season and only hit gold one. I sat back and watched you tips videos glad to say it has put me back on track. I just hit plat this season. Thanks
The confidence part is very important because I only had 6 bullets in a clip in a 1v1 and had no time to reload and said I was going to loose but I ended up hitting all 6 of my shot and won the round
I solo queue a lot and sometimes play with friends but i generally solo queue casual because i dont play ranked alone cuz no one gives callouts. In rank me and my mates arent super good. Ive been gold 4 and silver 1 three times now
My video paused at the right moment and it said; tip #1: ANAL
It won't let me join the discord, everytime I click accept invite it just takes me to a link to download discord but I already have the app
Awesome ass tips but one thing if I stop playing with my main operator i get butt raped dropping like 2 kills and like 7 deaths or worse fucken no kills but 7 deaths ????????
I understood much of the video but i cant know all because i'm not the best on english so if someone can resume this video in Spanish for me it'll be great, Thanks.
These are valid points, but this is coming from a ex-diamond with a .93 kd, maybe YOU should improve your kd before making a vid about it telling people how to improve their kd
Chaotic, you're one of the few YouTubers that actually help, your video where you help with sensitivity and peeks really helped my aim. Thanks man. Wish I could play with you sometime :D
I saw one video and i like it so im going to subscribe to you. ??
i joined ur discord but i do alot of these things but im still stuck in gold can u help
Is 5 kills 2 deaths good for console gold 2?
Damn boi. Already becoming a sell out and you're not even at 100k yet?
2 tips for you bro - 1- Dont walk into rooms you know have enemy’s in then un ADS’d - 2- Lower your horizontal sens and you WILL have way better aim. And do you play with diamonds? Other than that good vid bro
Nice video subbed liked and i think those tips are really helpful unlike others
Well Im gold ll and my friends gold l at the moment I had 10 kills and my friend about 7 and I got 3 teammates who were like level 30 (not smurfs) and none of them got kills.. They were silver 4,2. I don't understand the matchmaking..
What about players getting high kills and high deaths?
Thank you for the tips man
Nice
well solo queue dropped me to copper XD
Did he say tit number one
Huge fan, thz for the tips
I mean. I guess I'm the lucky one. I only solo que and I'm plat 3
I really need help bro, I’m losing kd and I can’t get out from gold 1 I feel weak
I sub just cuz JID????
Bet you anything haters say “I was dissapointed”
Recommend not to play same op each clip plays ash
Bars, bro your awesome
How come I never played against you and I’m a diamond who are you ???
Just need gaming socks. Just kidding, nice video as always! Been here since 10k (which is not that early but he’s grown so far, keep it up chaotic!)
0:20 bruh you're teammate must have been salt
These actually help a lot especially that sensitivity tip from the last episode
I’m sorry dude but you have a .9 KD and are only gold 2 this season. what makes your opinion worth listening to?
This is funny
Can you do a plat to diamond vid. I have been making plat and doin most you say but can’t make the final push to diamond
eshkitit?
For recoil tips, play thunt (normal-copper to bronze, hard-silver to mid gold, realistic- high gold to diamond) and play your fav ops. Once a day and ya get the hang of crosshair placement and your guns recoil. Try to swap out the vertical grip asap to get the advantages of a faster ads for being caught with your pants down. Also, every operator has gadgets for a reason, some for mobility (impacts/breach) and some are for making your enemy your b*tch (stuns/every trap op ever). Abuse everything that is available and at the least, work with your team. If they are trying to clutch stay quiet unless they are about to get flanked. My thoughts...
Like insta or snap
Not on discord
Is there a way we can talk
The told me PS4 daimond is copper on PC but im like Daimond on PC but Copper on console XD
I solo queed the whole way to gold 4 (it’s still bad but still) I have been silver for so long until para bellum and thx for the tips n tricks
Be my dad?
Custom condoms
Why do you use laser?
Your forgetting a very important thing, headshots don’t always work
All you really need is a good gaming chair
I was a plat 3 with a 1.7 kd and I stopped playing for some weeks now I'm a silver 4 1.4 kd not getting better I always play with the same team and im prob gonna join your discord btw I rarely do casual im ranked even without warm-up
I can get 4 or 5 kills whit any op so tip 3 is on lock down (exept jackal )
Thx your vid really helps????
Poppin’ off
Thx for the tips
as a player since alpha (diamond to) these tips are pretty good ??\nXbox Gt: TwoMuchFlick
Console lol
Sweet, I didn't even realize this was out until an hour afterwards!
Kills his teammate on accident 0:28
I can’t play on my main account I got banned for 7 days for reasons
Ez solo queue to plat 2 then deranked to plat 3 feelsbadman lmao
Fam can’t wait for merch
When I first started playing rainbow around level 10 my aim was trash and my friend was in the 100s and he ran away from a black beard and told me not to peak him so I did and somehow got a head shot after a full clip
Whould totally buy a shirt
Just followed, and glad to!!!
Awesome tips man. Can't wait to start trying them out
Basically what he is saying guys is...   -Play tachanka or ur gonna suck!!??????
What sensitivity do you guys use on console? I use 80 horizontal and 30 vertical
Pssst K/D doesn’t matter
Ok so I have a 1.1 kd, no one cares and I don’t even care. I win rounds and give me teammates the chance to frag out.
Why did this say it was uploaded 23 seconds ago when I’m an hour lat?
wun owa ago
Greatest tip of all use the SMG 12
Just have people that'll carry you and win every match.
Just hit plat 3 two days ago and I feel like I owe it to you. Not only are your tips and tricks videos extremely helpful but watching your gameplay also teaches me a lot about flicking and pixel peeks. It’s amazing to have come from knowing nothing about how to play this game to top 5.5% of the world in just under a year. Thanks for everything I love what you do.
Great informative video! However I feel like their could be more things you could of mentioned. Besides that AWESOME VIDEO ??
Do a face reveal and one for all of your friends plsssssss. Love the channel brother
3:28 should have let Brian die first
Good advice??.....I don’t even know what to comment anymore?????????//also the merch better be freaking fire??
m e r c h ?? ??
253 likes 0 dislikes good job
Nice tips, especially considering you have a negative KD.
In the beginning of the video, did you speed up your talking to get the video under 10 minutes?
Settings?
wow no like on the fat ass cock comment, you you aint a homie tf??
What if 7 out of 10 times I'm 10-3 but the other 3 times I'm 2-7
Whenever I switch my main, either I will have Potato aim (because of the dif. gun recoil) or forgetting I'm that op (forgets how to use the Op ability)
AYY, I SOLO QUED ALL THE WAYTO GOLD 1 LAST SEASON\n\n\n\n\n\nI ended the season in gold III
My kd is 1.1
I dont think i can revive my kd, 3671-4478
Another great vid my mans, nice job bro
Great vid, but I think you forgot something, adaptability, too often i see people go into firefights, and not adapt to oncoming situations.
No one disliked the vid! :D
How to improve my kd: Ubisoft has to fix their broken ass fucking game
Dude I just wanna say that you help me so damn much I love your videos but dude thank you so much love you dude  and my dream is to be a YouTube and you inspire me
i love ur vids bro but they never help me cause i am already a diamond but i love u
Chaotic,play some r6 with me
really good tips but at the same time it dosent help they just have to practice and learn everyone plays different you just have to play more to improve but good vid man!!!
From my experience in Siege, the sight you're using makes a difference aswell. I prefer to use the holographic sight. It offers the second most zoomed in sight (next to acog) and I potato less with it.
What’s your sensitivity
need friends on ps4 add me  jonnycakes1152
0:45 alright, controlling recoil 101: aim down as you shoot
Do you think rainbow is broken???
I've found the perfect sensitivity for myself, and for my friends also. If you want to go ahead and try it out here it is:\nVertical: 40\nHorizontal: 94\nLeft Stick Deadzone: (default) 10\nRight Stick Deadzone: 8\nADS Sense: 42\n(Just remember, it comes down to personal preference, so don't expect this to work out for you. If you like high Sense and accurate aim, this is what I have come up with, but this CAN be adjusted to fit your play style. If not, stick to what you have, because it took me 3 weeks to find my perfect aim and could be the same for you.)
Skrt skrt
Corey i luv u
I solo que alot im gold 2
I tried friending you on pc but you never accepted, I’m sad
I have a friend with a 1.4 kd who has never hit gold. He carries most games.
I love your vids
Hi dad\n\n\n\nEdit:corey you say your active in the discord yet you haven't said much in it im not hating on you i still love you?
I want to get carried to plat ????????????
Hi dad
Ez banger vid????
Subbed yesterday day ur great man
Thank you have some hearts ????????????????????????????
Si papi si papi
Great video I’m a big fan !!
Hey it’s VLveT Fox, what happened to having the video out same day we worked on it lmao ??
Y people find this so hard? Just shoot them in the head
Love this channel
Yeet
I gave a shoutout on my ig
Kd is not everything at all.
Im copping all the merch
Noti gang
thx for the tips, but i'm always top fragger in every ranked game...well most of the times
??
We can’t be like as good as you only because you have a better gaming chair just joined discord good job man
I want a chance to play with you if that’s possible! I have you friended on Xbox and I do play like a plat ????
Man I wanted to be in
4th
Chaotic remember me pavenplayz
Chaoticlfs has a fat ass dick
1st
Never clicked a notification this fast
Never been this early
LZS ????\nCensorship thoughts?\nSubscribe/Like/Share\nThanks for watching ;)
my house is in the map
i mean the asians are fucking great a gaming
Censorship is the big gay. let's ban china from having RSS
G
They only want to have one version of the game because they are lazy and Ubisoft is just looking for profit and dont care about their community
my hero he always hooks us up with Rainbow info
Next season prob in Christmas and the censorship should be optional like you said
It's utter bollocks. How could they do this to a game? It's just a cash grab in China
These are some dumb updates rainbow six siege is fine just put a switch for the ones that don't want it to be graphic
The first kill he gets a down with a headshot
Nerf bastion
My favorite operator is Maverick,his guns are good,his M4 and 1911
man up, china
If they fucking change anything but some of the aesthetics on the map I'm going fucking ballistic!
What’s the point they fked the game for others let’s vote to kick Chinese
If they go through with the \"de-gorryfication\" of siege, I will never play again.
It sucks the new updates sucks like fortnite
Siege will Be shet fuck chinese
blood splatter is a pretty big point, its a pretty clear way of seeing if you have damaged someone, how much depending on the amount of blood, and all the things you said. ubisoft doesnt know that this is a dealbreaker for some people, and that loyal fanbase is going for people who have never played the game, not even 100% sure they will like the game, huge mistake by ubi.
I think their censorship is just them being lazy.
I’m very mad
ubi have no balls.
Fuck what china thinks
Get ready for CHINA NUMBA WANNN spammed it voice and text chat..
They should make a map called school
well this is the new low Ubisoft has done since i started playing, but i stoped playing a month or so because at this point Ubisoft is milking the game and never listens to the community and i got sick of it. it was fun while it lasted 2 years of fun
ubi is gay
NERF BASTION
Yeah, it's really disappointing they're going away with the blood trails. this is a key element of the game and the hardcore die hard fans are very unhappy with this decision by the developers. It's really sad they don't care to listen to their faithful community that has been there since the beginning. I understand their decision to do this to capture a wider audience, but at the same time disapprove of it
This is honestly bullshit. I understand the point of Ubisoft trying to expand their player base, but these changes shouldn't be made for the sake of China, who dictates these rules. If we have a repeat of the PUBG problem, I'll never buy another Ubisoft game. Extremely disappointed with Ubisoft at this point.
As a supporter of the homosexual community I accept Ubisofts decision
That moment when Zen plans out the video to where he throws an impact at the hatch the same time he says it has a big impact on gameplay (55:00Seconds)
What about the drugs on theme park?
Yah no support for Dubai people clap clap clap
I 100000% agree with you on the fact that it should be a button, if anything you should be able to turn off hostage maps.
Completely agree with the idea of switches, why should we have to be flexible around their laws!  It’s their laws that stop them from playing the game. I love the current ascetics and way the game plays. But these changes could make tweaks to the maps that Ubisoft don’t want
I hate China we going to play with a lot with hacker rather be with Japan the Asian country
I'm pissed. China can go piss off
Siege is gay now with censorship’s
R6s Y3S4 exist\nChinese hackers nani
What about Bandit and his drugs? D:
Next demand is no killing with guns. Hypothetically stating.
Why would they take out blood? THIS IS AN FPS. YOU ARE SHOOTING PEOPLE. Why no blood ubi?
As a Chinese, the censorship authority & tencent are bs to me
operation nerf bastion
Bye Bandit!! ????
Actually, so to speak. There are many Chinese players in R6 SEA Server. No kidding.
Not only Chinese players will increase by this censorship shit, Amount of Chinese players cheating as well
Maybe Ubisoft should work on better servers and not worry about changing the game it’s bad enough they switched the maps up.
Ubisoft can just run a seperate region locked version for asia like many other games do, and let the rest of us have the game we payed for and dedicated so many hours of playtime for in the first place!. I dont want my game censored just so another country with bs implemented rules can water down my exsperience with my game. And if they start censoring now, it will just NEVER end! If this is the price i have to pay to play with asian regions, i dont want it
The play on that cavy tho
Anyone else see a screen glitch at 1:00?
Anybody else want more gore in Siege to quench their bloodlust or is it just me?
i live in a country near by the china \ni've play r6 like 2 years now\nevery match here are always fucking china faggot\nso i don't know why they are changing this shit
I think they should have the option like COD. For example turn on or off blood glore something like that
Expansion is always good but I like these things even if there small if you ask me China is great they have good food and art but they need to not have such strict censorship laws but you are right zen we need a switch gore or not
Fuckin  bots in this game bitching about skulls and blood stains on walls .. fuck sake go back to minecraft .. instead of making the game better they make it family friendly.. fuckin trash.. season 4 .. is gonna be the end of this trash game ..\n\nFuck chinese people..  ubi is more hungry for money that they are for fixing hitreg
Ubisoft has left the server\nEA has joined the server\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\nGreedy ass niggas
rainbow six siege has absolutely nothing to do with realism.
Better dead than red!!!!!!
NERF BASTION!\n\n\n\n\nTik Tok memes, I’m sorry.
Good job Ubi, now I'll have a hard time communicating with my teammates because of the language barrier
Does this mean that the Alpha bags are going to get removed as well? Every game you have a chance of winning and after every win you have a chance to receive a new cosmetic item. Not to mention that the special event bags have a random drop rate as well.
feckin china ruining games. stupid no freedom communist shit. instead of trying to sell your game to shit asians you should focus on home and get your game so good that more americans will want to play it and buy it. But no tom clancy rainbow six game has ever been good. CSGO rules the fps realm.
Hey guys chinese pubg servers moving to siege yall
Screw what china’s laws are leave siege how it is China needs to learn to adapt and not have the rest of the worlds happiness based on 1 countries laws
They removed the Cool aspects to bring the game to Different And larger country's Player Base Im not totally with it but lets give it a shot After it comes out on to different Country's Hackers Take Over rainbow six Player Base Im Refunding ...
0:57 says direct impact while blowing a hatch with an impact
God daaam chinies
0:57 \"Its also possible that it might have a direct impact on gameplay\" \nThrows impact
Zen brother I agree with you I wouldn't love to see an awesome legic game lose its blood over China decision couse if the is what makes it awesome fun why changed I'm just feeling bad for ubisoft throwing all their hard work away R.I.P. to some operators in rainbow six siege
The censorship is HORRIBLE!!! Ubisoft is making a horrible mistake, they are ruining the integrity of their company and game. The Asian PL team was TRASH ANYWAYS WTF! STOOPID
For blood they should add a paint colot of your choice that would be cool
Chinese are already playing, this censorship won't help at all
We gonna ignore how you shit on the kid in the beginning?
Wtf Ubi, you are destroying your game
Lets See how far this also will damage the Esport Market..
Honestly you Said everything. In the Core: INSTEAD removing These things completely, make it an Option for us to Turn it off or on of wanted. We followed this Game so far, we supported it, bled with it. So why removing the Things that are normal for us, making the edges round, giving a way better feel when being in the Game? We did so much for Ubisoft, now its their turn to hear us again
To bad for China
China needs to go
So let me guess mortal kombat is banned in china ?????
DAMN I DONT WANNA SEE OR HEAR CHINA NUMBER 1 AT CHAT OR VOICE CHAT
bruh they should just have two teams
Im not getting off red dead
They couldnt add a switch option because, like you mentioned a blood splatter is a clue that helps you, that would leave some players at a disadvantage because they wouldnt have those clues
Do they take out all the drugs in the game like on coastline or theme park?
Ready or not will put out siege
I don’t wanna get raped by a new race of tryhards
Will doc's and cav's skull headgear be removed as well?
Chains hackers yes. Lovely
keep casinos blood everything them chinese guys can sukk
Deadass I'm going to miss the stripper ????
Paying 120 dollars plus waiting 2 years is not my thing
So Caveira face paint will be Censored
Yo fuck china policy,we're not Chinese
Simple don’t sell it in China and leave the game how it is if the community doesn’t want the change then don’t change it.
Those motherfuking Chinese opressors!
they shouldn't take off the gorge they should have an on and off button for the gore
If they want clean games then they can go play wii or something for kids
I don't care about censorship if it means we can get asian to join siege
Screw China they need to stop being a bunch of pansies
No blood in FPS yea that makes sense. They might as well take out the guns to so we can play with sticks and stones
Fucking sjws
It's not even that big of a deal ??
Expected news for Blackbeard buff. Didn’t get news for Blackbeard buff.
Might as well have the maps emptied. What has happend to humans really.
Feels like they make the game more and more kid friendly facepalm
Hey guys
I love your idea of giving them the switch it’s always  China isn’t it
chinese player are huge problem to the community, 90% of 'em are hacker.. because I was one of it
Can I just say, China has honestly made the game so much worse. I mean if they are complaining about violence meanwhile it's an 18 PLUS GAME. If your being a pussy, and you don't like the violence then stop playing it all together instead of spoiling the entire game for the rest of us. Retarded.
this is bs about the changes coming to seige
I don't mind the changes. I HATE that I have to live by Chinese censorship laws. China is led by a dictator, instead of bowing down to them, fight them. Dictatorship is in no-way good. I even hear many chinese people say that it is horrible Ubisoft bows down to Chinese laws. But yeah, the more money they can get, the better I guess.
This is why we need a wall
Still upset about the censor bs make it a option to keep or take off
Can’t join on iOS rip
Well I guess I’m not playing this game anymore
Uninstalled... \"they removing just the neon girl from the wall\" Ye-ye... \"Every sexual content\" so, what about the thicc operators? :'D
its like Ubi wants this game dead, like come on! removing everything that has to do with violence in a FPS!?!?!??!!? WHAT THE FUCK ARE THEY DOING!!
Nerf bastion
Personally, I'm really looking forward to Y3S4. Its the first time since I got the game that I'm getting the new operators when they've come out and I'm very excited to learn the new techniques and weapon styles.\n\nI'm not sure how I feel about the censoring. I'm glad Ubisoft is doing it because they want as many people as possible to play and enjoy their game. I'm mad because while its good we get more players, its bad because there are going to be major changes to some maps which means that certain parts where it was safe to hide aren't anymore.\n\nEither way. I'm looking forward to whats new and am not looking forward to learning maps all over again.
Sooooo were changing the game for a bunch of hackers nice
R.I.P theme park... ‘’drug use’’
I’m a Chinese player and that censorship is just unreasonable and Ubi can definitely make separate versions of the game so that the rest of the world doesn’t have to suffer from that censorship.
wow china wow really that is so lame so fucken lame just don't play it if you can't handle it wow
People have blown this way out of proportion. First of all, those icons could just be switched in a patch for zero reason, as many were before. Furthermore, no one would care if the stripper was changed and the bloodspatter taken off of it wasn't put out like this. The vast majority wouldn't even notice.\nThe removal of 3D assets has some standing in people being mad, but it's blown way out of proportion.\nThe real issue? They released this all at once and framed it in a way that can be called censorship. If they had done it in pieces or not made a blog about it, the word \"censorship\" wouldn't be attached to it at all. And it's that word that is sparking keyboard warriors, not the substance of the changes themselves.
Just expand it to Hong Kong only obviously.
yup becouse the chineese are wel know for playing fair and never cheat -.-
Ommmm they made hentai they could take gore and skulls
This is retarded about ubisoft
Wait you are telling me that china is NOT ok with some blood spluter,slot machines and other in game things because the cant sell them but what about vr kanojo (dont Google that) and other gory and nudity +18 games that not only they make but also sell. China is ok with gore (not the cod ww2 type gore) its Just ubisoft trying to make some changes because Who really cares about some blood or a slot machine they are Just changing things that wont really bother us shooting each other
Green blod
Well guess its RIP for cav.
I’m sorry but can we give a shoutout to sledge at 5:07 for shooting his teammate and avoiding being discovered?
I hate the censorship, it should be a setting you can change, depending if you want blood or not.
THEN WHY IS PUBG ALLOWED IN CHINA IT HAS LOOTBOXES, BLOOD AND SKULLS
Jesus Christ is lord of all! God bless you all!
I foresee the entire theme park map going. It’s a map in China with Chinese characters filled with drugs and a lot of heavy cult imagery. Hell there’s an entire room dedicated to the cult. I don’t think it’s an unreasonable fear that we may lose the entire map. Hell look at what they did to the blood splatter on Chinese paintings. This is really really upsetting to see siege do this
So does that mean Lesion and Ying are getting buffs? You can't kill the Chinese operators without threatening China. Or maybe it's a technicality since they're from Hong Kong?
has a direct impact *throws impact grenade immediately after sayin the word impact*. or am i the only one who noticed and laughed about it xD
Rip drug lab in Theme Park
JUST CREATE ANOTHER GAME FOR CHINA FFS\n\n\nAre they gonna remove drug lab on theme park? FUCKKKK THE CENSORSHIP
If they experience a player drop they might undo censorship
This sounds almost like cultural colonialism. China is considered the dominant market so we have to abide by their laws. Whats the point of our politicians discussing and voting on issues if China gets to decide what we consume anyways.
They gunna get rid of Bandit now??
From what I’m hearing, China blows soggy dick.
I think if somebody doesn't like this awesome game then DON'T PLAY IT SIMPLE AS THAT these Asians don't deserve this game
I hope after giving you $120 I get something out of it
1.I get ready for \"China 1. One \"\n2.Even if you live in Berlin,London etc you play in chinase servers always\n3.fix ranked,casual why i am not even ranked and i fight against Diamons
Not cocaine room and drug lab!!!??????????
Straight bullshit
CHINA IS SHIT!UBISOFT should really let China out of their business area you guys really don't know about China !HK HERE?they just blocking some thing they don't like similar to North Korean also u can see tho YouTube always block but yeah of cause they're smart they still can find a way to use that??????????????????
No China please, too much Chinese hackers pubg taught me this
Fuck China they suck why would u hit change knife to fist
#notmysiege
If blood splatters becomes a major issue, how would you guys feel if they changed the color of blood to bright purple or a neon color?
My thoughts \n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\nF china
Rainbow is great...but edith friends now that i play on PC And have no friends i miss my PS4.
Why is China complaining? Didn't they try COMPLETELY ripping off rainbow on a mobile game?\nEdit: Also this is a mature game which warns people about the game so why should they complain?
If they get rid of the blood splatter then they can’t call it a realistic game
I know spanish and as far as I know cavs name doesn't translate to spanish. Spanish is different depending on the country but as far as I know it's not
If these censorship updates become a part of siege, im selling it and never playing it again its pathetic, \nAnd a good man on reddit who was banned for making this point said that if you are gunna go through with this you have to take the tom clancy name out of the title he would roll in his grave if he saw his universe bowing down to a corrupt government like the Chinese\nIts such a joke \n#RIPsiege
That’s bullshit that means people in Asia can join EU servers with 500 ping and just demolish us because of there lag I’m going to quit if they do this
If siege all the blood ill stop playing ubi games
Just got the Jäger skull mask from the Halloween event, when it's removed I would rage for days. Fact
These things need to happen in order for the game to grow. Sad or not China is a huge market. \n\nIt's good for the playerbase and it's a thing that must happen. Yes, it's not ok but i can deal with that. As long as the gameplay and feel is the same.
Gore Switch <3
Uhhh this is so dumbbb
The chinese are pussies
Thanks, zen. Finally some calm discussion. It sucks that theyre doing this but i think people are overblowing things. We'll have to wait and see for ourselves, hopefully ubi doesn't mess this up
I hate that there taking out the knife  and bring in the fists
fuck china. fuck overly sensitive people.
China doesn't want skull in their game but they are completely ok with shooting unarmed civilians
Trust me,its not going to be good for anyone. Chinese is super toxic.
This is a joke we suffer because china needs a safe space
does this mean they are gonna get rid of the cocaine lines on the bench in coastline
I dont live in China so why the hell do I have to play with their laws?
Why remove blood in a game about shooting and killing
Yknow I saw Blackbeard in the thumbnail and thought it said massive nerfs...
KOWALSKI ANYASIS
Blood splatter in pubg for China is green ffs
Screw China
How about an update where I can find a match in under 10 minutes lmao
The Censorship thing is dumb, China already has their own version of the game and they can play with people on other servers without issue.
I don't agree with the censorship. What will they do with Yacht? They have an entire room dedicated to gambling. This game is already rated M. Nobody under the age of 17 (in the U.S.) is supposed to play. No it doesn't change gameplay but it does effect the immersion. When I see a map with bullet holes. I expect to see blood and or dead bodies.
It's simple, I've spent a good amount of money in the game already, and I know others have spent much more. Add a region for Asia that has these things turned off and leave the rest of the world alone. This is already a mature rated game, and if people can't handle it, don't play it. We're supposed to have freedom of speech, so all this censoring isn't needed and feels more like the game itself is going to be held back. If they have all this extra revenue by bringing the game to the rest of the world, they should have plenty of money to have a team dedicated to these kinds of changes. All they're doing is removing a few objects and changing map design, the rest of the map and game will be the exact same, so why not have a separate version for them? Saying they want to have only one version sounds more like they are cheap and too lazy to make more than one, and that to me seems pretty pathetic.
May be there a sand storm and if your outside u die
I could honestly care less about the censorships... Like, I feel like it'll be one of those things where everybody complains and flames China n shit for a week or two, then a few days after release, nobody will care anymore. It's not changing the gameplay, and it's shit that I don't really pay attention to.
Do you want to be Winston? No \nBastion? No \nWind bastion? Hell yeah!
I understand why they would add censorship but the people who play the game for the hardcore graphics, gameplay, and gore religiously may cause them to loss some of there fam base if they alter to much. I advise them to make so different versions of siege and or two different modes and or settings that a player can use before a match and or during a match to apply censorship instead of being forced into it. Sadly knowing Ubisoft for a long time they might just change it due to them already having there mind on it and it’s hard to change there mind so if anyone can bring attention to this please do.
Alpha Packs are a form of gambling ??
i gonna stop play r6s and play overwatch again
I'll be wind bastion
im reporting ubisoft for greiving
looks like the dev's aren't going the right way with the game
I would be cool to see some comments about Wind Bastion...
wtf are they talking about there's already chinese r6 and its not cencorned
Rip neon stripper
My grandpa died during the revolution in my country to remove the communist regime AND NOW , THAT I AM AN EUROPEAN CITIZEN, I WILL NOT LIVE UNDER ANY COMMUNIST IMPOSED RULES
Morocco - yes\nIsrael - no\n:(
Ok you can censor maps you can censor icons, but don’t you dare touch my cav, got it, good.(also there are SO MANY EDGY HEADGEARS)
Lets vote kick china out this is a American and it stay American
Yo
Cry cry blood splatter omg we cant have that cey cry.... I china lead by a 6 year olds that cant handle seeing blood??? Mexico has their own religious acta.... But you ignored them cuz y want fucking money and china has that money... Fucking ubisoft
Dont put blackbeard in there without saying a change about him?? and Idc about youtube changes, your title is Rainbow not Youtube...Just saying
If skins get removed or camos... better get my fucking cedits and renown back.
It’s always China’s fault - Donald Trump
Everyone should re-read the patch notes. They are censoring ENVIRONMENTAL blood stains. Not when you shoot someone. That is not environmental
Its a “huge change” fuck off. They are making a few changes to the way the game LOOKS. It changes nothing with the gameplay. It’s understandable to have one version of the game so they don’t have to have a split dev team. If cosmetic changes bother you fuck off
China, \" no violence\" siege, \" Screw what the rest of our player base says, we gonna try anyway!.... wth Ubi?
Why not just change it for the Chinese copies like every other game does?
Rip drug lab and Oregon
China Numba Wan
Why not make 2 different vasion
Who wants to boycott siege?
NERF BASTION
0:57 was that on purpose?\n“It might have a direct impact” throws impact grenade
I cant be the only one who came for blackbeard.
This mans just impacted the echo drone at 2:00
I swear Siege will end up like fortnut... :/
How about the skins?  The skull skins like the face of cav,  the legendary skin headgear for Jaeger?  They will Change too?  Instead of Skull they will put some mask?
Pengu is gonna complain about no blood next :)
Its a rated M game for a reason smh
I dont rly like it I've played since may 2016 dust line dlc its changed a lot but these changes I'm not a big fan of \n\nBut everyone has their own opinions and that's mine.
Australian operators where u at dog
The dam aog scope has led like it’s a rave ??
To be honest I hate the death icons but i know that they have to make it so people in China can like play it while it's safe or something like that  but yea I just hate it I'm not used to like knifing people in games that show a fist icon. ;-;
Tosic Chinese players invaded Pubg\nnow..
Siege and for honor are bad spots ubi get it together
Sounds cool. But I’m boycotting it till they undo the censorship.  You wanna remove gambling so you can make more money but you don’t wanna remove loot boxes because it’s gambling you can also profit from then fuck off.
#FUCKCENSORSHIP
Hopefully they don’t screw with the blood spatter because that provides a lot of information. Exactly like Zen said
Theme Park has rooms dedicated to initiating cults
bye bye bandito dorrito
So China can’t have skulls and blood on walls but can have a shooter game we’re every one is just killing each other and anime with a lot  of blood
Well....then stop being China. We didn't let our government go Commie. Fuck'em
China needs to be nuked
This is stupid
Long story short, fuck the sensitive ass ricey riceys in their communist hell hole.
It's a mountain fortress...
Is Black Beard getting nerfed again?
The chinese knock off and pirate everyone elses crap but hold the west to a double standard and require us to adhere to their political views?  They can go suck Mao's Zedong....
Ugh, politically correctness in this game to?  Fffffuuuuuuu
i just want pre lean on console
Yes let's reach out to china so we can get more hackers thru the already hard trying anti cheat
This is bullshit. Even with all these “good” changes coming to the game. And yayyyy more ping abusing Chinese players connecting to the wrong regions in the world and causing me to lag out of games! YES UBIIIIIIIII
i'm down for having the option to turn blood on and off, furthermore i don't like my experience being impacted so heavily by policies that we all know are unfounded and unjustified specifically regarding censorship in china. If you aim to change cav name or skull painted on her face you are essentially destroying art. For the french company Ubisoft maybe you could relate to the scenario of if your art in your art exhibits where censored or removed because in their culture they saw your french art as garbage propaganda and for no other reason than to censor your form of expression.  Would you really ask your current player base to compromise their values to play your game? Is freedom to enjoy the content you payed for really something you want to infringe upon? I know money is the motivator for a game publishing company and that on the books it makes sense to make one build that all players share, but you are defacing yourself to an extent that takes away significant value from your published art and spits on your community.  Meet us halfway please and make the chinese build separate from ours or make an options to switch these cosmetic features on or off depending on the region.  This would be the best play as you would still save profit at the same time as showing your current player base that made this game successful that they are valued and respected. Everyone wants to share negative news, fewer want to share good things and by that math every time you put out bad news like this you are putting yourself down 9 points for every 1 point you gain.  \n\n\nIn the end personally i find that i have less reason to be excited for games released by ubisoft and though it will not be the deal breaker for me in every circumstance , it will certainly dissuade me from making some purchases based on the level of trust i have for your judgement as a company. \n\n\nI plan to continue playing siege as for the time being but i wait to see if ubisoft can make the best call and give players what they want on both sides to the best of their ability.\n\n\n\n\n\n\nanother comment lost in the noise...
this change is a MONEY thing thats it!! Its known that the Asian market love spending money on pay to win, pay to upgrade, pay to boost, pay for cosmetics etc they have no issues with buying in game items and ubisoft knows this , thats why they willing to bend so low to their rules, what they can do as well is have an option to turn off blood and gore in the menu
It's funny that they are censoring gambling but i bet they won't remove the alpha pack purchases which is gambling. As for the new map maybe a dust storm kicks up outside and it makes it almost impossible for defenders to spawn peak kill.
Castle rework?!?!?
THEY ARE CHEATERS! We don't want them on our game. We already have enough of them
I don’t like the changes in the maps at all
You know if siege is changing and censoring stuff in siege so they can sell more copies, then they dont care about the community or the game its just about the money
This game was possibly the best shooter when it first released now this shit it wack.
Rip cavi and bandit.. this is so dumb
Wait the new season is already here?\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\nTime for renoun grind
how could this game even exist in china?
Rip all the coke on theme park
Cheap ass Ubisoft ??
No gambling content allowed? They’re removing slot machines but what about alpha packs?
NERF BASTION
This season is gonna suck
Wait so if its global will ther be diffrent severs
China had the BIGGEST gays of gay
I think the censorship is stupid I don't like it and if it happens I might consider not playing anymore.
So here is the thing, alot of hackers are from china, so great move UBI. Battleye is going to work extra hard against the chingchongs
Operation: I wanna be Bastion
Chinese people suk
FUCK CHINA AND SHITTY UBISOFT
Im just saying if we don't pull together they will run over us with this censorship bs. It's not right that in america we have to abide by chinese censorship laws like sorry but thats how I feel about it, and well js theme park drug room has stacks of drugs lol so new sight lines to window and to inside. At this point might as well give the game a cartoon look like over watch and put the rating down. xD
Sooo... with other words china messed up rainbow six siege
Asian players of crap hey people get ready to get yo but kicked ??
I don’t want the censorship I would prefer different versions of the game
Wtf  is that? In germany we cant play uncensored games (wich is kinda ok i think???) But in every other Country u can play them uncensored (wich is kinda unfair but idc that much). So why does Ubisoft change the game for everyone because of just one Country? Why dont u just make it like in Germany?
sees china update \"It's Just one of those days......\"\n\nFUCK CHINA
6:39 lmaoo that ela went into the fucking atmosphere
I swear to god if they touch one bit of cav I’ll fuck off to Overwatch
Just change it for China and not for everyone
Probably just shadows
I've got a solution to the problem. Don't sell the game in China, i mean it seems pretty obvious
Fuck china lets just nuke them
One like to bring operation skull rain back!
its fukin bullshit!
Wtf happens to my charms I paid for like the Halloween charm I got wtf
This is shit. I think this could ruin r6 it will look like fortinite. The game is 18 and up for a reason.
no one wants chinese cheaters into the game and CuckSoft loves to censor stuff
Ubi has fucked up
In the barricade it had a pixel peak
I also think that those Ubisoft fucks should be much more than happy with their current amount of players and money. Just about everyone buys that stupid season pass every year, they buy R6 credits, other outfits and skins and STILL Ubisoft isn't happy.
Can we vote kick or to China
China! They kill stuff that we like.
This is where I think quality over quantity is better.
But arent alpha packs a form of gambling?
I hope the season drops in December or January, mainly cause I don't want to miss Fallout 76....I'm probably going to drop day after day into it for a while like I did with 4, which I have over two thousand hours of play time in. Also, Zen, you're awesome. Keep up the good work.
Chinese players won't impact gameplay? Have you seen PUBG first they will kill the asian scene,SEA was already toxic enough with cheats from singapore and once they are done with us they will spill over to EU and NA. Have fun with a game where you have to report the enemy after every killcam.
why the fuck they don't make a china version of the game like other normal fucking companies
jesus christ Ubisoft. its a game where you kill each other. I honestly don't think I could support a company that is gonna make changes like this to appease another country. I can't stand when something has to change for everyone because of one or two outliers. a separate version would be acceptable or the option to turn them on like you said. whats next? the guns will all be changed to super soakers? or taking female ops out of the game so they can sell it in Saudi Arabia? whatever. there are other games i can play. sucks because I love the game.
It is China’s fought
Thank you for drawing attention to the censorship, it seems Ubisoft are trying to draw everyone's focus away from it with the new season news. One of the worst things about the changes is the way Ubisoft is contradicting themselves on the changes and lying to the fans that have stuck with them through the game nearly dying, and the many bugs, glitches, and issues (netcode, ranked etc). The very fans that keep the game alive and keep the flow of income. That's just completely disrespectful, they don't deserve a penny from anyone for that.
Open all r6 servers to china well, just hope there won't be as many cheats as there were in pubg, after fully supporting that market.
Rated M game (Siege) turns to Rated T game.
OPERATION CENSORSHIP BOW DOWN TO THE GREAT CHINESE LEADER XIJING PING
Lol, bastion already nees a nerf!
I would join have to wait for now it have to be later down the road if i join later but i do enjoy siege
In my opinion Ubisoft are well named because they have gone( soft )and are about to spoil my once favourite game ! Damn you ub(soft)!
What if the new attacking operator gets a glider or parachute that she can use due to the wind
I just dont understand why they get rid of the blood on the wall, meanwhile, you shoot someone AND SPILLS BLOOD ALL OVER THE FLOOR AND WALLS
I just say make a new version of the game because i don't mind the skulls being remove, its the blood i am worried about, but thats my opinion
00:42 this is spartaaa
Maybe give a cav a cool half face mask
Before I watch the video. Blackbeard is getting a nerf
6:08 \"The blood splatter that happens after you shoot someone. It is a distinct and extremely unique feature of this game...\"\n\n\nAh, yes. Bleeding after being shot. Ubisoft is an industrious and thoughtful bunch, they.
I agree with most things you said, except that moving the game to more places (China) is only a good thing. Really? China? The country with a reputation for cheaters and hackers in games. I think that China should have its own censored servers, but I'm not a dev I don't really know how it works
6:40 - Operation: Health Pack
Overwatch gets ashe and rainbow gets bastion
I am fearing for Blackbeard once again
What are they gonna do with Bandit, Ubi knows that taking his drugs will be chaos.
whats going to happen to all of the cosmetics people have bought with skulls/blood/flesh being shown?
Cenorship....applied globally, because of china?  What the F....
Let's vote kick China !!!
your ideas are great mail them to ubisoft
the seasons gone quick
Blood splater used for tactical advantage and info isnt so unique and special to r6s other fps games like counter strike had them for years
I want to get the gold badge
Zen the switch idea is very good
Rb6 gonna have more hacker because players from China.
Dang.. China becomes the 4th reigh. Holy fuck..
Welcome Zen to morroco
I'm arabic so welcome to morroco siege community
I hate China but not much
They shouldn’t censor the game.  It’s such crap that the whole game is going to be dumbed down because of the Chinese government.  As much as I enjoy the mechanics, the atmosphere of the different maps is so appealing and adds character to the map and makes each area believable.  It really makes me upset that the game is getting censored.
Ur a legend man as always I say
Zen ???? ?? ??????
i beg god please dont be like pubg
N E R F B A S T I O N
Vote to kick commies
I hate China... fucking commies
When will a new season come out ?
WIND
[This Comment has been censored by China Government]
Ubisoft why ! Just why !
Basically next big patch is:\n-Censure\n-Nerfs\n-Moracco
greetings from morocco
Lol did you say blood trails are left when an enemy is downed?
Why not make a special version JUST for China?????????
Just make a differnet copt of the game for china they cant/shoudnt even play on our serevers anyway
Sorry bud but the America’s are the West
Yea Censorship is bad but 6:41 Jumping Caveira is good
I’m Asian oWo\nbut I’m also a bit American
My sisters boyfriend is mad cause I had sex with his girl
Sounds like communist propaganda, but ok.
Honestly, I mostly don't care about the censorship, just give Blackbeard and Capitao a buff, I never see them in matches.
Lmao fuccing communists. They did worse things back then and now they get mad for some blood and drugs. This is the world we live in. Ubi should make a ingame setting for chinese players to only have their legal things in game.
i cant join idk why
So their deleting Bandit\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\nDrugggs??
just stfu this game's dead
Nice video but what FOV do you use?
I would love an outside map and maybe the wind affect sound
Hi Zen, \n\nTo start this off, I believe Operation Wind Bastion will kick-off on Dec 4. or around that area. Reason I say that is because they usually release the new season 2 weeks after Pro League Finals, I'm assuming? ( I'm new, just came into Siege during Para Bellum. ) But, didn't Grim Sky do that? They teased the Frost Elite and then announced the release date for Grim Sky. So, it should be the same, only with a different Elite Skin this time. \n\nSecondly, the thought of censorship does trigger me. A friend and I who play daily were conversing about this, but he contradicts himself a lot. He always tends to be on both sides of the argument - you made a great point about the blood splatter, and I do use that indication of bloodspray as a \"caution\". With that kind of... toned down, or gone, it is gonna be hard to adjust too. I, too, mentioned the Option System. \n\nPersonally, these small things that'll be happening won't deviate me away from the game, but there is one BIG thing I am hoping for with the new Operation... that hit reg. actually works in the next few weeks. I can't tell you how painful it is when I run up on a Monty, and headshot him with the 41 bullets in Ela's clip and he doesn't even go down. ( A daily dilemma btw lol )
NERF BASTION, NERF BASTION
What about yacht? It has a casino in the boat :/
How you go from making a Halloween event with gore everywhere to this??
u want to hear our thots???
Ive noticed that you keep switching between operator outlines through walls? Ive only just switched, not sure what i think about it yet but it does help in some situations
Nerf bastion
is ubi going to delete a whole room in yacht (casino), gonna remove caveira's smink ? and if u r shooting somebody ? wtf ubi….. fookin china again
Seriously ? Because of these weebs we are gonna make this game like a fortnite now? Who cares about China ? And seriously are they so dumb they can't understand it's a game. Fucking asians and their retarded cultures.
Wait so are they going to remove ela thickness?
Fuck you China. Dont get me wrong I love your Chinese food and * me love you long time* but I think there just pussies and let's be honest they did some gory shit in the past back in ye old times
I hate ubisoft so much... Just make another client lazy greedy fucks, this game will bexome safe space like overwatch mark my words
Does Zen have Merch, & if not when will merch become a option to purchase!
If bandit gets removed im going to go buy 10 bottles of bleach
NERF BASTION
Dia de los muertos, not Los Muertos. It means day of the dead as you said. Only a correction. <3
The Censorship is absolutlely retarted.
No matter how much drugs Ubi ganna take away from maps,\nBandit will always bring more batteries.
Nerf bastion :)
Why dose even ubi want annoying Chinese people screaming in to their mics like they are some sort of felute
They better not touch cav my main
I think Operation Wind Bastion will drop on December 6. It will be on TTS on November 19th or 22nd.(i guess)
I'll be Wind Bastion\n\nNERF BASTION
I am with you 100% on the gore option. I was about to mention it and then you said it.
Screw china they can get their butt hurt self out of the game then I do not like the censorship they are doing
Fuck china
Does this mean Ying and Lesion will have God Mode enabled? I would imagine killing a Chinese Operative is considered \"a threat to the Chinese nation\"
I'll go bastion,nerf bastion
THE BLOOD SPLATTER WHEN OP IS SHOT DOES NOT GET REMOVED. ONLY THE BLOOD ON TEXTURES
Chinese Communist Party controls everything in China and now wants to control more
I dont see the join button
Niiiice.
Zen so does this mean that they might take away alpha packs because that can be used as a way of “gambling “?
rip halloween outfits!
Fuck You Ubishit, Ubisoft should also suck Chinese president cock to get some more money. Fucking cock suckers.\nI DONT WANT TO PLAY THIS GAME BY CHINESE RULES
The Censorship sucks. The button idea would be good
So the with the censorship with siege, all I'm hearing is that Ubisoft is too lazy to make a version suitable for the PRC so they're censoring the game for everyone to meet China's needs
ok this is not good siege was revived by jesus christ and china is putting back in the game of shame room
When your comments are pay to win
The fuck is China, can't do shit.
Who the fuck uses Caveira with a bulletproof camera?
im already tracer
Nice Blackbeard click bait, you know I gotta dislike man
That Ela At 6:41??
You know I think a cool feature would be if a teammate dies on attacking side and u can find there drones u should be able to make it yours
The focking Chinese people need to go play fortnite or someting. \nREEEEEEEEEEEE ??
Asian terriotory - WRONG\nOnly china - YES
Fucking weebs
Hey when is operation bastion coming out
China is gay.
I hate china
So they will also remove/remake many skins since they have skulls or something similar
Region lock Chinese server in Siege and I'm cool with the censorships. Screw their \"laws\", this is how the real world looks like. Drugs, blood, skulls and murder are all present in reality and this is a game of \"realism\". How do you expect a drug lab or drug den, like theme park, be considered as one if it doesnt have drugs? Bad move ubisoft.
I don't want the censorship, they can fuck off and get another game doesn't care nor bother, I don't like details I used to enjoy changed due to some stupid policies on specific nutjob country.
Before they start trying to get this game to China they need to fix the hit detection and severs and take rank out of beta this game is slowly dieing and get worse each update
Ubi, you're playing with fire. Siege is one of the greatest games in the modern era. You fuck it up, you'll be down where CoD is.
The city in morocco what are you see in operation wind bastion is warzazat but the defender he have a clhothes of the commander who protect the king in our country
I am from morocco
I am moroccon ask me zen i am profesionnel
So my fist are so strong in rainbow six siege that they can kill people in one hit.
So ubi want more chinese cheaters?
Operation nerf bastion
3:53 no more bandit
The game is PG18 ffs why are they removing all that stuff for Chinese people?!?! How about they remove guns so that Chinese people can play the game
Wtf, Chinese players are already ruining the game in SEA region. What do they mean of getting siege in Chinese market when many of their players are hacking their way to SEA servers?
How about the Jäger Halloween skin? Are they gonna change it like the rook skin?
Yeah I've been neglecting Ella, that's because I don't have her
Wtf why Morocco?\nIt's \nIrreverent lol,just had to add something from fucked up middle East huh
So we get more players with high pings?
The only thing I care about is the blood so that I can know for sure that I damaged them
Nerf bastion
I think there should be an option to turn it on and off it’s very reasonable
these shit is forcing me to become a racist!
I fucked up and used fuse with an acog today. I couldn't see
So ok if they are removing any kind of gambling cosmetic, what will happen to the alpha packs ? I mean those are one kind of gambling are they gonna remove them or change them or just let the actual gambling of the game stay?
About the China shit shouldn't they remove the pills in the toilet in coastline??
Why not just region lock china and give those chinese from china a seperate server ?
I love painting walls with my enemy's blood ??
wont compromise the core of the game???? the core has already been compromised by bugs lmao the elephant in the room.
Ubisoft want money , so they fuck the game Just for China ......
0:43 ooof
Lol go blame Ubi for their greed and laziness, not Chinese R6 players.  We can buy and play this game even though it is not officially launched in China.
I’m already Bastion
Removing slot machine changes the core regarding drone placement. Removing blood changes the core since it removes positive feedback. CHANGING OPERATOR ICONS CUZ IT HAS A SKULL IS MOST UPSETTING. Blackbeard, twitch, SMOKE! Cav!!!  That is over the line.
I definitely agree with the option to have it censored or not like what CoD has. If the devs want to have one version of the game, then this is how to do it without angering the western market who dont want to be limited by China's strict laws.
What about bandits operator video
Sorry but showing a location that would have slots and all this images to not have them would make it feel empty and alpha packs promote gambling what's gonna happen to them
I think its bs. Ubisoft is recking the experience for millions of plays just to publish there game in another region. Just imagine the game with no blood, visual item you have paid money for being removed eg clefadore bundle for cav. It is so easy just to make another copy of the game with different visual aspects. Come on ubisoft
Imo they should just create Chinese based maps for the Chinese and only Chinese servers can play on them if you know what I mean.
Oh look, a slot machine...it's gonna make me a gambler.....oh look, a strip club sign.....see where I'm going?
Honestly I couldn’t care less about the censorship. Sure I would have like it if they gave China their own copy of the game but they didn’t... so whatever.. people are taking this thing out of proportion. The game is exactly the same just a couple things are changed/removed.
Don’t let China dictate the way the game is created and viewed . It’s only one country plus they are Communist so who cares what they want !
What, are they gonna make the sound even shitttier then it already is omgalul.
The video game in china make the blood spread green so it doesn't appear like blood i hope ubisoft wont do this
So siege is becoming overwatch
Congrats for 100000 subscribers
Against censorship plz
I am only upset about the blood splatters on the paintings as I thaught the story behind it was that some rich people were killed in there (one maybe taken hostage) as a tactical position to let off there bio weapon or bomb
Nice Vid!
Blood spatter is unique? Nani?
Next dlc black bearded shield 3 hp
There will be a different build for the China. Please inform yourself before talking
I don’t appreciate the censorship at all honestly ??
Dam China. Why do you have to go fuck up the game for us even more?
Do you forget that China has a huge cheating problem? PUBG is dying because of this. And R6S is \"already censored\" because the developer chose to. Not because a government is telling them there can't be dismemberment. Having an on or off switch doesn't fix the issue. The issue isn't with the people of China when it comes to censorship. It's with the government. They do not give their people a choice.\n\n\nThey SHOULD work on 2 different builds like every other developer that gives a shit does. Even if China is region locked, don't be surprised if this game ultimately dies on PC thanks to the cheaters. Chimera will look tame in comparison.
Rainbow 6 siege battle royal Ali A intro
Its called wind bastion because its in the mountains a believe
This game is gonna be a PG 12 :(
Can't ubsoft just make a Chinese version of this game
I don’t care about the censorship details. If it helps grow the game then I’m fine with it! Like the censorship literally has no effect on the gameplay, and at the end of the day that’s all that matters. People just want a reason to bitch. that’s a huge part of the toxicity of the siege community.
how dare they remove the strip sign
They already said that they will have to have 2 aesthetic build why not just make it China - elsewhere keeping the stuff in the western side untouched, the more different the better as I can see the upcoming wave of asian hackers already and if they would be taken to court who's side do you think a Chinese court will take o___o
Bro I wish I could be a sponsor I just do t have the money so I will do what I can and just watch and drop a like. Also Ubicunt should just create a separate version of the game for China. They shouldn’t ruin aspects of the game for people that have been playing for almost 4 years now. That’s just my thought. Keep it up man ????
I dont want to play with Chinese kids, nothing against chinese but i know for a fact they sell all kinds of mods and things to improve gameplay beyond skill, completely legally. No thanks, give them their own version if you want their money.
stupid. just coppy the full game for china. remove blood and done. WTF the gone change ore game for that china bullshit rules. fucking poesy,s
Make a seperate version.
Guess they gotta remove Bandit now
skulls on gun skins did you tink about that what if the remove your skinn skulls its fucking BS better the just ban the game in china stupid BS
stupid changes hahaha 18+ game stupid china cry about blood hahaha XD like the have no blood on there hands from wars stupid hypocrits
nerf bastion
NibBa
Region lock china
How can they remove skulls from the game when they just gave us the Dead Baron headgear for Jager?? Doesn't make sense
Chinese hackers on NA servers will ruin this game just like pubg
NERF BASTION
What about the paraphernalia on the maps and the electric sign on favela?
Rip blood splatter, slot machines and the neon stripper :/ .............. with all the money that they won Ubisoft could make another version for the asian market so far but no they don't give a shit about their game anymore
Nerf bastion
Censor sexual themes? What about Ela’s fine ass?
I'm wondering if the female attacker will almost be like Echo, but she will have some kind of wind that blows?  \nAs far as the censorship I think its B.S they are going to let China dictate what we see, but at the same time R6 games never had the blood and such like they do now. You hit some one they would limp around, when you killed them there was a puddle of blood then it would disappear. U could turn dead bodies on or off
Rip seas server is going to fill out with Chinese cheater and raging toxic teammates
who tf wants china to play r6, theres gonna be fucking hackers every game
I'm calling a maverick counter there's no way they're gonna let him terrorize siege too long (PSA WHO CARES ABOUT THE CENSORSHIP IT IS NOT A HUGE CHANGE ITS NOTHING)
I hate this cencorships, like alot of aspects I like willbe removed. Specially like skulls, machines and drugs. Like Im sad for ths
So china f**ked seige
Ubisoft just being lazy, fifa and 2k have even a unique game for the Chinese market. They’ll have to change the blood to blue or green color like tencent did to mobile pubg, and keep it real for the rest of the world, there’s no way to keep only one global version of the game. And don’t assume that Chinese players can’t play this game if they don’t lunch it in China officially, that’s not true, it’s not about benefit the players in China (maybe less ping, but that’s all) only about earn some RMB.
I dont care its \"just visuals\". Its reason behind this change im not gonna support ubisoft anymore, im pissed i bought seasson pass but no more. Atleast they loose players lots of people will be switching to ready or not if it delivers and then people like me leaving because of this situation.
Does this mean Bandito Dorito gonna have to get censored??
.I HATE THIS CHANGE
Time for the Chinese hackers to come
Here are the things I think will happen if Ubisoft decided to do this:\n\n\npros:\nMore people can play siege\nWe can have a more diverse of players\n\n\ncons:\nWe might have more cheaters (I am saying this because most of pubg's bans for cheating were from China)\nChinese people can be toxic sometimes (I got tk'd for barricading a door)\nThere might be a language problem\n(just saying it from Hong Kong so I'm not trying to be racist)
Next thing you know they will be splattering out Milk
Personally, I am concerned to this new market's players. I mean, not calling them that, but in a market so big as China and so talented, I don't know if Siege will be able to fix new hacking problems. It took them a while to fix here (and you can still easily encounter more of them now), and I can only imagine from there.
You gotta understand, all of the questions you asked can be answered by Ubi is lazy and doesn't want to put in more work than is needed.
I can't wait for more hackers smh....
I hated so much know its garbage
Chinese faggots!\nso first of all I agree that we will need gore switch and I don't want to say that it's bad that siege is  for worldwide market I just hate cencership
????
Bringing Chinese people to the game will only bring more hackers, just make a Chinese version for these little babies
Uuuubbbbbbiiiiiisssssssssoooooooffffftttt
Video has nothing to do with black beard
Every time I see Zen put my boi Blackbeard in the thumbnail and the words \"changes\" in Siege, my heart sinks. I get he is strong, but he is a Niche operator
Boys I got Kanal in rank? Is this a new map in rank or was it a glitch.
No one talked about blood splatter but you thats a big issue imo
Rip Maestros cigar
That censorship is fuckin retarded.
This censorship is just stupid. Just change it only for china but noo everyone has to suffer!!
PEGI 3
U guy's watch SpongeBob remember when Mr Krabs was going to dig up in grave and he said \"am I really going to defile this grave for money\" \" of course I am\"
Nah man fuck that shit
Now we're forced even more to share this game with shouting ass little kids ??
Rain and wind can be used to counter spawnpeeking.
I think its stupid dont take the things from the original that we know and love if china doesn't like it o well then dont by it
Why don't they do the same thing as WOW
What pubg has taught me about Chinese gamers: Hax
They ruining itttttt ??
China is almost as soft as libtards in 2018 like damn
I’ll stop playing if they change the maps
Drugs ? So Bandit won't be able to say DRUGS anymore ? :(
Well zen the censorship with literally fuck up seige if they really add the censorship seige wouldn’t be as fun as it is now ??????????????
Why cant they just make it so they makethis only on china
CHING CHONG REGION BLOCK
The game is 18+ they are turning to a kid game China has enough population to have different version\nThey shouldn't do this to the game
So bandit Jager and doc are gonna get removed since bandits drug background and Jager doing crack on coastline and doc's herion pistol
i like operation nerf bastion
Iam outright scared that hacking will increase in siege (pubg is an example)
Why can i only watch vids on 720p now? I used to be able to watch it on 1080 but it doesnt give me that option
Zen, they're not censoring blood in the game. They're only removing the blood on the walls etc that are there when you start the match. You usually tend to be very careful about the information that you spread but this is just pure misinformation, please read the article again and correct this
Good job ubi just thinking of the money not of the Community really f*** china
Censorship...\nWell then fuck China
For me it doesn't matter. If the skulls  dissapear or the drugs but what i'm worried about are the chinese hackers that propably will come
If they are going to remove or super reduce blood splatter, then I want hit markers. Something to still let me know I landed some shots into someone.
Lol you asking too much from the ubi devs....i dont think they think that much.
Makes sense, censorship on a game literally about terrorist attacks
China is one of the MOST hypocritical country right now.They Fuck video games over but never once look at their illegal actions like “massacring dozens of people and not giving a fuck”.UBISHIT is now officially sucking China’s yellow fucking dick because “fuck you give me moneh”
It would be nice to get a brother duo in future DLC.
I came after seeing blackbeard on the image in hopes of a buff
what about theme park?
Valve doesnt give a shit about csgo or community.  \n\nUbisoft: hold my beer
Swich we need to siege
Ubisoft: Let's remove those gambling slots in those map so that we can get our game to China and gambling is bad.\nUbisoft: But first, add alpha packs to the game so that they can gamble with real money.
They changing icons in already broken game. #selliutubi
Yes Zen there should be a switch to turn gore on/off. Else it would be just like fortnite after the update. \"KiD\" mode. ??
Ubishit like fucking up there game siege going to shit with ubisoft in charge
i am from China and I dont like these changes in r6 either, not only because of the policy is kind of ruin the game but also some dlck head cheater players in my country, i believe that many well behaved Chinese r6 players have the same thoughts and they dont want (include me for sure)rainbow six will be too popular in China like what happened to pubg. Besides, these changes were not encouraged by us either, i myself is very disappointed to these changes. so please calm  down and dont blame a whole country because some of its individuals' problems(the population is too big that all kinds people exist). Believe me, that on Chinese social media, we have seen tons of video about anti cheaters in China, our people  are actually trying even though few just fvcking themselves out there and thinking they are smart. so please give peopel who are trying to change a chance pls.
Fuck China and there bullshit just add a feature that you can turn Gore on and off like it can’t be that had can it like zen said that black ops 4 already has that feature rip painting the walls in siege and watch out for cat face pant on cav
Wat about bandit and his trailer?
i would like it to be toggleable but not in the asian version so that we could all have our choice
There's only one thing free people hate more than anything else... and that's censorship.
Bro thank you I come to this channel and I Watch it an it is so so great thank you for every thing my man
your opinions are always so accurate
with the new icons we might as well change all the bullets to rubber bullets
Rip bandit meme
It would be nice if ubisoft made a vegas themed map to reference the old games but given the current situation, it's unlikely. Also I call bs, after playing siege in asia, literally 90-95% of the people who are talking on the mic are chinese, not entirely sure if they're from the mainland or not, but they're chinese nonetheless. As an american who's currently residing in asia, it would be nice if ubisoft added a language check box so you can be teamed up with people who speak the same language, I'm so tired of having a chinese person bark orders that I can't really understand that I end up having to mute the guy, or if ubisoft is making a chinese version, just set a region lock on china.
I really hope that they don't change cav in anyway shape or form. Just because she has a skull on her face doesn't mean she gets rid of it. I main can and I hope she stays the same.
Censorship is retarded, like why?! Who cares about China! Not me... (I'm insensitive)
People are forgetting its an rated m game
Hmmm what about clash? ;)
In Rainbow Six Vegas 2 there's a Casino Map.... But I dont think that map will come to this game :( :( .. Bye bYe Casinoooooo..... Oh and about that Switch option for Gore , Zen said that its illegal to play Gore in China, and if there's a Switch option some Chinese may Turn On the Gore and Violate the Rules xD.....
Oh! Oh! Like as a weather aesthetic with rain on Hereford base hinted at in the teaser pic of grim sky, what if it's sandstorms in morroco with \"wind\" in the teaser pic?
Rip ela or zofia because of the china one child policy
China I just want to let you guys know that we respect your laws and your nation, and I am glad that are making this change happen. Keep being great??
When is the update with the new map and the new operaters
screw china, all this means to me is pc is gonna have a hacking issue again since thats half of Chinese gamers
Zen,\nWe can’t have a switch because Ubisoft is combining two builds into one, so no matter what Ubisoft is going to have to abide by Chinese legal rule.
Do you play with subs?
Why tf dont we remove lesion and ying cause its violence against chinese people huh? Where does the censorship stop. You give them an inch and they'll take a leap.
What if the new defender was able to place a reinforcement that cannot be broken by anything, not even maverick....
You obviously don't know how frag grenades work... the explosion of the frag grenade is not what kills you or harshly damages you; it's literally in the name: frag is short for fragmentation, the shrapnel ripping into your flesh at high speed and force is what damages you and possibly kills you, so limbs are almost never going to be blown off from a frag grenade. Now if you were to be holding one in your hand and it goes off you will probably lose a lot of your hand and potentially wrist, but not your entire arm
Ubisoft: Lets start a censorship\nClash: No running in the halls ya fuckin wanka
So do bandit operator video gonna be censored or beeped every time he says Drugs?\nEdit:What about Theme Park Drug Lab? Are they gonna remove the whole section entirely?
Censorship is never the answer oh and btw more chineese moar hackur
I have aids
Were them hop rocks
The censorship issue is a matter of principle
I hate china
Fuck this
Wind bastion and a defense operator like a mountain im calling it rn defense operator that throws barricade like objects to fill holes
They shoud make a Chinese Version.... i dont have any Advantage of the changes. Just they earn Money.
Not self promoting .. but can y’all check out my latest vid
Also you change the rating of the game to 12+ cause there is no meaning in having 18+ with these changes.
Operation Nerf Bastion as my friends and I call it
kick china
with that reasoning bandit should not be playable in china
The switch between censoring or non censorship is pretty dope
No gambling, so alpha packs are gone?
So I’m a little bit confused since In bandit operator video he says something like I dealt drugs. So will Ubisoft change his video??
The blood splatter is only something that are already on the map. External blood splatters will still be in the game
Screw China they can suck it don’t sell to them
I don't get the censorship, I am always match with people from China
Ubi please just make a second f***ing version
China sucks balls, they are going to ruin the entire game because of how stupid China is. The game is about Terrorism and stuff like that that’s what make the game fun.
Tachanka is getting deleted soon because the Chinese Enlightened One says Lord Tachanka looks too scary.
Not trying to be racist but chinas annoying for messing up my game b
what if ive already been subbed for 2 years?
Censorship is fucking gay that’s some straight pussy shit
I personally think it's stupid they invest all the time to make content just to completely remove it from being used a couple seasons later...why not leave it in so that there is more options?
Okay so no core changes right? Hmmm let’s think Cavairas head gears are literally all skulls so what your gonna take away her face paint or turn her into a completely different op? What about all skull related headgear? Jager had a skull head gear released last week. What about the entire bones head gear set for the fbi swat will I get refunded the money I spent on those? I payed for docs bleeding skull headgear with r6 credits do I get those back? Bandit is a drug dealer so we are just gonna scrap him too? What about drug lab on theme park or casino room on watch or the weed room on favelas? This is an m rated game it shouldn’t have to lose the stuff that’s been in it since day one just because a different government wants it that way honestly I love siege and play it every day but I’m have to start playing a lot more red dead redemption if they wanna go through and scrap half of the games content because they wanna make money from China. Why not  start a separate development team that’s soul purpose is to maintain a Chinese version of rainbow six seige with the the money you’ll be making by opening up to be Chinese market instead of trying to censor everyone’s game to meet one country’s guidelines.
6:41 that dude jumped ??
thoughts on chinese hackers?
man like I just dont think censorship is ever ok, it always leads to more censorship and I dont think we should be ok with that
I am a asian r6s player and i always have chinese gamers in my team they do not understand English and if i say y u dont learn English they say shit in chinese.The huge amount of smurfs and hackers or boosted player r chinese. I don't think for only one shitty community of people who dont even try to learn English. #Rainbowshouldnotchange #chineseareshit
Instead of gore on or off what about China on or Off.
Nah China can to just stick to their anime
If we get no blood, we get hitmarkers atleast
Operation nerf bastion
The thing is that it is already in China they just are combining to two parts.into one thing to make stuff go faster
The gore censorship is kinda sad seeing as this game is all about Realizem and being tactical but I feel that if this makes copy's in China or where ever it's going I know it's furthering the game for all of us so Im sad to see it go but it helps us in the long run
Can they not make a no gore version? Like some versions of cs:go make it so when you kill someone they kneel down and surrender instead of flopping over and dying. This whole censorship BS is actually so shitty like the word nickel and negro (black in Spanish) is bannable.
if wind is a thing I think its going to be more of a dust storm where if spawn peakers ran out they would be marked per normal but attackers would be hidden due to the storm cept for glaz he can see though it.
Jesus fucking Christ they should just make a difference version
Censorship is stupid I don't want a pg 13 game \nI can play Mario kart for that
I want to join :(
there is nothing called join
So violence against China isn't allowed, does this mean that the Chinese operators can't be killed?
In China, we use green instead of red to represent blood, which makes teenagers believe that blood is green, some of them even hurt themselves to see if blood is really red. This is totally bullshit though, but I kinda understand the reason behind that. China is huge, and in order to manage billions of popularity, we have to sacrifice. So do not blame on China's government, blame Ubisoft instead, since they could have chose to make a franchised version of R6, but they did not choose to for some obvious reason.
scopes gets foggy
Booo censorship
I think they should add a switch to toggle censor on off
China is a cancer to video games.
The only reason I say this is because nobody appears to have really thought about it. If blood is removed from the game, how will you know if you hit someone or not? Hitmarkers would take away the unique aspects of Rainbow Six
I think it’s all bs they should keep it the same or maybe even have more
7:28 is the best option
When does this wind bastion season come out?
whats the point of club house now??
I was actually so angry so i made a subreddit
Now we gonna start getting people with 500 ping and yell china number one all game lol
A direct impact\nthrows impact grenade in gameplay\nYou say day of the dead\nkills a Mexican operator
When is the new season? On what day?
We need trump for this make r6s great again
They should just make a whole new game for china and dont ruin the game for other people rainbow is possibly gonna be doodoo
I think they need to make another game or even a switch that is for turning this stuff on/off and not ruining a visual for all players due to one countries beliefs..
I think is shit.
that’s shit
Zen I played you today and you got carried
Hard to enjoy this when the goddamn communists are taking over this fucking game!
Vote kick China
So what’s Cav gonna look like? What’s Theme parks Drug lab room gonna turn into? These changes really are gonna mess things up I swear. Fuck China. Also get ready for a flood of hackers
China #1!
Lol r6s already had a hacking problem. Good luck everyone.
Ubi- wants to remove skulls from the game\nAdds skulls for Halloween
fak china, they will destroy all the game by hacking etc
Releasing Dead Baron Jäger.\nRemoving any Skeleton or Skull.\nRemoving any Skeleton or Skull?
Why are the r6 servers on Xbox down?
This censorship means R.I.P theme park
I’m sorry bud but I’m poor, have no job and 16i love you and sauce but I can’t join??????
Instead of fixing the game or trying to get a better community rules they made fixes to the blood
They announced recently that ubi IS partnering with tencent
I don't mind about this cosmetic stuff but can we add the colorblind settings plz
Next season is fucking baaaaad
6:42 zophia got hopss
Zen,\n   Do you think that Ela’s scorpion has to much recoil. I play on console and every time I try to use her all that happens is my sight goes to the sky and can’t land any shots. This is the only op I do this with. Does she need a buff
That zen man.
wtf are they gonna do about theme park? just get rid of almost most of the map?
Don't mind the changes in seige.
Government shouldn't be involved that far. imho.
Im gonna delete rainbow is cav gets removed
China is going to make asia region so much more toxic
How can we see how long we have been subscribed to seombeody for?
On theme park what will drug lab be called?
Also I’m pretty sure the wind bastion comes out November 18
I mean if it dosint affect the gameplay then I don’t c why we should give a fuck
I'm just Worried about a big hacker influx.
Btw I love your channel man keep it up
This is gay. I play bo4 and on utube I see a crap load of Asians. And bo4 is worse   When I say worse I mean graphics. More exposed. They’re changing the game that everyone loves so some other countries can play it. Call this for more details 540 613 3903
This sucks man. Taking away of the games flavor bro
What the hell are they going to do the drugs on Coastline
The censorship is fucking stupid fuck china why cant they just create a different version
Nerd bastion
Thnks dude ur channels is good
Omg,zen that’s exactly what I thought when you talked about the call of duty graphic restrictions and I fully agree with you  for Ubisoft to add it. Also what are everyone’s thoughts on the new operators?
They aren't going to remove the weed farm from Favela?
I'm not being racist or anything but when you live in Asia and play on the Asia server it eaither u speak chinese with them or you have 0 comunication. It very annoying when come to rank like all i hear is chinese , i asked so many time just for alittle english like just yes or no but they don't even answer . So what i think is they should have their own server like the PUBG game cause so far i make 0 friend in R6 cause i can't comunicate with them at all. And their own server they can censor anything they want i just want to keep my blood and cool skull
Guys, instead of getting excited about the next season we need to focus on a Siege boycott. Perhaps even a class action lawsuit will be needed in order to stop the censorship issue. We paid for a Mature rated game. We need to show Ubisoft that catering to communist at the cost of ruining everyone else's game experience is unacceptable. If we have to sit Wind Bastion out to save the game I think that's a small price.
My issue with the censorship is that the game is rated M for mature, it has all the rights to put gore or \"environmental blood\" gambling etc etc so i really feel like its just ubi bowing their heads and bending over for the Chinese and or Chinese game porters. The other issue i have with this is that IF they go through with this and the community doesn't get them to stop than this can just be a gateway for them to change shit without really asking. Do you honestly think that if they get away with this that they wont go and do this to other things? all they gotta do is get their foot in the door and then they can do what they please, and yes i know at the end of the day its their game and they have the right to do what they want but it won't matter if nobody likes the game and people are \"boycotting\" it
Doesn't china like anime.....anime=boobs
Opinion on the censorship thing.\nIt's stupid. Chinese players could play fine in the South east asia server and 80% of thetime the people you will play with are chinese .\nSo they want to make a bar not look like one? What about the Drug lab on theme park? What would they do with that? \nThen just make an option for the chinese server to have it censored. They should not add those to the South east asia server.
Could be a castle buff because of the castle thing
I think the people at ubisoft ar stubborn and if people disagree with their changes they wont even take ideas from the community, im speaking mostly about adding the option to toggle violence/blood, It's the same with the vote to kick when team damage is done. It's like if they don't think of it themselves they won't add it.
Rip siege.
fuck china
If you put seasons teaser in the thumbnail you’ll get more views \nGreat vid btw
Operation dustline 2.0
GOD DAMMIT EVERY VIDEO I ASK THE SAME QUESTION WITH NO REPLY.\n\nWHAT FONT DO YOU USE FOR ON SCREEN TEXT.
Somebody get the U.S.A on the phone, the communists are fucking with our way of life????????????????
6:40 That ragdoll jump though.
This change is dumb blame the aisans
FUCK CHINA. YOU EAT CATS AND DOGS
$5 is a lot for me, I’ll support in other ways
I will join when I get paid I promise ????
I dislike censorship as the reasoning behind it isn't fully justified in my opinion. Let me explain. Ubisoft wants to expand its game to increase its active player base, that's fine and understandable for a developer. The issue with this method is, just because you have more active players doesn't mean we'll have good server support for those players. Siege can already sometimes be buggy. I play US servers and whenever an EU player crosses over because they're buddied up with another US player, it leads to in-game inconsistencies that can cause a problem. Boosting will still be prevalent and probably worse as Asian servers (NO offense) aren't the best to play on from over seas. If Ubisoft has a solution to this then fine. Censoring a game in a country that's heavily against censorship is like \"NO no\". I feel as if they should just have different versions of the game, similar to other games. If they want to increase player count, add cross platform similar to how fortnite did it. I believe this method instead will benefit siege as we'd have faster queue times. Players will be more inclined to tell their friends to pick the game up if they don't already have it as they can play from whatever console they're on. This will fix the Mouse and keyboard epidemic, mouse and keyboard users can now go play against pc players and controller users can play with controller users. This would be a huge positive change to siege and help increase growth. Censoring your main game in its general population for the sake of 1 server is kind of like eh you know? Where would it stop if it started now? Especially with all the things that still need addressing this feature should wait and cross platform should come in my opinion
Really
Subscribing to support the seige community cause these changes are pissing me off a bit but if it means less wait time for a match go for it and like you said zen, I like the gore mode option.
Anyone else see an influx of new players? Every game I play their is at least 1 on each team.
Bye bandit we'll miss you.
Buff Valk
Well it's been a good run but can we get an f in chat for the soon to be death of the best game I have ever played??????
So glad we will be getting more hackers in the game. Stupendous
NERF BASTION
Why the hell are they taking out slot machines and the symbols too. Just saying its a small percentage of the gaming population and don't know why it has to cause its mass effect over the other majority
fucking chinese and their weird ass policy. the server probably will be filled with toxic chinese player
Shooting a half a mag into  someone just to have them turn around and drop you in 5 shots doesn't sound tactical to me
Fucking communist and with this censorship who knows what else will change it just goes to show that ubisoft just wants money
Are severs down?
Would the censorship happen to Singaporean, Malaysian , Japanese and Korean players cause this is honestly a make or break
Screw those stupid commies.
what about the weed farm on favela or the room drug lab and the cocaine on the table in skyscraper what about the bandits intro “i had to sell drugs”. c’mon Ubisoft are we really gonna change these thing that make rainbow unique. the game is amazing how it is plus there already a Chinese version sooo they shouldn’t go out their way to change these things.?????????
My thought? It sucks. If you have played PUBG Chinese Ver. you will find out that they don't have blood there, they replaced it with some blue-greenish liquid.\nYes, of course, things like this will not change the function of what blood taking part in the actual gameplay but that blue-greenish liquid is just awful to look at and makes the game not as realistic as it is not. \nAlso, that might bring another wave of cheater and hacker into the game as well.
Biggest thing I hate about the world right now is censorship. we have games that are fine and doing well but the developers decide to take something out for that just in case scenario. I miss the days of dev's having balls. The idea for having one copy of the game is honestly a good idea in some aspects but the trade off's are way way too bad. Their claim for it is to speed development due to working on one version of the game. But think about it, what is some cosmetic changes between the copies going to do on the code? its all VFX's, that we think... Unless there is something else changing or possible major changes in the future. Honestly this will sound racist but fuck, I'm scared of it opening to the Asian market on the base game, I am a primary OCE player, and remember the issues with Pubg and the asian market, it was rampant with cheaters and honestly R6's anti-cheat is shite. I'm not saying all Asains are cheaters or anything but there is a big cheating market, c'mon even dell caught on and tried to sell to that market. \n\nIn conclusion I think the censorship is stupid due to pandering to small groups to get more money, maybe if they put more quality out people would buy more things. There are too many trade off's for this kind of thing, why pander to a small group while risking the larger group and then say it's not a big deal when in reality its bigger than just cosmetic changes.
More players mean more hackers.
i really don’t like there changing stuff that makes the game unique i mean the game has 45 million player or something like that so idk
Fuck china,fuck ubi being lazy,fuck them for not having a godamn spine
Fact is we have terrorists that blow themselves up
I gotchu you had 666 comments now u got 667
I see what ya did there 0:57 XD
Lol they take out slot machines but add payed loot box haha
The fact that Ubi won't make a mirror of the game for China alone is what is what's wrong.
Nuke China.
true there should be switch
Thought the game was 16+
zen like this if you agree but i thank tachanka should get an Elite
So is bandit’s operator video going to be taken away?
How many more nerfs?? the games dying, just glad the new games are out.
Why does everyone get so offended these days. Little pwussy bois out there\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\nSomebody got offended by this comment for sure
Can they just have a season again where they dont release new stuff? They have not fixed anything and just keep breaking more. I keep getting offline glitched where I can play other games but siege wont connect, the connection issues are unbelievable and there are still hundreds of constant day to day glitches I see... including the current issue with player stats. FIX YOUR GAME UBI
the censorship controversy has only really come around because of the fact that UBISOFT are being lazy greedy bastards and are making it a sole global version instead of having a chinese version that can instead be managed by a chinese team or even a new UBISOFT Asia/China so everyone else can play the game how it is while chinese players (unfortunately) still have to play the censored version (the R6 subreddit had been filled with people complaining and stating they are leaving because UBI is conforming to a literal fascist dictatorship and yes even chinese people have complained and even apologized for what their country has done)
Okay China this is where you draw a line? Skinning and burning dogs alive is okay  but a M-Rated video game is too much to handle because of skulls and blood after shooting someone...just checking.
If it R6 ever gets watered down like you said then I will quit playing.
Well I believe that the blood should stay because if there is a lot of blood and the operator is only at 80 hp this shows that shots are not regestrating\nAnd I agree with zen the blood trails should stay.
Region lock china
Chinese government  bans things that are violent, but would allow a shooter game? The heck?
What about bandits video
Wait if they are getting rid of skulls that means Blackbeard has to get a knew icon
Chinaaaaaaa
I really think Ubisoft is underestimating how much censorship will make people not want to play. Gameplay is top priority, no doubt, but these aesthetics are what make Siege a more immersive experience. I know it’s not really THAT immersive to begin with, but come on, it’s a counter-terrorist game and it deals with gambling, killing, sex and drugs as it should. The skeleton and blood aesthics are going to be censored in a game where the player is made to shoot people. \n\nI hope we get an on or off gore button in the options. After playing Red Dead Redemption 2 for a week straight I truly believe that, for the most part, the best video games are the violent ones. Let’s hope Siege keeps its edge.
Nerf Bastion!!!!
The censoring is awful... And How I'm going to feel about it in the future
The game is 18+....
The map is called Fortress
all censorship is horrible
For me, I don't want the blood become green.
What about cavs face paint its a skull
Nerf bastion
These changes to the game won't keep me from playing but will for sure really make me pissed
As Juggernaut said in Deadpool 2 “You commie motherfucker(s)” why should the rest of the world comply with China’s censorship laws when they’re already getting a different build with no cosmetics
Y is Ubisoft trying to sell their game in China if they already have a Chinese servers
666 comments.\n\n\n\n\nNOT ANYMORE!!!!! XD
This is entirely fucking china's fault, fuck em
Nigga bandit cant be used cuz he all about them drugs
They should make different servers for the U.S and China. I feel as if Ubisoft doesn't listen to there community. How long did it take them to fix there game with the hacking problem. Ubisoft needs to take the time to see how the community feels about the changes and see what compromise they can make to improve our experience. The United States and Europe are there biggest buyers right now and it affects us most. Ubisoft listen to the community and fix the problems.
It's like censoring a 18+movie to a 6yd
I think that taking the skulls and blood out of the game would in the long run hurt the game more than help it. Personally I think this is the worst thing uni has ever done to this game
If they're taking out slot machine in all version because of the \"Gambling\" policy in china, does that mean it's going to effect Alpha Packs too?
I don't understand the attempt to make the game comply with Chinese law. It's literally a shooter where you kill other humans.\n\nChina is okay with killing other humans with firearms and other weapons, but not okay with blood, skulls, sex, and gambling?\n\nMore logically we should just say fuck you to China and their stupid distorted perspective of the world.
Well I have Ben watching you for half a year ??yay
Zen I got a question and I really hope you can help , because so far ubisoft have not helped at all (Not replying on there there website to the forums) . In February  2018 ubisoft announced that South Africa will be getting severs so that we don't have to play with a ping of 170+ on EU severs.\nhttps://youtu.be/-Zsn6tP_TLg     37:40 min in.    \nDo you have any idea if this is still going to happen? Seems like it have just been forgotten and all the south african siege players hopes of playing with a ping less than 170 is slowly dying. Really love you videos!!! and I hope you have any answer to what we can do to get a reply out of ubisoft. And thanks a lot for all your fantastic videos!!!
Sorry i just watched
I saw updates and my first thought was acog jagar
So they gonna remove bandit, theme park, and cav?
you do realize the more content creators of rainbow trust in these dumb censorship’s the more Ubisoft will enforce them. they got away with the “hate words” in chat, and it looks like they are getting away with this too, and let’s not forget these censorship’s get them more money. this ends now. even though it seems little right now, action will be taken slowly but surely to make it watered down for the next generation that plays rainbow.
Asians..... Nothing else to really say and thats coming from an Asian... sigh.......
Operation censorship
N E R F B A S T I O N
I think the Moroccan season will be released on December 4th or 5th
How do u join
So, what's the big deal with cencering r6, why are people upset about it?
who throws nades outside
Fucking Chinese
We realize siege is literally killing terrorists rite?
Nerf Bastion
Simply do what blizzard does, let China have there kiddy corner respect for the dead servers, and we can have the big boy servers that are unchanged. There is NO reason to make us suffer the same censorship! Unnecessary.
What if there is a sandstorm? Ubisoft experimenting with scenery events in a way...
NERF BASTION (get it)
80% Ubi is working with Tencent to brings R6S to China, 70% on Tencent's Wegame platform(just like Steam), if you stop fighting against censorship you will end up having blood turns black or green like CSGO CN or other crazy stuff. We Chinese players are facked but you guys still have chance.  \nBest solution is to make two versions of the game like other games do, Wegame version gets censored but rest of the world won't(anyone who bought the game on Steam or Uplay including Chinese players )
\"Bringing a game to a new region is only a good thing\" clearly you have never had to play literally next to them.
region lock plz. i don't want to play censored r6
Making any changes to please the Chinese government is shameful, we shouldn’t have to be governed by those laws by proxy...
I glue a claymore onto my drone and chase defenders with it
im with you zen they need to  make a gore switch to turn it off or on
Damn communist china
It’s esthetics. As long as it doesn’t affect gameplay I don’t care
Here's a different take, the China controversy is in an attempt to get a T-Rating to appeal to parents of  teens and children. The Chinese part just makes a good scapegoat. There's no reason for us to share the same game build with them. Community wise we wouldnt have any contact with them, they don't even have youtube. If there's no interaction with them why do it? Pro leagues perhaps? Im doubtful.
Man are u serious, China what's wrong with u?
Man fuck china
Its understandable that for the Chinese Market, the game would be altered accordingly. Nothing wrong there, but why is the rest of the world being cucked ,even if they don't live in China?\n\nI mean Germany for example has strict laws in regards to nazi symbols within video games, since games are not aknowledged as art and therefore aren't allowed to show or reference that sort of stuff unlike movies and books. Yet you don't see the sort of censorship in a game like Wolfenstein outside of Germany.\n\nI think this is simply wrong from Ubisoft to not bother having multiple versions around and screw over everyone that doesn't live in China. A setting option to choose if you want gore or not on would be perfect. Have it by default be OFF on the chinese version and boom, done.
Get ready for Chinese hackers they cant even dile with usa hackers right now
dont read the comments lmao
I just want weekly or bi-weekly updates.
When Blitz elite skin is going to be on or what date
This is a rated M game...right?
we shouldn’t need to suffer from their government but having a switch is a great idea and it keeps us together and happy and that is important
I personally think ubi is selling out. They think bringing this change will make them more money. While i think its true, they will probably lose lots of players from the USA and europe
China always fucks everything up
Hey zen could I get a vid on Xbox keyboard mouse support?
About the slot machines, what kind of gun is that in the before? Maybe a teaser of a new ops gun?
Well that's explains why their language is so complicated!! #justkidding Can't wait for the next season.btw I'm Moroccan!!
Dude that Chinese thing is so wak, WHY!!!!!
Well. . . There go 40% of the Operator Bios, Jaeger's halloween headgear, a handful of charms and weapon skins. . .
I’ve been waiting for this video ????
Actually dota 2 isn't different in china its a global the only thing they change was wraith king
just so you know, blood is literally banned in china, so.. no more blood i guess
5 bucks says as soon as siege hits China it’ll be hacker heaven
Censorship:\" These are huge changes\". Oh cmon... It's a few little design changes, people are acting like these are game changing.
The censorship is so dumb ??
new players are great, But if they take out the blood splatter on shooting operators it just wastes the time and effort to make those details and will ,make it less Real tactical shooter to some dudes playing nerf.
I'm Chinese and I've Been playing for a year and a half and I'm excited for my country to get this game that I love, but I'm not up for the censorship change.
Fuck the changes why don’t they make a separate version for the Chinese with all the changes they want so they don’t fuck us over
China sucks ass
Isn't Blackbeard's icon a skull?
China is Eastern not western but other than that good video
Operation Nerf Bastion
Nerf bastion ?
Littest outro
I LOVE YOU ZEN
The idea of the switch thingy is a great idea actually it will just save some of the hassle,maybe just make china version auto gore off and us auto on
6:41
FUCK YOU CHINA THEY ARE SO FUCKING SPECIAL
Cavieras name is fine bc it doesn’t directly translate to skull, the first 3 and last 3 letters are the same as the actual word, but not the i and e
Bloody commies
I don’t have a problem really with the blood, sex etc changes but why the fuck have a game where its about killing and more. Its just went from 18+ to 7+...
I think there might be problems with the “switch” Chinese people might turn it on and get arrested or fined
I think zen has a very under appreciated sexy voice
Year 2 ops too expensive
Says makes an impact while throwing an impact grenade. Lol
Gambling? What about alpha packs? That’s gambling, so the Chinese will just get that stuff for free? Or what? WHAT?
I think that the censorship is really really stupid
I hate these changes because why should one country change a whole world game
I heard this myth that game developers used to care about what their community wanted. Not just to make money?? Thoughts?? ????
Can't wait for more hackers
No Ubisoft. Don't make the game better for Chinese people. YOU KNOW HOW MANY YING/LESION MAINS THEY WILL HAVE? Alexa, what's the population of China?
Great video
How dare you Ubisoft! My Favorite Stripper is being censored! I hate Club House now.
@7:55 to answer your question its gubisoft they take the cheap way out every chance possible. #operationhealth
I playing this game since the beta and bought it on the release date and still play it , if the blood marker from fire shots are gone I’m gone , & fuck China btw
siege itself is a violent game i dont get china
Ubisoft needs help
TAIWAN NUMBA WAN
Why not just add a censor option for different regions
the problem is china will bring a lot more hackers then we already have, so it will be Operation get hacked
well bandits getting removed if there removing stuff that promotes drugs
cough cough Chinese Hackers cough cough
I feel like the map is gonna be like border, but just a security checkpoint
when i heard wind i thought of OP smonk
pc users about to get sent to the shadow realm once China hops in. hope you had fun
Yeh special club challenges too bad their down rn
So China can only play Tetris?
Wish there would be a Vegas style map... BUT NO THE GAME HAS TO GO TO CHINA FUCK CHINA
@ubitsoft needs to watch this  video we need an on off switch rainbow will not be the same without all of the graphics and display items
I love this!!
NERF BASTION!!!!
So happy dude I’ve been mailing ela and this is amazing
No, it's not good bringing it to Chinese markets, we don't need more hackers like PUBG had from China, moreover most of then don't even or can't speak English. It hurts the community, especially in ranks.
your thumbnails make no sense. i dont get how theyre so attracrive, but so plain.
Make a gore option and make it so that zig you live in China, you can’t choose YES for gore, it is always locked on NO
Am I able to opt out of the poppy charm?
What about the drugs on theme park with the Chinese things????
This is so sick I am just so upset about the censorship but I will survive
0:57 did you intend that Zen
The new season could be released on 20th~ December or January
Censorship? Fuck that shit
I'm thinking a sand storm will hit the building so you cant here noise
I have dealt with pretty bs stuff in rainbow including what is about to happen such as the censored things that are about to happen. This bothers me. But if they make 1 operator less thicc im out and will quit r6.
What about drug lab???
What about bastion?\n\n\n\n\nnerF BAStiOn
Yay operation china cheats
He said impact game play as he impacts a hatch?? 0:58
When it will reach China there will be way way more hackers with probably hacks that can break the game more.
Teams will be called Police and criminals in abit, honestly wouldn’t be surprised
Promotes violence? Boi its a game built around killing people??
I absolutely hate the censorship thats coming and think ubisoft is actually retarded for doing this
3:50  RIP BANDIT
If they changing shit they should have 6v6 instead of 5v5
December 4th. But I think I got that from you.
Censoring one or multiple aspecta of a game for the whole because a small minority of people will be offended or it breaks a law is just so ridiculous. It's cheaper yes but it creates a divide in the fan base. The small minority should be able to have a voice of course. And that's why their should either be different versions of a game or an option to change or get rid of offensive material. This is WW2 all over again
Its so annoying that they are taking out the blood!!! Idc about anything esle thats the reason i play seige for that and the unique tactical
Why is Ubi so damn lazy like just make a version of the game for China.
Rip bandit. Are they gonna change his voice line too? Is Doc gonna be using band-aids instead of drugs.
You have it wrong. Siege is copying overwatch. Wind bastion or winston and bastion or ill be bastion nerf bastion youre right so winston i wana be winston
The censorship means less demonized siege videos for me ???? so meh
Notting weard that everybody hates chinese thay break everything
nice vid my guy btw this is IPRAISETHEBUUTY get a discord brother
I think me and most of the community are not pissed abt the changes themselves, most likely if they changed it without saying anything we would not even realize, we r pissed that we have to change our experience(as small as the change is) to suit one country... china
That would be dope having wind as a environmental layer , i think one of the gears of war games did that on some maps . Thought it was cool and the way they did it wasnt annoying the wind would happen ever so often
please another, PLEASE, another anti breach
Hey Zen I think that censorship sucks because this is a first person shooter and it has to have bloody characteristics plus this is not a kids game Anubis out
I hope they make a separate version of the game to have in china
strict law on china? so why most of the hacks are originated there?
I am ok with skull replacements, I might be ok with blood removal, but I am NOT ok with asset removal like slot machines. It might even affect gameplay. It means less stuff to cover behind.
If theres more Chinese playing the game means much more hackers happens with every game
I really want them to keep the blood spladder i really like it because after you team kill one of your friends or after a teamate is killed i like to keep shooting them because of the blood
Ubisoft wanting one singular version shows how lazy and greedy they are. They want maximum profits with minimum work, and forcing people who aren't Chinese citizens to adhere to Chinese standards is complete bullshit. Until they make it so that there are 2 builds I won't be playing, and I'm not the only one evidently. Ubisoft shit the bed, they need to make some amends.
I hope they give that option but not full change cus friend can’t play certain games cus of blood and stuff
Blackbeard clickbait
Get ready for FUCKING SHIT TON OF HACKERS WOOOOOOOOOOO
Zen can I play with you one day ?
Chinese player here. Thank you so much Zen for such detailed explanations, I can tell you did a lot of research on this. However, I do want to clarify a few things: \n1. The game is not banned in China and all player can access r6 via uplay or steam. \n2. The global version for siege is currently played by the Chinese players, the Chinese build of the game under Tencent's agency is still in process. 3. Chinese players are against Ubi's action as well, the potential change to Chinese version siege could be huge and may very well affect the core game play of the game; Region lock is also not welcome. So don't be mad about Chinese players on these changes since we quite disagree with them as well.\n4. The only difference that a Chinese version siege will bring is Chinese pro league teams and more exposure rate of the game to the public. Since the streaming of the game is banned as being a part of the government examination over the game.
There was a new teaser, about 4 hours ago
As a british player myself i dont think i should follow the rules of a country im not living in wether they want money or not
Ubisoft has single handedly killed Las Vegas from the Rainbow Six universe and Canon R.I.P. Sin City
Damn i'm polish, i wish i could just get it for free. I don't have either of them.
Why the fuck would they not make a completely different version for China like for example what Csgo did, this just retarded!
Uggghhhhhhh. I’m not going to quit the game because of the changes they’re making, but it doesn’t mean I agree with these changes. It’s pretty stupid that the Chinese government would ban these types of things, especially since the game is already rated M. Now, a solution I can come up with for the Chinese government is another game rating. It could simply be called “uncensored.”
Im pissed. its a shooters game! N they want it pg-13 its rated M for a reason
Is it just me or are there almost more females than males in the game? i dont care there are girls, but its not realistic at all that its almost a 50/50 when in real life is almost a 80/20.\n\nalso, the censorship i think its really stupid, if it is illegal in china, make the china servers run the PC servers and leave the normal servers alone.
it seems like no one is going to use Bandit in China (DRUGS)
#fuckchinalaw
I dont care about the aesthetic changes to R6  as long as Cav keeps her face paint
Lol fuk  chinese  population \nHope We won't have any type of issues-lag with The servers. ... Hope they  Will have their own server cause the chinese gamers that Will buy r6s are gonna be considerably high  ... so i expect that ubi will create servers in that area  or  europeans like me are gonna have over 500ms or so. ...... pls ubi  this season will keep this game alive or killing it forever \n( pls  also buff BB )
NERF BASTION!!!
I'm personally okay with the changes unless they remove the hitmarker like blood splattering. That's when it becomes different for me. But does the censorship mean they'll have to remove all the drugs in some maps? Considering there is a location on theme park called drug lab, who knows what will happen. There is also a room full of weed on Favela. And what about all of Bandit's cocaine across the different maps? Some of this is a little concerning for me
fuck china
i think you're way off with the whole \"wind\" thing
Wait what?? They want to change melee icon from knife to fist IN A GAME ABOUT GUNS??
With the censership will that mean we might not be getting a Chinese orperater because it could be a harmful to China.
As long as it doesn’t effect core gameplay I really don’t give a shit
honestly they should just make the censored version a default setting in china, i like to keep my blood splatters on maps
I feel like siege is selling out the community just a little bit
Thanks for the great vid zen you keep me updated on almost every siege related thing but I kinda want ubi to allow leaning without aiming down sights on console
Thanks for this zen now im hyped for this season
I mean im fine with the changes but the skull thing in club house is pretty bad ass so thats not that nice
They are removing drug lab
#2buildsorriot
3:50 looks like no guns in siege anymore
Nerf Bastion
Please tell me this is fake
Censorship thought\nWell, I follow about the switch option to turn GORE on or not.\nDefault value should be off for everyone, but when it comes to the Chinese republic, they'll be some Chinese guy that will turn the gore on to see how it's like, finding this version offensive and thus, lead to a problem...\n\nMorroco Operation\nThe wind effect would be pretty cool and if it affects the grenade throw, it'll just make the skills et a little higher for nades, since you have to calculate where's the wind blowing, where you want your nades, then compensate for the throw.\nOverall, I can't wait to see (Although not on the TTS sadly)\n\nConclusion\nCosmetic changes : I agree to these changes but I don't need my game to be censored.\nMorocco ops : we had a trailer dropped plus some details about the operators, I'm looking forward to that ??\n\nAm I a sub? I should!
So is siege pg 12 now?
I kinda dont like the censorship but  the only thing i want to know are the new operators
If China don’t want it then too bad for them??
Crossplay needs to be added
I dont really care, like you said as long as theres still blood splatter from a shot connecting or a trail if you down them it's not a big deal. My only issue is that they are enforcing another countries laws on a global scale and I just cant support that regardless of how much i like the game.
Censorship ok then take clash out
We don't want Chinese players look at PUBG china brings hackers not all of them are but I'd says its a good majority
Nice video
0:45 and 6:40 XD
F the censorship this game is a tactical shooter if China can’t be mature then DEAL WITH IT!!!
Why don't they make it different based on you're place it's so stupid
Great content ????
Fuckin ching chongs
CHINA CAN GO FUCK THEMSELVES AND THEIR STUPID POLICIES, I’m pretty sure Ubisoft is making enough money without selling an extra 1 billion copies of the game that’s 3 almost 4 years old
Not a fan of the censorship. You are fighting terrorists and over all horrible people. It’s not like rainbow just wanted to fight so there you go, there are drug labs, corrupt mafia homes, biker gang club houses. Fuck, even Bandit, an operator, did some fucked up stuff undercover.
As Asian, I am more concerned about hackers. China has a law that kinda supports hacker. They can buy and refund as many time as they can. Hacker abuse this system. \nPerfect example ruined by Chinese hacker is PUBG. That game is filled with Chinese hacker and its literary unplayable in Asia.
Hm. Well thats shitty
man idc about what changes and what does not change as long as it's about sieging, i'm okay with that...but im more interested about the operators armory, gadgets, but most importantly for me, their bios...it tells us more about the operator...
Nice Gator Bait camo I have it too.
FPS games going global has never been a good thing for the oce region ;-;
im done with this game. actually trash
America has left the chat
You da man zen thanks for the info dude. Hopefully the changes coming soon don't snow ball and get worst over time.
They should make a vr siege
It's fine if there's an off and on button  otherwise worst decision every ubi just like clash
I might quit rainbow after the censorship
Think about the operators with skulls for their icons like twitch, blackbeard, cav and maybe ela but this will effect the tactical realism as zen said, and could be potentially a bad choice by ubisoft as that they can lose more players in the regions that play it most. I have no issue with the chinese having their own laws on video games but, should that infulence us aswell? Just make two different versions, they have the line of coding, so just change that and release that in china or where ever the law applies. I dont want to stop playing the game but i will if they completey change the meta, i have spent £100+ on this game and i don't want it to be wasted. But why change it now and not at the very beginning of siege when it was released. Wow that took a long time to write
As a moroccan...HOLY ??UCK THE HYPE IS KILLING ME
Are they going to take out the random card picking, that's kind of like gambling.
I don’t like the censorship change because it will take away the chance of a casino map. It’s also the aesthetics we all know and love. It should be kept
a lot of people is from china in asian servers wtf?
Gambling isn't prohibited in China but what about Alpha Packs because those weren't mentioned
all the skins with skulls
So china kinda fucked up the most things i liked in the maps
all they have to do to keep blood is make it so that on chinese servers, the blood is blue, thats what pubg did
This censorship shit is fucking retarded
Srs China can frick em selves lol. Ubi again add a gore button or something
Have any of you guys that play had a problem with acog for fuze. It's like or getting hit by a flashbang but only were the retical is
Ela is lit my BAE! She is lit the sexiest looking operator! ??????
this game is 18+ so i don't get why censoring stuff is necessary in the first place but besides all of that, i really hope that the bloodspatter on the walls will stay when i shoot a enemy it helps like allot to track people down(like Zen said).
there better be region locks
Ubisoft wants a Chinese pro league team, which explains their censorship.
That impact coordination @ 0:58 tho
In my personal opinion this could leave a bit of a dint in the playerbase. But hey we'll never know till it happens.
In teamfortress 2 there's and optional setting to turn off gore and for the German version (and other countires with strict game laws) it's fixed off. It works quite well and keeps the censors happy even though there's a way round it. I can see this option working for R6S too.
I don't understand the Hereford rework the map was good now it sucks
why even add different weather types
I think they will lose more players instead of making more. Because that were all the highlights in r6 for me and now they want to remove it :(. I mean im still gona play it but its not the game anymore it was before.
“Anything that promotes drug use” RIP Bandit
Screw the Canadians at Ubisoft bending down to China like northern Teddy Bears that they are, we’re all adults why censor things.
bring back maestro hipfire
I think the community should be a lot harder on Ubisoft and push for separate servers. Even if you don't care about these current changes,  worse stuff can only come (like the aforementioned blood splattered removal) and taking the stance now will be our best bet to have this game saved from being further molested. Also in before, \"it's only cosmetic!!!1\" or any dumb arguments like that since you might as well just have the whole game be gray squares and hitboxes with that logic (and you must not like skins, right?). Bottom line is, I don't live in China so why should something I like be changed according to their backwards laws?
Time to remove jeager’s Halloween skin.\nAre they also gonna remove the ash headgear, castle headgear, etc.\nAlso cav’s facepaint and name there is aslo Some other headgear that litteraly gives her a skull mask\n\nI most of the time don’t care About these kind of changed because there is most of the time a filter for it or different servers. But the reason Why they did this ikks what i hate the most, it just feels like a big cash grab at this moment
What going to happen to bandits intro the drug 1
3:56: first skulls, now drugs... sooo.... they gonna change bandit aswell? Fuck this then... i’d rather play gaynite then
This is what fascism is doing to the world, impeding on our freedoms indirectly...
So R6S is about to be all super weenie hut Jr. with the censorship?
Nerf bastion
Fuck China, don’t change it just for those fuckers.
I’ll play wind bastion...\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\nNerf bastion!
I don’t care about the censorship except for the blood since it’s a trademark. But the game is too fun to get angry about the game
They should remove bandit cause you know \"drugs\"
The censoring stuff sucks, this isn't fortnite.
F China. Is my opinion
Since Morocco has a desert, it could be that the map can be sometimes in a sandstorm and make it harder to peek because of the winds
I don't care about wether those changes affect gameplay or not, what I care about is that Ubisoft is clearly being lazy and stingy by applying these changes worldwide instead of making a different client for China. Accepting this is setting a precedent where they can be as lazy and greedy as they want and we can't do anything about it.\n\nAs a AAA company, Ubisoft obviously has the resources and personnel to make a different client, or even a 'toggle gore' option, AND to fix the several issues which having been annoying us for over a year, but they are too cheap to do so and choose to spend their time  thinking up ways on how to make more money with micro-transactions on Siege and all of their other games.
Thanks for the history lesson
Nerf bastion
0.57 'Impact On Game play' While Throwing An impact Grenade In The Game play. WowZa
If I see someone from china in my game they are getting vote kicked.
They also probably wont take away the biggest part of this game\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\nbugs and glitches
How do you know so much?
NERF BASTION
I'm gonna buy both of them I'm gonna have fun and I'm Moroccan by the way
Bruh Chinese play on other freakin servers anyways so y r u trying to adjust the entire game to them
They should have made a separate build for the Chinese. If Hi-Rez (a company that is much smaller than Ubisoft) can do it why can't Ubisoft replicate the same effort. \nAnd second, I'm gonna be spamming \"Ching Chong Ping Ling\" when Chinese hackers eventually hit the game.\nThink I'm gonna call it Operation: Hong Kong 97.
Chinese people Fucking suck
Damn commies are still ruining shit
Operation Censorship
Prepare for incomprehensible teammates and a crap ton of hackers
Zen, dont confuse people... ONLY enviromental blood will be removed and the blood coming out of operators will still stay.
Better change this name rating to M to T
[comment censored in favor of chinese market]
I hope this game dies out so quickly now
can we just talk about, if they are removing skull imagery, what the fuck is going to happen to jagers Halloween skin? are they going to change it and fuck over all the people who bought packs just fr it?
Duuuude i understand that they maybe have to adept to china, but why do we have to \"compensate\" for this? -.-
The changes are dumb and unnecessary. Just do what every other company has done. It’s stupid
Honestly, I don’t care about the aesthetic change. It does not affect me
Honestly Screw China why does siege need to grow that big bigger means more problems
Late to the party as always zen
What are the gonna change the ceifador headgear for cav to if this censorship happens
Yay, here comes the Chinese hackers. Yaaay
If China wants to play it leave it be, because Rainbow is a MA15+ game if you censor all those things, then what’s the point
Yo Zen ur a good youtuber I like ur thoughts about bringing the setting where u can turn it off or on. It gives us the choice that we all want
The switch system would be ideal or having a censored version in an uncensored version still playable on the global servers for PVP. This is a m-rated game that's a military anti-terrorist shooter and people get offended at bloodshed and bad words in chat I think they need to find a new game. If you want ubi to stop fucking with the game that we've all purchased and falling in love with boycott the game email them call them let them know your frustrations and refuse to play the game or promote it until they knock their bullshit off if you're okay with the constant censorship then keep playing the game till it's very cores and values are taken away to conform to the small group of crybabies instead of listening to the majority.
Incoming “R.I.P. seige lol no skulls FUCK China” Comments
Bastion? instantly thinks of Bastion from Overwatch.
Wind and bastion have to do with the operators..wind for attacker..bastion for defender
The aesthetic changes are such a non-issue. A couple of skulls and blood splatters are gone, that means nothing and does nothing to compromise the core image of rainbow. The changes to kill symbols is slightly more annoying but after a short adjustment period she be unnoticed. If these changes were made and people weren't told it is unlikely to have been noticed by the majority of players that are complaining. If Ubisoft want to get their game out to a wider audience they have every right to make these changes, without all of this criticism from people.
Whats with the Slot Machine Charm?
Dude it’s a fucking M rated game it’s not meant for kids
I think that on this map any bullets shot outside have a curb to reduce running outs and spawn peaking
God damn i dont like thes changes. They take away the character and charm from these maps, especially clubhouse
NERF BASTION
I agree that they should add a turn on or off gore button.
Hello again zen!! You probbly don’t remember me from ur last vid but basicly what i said was cud u pleaseeee make a beginners tips vid please cos I sorta nead 1 4 my beginners vid but I’m not a pro so I nead some tips from the best off the BEST so please zen make a vid of a quick 3 minute beginners vid if so or not reply love the videos zen thanks!! !!!
Ur gameplay always looks like you are pretending to be a pro
Awesome video. Only place I come for rainbow six news!!!
China can go fuck off its a damn video game if you don't like it leave
First or second week of December is when they come out
Rip Coastline and Bandit :(
Why should we change bunch of stuff for just one country
On censorship what about all the skull masks and paints
Maybe when you down someone and they crawl away there will be like a white line or something
honestly if they are going to take out the blood and drugs and etc. then you might as well drop the M rating on your game to T because the game will not feel the same after this change.
If there is going to be censorship coming will the age to bye the game go down?
I dont get why they would apease a smaller audience in china. Just keep the cool astetics in siege and dont ruin anything
So when exactly is this new season starting? Does anyone know?
Omg the censorship shit.....im pissed!!
You were 50% there with the Bastion train of thought, its because the new map is set in a Fort atop some mountains.
I just aced
will be in the chinese version also changed bandits lore ? :D  he had to deal drugs so...its against that law , no ? :D
why not just change china servers\n??
I think the new skull looks pretty dope , but the old one could stay. But any other changes should be integrated in China only , or as u said , with a switch to the old one
Fuck China and why remove the stripper light in CLubhouse thats retarded.
Ubisoft is a sell out they won’t even fix their servers or the Fuckin bullet delay fuck siege
I noticed your aim has improved. Thanks for the news!
...anything that promotes drug use\nBandit: smiles
so, if they are gonna remove gambling and etc, alpha packs will be gone?
Zen your update videos are actually so fun to watch you have to be my fav R6 You tuber
We don't want content, we want hit registration code that actually works.
wind is capitalist so they will now change the name for the chinese goverment
I don't agree with the censorship. Although I do not blame China for it. I think that Ubisoft should just keep it the way it is.
RIP any potential casino map :(
I don’t really care about the censorship but i wish they gave cav some other type of warpaint and i don’t really understand the controversy except for maybe the cav skull paint but idk just my thoughts
I cry ??
Leave our game alone Ubisoft
Ubisoft claims they try to combat hackers. Then enables comminism updates inviting the most hackers in the world to the game.
The language thing is actually already in the game
Third hackers season in 3....2......1
Keep playing as a team doesn't actually work, you really need 5 people in your party before starting queuing... I tried it with the Lenovo challenge hadn't worked for me.
NERF BASTION
We'll see. It's incredibly stupid. The lottery machines being ripped out should also lead to no more lootboxes. If you don't want betting culture in your game, you shouldn't have betting at all.
Of course there are some nice challenges...\n\n\n\n\nAs soon as I’m grounded
Rainbow let's buff ash how about Jager umm no he to over powered
are they gonna be removing the drugs on caost
We need blood in rainbow to see where we have hit
Holy shit grim sky went bye so fast
This Asian thing is dum the voice chat will be ruined
God please, global server? With china? This is gonna be so painful, im half chinese, and trust me when I say global server with china is the worst thing that can happen to siege players. Most of chinese people dont speak english, they will just yell \"china number one\"and shit like this, and then yell in chinese and something feom  their poor english arsenal. And the worst part of this all, is that I will understand what they are sayin. \n\nI just hope china will have a asian server and stay away from Europe. Its not like I dislike china, but I dont like it either. Especially their players\n\nAnd lastly, thanks for the updates zen, at least when the storm comes, ill know why.
I think the 4th of December will be when the morrocon season will come out.
Idk if this will happen but i feel like opening this game up to china will bring a ton of hackers. We all know what happened to pubg where every game had at least 1 hacker. If china is going to be introduced they need to be region locked. Please comment what you think about this problem.
\"GAMBLING RELATED CONTENT\" BUT ALPHA PACKS ARE A-OKAY!
Are they going to get rid of the Slot Machine Charm?????
Let's play far cry 5 in China
Whoever made China video game laws are pussys not trying to be racist
“Super tactical experience.” \n\n*joins game in progress, recruit rush taking place.”
cHiNa Is A bUnCh Of PuSsIeS
Yeah more players is always a good thing....except if they're chinese      \n\ndoes anyone remember the PUBG cheating problem?
Are they going to fix the headshot problem
I have no problems just if they take out the blood I will be angry
That censorship is DISGUSTING
You should make an attachments video for all operators console!!:)
The defense opp is going to be a opp like castle
Changeing core eh... YOU MAKING A GODLY GAME \"R6S\" MORE FAMILY FRIENDLY!
U thirsty for that siege boi
6:40 OOF! That Ela!
Been playing since midnight release faithfully and is my favorite game but It has not been the same since Ubisoft Head been up pro league ass and they might not think this update with the blood and some of the visuals is a big deal but it is. Stay true to the game go back to the first season.
#showelasomeloveonconsole\n#buffelaonconsole\n#buffela
Guys let’s vote kick Ubisoft
You cant compare blizzard to ubisoft. ubit uses one platform so they dont have to do dubble the work
Not that many news are there
Does this mean Lion is being removed for being Catholic? ??
Nice video
Make Blackbeard shield have 5HP and remove all the downsides you can have with it and make it so when using you have lower recoil. For Glaze remove smokes and give them to IQ (win rate of IQ will increase and decrease for glaze). For Castle make it so defenders can go through the doors. Lion, remove him from the game. Tachanka, total rework. Clash is fine. Ash is fine. Zofia, remove 1 concussion nade. Buck, make him more consistent. Let Mute counter Maverick. Since Lion is removed from the game, remove Dokkaebi ability of hacking cameras or at least let her have all the cameras less Yokais and Valkrie cameras. Let Jackal be able to track 2 people at once, yes annoying but at least we won't have 2 carbines roaming (Jaeger and Vigil). Hibana is balanced. Blitz should be removed from the game, RNG operator. Let Frost have 1 more traps and remove 1 trap from kapkan and 2 from Lesion but let Lesion have a faster recharge rate. So at end of the round he stops being a clutch master just because of his annoying traps. Ying candelas should have a pattern like fuzes grenade clusters. Buff the CZ and not the SMG-12. By the way, don't care about the censoring as long they don't change game play.
I thinks it’s dumb put a switch on it
well, the building seems to look like a fortress with watch towers so I suspect the defense op is gonna have to do with that as the female op is pointing somewhere and the other male op has binoculars in their had. I believe this because I don't think Ubi featured binoculars in any other leaks, have they?.
WE fcking kill ppl in the game,this censorship shitt stupid
SJW Bugisoft
waiting for an update wheee i can get r6
IF CHINA DONT WANT EXPLICID GAMES LIKE SIEGE WHY THE FUCK WOULD THEY LET UBISOFT HAVE THIS GAME IN CHINA I HOPE IT DOESN'T HAPPEN
Zen i watch u for a little while now (sinds i started playing r6) and i love ur vids and i watch all of em but im not gonna pay to join , but i hope i will still belong in the lzs once.  Ps. i would love to play r6 with you once,  can i add you?
Lol deletes the slot machines but have loot bags in their game that you can pay real money and for the Halloween pack you had to pay money.
Are u playing in Bronze Elo?! You always get retarded enemies and you're always fucking crouch peeking...
Hope the $5 a month helps
Not being funny, but literally no one is going to even acknowledge the censorship changes whilst you’re playing, it’s pathetic and petty that people are getting ‘upset’ get a grip, it’s helps the game grow, and that’s what everyone has been asking for.
STOOOPID CHINA WANTING LESS BLOOD FUCKING TWATS
Thank god its not a blackbeard change
NERFBEARD??
If China comes to this game, there will be a shit ton of hackers #chineesehackers
I think the new season will be on December
#BuffClash
Man fuck China don't change my Bloody fucking game
Ur the best i love this channel \nI am always waiting for u to upload \nWhen new stuff come to R6
Nothing that promotes drug use... guess coastline and bandit are getting removed
What about cavs face paint
December 6th or something around that
Boi said western countries for Asian countries
I don't like this censorship proposal. They said they wouldn't change gameplay, but are taking out 3D assets, thus can offer more sight lines and different spots to place bullet proof cameras. And in the Chinese law, it states that it won't promote cults, but the map Oregon is literally the base for a cultist group.
Ubisoft are only censoring everything so they can make more profit from selling to China.\nThey don't care about any of the community or improving their game.
What about some gun skins with skulls on them?
NERF BASTION
I agree they should have a switch for regions skyscraper just wont feel right without the blood.
Another YUUUUGGGGEEE UPDATE! \n\nRED WAVE  ??
This censorship is idiotic we shouldn’t be led by stupid censors for money. This is morally wrong! They just should make two versions of the game and everyone would be happy
I think they are gonna be trap ops
LOL good luck with all the hackers battleeye
Tbh im fine woth some of these changes and i love seeing r6s grow but its hard to play ranked because sometimes i play with people from different regions and i cant really do good because i cant understand them. I think there should be different servers to better understand each other and play better\n\nP.S- if this sounded racist its not i just want to play with people i can understand well
tnx for the vid
Hello I am a fan who would like to play with u I just recently started on pc
So what is Bandit gonna do without drugs?
Thanks for the awesome update! Noone ever does this job as good as you!
Damn commies
R6 year 3 season 4: operation nerf bastion
we need region lock
No!! nerfs no more blood what's next? No more Cav or capi?
Id want them to do reverse of what they are doing, id like them to add more gore and edge, id like them to do like CoD, so that you can get ur limbs blown off, so obviously, i HATE what they are doing
dammit china
Why can’t the restrictions be based on location or servers
Only 102k subs? Dang i've been watching for some time now and i think i speak for a lot of people. You deserve way more!
My problem is that Ubi has already admitted they are going to need multiple versions of the game anyway, so why bother. Just does not make any sense to me.
I'm hyped so far for this
If they censor the blood that will be sad af
i wanna be winston ??
They have to remove bandit
I love your vids zen honestly my most favourite r6 youtuber keep it up(;
[this comment has been censored by the People's Republic of China]
Yeah but if you look in the comments of VarsityGaming's video there is a comment that is from a Chinese person, yes Chinese, that talks about how their version of siege is the same as ours at the moment but they're changing it for baso no reason.
Ubisoft doesn't want to change core gameplay but by changing caveira and her face paint they change the spookiness of her
0:57 timing
So.. ¿\nNo Skulls=No Mexican Operators? ;(
siege has alpha pack gambling , drugs, and it involves around these things what is ubi going to do replace cav ,bandits op vid , half theme park??
What they going to do with the drugs in theme park change it to glitter??\nEdit: most likes i've ever had
No balls you won't pin this comment
Quality content
NERF BASTION!!!
Nice great informations from you thx Dude ????
Excuse my language but . Fuck China
Can you do a video on when the blitz elite will come out?
\"... Drug use\" well then they will never experience favela and coastline. BTW @zen ubisoft really (im not lying) removes the make up of caveira
They can do whatever they made the game if u don't like it don't play it
Hi zen how are you
Man I literally heard about this an hour ago and you already have a vid up
What about Drug Lab on Theme park, a Chinese map!
I'm hyped about this new map it's gonna be fun
Dude coreross got all this info over to us in less than 6 mins ads are not fun!
FIRST
U made me happier thanks
Nice vid ??
Nerf Bastion?
Keep up the vids fave YouTuber ever love u man ????
360p squad :p
U mean operation censorship
Daddy
Im Moroccan And Im sooo Excited  Lets Fucking Goo ????
360p squad
I'm a time traveller.
Nerf Bastion
Can someone tell me what date the new season coming out
love from Australia.
Good video and all but...... 360p..
I'lL bE bAstIon\n\n\n\n\n\n\nNeRf BAstiON
144p squad?
Notif squad :D
Why is the video 360p?
1st to watch the whole vid
Wassup Zen?
Love ur videos
Season 4 HYPE :D
Noti squad
New barricade look?
Already know all the News but i still wanna watch your video <3
I am a Walmart. SHOP IN ME
First one lol
First
Well time to start grinding
To anyone that sees this comment, I hope you have a great day and enjoy it!!
I love yourvids
Ash is pro
360p squad
First!!!\nThank you for keeping us up with updates.\nYou are such an active YouTuber and you should have a lot more subs.
Can u pin this pls
360p??\n\n\nNah im kidding no probs I'm a big fan
Sponges are not real.
Hi Keep lying you’re really good
Gug
First time being the first comment
ZEN IS LITT
1st
First
hi
You're the best-dude
First comment
First notification squad
First
1
Not the first
Rockin60
1st
Eyyy
First
Hello
First
First
It should be Chinese again because hAH THEY SURE DO LOVE THEM!
13:35 he almost did th r pewdiepie
That Mira you placed on the East wall you should place on the right wall. It'll be better to prevent crossfire killing you from that direction or if you have a second person playing it like Doc was at the beginning. Dope setup though, gonna steal it lol never seen that one!
On the basement strat, I like putting one Mira on the wall facing the barrel room and one on the doorway behind that looking at the outside tunnel wall, then I open that wall with the shotgun, and it watches tunnel more effectively I feel
“*whats YouTube*”
Stella Artois is a beer in France and Bellgium??
What mira gun skins does he use?
Joaquín from the book of life?
Every single time I load up one of your videos and start a queue for a match I get the same map that you are playing on and it's freaking me out.
Bruh 1v1 me Mira only
Did the rook vest save you on the drop down?
MAGA
Good job bro!!Check my new video too i am a new youtuber please help me out with your opinion????
Hi, I'm a small small almost tiny (this includes height) content creator, I am kind of new to this but please come and check my videos out. I normally make funny moments videos, thanks
Goes zofia doesn't impact shield??? Vg bro ?? your better then that way better
Your a shit Mira the first reinforcement should have been on the right side... straight away I see a mistake ???? you ain’t no Mira main ????
Im a ur mom main
I'm new to Mira so plz could you do a siege school on here cus I find them super helpful. Cheers
Did you get this strat from Get_Flanked ????
Wahkim? Is from Riverdale!
the way he says your name tho!!!!!!!
How do you have 160 FPS when my computer still gets connection problems at 20 FPS
Get_Flankedmade that first Mira strat
Who else remembers the other name he gave this vid
i got a ace with mira last night. vectors op as fuck now
Hey, was thinking about how they could nerf lion. Do you think instead of his current gadget it was more like a actual drone that you would use but when you wanted to use it the drone itself sent out that whole thing for just the room said drone was in. Each drone get so many like twitches drone and shorter times of being revealed.
Doggo's whistle when he pronounce's S's destroyed my ears through headphones
He watched get Flanked’s video on best Mira spots
What a skin in a Zofia's gun?
that miestro was lit asf
18:10 What not to do
are you spain rahqwael lol
5 ads in a 30 min vid? Come on man..
U got that from get flanked
What skin is that for vector?
10:10 "less than 2 clips" ... on a Vector... REEEEEEEEEEE
I used that strat tonight man it’s op
What's better Ela or Valk?
My friend and I are starting a team. This team will be Partaking in ESL games and hopefully more. We are looking for good players. We have requirements when it comes to rank and KD. Please Join the discord if you feel like you would like to be on this team! https://discord.gg/2ygaU7J
Was rook armor prevent Chris from down by the claymore?
Unreinforced wall mirror gang?
I want to be a better mira main but i still dont understand why you shoot out the sides of the mira when they are next to a soft wall
PSA rook armor lets you survive any explosion that would have killed you by leaving you downed how he stayed standing is unknown distance and 3 armor maybe?
Despert times call for OP operators??
7:25 should've camped on bomb A, you can see B site clearly from there and stairs as well
In Brazil, most of pro players are diamond.
verticalgaming-raquelle the true youtuber
Turned 15 today and I get a present from Chris
Mira: for the elderly to stalk strangers and not move too much
“YEA RACKUVEIL”
VIRGINTY GAMING
Bad Mira ??
Hey vg i wanna say thanks, your videos have helped me become very good at siege all though I've only played since operation meat ball i have gotten placed in plat and it's mostly because of your strats and your style of playing in general makes things easy to pick up so thanks!
METER MAID METER MAID
Roam with Rook
Do the half Mira strat that’s my favorite
A tip for Mira. Break the soft wall behind the Mira to get more sight. Like behind the reinforced wall
VIRGINITY GAMING RAQUELLE
Vertical gaming ??????
Lol @ "100% corrrelation between people at bottom of scoreboard and people who type MAGA in chat."
Stupid, I am the mira main. There can only be 1 person who mains an op in all of siege. I am a pro copper Mira who would rek u if we got in a game
Seven ads dude really?
Yo I recently got Buck do you have any tips for him like DMR or AR? Thx love your vids
stupid luis is watching this in math class im gonna tell Papa Jerry
The BM on the maestro kill.
vector shredssss
Ayy F off you commie from Canada you will never understand true freedoms, but nice vid
10:06 its a magazine not a clip
New patch for Maverick- "Fixed – Maverick’s blowtorch makes no sound on the first use on a wall." Ubisoft thinking how to make someone more broken
You guys okay Polaris every other video
Where did you get the Mira strat you used on the first round because I saw it a while ago on get flankeds channel
What is that Zofia camo around 11:30 from?
Rank matchmaking sucks as well as its ping
I just bought Mira! This is so helpful, cheers!
this game was BOMB ;)
VG stands for vine god xd
What’s the name of the gun skin you had on the ita12s
No I’m a Mira main
Nice video vertical gaming
I love how hes like im trash when he does not flick on someone...bud i couldnt even do that
YEA RAQWEALL!!
Mira is the funnest operator in the game
Whats Thema Name of this weapon Skin on Thema vector at 1:30
I just hate that ur attitude is like u dont fucking like your job everyday is like this ur just ugly in attitude and outside
He killed that guy with the Maverick torch lol.
Im 9 and i love this band
nice job raquel
Stella Artois is beer
That political comment was crap dude. No one here is talking shit about that idiot Justin Trudeau and saying Canadians who support him are idiots with no understanding of how economics work.
My brother saw one of your clips on an ifunny feature page...
I’m watching this I school
Imma Mira main to
That 2nd mira u placed at 1:07 is really bad u should keep that wall next to it reinforced and put the mira more to the door side. Talking from experience
HOLA RAQUEL!!!!
12:45 that's a kobe right there
HOOLY SHIT YOU MISS SO MANY KILLS LIKE ME
GG. Vrachwell
"GU mine doesn't affect your aim though." It does visually because of the green outline, you can't see as well...
Mira is last defence operator i want the enemy team to have
No half miras!?!?!?
Dude it looks like u used get_flanked’s mira strats from his vid
Dem mira strats tho @varsitygaming ??
Cool vid, Vilified Gaming
Why do people shoot a hole out next to a mira? Isn't it better to shoot through the wall and not be as noticable? Like, yeah you'll be able to have better vision on where they are but typically wouldn't you pre fire the spot?
So I started this mira strategy on kids room and finally now starting to see it used and now it's being used by vg hell yea
33:25 Down in a flash....
21:14 : Plays as Maverick but shoots wall instead of using his gadget ??
that crouch spam by hibana is hella toxic
VIRGINITY GAYMING
The crouch spam in ranked rn is actually awful. shit looks so goofy
When drew says words with the letter s, it hurts
Vertical gaming
I love Mira, but i dont play her much because of 2 main problems i have: A) I'm absolute trash with Mira's Vector because it's so hard for me to manage with a controller, B) I always end up with 1 idiot on my team that reinforces next to my Mira. I don't want to team kill people, but if you don't stop when I tell you to then I'm letting the Vector rip you apart.
Just saying its called a magazine not a clip
How did you get that skin?
MAGA
Where is that Mira skins from i really like them where they limited time because i have never gotten them from a pack
love ur videos vertical gaming
you should do a reaction video on your very first video of siege
Can you show me your settings? I would like to see them :D
Nice video varsity
It's usually a good idea to reinforce beside the Mira that isn't looking onto tractor as counter intuitive as that may seem.
Mira is in my top 5 for sure. Possibly top 3.
‘Rockwell’ lmao
good video Vertical Gaming!
can someone tell me how the fuck mira not die to claymore??
You know he had to do it to em.
Raquel
The East wall Mira is very risky in a 1vX situation when your player there gets killed early. A good twitch drone, or even a hibana charge can expose angles into you facing Tractor. Better off keeping the South facing Mira (preferably a half wall mira) facing tractor, and putting the other in tractor, facing east lobby side entrance.
The book of life lol classic movie
Drew gets roasted 5 min in
I like your gameplays ??
Is there a way to disable the 5v something because it doesn't pop up in this video.
Finally! You play Mira.
My merch finally came in :) love it thanks so much
i am still waiting for a compilation off varsity screaming "aaaahh" while he does something
Where did he get the skin for mira
Nice Work RACKHVEIL
Change your name to VG-Rahkweil
there is a place called laos and in their language ja is stupid
Doc, Rook, Echo, and Mira are my only defenders mains.
Rahkwail!
Pin me varsity senpai
Mira main is bae
Mirror mirror on the wall who's the worst siege player of them all?
Hey varsity!! I love your vids Keep it up! Love you
Ayyyaayayayaya
Oh yes daddy Christian give me more please daddy
Yo
Just bought mira I've been practicing in casual and Im watching this video for tips. If anyone knows good mira tips please tell me.
Seventh and Eighth
So many people leave in ranked and never come back....
Aye can I get a pin
Great video????
U mom gay
first
:j
Tape Flex
Not the hockey puck fuze more like the war criminal fuze
You should’ve just said fuze kills hostages and that would be it
Well this is a story, all about how I taught some new kids, from battle royale, Our teamwork was great, and our kills were good, Spreading peace and joy in every neibourhood(how do you spell?) We did this by giving content to the masses, Until tuxbird came in and flexed on our asses.
1:04 ??
Marcel’s voice was so familiar from VanossGaming. Anybody else?
STOP THAT
You should play with vanoss
Dfuck is The CC on the vid?
BOOM
Thermite and Ying is as good as a fanthicc as IQ and Ela
10:49 i love how you're just emptying a clip into cans of pro-pain and nothing happens
“ I guess watching their twitch doesn’t help” damn....... stream sniper spotted!
LETS GET IN THERE, dew doo dew dew my name is Cleveland brown
Wait, I see Thermite but no Thatcher. What the absolute fuck?
Love macie
You should've played with Cartoonz
9:11
1 man 1 lean 5 headshot and 5 reports lol
He knows wildcat!
Tape Flex Flex Tape
What is the skin called that he has on ying
6:31 yings legs god
"Once you get over the hump is a lot more fun" -Badger 2018
"Frost is a bad operator"
When u tried to rrevive sypher there was a trap next to sypher
can some1 make this video but just with a counter of how many time bajur says FELLAS
I bet you 50 dollars badger you wont play tf2
Ima maverick,ying,maestro,and a doc main
Frost is the best operator bitch
When you see the old recoil before grim sky and remember that the game took skill to aim at one point
7:12 its wildcat screaming
I'm gonna miss this rarted when zie internet diez
That would be awesome to play with badger#MOARbahjer
Of course the battle royalers call someone sweaty
I prefer therming that combo name is better
Good god I love this
Did you ever chose fuze in the hostage mode just to flex on teammate ni????as?
Dont call frost bad pls
shroud = friccin aimbot GOD
Tux
Thermite= Kool Aid Man
badger you are really good at seige
I got my first ace with my frost elite skin when I first got the op.
Tlex fape
CANADA!
Why does his face look like another youtuber i found 3 years ago
Fuse and Lord Tanchanka vs other operators
BARK
is bm bad manners
I just realized the thumb nail is that one drake meme
Frost isn’t even a good operator NANI gets triggered
What if im watching this on September 27th?
can you teach me
0:07 - 0:18 It can be like "A really big fucking hole coming right up", but if you're, if you're bustin a wall, and it's like a firefight, he'll be like, "A REALLY BIG FUCKING HOLE COMING RIGHT UP!!!"
90% of the time me and my friends win we are memeing and 90% of the time we lose we are going try hard
puncake
I like frost
i thoght it was ravioli
I thought the sypher only played fortnite ????
There is no such thing as a perfect vid...
My friends and i have created a perfect team called, The Thing! The=Thermite, Th=Thatcher and Ing=Ying. We have also added capitão and blitz. I cant think of a single gane we have lost with that set up
Murica!!!!!!!!!
Catch Northernlion at 10:00
This whole idea of just helping noobs is really fun and wholesome, noice one badge boi. Wish I got some ppl to have fun in this game ;-;
Shroud is OP , he gon na kill all
0:22 you need to make a song of that
JUST SLAP SOME FLEX TAPE AMD IT'LL BE FIXED
A black man, a pig, and a badger walk into a game lobby...
Flextepepettape
Tlex Flap
u need to teach vanossgameing
So funny lmao I'm ded
I fucking hate this game
a thermite quote should be "you never know whats gonna be coming through that really big fucking door coming right up"
See i played twitch during the free weekend..was that...was that a mistake?
Down enemy. Heal enemy. Let teammate finish off enemy. … … … … … Most charitable teammate ever.
WHY do you act like my friend from school. ..
he picks up his eyepatch when he leans right to see. under his eyepatch is a eye in perfect condition
U want a talk about flexing a friend of mine one tapped a hibana in the head with a black ice skinned magnum as lardex the destroyer of buffets with a dirty angle where they could only see his head
whatt is name of the song at the end
Ummm you and tux look eerily similar... 0.o
Badger meeting wildcat is like Batman and superman
“Frost isn’t even a good operator....” That hurts badger, that hurts.
I wish I had friends like them
Yo he looks like the green goblin lmao
Hi
something i'm still confused at: if you have not said it already, WHY DO YOU HAVE SO MANY FROGS?!?!?!?!!?!??!?!?!? thaks you :3
Capito has the solid snake of eyes
ARE YOU SURE ABOUT THAT
Of course Cartoonz won he is pretty good
Is it just me or does it sound like Badger & Comicstorian could be the same person. They sound EXACTLY the same.
This video was really good in till I saw your face ngl
According to all known laws of aviation, there is no way a bee should be able to fly. Its wings are too small to get its fat little body off the ground. The bee, of course, flies anyway because bees don't care what humans think is impossible.
Were you talking about Sokol from payday 2
Badger what resolution do you play at? Also what are your PC specs and peripherals?
4:39 Play erotic fucking song here!
Same with basically i do work and cartoonz
Wildcat plays with vanossgaming
MURICA
Too Flashy Dawg
a really big f*cking hole coming right up.”
I would play moar siege but my friends are too try hard to have fun with, always screaming at each other and complaining about carrying. It’s too much hassle, ya know?
Flex tape zone
Courtesy to the Russian hockey player himself Alex overchkin
That's a lot of damage
How do you get the red headgear for bandito dorito
Gubisoft needs to make an operator that flex tapes windows and make it so they can’t melee or breach charge it(like a reinforcement)
Wait....... I didnt know your in the vanosscrew now?
idk if this has been on YouTube... but this NEEDS to be seen more. Its THE BEST https://www.reddit.com/r/Rainbow6/comments/8xyt4y/ubisoft_should_remove_exothermic_charges_from/?utm_source=amp&utm_medium=top_post
Frost Is good
can we get 10 k likes :)
8:18 The fuck you just say about my bitch
But who won
Yeah I can not hot breach with a termite charge with shotgun with no attachment too
? ?????? ????? ???
This video is sponsored by squarespace
I have over 100 tks and havent been banned its great they put a suspension but I can still play terrorist hunt and glaz one shot headshot teammates :) and you cant be put on a bigger suspension it still counts the days down still tking
Badger I think you mean: Thermite+Ying = "The Thing"
Play with vanos
Is Badger true Slav?
yah therms arms are legit made of spam
Lol I got a porn and madturbation addiction rehab ad while watching this video.
Team cartoonz withe h2o delirious and ohm Team badger with him his fwend and wildcat and basically Both of those team are entertaining
Phil swift says your flex has already been sealed
TANGO SUCKA
Is it just me? Or do Tux and Smiity have the same voice
But can you do Artillery Only???!
10:29 what the fuck kinda word is “more”? I think you mean “moar”
Shit i miss the sale
Would you ever play on console?
I can't even do any backflips!!!
This is probably the best YouTuber I stumbled upon great content
please do a video on capitao he doesn't get enough love
thermite is countered by Phil swift
0:22 Thank me later.
Could u plez make a valk video i just git her and want to learn how to play her better
Should I get Ela or lesion for my next operator
I broke my glasses playing siege
thermite + ying = THE THING
Where my doc mains at?
Bajur you are my favorite YouTube. You inspired me to make a YouTube channel of my own. Never stop making content, and inspiring people to grow the YouTube community. All I can say is thank you.
lmao on the discord I @ed badger lmao got banned
Where you friends before
I got the 60% off R6S ad halfway through this video. Man, if only I had something to play it on...
I just bought this game aaaaand i kinda wanna but Doc is IT a good thing?
I have a channel which has Newbie editting R6 Montages (im New) if you can support me on this journey i will be happy:]
Croatis
everytime marcel barks take a shot.
i play this game for over a year now and i still suck ass
I wonder why there no valkrye video yet
well this is the story all about how I taught some new kids from battle royale
manger du cul et du gaz
we need an operator from highlander. He gets only a pistol but he gets a healthpoint for every health point he takes from enemy or friendly players. He just kills his whole team and has 500 HP. Finishes the round with 1000 after taking no damage. Health doesn't resent betwen rounds.
I’ve wanted these guys to play together for so long
After doing some research, I found out that Badger lives at the Apartment Building called Gateway across from Pier 3 in San Francisco. He's got one of the front apartment rooms on the right above the gym. Floor 5-8. If you're in SF, go find him lol
badger charborg jameskii swagger and fitz sounds like a team imo
Badger on other team nitrocells whole team
Wildcat and badger what a meme duo??I’m so happy
Play some more fortnite!
Anybody notice how the russian said "murica"? Coincidence? Collusion?
i love the video on ying cause "stay in your lane" and "operation daymen son"
Imagine if fuzes mvp pistol sound was suppressed if you had that on Just loud russian national anthem and a sad thwap of the pistol
Hey can you do a video on the dude that has the crossbow please
Hey Russian Badger can you try for Honor?
Welcome to the stupidity of the vanoss crew
Its good to see that they dont have foking laser sights!
I want to play with u I suck
I played a peaceful game of rainbow
Dad said it's my turn on the objective
No stop uploading the same game and i have stolen that line from one of your videos but who gives a damn okay and pls like start uploading some battlefield 1 or fortnut or or something else
is this game worth it?
BaJuR BAjuR ForTniTe sEasOn 4
will you play BF5 when it comes out? just asking
"im starting with the man in the mirror im asking him change ways" why did he say that in the mira video?
PLAY FORTNITE S5 DO ITTTT
Ali A
How come you don't play fortnite anymore badger??
Kill Badger
Thermite is te equivalent of "FBI OPEN UP"
THAT DAB AT THE START
When can I expect my Grim Sky video bagel?
Badger, I love your videos! Please do Witcher 3: Wild Hunt!
Im not a hater but the only reason why badger is soo good is that 1. He played for a long time 2. people dont watch him and 3. THE ENIMIES ARE FUCKING IDIOTS
You sound like game theorists
So... when are we gonna get that recruit elite skin? ??????
Thanks so much badger, I've recently gotten into the game and I'm already addicted. Best game of all time.
Bajur its 4 am and I want to go to bed but I physically can't stop watching stupid youtube videos like "my entire pool filled orbies" and "no flex zone" like wtf
Tachanka mains identify as a god with bottles of vodka at their disposal
Hey Badger, you gonna do a Marvel Spider Man or Spider Man PS4?
Next vid name not lackin lesion
Van you do a video with all frootyMcRooty...and show how team work and comms can beat t in e special operators!
Where's the VIDEOS
Hey badger I have a really good strat on coastline with Valkyrie
I watched this on tux's channel. Great job ??
bajur are you going to do battlefileld 5 beta
@THERUSSIANBADGER I love u, u d serve more
is 6 days without a vid safe to say that badger is dead?
What you say about frost
Please do a Frost video
Fitz x THERUSSIANBADGER please
You know you’ve had a channel longer then PEWDIEPIE
What are your controls for rainbow
I need help I got scammed out of my entire inventory by eFext Liam on Xbox my username is Hope spider
NO FLEX ZONE NO FLEX ZONE
Badger dead
Any possibility you could make a soundboard of your one liners? like "details" and "tanks"?
At 5:51, Ash foot is still broken!!!!!
Nah, Cartoonz got dis.
stop you've violated the law
Flex is life
I want Rainbow Six Siege now. But I’m fucking broke
Tux for the Mavericks picture now
BAJUR pls.. play for honor. I need help. (Everyone please like if you agree so BAJUR sees this)
I love this channel I’m subscribing keep it up
Badger. I'm disappointed. Thermite + ying. The thing.
Artillery ONLY
Remember when RussianBadge said he had no interest in becoming a R6 youtuber and the game was a dead end and was gonna do For Honor?
Artillery only please
Is clarence dead? WHERES CLARENCE
Hey Badger can you help me i suck at all the operators plus i play on xbox one
flex attack
??? ?????
ayee much love badger but my boissss won woot!
Where id thr lion a10 above meme
ALWAYS PUMPIN THE PHADEST BEATZ IN THAT OUTRO, WUBWUBWUBWUBWUBWUBWUBWUBWUB
Pulse got nerfed so his nitrocell is now useless due to how he slowly swaps out of his heartbeat censor. Anyone that’s been detected probably already move out of position so badger you can no longer get those nitrocell kills. We might as well should have impact grenades cause nitro cells are useless badger can’t possibly get kills by nitro cell either.
Shroud and MJ is gonna win
So when we getting artillery only?
Badger remember these words said by you when frost gets her elite skin: "Frost is now hot enough to melt ice."
Oof, I broke the game The game trial glitched for me and I got it free
frost is amzing i have mained her since she came out
TO SHOW YOU THE POWER OF CLEAR TAPE I CUT A BIG FUCKING HOLE IN THIS WALL
Maverick + thermite = marmite
It’d be amazing if you could place all Fuze’s cluster charges and detonate them all at once.
I am a Drooc main
I didn’t know u know wildcat
REVIEW SPACE HULK : DEATHWING! please?!
Capitao?
I tried to get sale on PS4 yesterday and couldn't get it, any ideas?
You really need to do a vid on the new operators
bajur your how to siege video is featured on Ubisoft’s website. (Yes I know it was sponsored)
Badger on fuzes lng when you reload you can see ,,fuze the hostage‘‘ with or without the elite camo on
Strange to think how many you tubers are friends.
Wildcat's "bruh You trash" would be the best hotkey on a soundboard.
Tell us story about burn on hand
orrick looking for that BAN
Ha got banned from the discord because I said “Clu out here banning people” ya rip
Yo badger if u could have any oporater in ported in the game what powers would u want him to have and if u see dis can u teach me how to play badger aka best YouTuber ever thx for making content keep up the good work
frost iz h0t
I was watching tuxbird and I saw that
Smacks lips Now this is a damn good video
I left my binder at school :(
When will you do artillery only?
I’m expecting Logan Paul jokes when it comes to the Grim Sky video
Can we give recruit an elite skin
Who won
Shrood and macie are gona stomp on the competition
Ooh weld kat
Make a clash and maverick vid already
DO ARTILLERY ONLY
DO ARTILLERY ONLY DO ARTILLERY ONLY DO ARTILLERY ONLY DO ARTILLERY ONLY DO ARTILLERY ONLY DO ARTILLERY ONLY DO ARTILLERY ONLY DO ARTILLERY ONLY DO ARTILLERY ONLY DO ARTILLERY ONLY DO ARTILLERY ONLY
I would prefer calling thermite + ying = thing
Mok
Mkok
I want eekaj back
Hey badger thanks for advertising about rainbow I love this game p.s. I need help in multiplayer
I love albeti spaghetti and thonking thatcher
y u no grimm sky?
Oy crigey 8 thats a rea1ly big fookin alliGAYtor
ARTILLERY ONLYY
I've managed to save up 100k renown.... I have just the basic operators and I can't decide who to get. Suggestions?
you banned me from your discord for nothing my name i am suicdal#0467 please unban me i did nothing
Hi
wow your playing with vannos crew noice flex tape boiii
I did my first day at subway today
No new vid about seige!!
if you thonk about it shouldn't a pizza be a big hole less bagel?
How do you get the text up at exactly the time you alll speak?
fuze elite emote shouts ‘Murcia
Wait If You Thought Wildcat And Marcel How To Siege Shouldn’t They Teach You How To Royale
artillery ONLY!!!!!!!
U should make a for honor video
ARTILLERY ONLY!!
GRIM SKY JUST CAME OUT
All hail the King of R6 Siege
I'm a frost
you should apply for the new joker role
Unban me from ur server pls daddy Bajur Serbian.Gopnik
Yo dawg, haven't played the Division, like, at all? What?
I love your attitude, and it's a great thing to teach new players as it's the only way to get through that initial slog of just getting oriented. Whew.
Plz do a Frost video
Badger, make a For Honor video
Is it me or when badger is showing gameplay clips when he talks its like he edits it in it doesn’t sound natural
T
Yo badger u should play gtav again
Not video related but I just found out gabe the dog died ??????????????????????????
10:18 if he was a sad boi y doesn't he wear the midnight owl gear
Who would’ve thought that 3 years ago he was saying the game is shit but now it’s kinda one of the most games he has played except bfcptsomething now three years later he plays a shit load of r6
“frost isnt even a good operator” thats one of the dumbest thing ive ever heard anyone who plays this game say. frost has a really good rifle and her abilities unintentionally save games.
This is the infinity war crossover of YouTube gaming
Well Tyler Wow Rare footage of him in another game
Evan braddock is not there Even Fitz, Cartoons, Vanoss, H20 Delirious ??
Top Ten Anime Crossovers.
TheRussianBadger looks like Stephen Karl rip RussianBadger.
this video almost 1337!!!
What vid is the nico nico kneecaps from
badger, why russian? i'm russian and when i saw ur channel first time, i thought u r russian sorry 4 my bad eng
What do you think of the new operators?
Bajur y u look exactly like Connor form Detroit becum humaines
8:20 triggered
Question, why havent you made a video about Capitao yet?
How dare you call my main not a good operator
I taught my friend to play this game he is like level 2 and he is still better than the people I get on my team in ranked
11:26 Lol that sssssskkkkrrrrrtttt on Fuze at the end XD
9:14 Lol. ey....itz the space mahrens that wanna kill badger. Good times :P
Yo, they had oil Wildcat: MEEEERICAAAAAAA!!!!
When Kapkan is beating his meat he’s fapkan
The fuck happened to your discord badger
Rip Robbie rotten
"He shot pistol in sky merica" cant argue with that logic
some people speak engrish and some people speak portruguese for the looks of it
HOL UP LET ME GET IT STARTED STEVE IS ALWAYS MINING GETTING STACKS OF DIAMONDS STEVIE LAGGIN KILLIN THE DRAGON MADE A DIAMOND PICK NOW IM FLY LIKE ALLADIN MININ GEMMIE PULL UP TO THE CRIBBY UH PICKY PICKY PICKY ON OBSIDI-UH DIGGY DIGGY KILLIN ALL THE PIGGY UH GETTIN SICKY GIVE THE COW A LICKY UH - 6ixMine
just got my account working subed
Hey frost is a good operator
i am a sledge main and i take offense to you not using his elite
B l y a t
i swear to if u dont play anew game im gonna MOAR BOI
Frost is my favorite operator
So I have been watching most of the Battlefield 1 videos. The next time you do a massive killing spree, try to get music (probably one with high BPM) and use that instead. It feels more satisfying that way.
Oh boi wildcats autistic screeching on my favorite channel, just what i wanted ??
hey badger. yesterday i saw an account called shroud-c9 getting banned by battleeye. is it true?
nikolai khabibulin
No flex zone they know better they know better
These last couple of videos don’t seem like the regular Badger
Bajur I dont get why you make fun of rook for being the heaviest operator. According to bios, it's sledge.
I looked up what blyat meant and its Russian for fuck
???extra ???ick
I loved the intro song
I loved the intro song
It's not capitAO..It's pronuncied capitAUM
Maybe you could do a Warframe video next?
just bought my 3rd copy of r6 fml
Did some see the gun on the foot o thermite on 2:56
Did you just call my waifu frost trash? U FOKIN W0T BAJUR?
Forgive my stupidity but how do you get that red ting set?
Wheres bikini when you need him
Do the new grim sky operator's
Jesus Christ is FLEX
Can you play different game any game please put a different game why are we still here save me
Do you still play with pranx?
Make a fortnite vid already
What is the camo at 11:00
BAJUR THEY GAVE BLITZ A ELITE SKIN
The adventures of Badger and Friends: Episode 3
Ive never been able to shoot an attacker with docs stim pistol yet....one day
Tachunky needs a MVp skin where he ride in on a bear
Wait, BIDW in this vid? Whats happening??!!
NO DISCOUNT ON STEAM
Finally wildcats channel isn’t dead
8:53 *Gu’finess
Of course Shroud and Macie are gonna win u dumb shit LOL
MORE CROSSOUT!!
Off Topic but does Grouse have a channel? He’s dummy funny
So who won the competition for the event? Also i feel like MJ and Shroud together isnt as fair. I know for sure Shroud has played Seige more than the rest of these guys
you know badger is making a toxic tryhard server on Clash and Maverick right now
Karen
Was that SMii7Y at the end saying that he agrees with your statement?
Ma boy cartoonz
I'd like to see a video of yours without as much commentary in between clips just to see how it would compare to your usual content. I feel as if the unexpectedness of what's going to happen next would add to the enjoyment of your videos. keep up the great work!
Pls make capitao video????????
Flex shoes
If anyone wants to help a newish player, my Xbox gamertag is ChicoTheProphet. Also, my discord is the same name.
How do you get that theatre mode type thing??
Do a Roblox video pls :3
Hey badger, I just got siege, you got any tips for a pure beginner?
You should play For Honor
Pls do face reveal
.......Sponsored by Planet Fitness
Capitao isn't mexican. Also, it isn't Holmes, homes. It's homes, homes. Get it, homes?
pls play the culling next
Where does the busted sound effect come from
Anyone else watch tux’s vid and remember these scenes?
Lol gay
Call thermite turdmite
I want kapkan and finka to be buffed so bad that while on a Quebec trip I yelled at the Ubisoft building
Flux Tupe
Play ranked
Shoulda asked ubi to bring the acog
So, when we gunna get the grim sky gameplay?
personally thought you guys would win but I also like cartoons but either way I'm glad you guys had fun bet the event was just as fun and keep up the good work badger
NEW OPERRATERS BROOOOO
JUST TO FLEX ON 'MURICA
Just got banned from his server for no reason lol.
I watched this stream on tuxes twitch 1000 viewers
I still don't have a black ice, lvl 100+... :(
Can't wait for the operation RIM GUYS starts gonna be great
Frost is he best how dare u disrespect my woman devil that’s why I’m also a mei main in overwatch I love the woman devils
Is therussianbadger actually russian ?I’m serious
When ever badger uploads 3 times in 1 week
Where was the ravioli
0:40 Ubisoft doesn't know how to use their operators .
HEY RussianBadger new MEGA SLAM DUNK in crossout so bring out you're inner Gromek999 and make another video about crossout pwety pweez ^_^ love you're vids bty good stuff
MOAR BADGER
It’s ez to hot breach as thermite
No
Why did he delete his video Hi, I’m Badger.?
What's the date of the tournament
it isn't 60% off in the steam store ?
No child
Collab with Macie jay
11:43 what an oof
TTS PLAY NEW OPS!!!!!
One time my controller broke and I threw a grenade instead reviving. The next thing I heard was mic peaking screams from a tormented soul
Hi Isaac
What about vanoss?
Aye fam wots ur editing software
Gucci tape
What’s the outro song called
Who is ready for the operation from sky vids from russian
It is the 21
11:25 basically screams merica even tho he's playing a German operator ??????
well obviously team shroud and macie are gonna win you dimb shi-
0:37 well Evan Braddock can
Frost main here to tell you that the 4 man clutch from Frost says she is a good operator thank you very much
I listened what u said so now im saying it TEAM SHROUD GONna win xd
Tachanka turret on wheels for next season?
Norman Yeetus
How are u so good
"Avengers infinity war is the most ambitious crossover event in history" Me:
I'm a huge 49ers fan and love some rb6 siege. How fun was it playing with Goodwin and Garcon? # niner empire
Badger is really funny, too bad i can't stand this game. I miss the old battlefield days :(
Well this is a story about how... my life got flipped upside down
PLEASE PLAY SOME BF1!!!! I love ur videos
When your content is good but nobody notices you ;(
Sypher didn’t fit in
Woah...Boi did you just say Frost is NOT a good operator...AHHHHHH
Can anyone recommend a good attack that I should buy?
But badger u can hot breach with thermite by using it before you repel in
angry joe is an idioit
August 16-27 ? Seems like bullshit cuz its already over.
cyka use lmg for fuze
Stop playing this shity game
Hope I can get some fun squad like this. Even I'm on casual, I always got sh*t talk and pressure from being bad(Not toxic, just bad) at this game...
Since when did Henry Cavill w/ a receding hairline own a R6S channel?
I see wildcat is finally not playing fortnite for once
Nah Macie and Shroud gonna kick some ass.
captain v god capitao is next?
I just figured out that badger is from canada
11:23 that awkward moment when you say a joke and no ones laugh.
We got the same hairline bro..go russia?
Do you know that blyat means fuck
How do you make those broll clips
Really can't stand wildcat
I knew cartoon is going to win because he has a secret weapon H2O delirious
Yo Badger, how da hell you play games with all these subtitles always in the way?
5:08 but to be fair, one was stream sniping.
Why is it that you remind me of Brandon Urie
Feel bad bout Sypher, must’ve felt a lil awkward, he didn’t fit in exactly.
Did you at least get to see daddy shrouds fat cock?
5:02 "I guess watching their Twitch doesn't help" Useless snipe :v
corn porn :>
of course shroud and macie gonna win ooff
FUCK I DIDN SEE THIS Video yesterday
My craps are more explosive than kapkans c4
Thermite + Ying = Thing
shroud and macie are gonna clap everyone’s cheeks
Thermite + Ying = Thing
Well of course Shroud and Macie are gonna win, you dumb shi-
CARTOOOOONZ
whats the song at the end ?
I've been here since skull rain and I think the battle royal event was the best yet worst thing that ever happen to r6 my one problem is the toxic fortnite players flooding casual with tking and stealing kill (I lost My Jäger to a level 7 that got one tapped while trying to spawn peak) the pubg community is chill when it comes to r6
a really big fucking flex coming right up
that thermite impression on point
Lil tay
I want that Ying skin :(
first i got it for free to see if i liked it then i bought it for 16eur so big fukin win for meh
does anybody else think that badgers four head gets bigger each outro
IG: gorski.krystian
Hey badger have you played the battlefield 5 beta
sypher was really silent lmao
FUN...
How many subs bajur goin get from wildcat and marcel?
Please play with wildcat and marcel more ??this shit is gold
Yo Big Boii Badger, that outro was hella FRESH my dude. ????
God damn these people are loud
That discount lasts until I go to boot camp
Bring Vanoss too plz.
Tf2 vid is probably next because Badger said: ,,when we gonna light a bunch of thing on fire (Pyro) and make a fun of the cyclopes (demoman)" or he was saying about Capito XP idk anyway great FLEXING video TAPE like always. :3
Two new operators, Maverick and Clash, are now added to R6S
No doodling for you, badger :(
???? ?????
Y is nug not a mentor
Clash=bald British lesbian holding a shield
So just jumped back into siege about 3-4 weeks ago and before that I hadent played since about the first round of dlc years ago. My friend and I had a deal cause he's been begging me for a long time to play it with him so I'm trying now. I'm not the worst but i don't do that great so I was wondering if anyone i had any advice to help me out? Thanks!
Could you help me in Siege, Im two days new in Siege. I have Xbox btw ;-;
Balyt
3:53 has me dying , “I’m watching this in 540p” ??
Nice poster my guy.
5:24 "an unkown person saved us as sledge i wonder who it was" its fucking badger
Do operation sky grim
They literally made a charm for macie jay
New operators coming right up
no flex zone with 14k R6 credits
Thermiteying
You like flex tape but it’s not gucci enough? Try Flexing Flex Tape. It’s overpriced, and completely useless!
stop balding
please do more videos with wildcat and marcel
Flex boy
THATS A LOT OF DAMAGE!!!
Wildcat has successfully become megumin
They knowwww better they knowwww betterrr (only real ones get it)
Switch up the content God damn what happened
Shroud is such a shit. I hope you guys dumpster him.
@therussianbadger yo when you start a round on attacking play The Dark Knight prologue to make yourself seem more badass. Seriously once that bass note hits you become a God
Play with VanosGaming
badger, what do you think of the new operator??
WoHa
8:17 hey frost is my baby okay
0:40 AHAHAHAHAHA I CANT I CANT
Theres nothing like a bunch of idiots playing a tactical game and winning to make you think damn i love R6S.
Btw you know when capitao leans left how does he see?
Daddy teach me
Cartoonz is gonna win. In my imagination
Haha more cash
Montagne: what are you Clash: I'm you but better
As a content creator, does anyone know how bajur gets those thumbnail images of the operators?
Sypher reminds me of the cipher from MGSV
Teach Clarence to play next
DoNt u Taalk shiit AbOut my girL FrOsT
When you dont know their names that well - "good job ...FELLAS"
Frost Elite....... Nugget Beware the goddess of the game !
i mean, it was obvious shroud wouldn't win, he plays ranked not casual
sorry badger but I got to be on team CaRt0oNz I love that guy
Too bad dude I’m flexing ??????
Ima be real wit chu chief. The only way to beat macie and shroud is to act SO casual that they can’t predict it.
Logan Paul is gonna play this game more than ever now when the new character (Maverick) is coming out
0:23 this is the best thing I have heard today
Seal Flex
A really big fucking hole in your head coming right up
1:04 You just switch the topic to your shitty promotion of the game to make everyone forget about the fact shroud and macie are gonna win?
SOVIET RUSSIA
I wanna see vanoss and badjur
more like the rush in badger
Holy shit, haven't heard those dudes in a while.
"Frost isn't a good operator" I'm a little triggered now
I low key want to see a video of all the things he says at the end of every video he has
Does Badger Play RANKED??? And If Not Does Anybody Know Why??
anyone k ow how to fix sound on r6 seige? every sound works for every game even the main lobby for seige but as soon as I get in the character select screen it all cuts out
I hate it when try hards get sweaty and we lose
Wait where thatcher at
Yeet
When you have a competitive competition in causal
Honestly...my shitty life smells better thanks badger.
Did anyone know that flash bangs can kill you by severely burning you
11:24 BLYEEEEEETTTTT
Hi Isaac
Hey! I’m new to siege and I really like your videos because there full of clips that help me to get a small bit better than the garbage I am but it doesn’t help that much so I was wondering if you could Mabey give me some pointers? Thanks for your time if you read this??
Not against you badger but you should have shown more parts where the new booties did good
Ur gay
we need RussianBadger V SovietWomble
Casual lmao
Soz badger but I’ve outgrown this channel. I’m to old for this shit and it’s legit just 80% siege vids with identical format
I saw u in San Francisco and I was to scared to say hi
Tachanka has the best lines
Is it worth it if I get rainbow six?
play with them ,vanoss ,nogla , dalerious and wild cat more often u guys would make some grade A content love ur vids like always though badger
Yummmy
“Light a bunch of things on fire and make fun of a cyclops” cyclops won...
I bet shroud will get couple kills because of his aim then get KILLED by a jager
cool
Liar, you will all die by the hands of the mighty BikiniBodhi!
I heard wild cat from vannos
BLYAAAAAAT
would you say your homo-flexual
5:04 look at the bottom right what a stream sniper
cease
You lied its August 19th right now and I'm trying to get but it won't work on PS4
I wouldn’t have know that it was a free weekend but I ended up getting 2 of my friends to buy the game and now we can do full squads so yuh we dumb lit
Damn the outros songs always got me grooving like a slug being sprinkled with salt. Aka i like song
BasicallyIDoWildcat
Badger you ever gonna play dead by daylight
Hey whu do you look like tuxes older brother
Murder hole maverick and corner camping clash
I guess watching their twitch doesn't help oh my gaaaaaa
Just scream something before you blow it up...... AAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH
I really like this kind of approach. Thank you ubisoft
Capitao is the perfect example off “ i am here to have fun, but i cant not see iam legally blind”
so we aren't gonna gonna talk about the prince of BelAir remake?
"Battle royals players" lol throwback to when they were black ops 2 players
Nah bro tux is gonna win
If only the vid was 30 seconds longer
I wanted to see you play wit shroud
I don't know shroud and macey
Got the game today
"Frost isn't even a good operator," I cry now.
Badger are you gonna keep playing with wildcat and basically
Don’t you hate it when dab and accidentally burn down every orphanage in a 300 mile radius
Still i do want to see shroud& someone against badger and marcel That HOW CAN YOU GOOF SOME PRO PLAYERS
4:40 my cousin had the wrong idea of were he would shoot that stim shot in
I had a MURICA shirt on while watching this LOL
Badger’s haircut reminded me of Astro boy
How does badger has no recoil ?
I saw tuxbirds vid it's funny how similar they r
Frost Mains: autistic screeching
How dare you say Frost isn't a good operator. I think she is a cool op >:(
that cyclops has no chance against the Russian chat
So therefore, it really be like that sometime
I got a fucking cancer ad at 5:04
TheRussianBadger, playing as a Russian operator, who is shooting a pistol into the air, with the Russian National Anthem playing in the background. "MURCIA!"
Who else is ready to draw dicks into reinforced walls with ya Boi Maverick
F L E X
You should dedicate a video to playing the Russian oparaters.
awesome
what was that blitz shield skin its absolutely gucci
Badjur, how do you feel that after this video I tried out seige and became a kapkan/sledge main?
Wait they seriously paired Shroud and Macie??
100% Russian , turns American in a shot
It’s real Murcia hours
Post more dang it??
Ok so that’s what happened from the beginning of Tux’s video
Wait wait wait. Did he just say Ubisoft ?
11:46 that slow creepy zoom in on Maestro
Why does his arm look so gross
Your OG man
Why do you remind me of Robbie Rotten from Lazy Town...
U guys suck
Getting shot from all angles, A REAL BIG FUCKING HOLE COMING RIGHT UP!
Moar Tux
Time to get kicked for team kill
lmfao i was dead when he said ‘murica ??
Thermite + Ying = Thing
When a pornhub ad pops up lol I lost it
That ending was earnestly uplifting. So nice.
Less Siege, moar interesting badger videos
Can you not play with Wildcat or Basically ever again?
Hey Badger, I know you won't read this but you should play Escape From Tarkov.
WHEN THER MITE FUCKS UP CARTOONZ AND BADJER ARE HERE
"It's supreme!" ??
FLEX SEAL
Nah I’m going to just play slime rancher
What is that outro song?
The crossover finally happened!!!!
Dude I love the transitions in this one! The third to first person was perfect! Keep up the good work
Dem transitions doh????
I'm sorry, did you just say frost isn't a good operator or am I just hearing things?
"Infinity war is the most ambitious cross over ever" badger makes a calibration will Basically and Wildcat
it was posted on august 19th of course it is over
It's cool to see YouTuber that don't play together make videos like this
I have to meet this guy ??
Sypher doesn't play rainbow as well wtf is this bullshit
Shroud doesn't play rainbow
Fuze isn't Russion you fekin normies REEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE.
WOW just WOW
Lol 2:55 look at thermite's foot
Stay frosty!
Ey CaRtOoNz was the first person I watched for siege till I discovered Badger
#tuxneedsafacecamforallvids
Omfg u r amazing at teaching I got 4 kills I felt so pump biiiittttrccccchhhh
“I guess watching there twitch didn’t help” shit got me weak
Damn. Haven’t seen or heard of basically or wildcat since middle school.
Why not make a vid about the new operation?
Badggie is still the best, making this kids ‘popular’ long live the Badger!
Nigga said ofc u guys would say shroud and macie would win but then u proceed with talking abt the price that doesnt make any sense
You should invite Vanoss
Jesus tux sounds like SMii7Y
Hi, Phil Swift here with Flex Tape! The super-strong waterproof tape! That can instantly patch, bond, seal, and repair! Flex tape is no ordinary tape; its triple thick adhesive virtually welds itself to the surface, instantly stopping the toughest leaks. Leaky pipes can cause major damage, but Flex Tape grips on tight and bonds instantly! Plus, Flex Tape’s powerful adhesive is so strong, it even works underwater! Now you can repair leaks in pools and spas in water without draining them! Flex Tape is perfect for marine, campers and RVs! Flex Tape is super strong, and once it's on, it holds on tight! And for emergency auto repair, Flex Tape keeps its grip, even in the toughest conditions! Big storms can cause big damage, but Flex Tape comes super wide, so you can easily patch large holes. To show the power of Flex Tape, I sawed this boat in half! And repaired it with only Flex Tape! Not only does Flex Tape’s powerful adhesive hold the boat together, but it creates a super strong water tight seal, so the inside is completly dry! Yee-doggy! Just cut, peel, stick and seal! Imagine everything you can do with the power of Flex Tape!
Badger are you moving or something where's your bed
Nice to see all my favorite youtubers that I haven't seen in a while are playing something else instead of fortnight
Yo I wouldn't mind more vids with those guys, that was really fun to watch
10:18 My boi and his dank headgear
Holy shit I was almost late for the game
I'm a simple man. I see these cringey ass youtubers I hit dislike.
Meh needs moar bodgur
Badger has the smoothest sponsor transitions out of all YouTubers
Grim sky more police brutality operation
Shroud and Macie Jay are big gay.
Why ya hairline look like a mountain top
I'd love to see badjur playing with Tux (More since it seems you're already playing with him) and Cartoonz.. That'd be great
I've subbed to Cartoonz
You guys remember when Badger shit talked Siege before it came out?
I'm sure Cartoonz won.
04:07 Marcel just turned into Cesar Vialpando
Why did you get two persons and macie tux and cartoonz only one
Badger is just gonna act like this is battlefield 4 and use the blow torch to doodle Thicc into various walls
Where is the capitao video
I hope you Guys win
I just rapped about a little cactus
Do you guys see a red thing in thermite’s leg at 2:55
Yeah you guys are going to get fucked in the ass sideways 110%
Play with these guys more.
jagered
Tux and badger mark of the bucket list
12:20 Thats a fake smile bitch
free through August 19th makes video on August 19th
Tux is shit so rip
Goobisoft is going to shut this video down for mocking Capitao's accent. Wouldn't want to be 'racially offensive' now would we Ubi? Because that's totally something you should do in a MATURE RATED FIRST PERSON SHOOTER.
I just recently started watching the livestreams, and it’s weirdly satisfying to see clips from the stream on the video.
where did you get those thinkings, i need tho add them to my thinking folder
Team macie jay and shroud op af
You ever think of giving For Honor a try?
Badger you should try teaching the rest of the banana bus squad how to play
thermite + ying = Thing
Can I get marcels' account because I see he has black ice for glaze sniper ??
Hey nobody's telling what *ligma*is what da faq.is it?
Yermite: time to Ying some ears
Is it me or does every new person play tachanka on r6
The ultimate goof squad is so cool keep it up
loving that badger flextape on wildcat
"Frost isn't even a good operator" Unsubscribed. Unfollowed. Unfriended on Facebook. Uninvited to birthday party. Un-cited from University Psychology Project.
What happend to the capitão video
Your videos are getting worse after ubi sponsoring it Really like its now boring Old vids style was better I watched old vids hundred of times and I was not getting bored Now for the new vids I can't watch 5 min its just bad
Did u just say frost is a bad op??
You are just so fun to watch, think its just the passion and energy you put in it
SO WE AIN'T GOING TO TALK ABOUT TWOMAD TWOOOOOOOBAAAAAAAAAAAD
This video felt like it's 144fps.... On my 60 hz screen wtf why is your game so smooth
Ryssian badger but he flexes on everything
1- I got a dig bick 2- You that read wrong 3- You read that wrong too 4- You checked 5- You smiled 7- You are wondering why you’re still this reading this 8- You saw that mistake... right? (On 7) 10- But did you see that I skipped 6? 10- You checked 11- And saw you that I doubled 10 and skipped 9 12- I said saw you, not you saw 13- I also skipped 2 14- You got tricked 15- I’m just wasting your time, I deserve a like for that, go back to reading the comments
whats with the picture of lizard squad in the background at the end?
That's CaRtOoNz's revenge on you killing him in that one Ela(?) video.
FACKING STOOPID DEFENDERS BLYAT FUZE WINS AGAIN
why does it feel like russian doesnt like tux at all?
we need another half hour video
Yeah they back
Hey badger I’ve been watching for 2 years and saw u reach 500 k to 1 million and I just wanted to say keep up the good work my man
Frost is single handedly the best operator in the game B
Marcel is sweaty af
How fucking dare you say Frost isn’t a good operator(yeah I know she isn’t that good but come on, give her some love)
I watched the intro during the stream And most of the rest of the video
I miss grouse
Murica' Is What You Want Murica' To Be
“Frosts not a good operator” ah... my feelings
Salesman spencer
When does the vids get back to regular
5:04 “I guess watching their twitch doesn’t help” ????
badger's always got that good shit at the end of the video that S L A P S
I can't wait for the extreme Capatio bullying in the next Siege video
add me on snapchat jackson _186 for nudes also youre ass
Syper had another bear trap next to him I was ready for badger just to get stuck in a trap
Badger is now being used my ubisoft, if you against your will say m8 twice
10000000 SB
PLAY THE DIVISION
NOOT NOOT
Sorry to say this but you destroyed my eurobeat while i was drifting i am going to unsub and open ur door with a big fucking hole
The only difference from the other videos is that this one the outro i actually liked
Badger c'mon now. It's not hard. The perfect breach and clear team name is Yingmite
Hell yeah, go cartoonz
Badjur pls teach me
Don't you diss my homegirl frost like that.
3 of my fav youtubers all playing siege LES GO!!!!!
You can tell Sypher wasn't feeling it
play battlefield
Why is he so cringe you now
BasicallyIDoWrk should change his name to BasicallyIPlayGames
Another one in B
I may or may not have bought siege because of your videos so thank you for making me spend my money wisely
wHAT tIMe Is It CoMinG OuT?
Pls do this again
RU33er
To show you the power of flex tape, I sawed the population of the universe in half.
Lips be smackin you got caught lacking
That’s all lot of teaching
If badhuer and ninja pair up, my life will be complete
Well of course Shroud and Macie Jay are gonna win you dumb shit
‘Murcia
Bajur, I've imagined your help as Doc in siege. Just juicing youreself with that Meth in corner getting hella overhealed
Anyone else remember when badger dunked on cartoon in a certain wiggle vigil video?
How do u play w tux whe. He plays on the eu servers
This tournament is the greatest anime crossover ever
a r e a l l y b i g f u c k i n g h o l e c o m i n g r i g h t u p
Fape Tlex
Frost is a great operator.....change my mind
Dida some see the gun on the foot o thermite
Play more with wildcat and marcel and tuxbirs
6 hours... 400k+ views. Nice
how you leave my mans sypher out the title fam cmon bajur you can do better
YA CANT KILL ME IF I KILL MYSELF FIRST! wait...
LMAO WILDCAT!!!
Lol I was at Wildcats stream for the team kill round and they lost the game ????
take a shower nerd
New oporator has a AR 15 can’t wait to see the jokes ??
Every time you misspell "more" as "moar", I start to eat my desk
BADGER TACHANKA HAD A NEW HEADGEAR AND ITS CALLED LORD BOYAR AND THE ACKNOWLEDGED LIRD AND SAVIOR TACHANKA CHECH HIS HEADGEAR SHOP DJDNSNSHDH
No Rae Sremmurd song? Its a bad song but cm'on!?
DEADASS.
Badger is the type of person to flex on flex tape by using glue
Get back on battlefield 1
Look whose last to join
I got the game thanks for the help I watch all of your vids and my second game ever I got seven kills and I had MVP two times that day keep up the amazing vids
You’re too fun to watch. Thank you for existing.
It actually depends if u can get good ive been playing for 3 years and am still not as good as anyone so ive just stoped ppaying
Frost is my girl
Batman coaching a 3rd grade soccer league we didn’t come here to win, we came here to have fun
Just bought siege and made a clutch on my first match because these vid help me thanks badger
U can hot breach with thermite charge
STOP THAT
I came from tuxbird
I know this might seem crazy to you guys... But, Fuze... Is.... A..... ... Woman...
Why does your hairline look like the McDonald’s arches?
Me, as a frost main feel attacked
I like the old team not these guys
I have a seal mask in Payday 2 for Pc that I named "MOAR BAJUR" and it's the most beautiful thing, Love the video's Bajur, thanks for the laughs.
How to seige. 1.delete 2.forget it's "community" exists 3.avoiding your friends that want you to download it again
So, Badger. When are you going to die?
I have badgers hairline
I hope you guys play more together after the event is over
Where do you get all those thonk emojis
Wiw
Bikini not going to like you calling Frost a bad operator
I'm so glad you're the one who got them two, cause the one thing them two are actually good at is laughing at their own mistakes and having a good time.
nahh
they've had the game for like a week and they're pretty good. I've had this game for almost 2 YEARS and I'm still trash
i dont wanna watch it due to the fact that wildcats in it, he complains about fucking everything
why am i a higher level than badgur?
therming
get a job guy
Team tuxbird.
Dude, play Fortnite with them and you could be friends with Ninja.
Badger you should really make a fortnite season 5 vid
Hi IsaaacBaby
Dear badger Pls tell me how 2 get renown fast
11:48 to 11:56 Man I've been playing Rainbow on Xbox for 2 years and I'm still pretty much shit. So plx tell me how I get good.
does it feels good that one of the biggest game companies chose you to make a sponsored video
I never noticed that he yelled in a firefight and whispered when not. Lol
Frost is good, gadget is like a 1%chance of working but her weapons are great
#MoarGrouse
this is probably the best 2 part add Goobysoft could ask for xD
Badger, Warface is out for Collecters Early Access pack on Ps4.
Macie and Shroud are going to destroy
What??!? Frost isn't a good operator? I'm insulted as a frost main. I'd show youu
yo aug 16 is my birthday
Didnt think this crossover would be as good as it is.
Love the vid with all my favourites siege youtuber (and marcel and wildcat)
8:43 I pissed myself from laughing
I thought Tux was like 12...
Murica
It's not free on PS4
When u were going for Sypher that window was Double frostmatted
Docs stim pistol is just an epi-pen for bullets
>tfw no grouse >feelsbadman
Play with shroud
NAAAAAAAANI FROST IS A GREAT OPERATOR
Marcel is sus af
‘Frost isn’t a good operator’ No, how dare YOU
Honestly, I don't enjoy Marcel and Wildcat as much as Grouse, Jello, Eekaj & co.
MOAR BAGEL MOAR
I truly want to know what's his fuze loadout
Thermite + ying = thing cause no one knows what this fucking spectile is
I'm a frost main :(
i love when these youtubbers play together
Some dude said he was watching the stream in game
Since when do nazis dab???
It sounds like he hates Tuxbird
Btw which Louis Vuitton x Supreme outfit is it ? I can't find it...
Tape
Have you seen the lord chanka bundle???
He’s level 152 wtf
Dude dont play with fortnite youtubers
Holy
Seal for tape
You guys should all still play together
you spelt more wrong 12:15
Wen will rainbow die
Not gonna lie. need more wildcat and marcel. love that you're branching out with other youtubers. Can't wait to see you in a vanoss vid with the rest of the crew.
Can someone tell me what dub means
I bought Jagers flying ace cause you made me like the game and cause I also bought the game too
Where can we find the "friendly competition" game between the teams??? I cant find it anywhere.
Hahahaha shrouds not gonna win
Frosts new frost trap looks so brutal
Did he not say cob or Evan
How are you level 152?
8:18 Never disrespect a frost main
well of course shroud and macie are gonna whin you dumb shit
Gotta love Macie.
Badger I have a request:tTeam fortress 2 I mean you made videos for overwatch,why not tf2
As echo u should throw ur drone then immediately spam/place ur deployable shield and then ur teammates can see u holding a shield and they can’t shoot ur body/face kinda
Do A Fugin DooM 4 Video Or You Gonna Burn In Hell, Slowly.
Even if U didn’t get shot trying to save sypher, there was another frost trap there Lol
Vex vape
guy from another country shoots into the air Any American:'MURICA Every American in a nutshell
no points for doing backflip... i will never find the perfect fps
You know better
YEEHAW
Frost is a great operator
good that serenity 17 isn't here as a mentor
There is no way Anthony Pit just came in my chat right now and said Lion is a balanced operator
Saw same gameplay in both Tux's and Badger's videos. Its so much fun to watch the same situation from 2 perspectives. Love you both. BadjurUFakeLMAO....
And if u play Xbox can u teach me
I love badger but it's heavily ironic to see someone who was bashing siege when it first came out because it was trying too hard to be like counterstrike and now that's all he plays. Elegiggle
Do u play xbox
Will you teach me the ways of siege senpai
This is a really smart movie by Ubisoft, if even one of them continues to play siege, that's a lot of eyes on the game. Now i wish they would fix the server issues in for honor and do the same there.
Rainbow should have more sights fir different guns like if u agree
badger frost elite coming in grim sky
Does anyone know the song in the outer I'm desperate????
NOW THAT'S A LOT OF DAMAGE!
B L Y A T
I watched wiled cats live stream
Sorry I was late
4:08 Capitão is Brazillian though...????
Please keep making videos more frequently I like all of them and keep watching them over and over and I watch the whole ads on the video and I just want to say keep doing what your doing.
FROST ISN'T EVEN A GOOD OPERATOR? YOU ABSOLUTE CUCK I'LL HAVE YOU KNOW SHE IS THE TRUEST OP EVER.
Yo is r6 worth it I might get it but idk
Where can i see y’alls game against each other
Favorite stream ever
“Im not going to like Rainbow 6” buys it “Fuck you Badger..”
KABOOOOM!!!
Im level 115 im still shit
What was that outro? Does anyone know it?
Wait is supper and wildcat new players as in free weekend?
Hey Badger when you get the chance check out the game Helldivers and do one of your play throughs/game reviews/explaining the game things the game is three years old but it is TONS of fun I’m mean you get to set up oil pumps in the game and calling in strafing runs that go BRRRRRRTTT and air strikes while smashing bugs/cyborgs/ basically a elite/ forunner (both from Halo) combo thing and do this all in the name of democracy, liberty, and super earth
So do have to pay for it after you get it for free? Like you get it and the next day do you pay or not
sub to twitch @ pjwaffle25
Use thermite and fuze with tux and the gang
why does NOBODY know how to pronounce capitão?
Lol its funny if you watch shroud he calls acogs "x4s"lul
A BIG FuKKKkKING HOLE COMING RIGHT UP
Two videos in a week N A N I !!!!!!!
good fucking luck against shroud and macie. you'll need it.
Im gonna say it...vanoss is dead
Pew pew huehue new operators woohew
I almost wanna grab this game. Unfortunately, my internet is..not what I'd call the best.
Running this game on a potato of a laptop, makes the hump, turn into a small hill
Capito?
Flexing on MURICA
Therminator the jewish eliminator
Capitao is next
What do u mean “Frost isn’t even a gud operator” TRIGGERED
All badger needs to post regularly is a sponser :/
Playing siege on mercy kill rules means if a teammate goes down... they down
These videos are my flex power
I would totally watch Tyler and marcel if they played siege more.
Does badger play ranked?
Damn all my favorite YouTuber‘s are collaborating
MOAR WILDCAT
Free weekend is BS i try playing rainbow on my ps4 and that shit says i need ps plus
Tbh sypher would probably try and build while being shot at
so when does badjur get ranked? ??????????
I’m here 3 hours after upload am I early...or late?
Fortnut fortnut
Do you’re not going to talk about that classic piece of “Dat Boi” from circa 1980 painting you got? Okay.
If it’s hard to flex on people use flex tape or flex seal to also cover the bullet holes that you’ve been talking.
I’ve been playing for 7 months and my level is 152 just like badger! Wtf??!?
Next video is capito
Murica yeah sure ! XD ????
It's AMURICA!!!!!!!!!
Well Cartoonz obviously won
Frost isn't a good operator???? SHES MY MAIN BRUH and after her is Valk. How dare YOUUUUUU.
Boneless air
When ya boi flex on u with his PREMIUM BOUNTY paper towels
To late FLEXES ON THESE NIBBAS
Siege sucks
8:17 MCSUSE ME BITCH
I love your videos??????
MOAR SEGIE BAJUR
Badger can u play battlefield again plz
Wait so Tux only won, one cas then? Thats a Fat R.I.P
MEME VIDEO ON TITAN FALL 2
'Ussia
Id start watching Wildcat again if he uploaded R6S as well instead of just Fortnut
No child left behind policy was left behind
Marcel chose capitao. CUZ HE BLACC
too bad you didnt get h2odelirious too
I got six for free...because of membership
Badger bfv now
Shroud/Macie, ez clap
Are you gonna do Hitman 2?
just had the most annoying game of my life. There was this guy who was talking shit in the chat all the time and it decided to talk shit back and after few rounds got banned for toxic behavior
I was in the stream for the first clip yay
BLYAT Fuse charge fires into room
"Frost isn't even a good operator." I got my first ace with her when most of our team had left in a ranked game yesterday. Them bear traps are my jam.
SMACKS LIPS
MURICA!!!!
10:43 i think watched that live lol
Ubisoft should sponsor Badger more because he's way mire active when they do and I fucken love it. It's like perfectly balanced rape between enjoyment and violence. Forget that last line please.
Macie Jay and shroud vs everyone
Lol shrouds almost diamond
Tux=Smii7y's brother
Badger should make a video about capitao
I did a lean left with Capitaio and I got a double pistol headshot
Who else saw the video of Badger playing with the 2 NFL receivers from the 49ers?
bloyat
Is it just me or are the videos getting better since Ubisoft started sponsoring Bajur.
Ying + Thermite = Territhying
Alright my money is on Cartoonz
I watched back when sypher was a eso youtuber
Play Escape from tarkov
I have only went against hackers during free weekend
i'm trying to get all my friends to buy the game because it's super cheap now and we all missed the free to play
Habana op
6 months ago badger was sponsored by epic to promote fortnite now he's sponsored by ubi to promote fortnite players to play R6
Do a video in the new Operation Logang
You dissed Frost. You must go now.
frost best girl
I would play siege... but I guess 3 months of not playing gets me a permanent toxicity ban... So I can't enjoy these videos anymore :/
Please don’t play with Tyler ever again not hate
robbie rotten
Don't you FLEX on my parade
does anyone know what lesion headgear that is at 10:16?
Says when one person uses thermite they have to use thatcher but uses habana
Badger you have upset me you are using the L85 on sledge
Woah 2 videos in one week?! You are going crazy m8!
Eeyup, you aren't cutting it any more. Un-subbed.
S Q U A D
Them fucking transitions tho
My guy where did you get that painting with the frog holding the wine glass. I need that right now
Little pumper
Love the wilder people reference “No child left behind “ ??
are you really russian if yes than ??????
It's yingmite. Cmon man, it's easy.
What kinda soup is that. ITS MOUNTAIN DEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEW
Pls do more videos like this bajur pls
Does anyone know what's gonna happen to the game after the free weekend if you downloaded the game during that time.
I watched this while shoving ravioli in my face
"free to play till august 19th" uploaded on the 19th
I'm sorry, Badger. Macie has this by the balls
MEMES NEVER DIE PEWDIEPIE!
Shroud is already plat 1 lmao
8:19 REEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE
I can't be the only one who calls fuze, fouseytube
You wildcat and Marcel should do moar seige together!
need rainbow on mac
Kill badger
THEY KNOOOOW BETTER
When you do a vid on maverick please dont mention logan paul papa badger
Al my favorite gamers and you tubers Altogether? Yep this is gonna be amazing
Finally another Blerger vicha.
Badger why do you dislike frost so much? I like her a lot. Although I am on console so the idea of a gun with like no recoil is op
FROST IS A GOOD OPERATOR ! Don't talk about my main like that
HOW DARE SAY THAT ABOUT FROST......SHE MEH BAE
Wtf does BM mean
Dude I wish Kyroz and smiity lead a group
Instead of therying/yingmite do “thing”
TuxBird = Discount SMii7Y (In-Joke if you watched the full stream XD)
sell out
How have you not made a joke about the smg11 and an ac130
EG vs G2 was great
1 day after the free deal ends i know that there was a free deal
I’m sry b but shroud
WILDCAT!!
0:40
Marcel took the black guy what a surprise!!
Thank God Clearance in safe. I thought badjur killed him, i mean he’s jealous of him ??
I hope wildcat and basically play with badger more often these videos with them are the tits
I'm going to sue you for saying frost is not a good oporater
i love how there was an ad for debating god before a badjuir vid
6:48 gotdamn Gucci louis three box logo
8:19 TRIGGERED
I like how moo ain’t in there lol.
I'm still trying to get over the hump badger......I'm level 135
I HAVE NO FRIENDS ON SIEGE SO I GET FLEX TAPE TO FIS MY PROBLEMS
That into rhyme tho..
5:33 triggered
Frost isnt even a good operator Me: screeches in Canadian
BLYAAAAAAT
>Original comment about Flex Tape
Fuck me
Beaulo should have been a mentor for someone
Frost is a god of an operator
“Frost isn’t even a good operator” im sorry Badger but I’m gonna have to disagree
*Yeetmite
Damn Badger you’ve really been treating us lately
Love your channel
Will you guys still be playing together?
the actual badjer is gud
Ahhh, another ??ideo from my favorite Siegetu??er. What? What do you mean he's covered other games?
Doc juicing himself is basically Demi Levato
TheRussianBadger : Frost ain't even a good operator... That ain't it chief.
CARTOONZ
that granade kill is the most amazing thing i have ever seen looooooooooool jeeeeeeeeez
Yo is that northernlion at 9:58 saying “HA” in chat?
After months of watching these videos im actually gonna buy this game
I took it to my house then i freak,t it
Did anyone spot the McDonalds logo at the end of the video? Hehe it’s his hairline
Badger put a swear word in a Ubisoft sponsored video... he better get banned for toxic behaviour ??
Bro stop droning in casual or I will ddos you
It’s been 8 months and I only get 1 kill 50% of games. Kill me
The Rag Sag Mag Tag SQAAAAAAAD
Yeetos
Remember when Russian Badger was a Battlefield youtuber
Where did you get that frog pitcure from?
badjur i see a lot dicks in reinforced walls in your future
I can say this enough but badger if funny as hell
Thermite mole glasses
When i saw i do works vid i was like chill corner v2
???oy I ???etter Get that ???apitao video
I really hope this means we’ll see more of Marcel and a wildcat in the few, not in like every video but enough that it satisfies us.
Mavericks aka penis maker
Yo mj and shroud together are going to win for sure
alibi made me hide from this game. i would rather not be confused if i should trust my own reflexes or not
N O W T H A T S A L O T O F D A M A G E !
I love the Transitions
As much as I love Shroud... He's not gonna fuckin win.
Is serenity in the tournament? that’d be sick
10:09 so we gon ignore that beautiful transition
Ayy, new video for once!!
FLEX ON THEM NO GOGGLE NIBBAS
i pull up youtube and all i see is therminator dabing
One of the best collabs in r6
I saw a couple of these on wildcats streams
THEMURICANBADGER
They don't think it be like it be, but it do.
"frost isn't a good operator" guess who's getting a new legendary skin
MAKE CROSSOUT VID
I dunno man I think Cartoonz or Tux will win, there both siege youtubers and they are both really good. And I haven't heard of the guy you said "Well of course this guy will win". So... I'ma have to go with Toonz or Tux.
Decent mentor more like good mentor and terrible friend make sure there is no cavities on the team cause suppressed sound DICKHEAD
I am now legitimately confused on whether or not it's flex tape or tape flex
MOAR!
are you gonna make a video for the twomad tournament?
I know it’s gud cuz badger is da best
shrood
OutSell
Sub to my channel plz
? ?????? ???? ?? ???????? ????????? ?????????
Seriously is cartoonz and tuxbird going to face MACIE JAY WTF who came up with this might as well put vanoss with noted????????
Light things on fire and make fun of a cyclops. Doom?
The thermite screaming sounded a lot like dipper from gravity falls
Do you think badger takes down the frog poster when a girl comes over ??
I hope you continue to play with wildcat and basically after this event. Who knows, maybe they'll introduce you to vanoss
:D a new video
Thermite + Ying = the thing
Free weekends are for reminding u that u should take a break from the game. Cuz its a fucking nightmare i almost blew my brains out watching free weekend players
Why did a video game so long
He has 14000 r6 credits
You look high in the end lmao
As you post this video I got two mbps and 3 aces in having a good day
Capitao is next!
MOAR BAHJER!!!
Bruh, yingmite. How did you manage to miss that combo, scrub?
BLEYET FUZE WINS AGAIN FOOK SPAGETTHI WOHMAN REEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE
Saw this in the discord
the operator's name is still not "capitao"
Badger can I get a shout out in ur next vid it’s my birthday today and I need a cheer up
7:50 oh, my heart
MOAR BAD BHAJUR
Seeing this on YT after seeing it on Twitch feels weird
Please get back the jello
Did marcel do the doo doo doo do doo from terminator??
Flex Tape will cause Soviet Union 2
Badger you nub at least give me a ? I've been trying to get noticed by you since operation white powe... White noise i mean...
3:43 You might as well just say Captain
next thing you know they're running 10-0
MURICA
Umm...this is NOT A LOT OF DAMAGE ZONE, PLEASE NO COLLETERAL DAMAGE Fuze: who said colleteral SMRSH?!
The worst things of siege are teamkilling and the random kicks
im gonna hvae to ask you to leave
R u gonna play bfv
Shroud and Macie are obviously..
I just smoked a rock through a nerf gun barrel
Chief, we need M O A R c o n t e n t with these two
Casuals amirite
THAS ALOTTA DAMAGE!!!!
You should play more with them
5:54 ABSOLUTELY NOT
DAB ON THEM HARTER WRYYYYH YEET
Badger were did u get the picture of the frog I want it
A REALLY BIG FUCKING COMING RIGHT UP 2 seconds later...... ya BOI MEGAMIND MUTE jams your shit mute you fucked up the Thatcher throws his air soft ball the therminator goes CMERE BOI GONNA MURDER YOU FAMILY Did someone say family where do they live says fuze round 1 lost Family K.I.A
Ain't Nobody like you badger
Marcel is so cringy
Welp, shroud is play one so that’s a gg
Thermite + Ying= Thing
It’s sad that they will go right back to playing fortnite and probably forget all about this happening. Rip good content
Play battlefield
You need to do more this is brilliant
3 badger videos in a month? Im dreaming right
What do you mean frost isn't good!!?
Shut Hecc Buxtird! o wait....
How did Cartoonz win? The man himself admits he's no good.
That's a lot a damage
Stream Squad?
How the fuck didnt shroud and macie win? Insert hmmmm fuze here
Can’t wait for the capi video
You need to make a valkerie vid
I frickin' love you and Wildcat!
A REALLY BIG FUCKING HOLE COMING RIGHT UP Phil Swift appears I SAWED THIS MARRIAGE IN HALF
Lol
late upload
Maybe the bandages that Thermite “wears” IS FLEX TAPE?? :o
We ever gonna get a video other than rainbow 6?
Hey badger u gonna do a dying light 2 video when it comes out?
Ive been trying seriously hard to like tux. Ma boi jamie is friends with some friends of mine in Arizona. But god damn. Badger my taped up chap, you just produce way better content. You should hit me up on siege too. Im a gold scrub. But i like to think im funny.
Badger has now accended into god tier YouTube’s status
So many noobs YaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaA
Tchanky Kang puts down Turret and says THIS MEANS I AM GOING TO KILL YOU!
why was nickmercs in it. he plays ps4
Im sure Macie Jay and the other guy will win.
Hi I’m phill Swift here from flex tape
Capitão vid confirmed! Please be true.
1.5 mil subs ?? like if you’ve been here since 100 k
8:16 “Frost isn’t even a good operator” yes her traps aren’t that good most the time but she is still a solid operator
Need more chanka vids
I just imagine Capito leaning left and using a tiny periscope taped to his acog to see it with his right eye.
Is it just me or does badger thermi fusion sound super badass? He sounds like gogeta at 0:15
ay chief 9:18 wit da shoutout
After seeing his trailer and gameplay, I can say Mavericks is a lit operator.
My pickup lines are r6 quotes. "Lights out" "biohazard detected" "all I know is that my six inch blade never loses reception" "Pushing forward" "big fucking hole coming right up!" "Heart beat detected" "cluster bomb ready" "cams online"
Honestly Badger, I love your editing style. Your videos never seem to have a dull moment.
flexs
got kicked for killing teammate about to be interrogated......
"Frost isn't a good operator." Whatttttt are you talking about.
I watched the entire stream and he used every single funniest clip
5:08 stream sniping. Check the chat box lower right
that video was hella sponsored
Macie's teammate already plays siege and hit plat 1
“uH BuT Im A fRoSt mAin”
You should play matches with bikini
RIP The Dream...
Luv u badger
Badjur you’re unranked lmao
Well offcourse shroud and macie are gonna win you dumb shii-.
I got my second ace today
Shroud is a fucking plat, they done for
SypherPK ? More like, StifferDQ.
the very big gay
Thermite+Ying combo isn't called "Therying" it is called "Theriffying" you are welcome...
Jesus, I did not see this one coming, great collarb!
Shroad and Macie lmao
Just a question but what Graphics Card do you use? U got good graphics
This brings me back to the old days when Badger was like Marcel and Wildcat. Especially with Ghost Recon Fuze.
How fat is badger's wallet with Ubisoft money?
Thermite walks up to a wall marries wall fucks wall baby walls
Badger when are you going NFL pro because that was a beautiful arc on that nade
Shout out to Isaaakbaby if anybody else saw him say Hi back!
GO BACK TO CANADA YOU STINKY BADGER ??????
Early Squaaa- Nvm, 11K Likes.
ima keep it real wit u chief
This is the best thing Ubisoft has ever spent money on.
A really big fucking hole coming right up fucking Thermite has been banned due to toxic behaviour
like the reds and blues from red vs blue
11:44 excuse me that's 'Munism.
Can shroud stay in his own lane plz. I don’t wanna see this wannabe everywhere. He already ruined Pubg for me.
It’s so satisfying to watch it on a badger stream then see it in the video
Dude...... YingMite
Light everything on fire, and make fun a cyclops? Is he playing Teamfortress 2
Haahhahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahah
I can’t stand getting hit in the head by someone with a stroke of luck and just dying.
What the fuck was that picture in the background at 12:20
Y have flex tape when you can have FLEX SEEL OH YEEEE DAWG THAT'S ALOT OF DAMAGE I SAWED MY FAQIN WEEDING RING
"No Flex Zone" AKA Badger Backpack Zone
Blyat Fuze wins ever time
CAPITAO VID BOIS!
"No go no zones"
Bahjer
Fuck yeah, your finaly doing Capital
Shroud has already played for like a month he’s winning
Ha ha ha no child left behind failed ha ha funny joke. Oh wait...
Oi! TheRussianBadger, there's a... Cav behind you!
Frost is the best operator in R6
TheAmericanBear
No team Serenity dansgame
Y'all prob don't care but check out my YouTube channel I will be posting lots of rainbow vids next week... thanks
VamosPenta!! oh wait...
What about yingmite
Each team has an ABSOLUTE GOD at the game Badger, Tux, CaRtOoNz oof where can I watch the onslaught of pro plays
@TheRussianBadger after the R6 event, you and the battle royale players: Marcel and Wildcat should play fortnite together.. Just an idea
????
When you put a lazersight on thatchers gun witch you can do
Phil swift here and hold fuck that’s a big hole
Anthony pit tried to join the game
Why no flex tape???
I’m getting a bit bored of his siege videos
Something actually worth wasting your day to
How do u not have a rank this late into the season
can you make a dead by daylight video it's a good game
can you make a dead by daylight video it's a good game
can you make a dead by daylight video it's a good game
can you make a dead by daylight video it's a good game
Glad to be the only person who finds these Fortnite infants annoying.
>be me a frost main >"frost isnt even a good operator" >at least i got a random headshot when i shot a random wall >i waited for someone saying that im hacking but noone said that im hacking and only said im lucky
Rae Stremmurd
I BLEW A REALLY BIG FUCKEN HOLE IN THIS WALL AND REPAIRED IT WITH ONLY TAPE FLEX
OoooooO Is that a capitao video coming up, I have been waiting for a video on him for a while now it's gunna be gooood
Bismo the autismo bizo
Frost is the best >.< AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA
Fookin in flight wifi mate
MOAR bahjer
? ?e???y ?ig ???ki?g ?o?e ?o?i?g ?ig?t ??
Why im a frost main
i want a badger to introduce me to Siege.
#notificationsquad
"You can't kill me if I kill me" is the most BADGER thing I've heard this year.
I can’t wait for Bajur vs cartoonz
YEET
THEEEEEEEY KNO BETTA!
Badger make a Buck video already, I’m getting my ass kick because I don’t know what the hell In doing with Buck. Plz
Hi
Shroud and Macie will 2 v Everybody... that'll be fair
Flex Seal...
You've gotta work on your "BLYAT", Badger
But did shroud win? Aka shrood or shrode
4:40
Yes
10:00 Hi Isaacbaby!
Shroud and macie will win you dumb shit
Who tf still watches vanoss
FUCKKIIJMFG PIN ME
Shroud and Macy gon won
Capitaio is chocolate rain new name use it next vid or i don't kill myself
Put h20 in here
10:24 thatsa me, Aspolode
My thermite died today :( 1 like = 1 prayer
three favorite YouTubers holy shet
What's the name to the outro song??
Get the fuck off my recommended you cringe fest.
Gets sponsorship uploads daily, HMMMMMMMMMMMM
2:56 Thermite's gun is in his left foot.
They know better
Papa bajur back at it again
Do you even siege bro
Shroud is decent at rainbow he's not that good though
I am so upset about what he said about frost
Tux is an idiot. Very funny and fun to watch but playing the game... I think badger is better.
We get it you vape
So I wasn’t subbed to you but I have watched you and now I subbed and turned notifications on because you intro lol fresh prince of belair
Ying too Gucci ????
5:32 As a sledge main...i am so mad you did not kill him with the hammer
Have u taught them the power of machine guns yet?
I missed the live stream, you guys actually won!!! That’s crazy.
Ubisoft better have paid well considering this is the best advertising they could have ever gotten.
Reeeeee
I'm Brazilian and I can say : THAT'S NOT THE WAY YOU SAY CAPITÃO !!! I'm pissed , sorry .
To show the power of flex tape I FLEW A PLANE INTO A TOWER AND TRIED TO TAPE IT BACK TOGETHER
Shroud is better at the game than badger not being funny he literally destroys teams and his aim is fucking insane
I recently bought rainbow can you give me tips to be better im not to good and i love your vids
Glad you are uploading twice a week dad
Flex tape
Is badger going to do tf2
I got this game 4 days ago, Any tips for me (I've been playing the game alot and I've I am LVL 41) Also if Thermite can't flex the KapKan flex (I'll go now)
Infinity war 2 best sequel ever me sees this video o my god
MOAR BADGER
im not new and i have 400 hours on the game and a set in stone playstyle but could you teach me how to play regardless?
Badger can I get a ummmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmm Merica
5:09 peep the stream snipers
Play PUBG you hieratic
Bajur when r u gonna do a BF5 vid you fookin weeb?
How ooof like new season?
Them this event ends and they go back to Fortnite and never play Siege again...
Well Shroud And Macie Didn’t Win...
Wildcat+Badger in siege ? only good things can happen
NO FLEX ZONE NO FLEX ZONE THEY KNOOWWW BETTER THEY KNOWEE BETTER
THAT LEGENDARY SELF-NADE.
STOP YOU HAVE VIOLATED THE LAW: THIS IS A NO-FLEX ZONE PAY. PLAY THE COURT OF OR SERVE YOUR SENTENCE
5:09 i think that orrack guy might’ve been stream sniping, dunno.
You can't kill me if I get to first
THE PERFECT COMMENT
A rEalLy BiG FukIng HolE iN ThE WaLl
Even tho i don't play siege anymore i still love watching badjur mess about!
Team ShrouJay
I absolutely hate Marcel.
I finally did it I went through all the attachments in the game tested what ones work great together and made some classes but all my shotguns use reflex sights
NUTTTTTTTTTTTTTT
Limited ads for to much soupyness
Ha flex tape more like flex seal
Can't wait for tomorrow
A REALLY BIG F U C K I N G H O L E
Frost is a good operator you jerk
And those guys never played siege again.
210% Certainty that next vid is about Capitao
MOAR BAHJUR
Thermite x Ying. The "THYNG" combo
I know this is just a promo for Siege, but if Marcel and Tyler started playing Siege I would 100% subscribe to them
7:50 I jumped
DAMN G3 won again
Ily bajer
Xdreyiji
Hype for clash and maverick
GG G2
Cartoonz is pretty good
you should queup with Cartoonz and ohmwrecker too plz
as a german guy who watches every vid you upload instantly (for years now), i am wondering where your cute little german outbreaks have gone badger!?
Ima be Pullin a casual 99% flex cheif
Play more with them i enjoyed this
I really big fucking BLAYT coming right up.
I wanna see badger's squad vs g2
Ay anyone notice that guy said “well watching the stream didn’t help.”
hey badger do you wanna play on ps4 i can play with you if you want to
>Royal
I just wanna watch Macie Jay and TheRussianBadger 1v1 for 5 matches.
Can we take the time to appreciate badger going into custom game 2 milking times to transition to gameplay from 3rd person to 1st person smoothly
No fam, you can't just act like everything's normal with that fucking frog in the background
Badger I miss your Battlefield 4 days, when you hit 1 mill aw man I feel old can you do 1 battlefield video, it doesn't matter which game, I love the battlefield bad company but the best thing about your channel was how many games you played and gave fun, funny and actually realistic opinions on games. I will forever stay subbed man just bring back a little of old badger. I LOVE YOU BOI NOT GET TO CRUSHING NORMIES AND EATING WARGAMING ASS, EXCEPT YOUR ALL OUT OF NORMIES. lol
CYKA BLYAT FUZE WINS
I wish i could play brother....but i goes no internet an no gmail sigh that I can use brother....need help..bc I wanna play as my Lord an saver hacker dok
Bajur, you should do more vids with theses people just because
Macie and shroud is a pretty overpowered team
YOU SAID WHAT ABOUT MY GIRL FROST???
3 videos in a week... wow I’m happy
The correct term to refer to a ying thermite combo is 'yeetmite'
Yay wildcat and cartoonz and marcel. And more know vanoss and play with him and vanoss player r6s when it came out that cool
“A really big SUCC coming right up” ????????
first firstttttt
LET'S go g2 fucking annihilated eg
Yo badger where can i get that painting?
eww your face is ugly dont show it again pls no offense tho
Russian wearing communist gear: shoots pistol into sky wildcat: "murica"
"I've learned from the 'no child left behind' policy to say 'fuck it' and just kill everybody" - Badger 2018
Continue playng white them man
Thermite + Ying = Thing? sure
Hell yeah here before 1000
Cough
Better not take long for the Maverick and Clash vids
how did they decide who won?
LETS GO LIKE FOR RAE STREMMURD NO FLEXIN
When i see siege on discount: GOD DAM this game aint worth SHIT for NOTHING
Does badger stream, if so where
Suc plz
The stream was kinda awkwurd
Frost is a great operator you shit, I mean probably not but its whatever
What's next Badger? Fortnite BR Season 5 vid?
I'm cut between bedjur and tux. The other group will be first out.
Fuck You, not gonna pin now r u?
What is that frog painting in the background badger xD
69K views
Down vote because of the wrong stereotype with that Capitão impersonation.
A REALLY BIG FUCKING HOLE COMING RIGHT UP
Early ??
In all honesty u need to play with marcel and wildcat more cause honestly these 2 vids with them are some of the best content on this channel... honestly
Thermite + Ying = Thing
LETS GO G2
Is Frost's specialty bear traps? Or the fact that no one plays her that she can put her trap in the middle of a room and no one notices it
Badger can u read your messages in the main menu it's very disturbing to see them "unread" Icon thingy
Hi badger do a lord tachanks vid pls. Also i like your vids
C:
A no FLEX TAPE? Also I love you bajur
According to you, what happened the most in these last 2 videos 1-badger carrying marcel and wildcat 2-badger thanking ubisoft for sponsoring these videos ????????????
These guys are the best trio
Do more with tux
If you did a live you should post it on YouTube the entire thing
All Flex Zone
WHAT I AM FORTNITE NOT PLAYING FORTNITE?????????
if yall watched the paris majors well, frost's elite skin bear trap looks INSANE
Get that money daddy
MOAR
BOI
A really big fucking carry coming right up.
God. Every time I see Thermite, it reminds me of the saying, "I cut a big fucking hole in this wall!"
10:03 hi issacbaby
“Frost isnt a good operator” you my sir have never seen a good or been a good frost
Stay lowwwwwwwwww
Ying+thermite=Yosemite
Badger would carry shroud
Where’s the new operators
G22222222222
Maverick gonna melt the competition Clash is gonna cock block the competition
Seal flex
???????????? ??????
Now that’s a lot of damage
Heck yes, pls more fortnite
Badger what do you think on pee pee hole maverick
How did it feel to teach literal fetuses how to play siege
I’m 48 minutes late so daddy badger will not pin me.
Police line:do not cross no it's FLEX LINE:DO NOT CROSS
Legend has it that bajur will heart your comment if you ask nicely Please hert me bajur
Please do more vids with them this was fucking hilarious
Badgers thing he says "we did it fella's"??
BOOGR FINNALY UPLOAD MAOR
Woahhhhh that so cool that marcel and I am wildcat is playing with theRussianbadjur woahhh
So glad you had the 2 goofs in your team, just perfect chemistry . Also glad you got more recognition for your content, definitely deserved from them popular Fortnite nerds.
5 views it said hmm
Russians will be Russians, Americans will be Americans. 11:24
Hello person in the chat at 9:55 I'm not YouTube but I'm watching via YouTube soooooo
Doo dew doo dew do.... ONLY IN BATTLEFIELD
T.....H...a.....t......S A L........o.........t OF DAMAGE
Please tell me your next vid is going to be about the leaks about the new operators...
Ay can you like block web comics cause I’m just trying to see some C o n t e n t and not fucking GAY MANGA
Yeet
i was that default
Hiiiiiiiii
That Art in the backgound is delicious.
I appreciate the Shazbowl reference.
hey badger why you keep moving to different places yo
A really big fucking gun coming right up
Cmere daddy badger
100% shroud will cheat
when badger forgets hes immune to flashes as ying
What if you flex on Flex Tape?
Tape with the flex
Daily uploads? Like for badger to notice me
A realy big bowl of chef-boi-RD coming right up.
Is the Russianbager gonna join the banana bus gang
4:35 I got that skin I love that mp5 skin
Do one with vanossgaming
i was watching this live on basically channel
Already a new video Nice
Wow 651 renown!
I don't know why, but these past few vids made me feel a bit warm inside. ......weird.....
Great fucking videos dude. I love the third person-ish perspective outside a window before the clip plays. Keep it up B.
I’m just waiting for Badger to make a Clash Bald Head Joke
Does anyone know how can I change the sever that I play on cuz playing on EU makes me want to kill myself
More badger and wildcat? HELL YEAH
"CLEAR TAPE" 2017 Not Eekaj
Today’s my burthday
dank a rap vid m8
"a lot moar fun"
CLARENCE
I wish vanos got to play also badger ying + thermite =thing
I hope u guys play more siege together
Mentor? More like cheese connoisseur amirite fellas?
That royale song dough
Yessssssssssss
Good vid bagger
Wtf was that floating wood I the back round at 10:00 it’s happening in my game to
Hex flex
MURICAA FUCK YEH
Its looking like you cant actually carve holes in walls with the blowtorch. I looked at some gameplay and according to him you could just make sight lines. Its also really quiet. I WENT TO LINK THE VIDEO AND IT WAS COPYRIGHTED BY UBISOFT!!! ??????
MORE VIDS THESE ARE AWESOME!
You won’t pin this
A rather large opening arriving shortly.
You need to calm down bagger
patching up that bo boo*
god's plan
I want to see you play with shroud
Flex Tape Jokes incoming
You are the best kind of mentor cx
Tuxbird sounds like smity
Y'all some casual tryhards
Reported for child abuse
I CUT A BIG HOLE IN THE WALL TO SHOW THE POWER OF FLEX TAPE!
New oparator Bill maze abalitie puts tape flex on reinforced wall (no big hol coming right up) defense attack *i sawd this boat in half skirt srkting around in a boat
Make tachankychang the god 2 plz
I need a playlist of bahjers outro songs.
Here in 10 minutes
That's a lot of damage.
Russia is the Alpha Beta Version of 'Murica
More dunkey
Badger try a different grip on fuzes ak
This zone you may not flex in
when wildcat yells he sounds exactly like sp00nerism
NO ZONE FLEX
You should add more songs in b/w like you used to do before....
Badger sounds like a proud dad Moar büjer
Trippin
Thats a lot of damage
BITCH LASAGNA
I've been watching Badger since his channel started but its so fucking obvious now that he's just milking this channel for money. I can't remember the last time Badger uploaded a video that wasn't sponsored. Seriously, talk about being a sellout. Byeeeeeeee Badger
Cool vid badger
vro b in g fucking hole coming right up
His FOV being 45 has to be my favorite joke in Siege now.
YAAAA NEW VIDEO!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
The NO FROZE ZONE HAHA GOTEEEM
Aye yo badger any division videos????
Do You Like JAZZZZZZZZ!?!?!?!
9:59 Hello
Ima just ask , Does this game just disappears once the free weekened is done
Cant wait to see badjur crushing Shred
12:21 it looks like Clarence is thinking of eating you or just at :0:0:0
Lol shroud is already a plat and takes the game as serious as macie jay.
SO MUCH BADGER CONTENT, SO LITTLE TIME
I Hate this! You Can Have The Game Over the weekend! On Play Station You Downald the 10% of The game ... So You Can Enter in the game. But the 90% is downalding still And the both take a fucking Day. Thanks Ubisoft!
Yes flex zone
I may not be able to flex but I can still YEET
Shroud and Macie are going to win ! Im sure of it ! Let's be honest badger , It's you all alone against all of them because there is no way that these two noobs who stopped sweatin on fortnite and came to team-up with you because of the ubi-money are gonna offer you the teamwork that you deserve and you need !
* flexes*
M A R C E L
Shit this gets funnier
Boneless Jelly
Badger rearranged his apartment
Y A L L K N O W I B E F L E X I N
I finally got rainbow six siege
Flexfuck
Will there be more videos like this with wildcat and marcel? (That is if they’re willing to play)
31k veiws after 20 mins lmao
Gg
I was waiting for dis
Blyaaaaat cyyyyka
I liked this vid as soon as I opened it then I heard the "frost isn't even a good op" then I realised IT'S TIME TO PLAY 28 HOURS OF NON-STOP FROST EDIT IT ALL TOGETHER AND, PROVE, YO, ASS, WRONG
3:29 "happend" harharhar im so funy
I watched the stream and it was that good I decided to watch the video boi you outplayed Tux with that frag grenade suicide
imma keep it real wit'cha chief, I MAIN FROST!! :P Love the vids keep it up. <3
im so happy that a new video came out because the whole day I was watching 1 year old rainbow six videos from you
Oh and btw whats the song called during the end of the video ?
Those seamless transitions are prety dope !
Well i tried Siege during this free weekend and i suck at the game lol but i love the game
I just made a huge dump
shrouds already in plat 1
"You can't kill me if I kill myself first YEET" -RussianBadger President for 2020
Is that a JoJo's reference?!?
I saw wildcat s stream and I know you are making a capitaio video
Wanted to see macie flex on yall
Bruh my birthday is August 27th....
lol I got a fortnite ad
For future reference wildcats name is Tyler
Why is my Pp hard.
We Know Better
Eh another vid.
Flex Seal Tape Boat Nico Nico Nii
Shrouds a fuqin plat 1 bois
IM'MA KEEP IT 100... WIT'CHU CHIEF... THIS AIN'T IT.
1.5 mil
new power triple wilddowrkagder
707 comment 42,940 view
Fuze=sprit animal
Badger could be in a Vanoss video... my life has meaning again
I watched the stream from Wildcats pov it was aight.
Here for a good time? Every time I play with my friends it always ends in a screaming disaster and who’s better than the other
Hello
Karmin (ft. Watsky) - No Flex Zone
Tux/Bajur are bassically the most fun players in the whole 35 mil fanbase jk
Woops woops a new vids
i like that capitao just keeps two hot dogs in hes right pocket...
Let's see flex tape fix a thermite hole
Oh my god these guys are gonna go up against CaRtOoNz and Nick? Ooh this gonna be intriguing.
Capitão in portuguese=captain
Tex Fape
Never pressed on a video so fast.
“Decent mentor” Flashback to Twomad’s tournament ”YOU JUST HAVE TO DO THE DUMBEST SHIT, BUT TRY AS HARD AS YOU CAN DOING IT”
Let them teach u royale battle
MURICA
Give us some r6 siege keys
Froist mains be Mad
First Flexser
"A REALLY BIG FUCKIN TAPE-FLEX COMING RIGHT UP!"
Can someone explain to me why hung and thermite aren’t just called Thing?
Thermite with the clout goggles
screaming+headphones=mental rape
Bustin a wall more Mike bustin a but
wheres the capitao video???????????????????????? lol nevermind i just saw the end of the video ok thank you badjer.
you insult frost now I dislike ;(
CDNthe3rd should've been in there and gone on a rampage. Badger make Ubisoft give us what we all really want.
Yay new badger video
oof
They’re gonna think half the operators are memes and the other half are broken lmao
I sawed this boat in half
Badger didn’t wanna flex his carries so he said the characters names
F L E X
Battlefield 1 video please?
Cool outro :)
Bro I love these videos not to mention how helpful your advice are
How can bajur not f l e x
its funny that sypher just got ignored for the intire video
Reeeeeeeeeee
MOAR FUN
New strat: Electric Avenue, you need Bandit, Meastro, and the new Clash. Use all four batteries on wire around obj, Evil Eyes in a position that you can see the wire, and Clash in the area so that when the enemy’s are in the area she steps into the area to distract the enemy and when in range of the Evil Eye you start shooting them, and hopfully they can be baited into the bandit wire, thus shocking them from 3 different directions.
A really big fuckin hole for flex tape coming right up
I want operators videos. Not those for free weekend noobs.
Can We All universally agree Badjur has best outro rythem sounds in every video
No the the thermite ying combo is "Thing"
VERSACE
thx for telling us that the game is free to play "uploads on 19th August"
OTHER RECORDINGS Almost heaven, West Virginia Blue Ridge Mountains, Shenandoah River Life is old there, older than the trees Younger than the mountains, blowing like a breeze Country roads, take me home To the place I belong West Virginia, mountain mama Take me home, country roads All my memories gather round her Miner's lady, stranger to blue water Dark and dusty, painted on the sky Misty taste of moonshine, teardrop in my eye Country roads, take me home To the place I belong West Virginia, mountain mama Take me home, country roads I hear her voice, in the morning hour she calls me The radio reminds me of my home far away And driving down the road I get a feeling That I should have been home yesterday, yesterday Country roads, take me home To the place I belong West Virginia, mountain mama Take me home, country roads Country roads, take me home To the place I belong West Virginia, mountain mama Take me home, country roads Take me home, down country roads Take me home, down country roads
Badger thicc
Basger your more of a thonker then a mentor
Are you gonna make a videos about season 5 on Fortnite?
Been playing the game cuz the free weekend, think im definitely pick it up
how do you have more comments then views ??
badger can you do a video on every map?
Anybody Else Miss Captain Cargo Shorts?
Collab’s like this make my thermite charge spark
I walk to flex on paraplegic people, I see to flex on blind people, I hear to flex on deaf people
Good shit
Thermite + Ying = thing
Why does macie need shroud
Technically the 1080 in 1080p refers to the height. So Marcel should have said he watches in 960p horizontal.
BLYAT
Yo the only thing I'm ever gonna draw on reinforced walls are dicks
9:58 Were they playing against Nothernlion and company?
I love u
I love how your uploading more but do you still find bf1 fun cos I need some Dicey shit
More war thunder pls
Frost has the best elite skin
I’ll help them if there on Xbox then I’ll 1v1 ANY ONE
A badger and a cat shoot things and yell v2
Will you pay my internet bill so I can play siege again
Let's go bagder do do do do do
yea and despite it being FREE WEEKEND, i STILL matched with god damn PLATS !!!!!!!
SypherPK and Badger in the same vid... holy shit this can’t be real
5:33 perfect chance to sledge him and you missed it, tragic.
32 thousandth
Rae summar
La di da di da
So when’s siege doin Royale boi?
7:47 dw there’s a second bear trap right in front of him anyway
Next up, wildcat teaches badger how to play battle royale
A REALLY BIG FUCKING HOLE COMING RIGHT UP!
Shroud and macie ezpz lemon squeezy
Cyka Blyat yeah now that's music in
Im birb piou piou
rip those random game videos that are hilarious
shrod to good he uses clear FLEX TAPE
And the inside is completely dry
I hope they start actually recording this game and uploading it cause that would be pretty fun to watch on their channels.
Don’t pin this
Moar bagel
Frost got a new elite skin
Seal Flex
Wait wasn’t lupo in here too? Or was he just playing by himself to just learn the game.
Only 29k views sweet!
That’s a lotta damage!!!!!
I
Fav youtubers all in one vid i love this
Oh Tyler...you special little Human Torch you.
Great video badger
Have you heard about the new operator's
Flex Zone
Does mute put flex tape on his mouth?
I think...we need some mothafuging flex tape clear for this shit
flex tapE z0n3
I love this video
Badger I found a new tactic it’s called fuzing it or moving it it’s fuze and lion . Fuze and time your lion drone with It l And they will definitely die or get scanned so its very nice
I can’t believe people still play this crappy game honestly it’s a joke
shroud and maice jay r gods
Honestly I am very excited that siege is getting a bigger audience because then we can push them to fix ranked
OMG YES MOAR BADGER MOAR yay YEEEEEES
can you tell Ubisoft to get there crap together, I cant connect to Ubisoft servers. THX
Tux comes to safe all This is a No-Flex-Zone! Tux has left the game
0:34 lmao
This is ‘MURICA
Badger, you wanna talk about how you have that much r6 credits?
Flexing with my tape
Holy shit
Any tips for training my battle royal friend that is new to rainbow?
Here come dat boi
Aint nobody like these group of idiots. Because they have skills, style and comedy!
I was the 2,767 like so...
EARLY
Early Gang
T H A T S A L O T T A D A M A G E
“Ahhhhhhhhh explosions” thank god he used such coded language so the enemies wouldn’t know what’s happening ??????
Goofy Shit right there
Don't tell anyone but when I'm home alone I cover myself in vaseline And pretend I'm a slug
Chichen Nuggest
With Maverick will be: "A really big fucking PENIS coming right up"
No child left behind < No survivors
No flex
No f l e x
Really big dick coming right up
A REALLY BIG FUCKING HOLE
Did you really just not call a thermite ash combo the thing
Plz do a capitão video
Dude i can't wait for your videos on Maverik and Clash
How much money ur r making from this and can I get some pls.
Tape clear
Thermite can't penetrate Flex Tape
Mid sentence Thanks for goobisoft for sponsoring I dropped my phone and screamed sellout
There's a glaz on the wing, Spencer.
yo stop collabing with these posers
Maverick is basically an artistic hard breacher in my opinion
Notification squad
That moment when they stream snipe and still lost with mad disrespect from Badger
Next video TF2 video?! Is that what you meant in the outro?
I remember this stream, had to leave Marcel’s and hop onto Badger’s because his chat was pretty much aids
yo bajur do you plan on playing with these guys in the future?
Everybody knows frost with the silenced sub machine is the way to go
Bajur is now full on tom hanks
yeeeeeeeeeeeet
jokes on u Bajur Frost got an Elite skin
Fape Tlex
When you’re early and you try to comment something funny to get pinned by bajur
I watched his stream
Play with that group more
When Badger said 8:17 but after the elite skin he has to make a video about her. spoiler alert she is going to be hot.....
My Daily dose of cancer
Love how fast the vids are coming! Keep it up
My nephew calls black people, Chocolate Men.
Im PrEtTy GoOd
BLYAT
Fuck no
Hi, Phil Swift here with Flex Tape! The super-strong waterproof tape! That can instantly patch, bond, seal, and repair! Flex tape is no ordinary tape; its triple thick adhesive virtually welds itself to the surface, instantly stopping the toughest leaks. Leaky pipes can cause major damage, but Flex Tape grips on tight and bonds instantly! Plus, Flex Tape’s powerful adhesive is so strong, it even works underwater! Now you can repair leaks in pools and spas in water without draining them! Flex Tape is perfect for marine, campers and RVs! Flex Tape is super strong, and once it's on, it holds on tight! And for emergency auto repair, Flex Tape keeps its grip, even in the toughest conditions! Big storms can cause big damage, but Flex Tape comes super wide, so you can easily patch large holes. To show the power of Flex Tape, I sawed this boat in half! And repaired it with only Flex Tape! Not only does Flex Tape’s powerful adhesive hold the boat together, but it creates a super strong water tight seal, so the inside is completly dry! Yee-doggy! Just cut, peel, stick and seal! Imagine everything you can do with the power of Flex Tape!
I’m a pogan lauler
LOVE THE FREQUENT POSTS
They know better
shroud is almost diamond
Check out this app ?? sweatcoin.org/i/j6cobaxy ... It pays for walking
Imma be real wit u cheef everyone is flexing on vigil right now
Thermite+Ying=thing or therming
Yes
Am triggered when he said frost isn't that good of a operator
UEAH
Yeetski
50 dollars says tux kills badger
where did you get that frog painting in the back round
The fuq you mean frost isn’t a good operator?
can we replace buck's knife with a hockey stick?
Badger frost gettin a elite skin so she your argument is invalid
Another badger video within a couple days
Where is grim sky content
Tux is just Badgers autistic little brother
YOU CAN'T GET TO ME IF I GET TO ME FIRST
THAT'S A LOT OF DAMAGE
It really be like that
i would make a flex tape joke bu there is far to many of them seriously can humans make a interesting joke
Stoopid facking youtubers internet wins
18k in 12 minutes. Nice
Yah sex is cool but what about getting unbanned from badgers discord
did you just say that frost isnt good ? OH BOI you wrong
CYKA BLYAT
Neato Yeeto
BLYAT It do be like that some time
Nebro faggamous
Badger, I play on Xbox but I was wondering if you could teach me how to play I got the game awhile ago but I’m bad at defense and offense
Dont wear supreme in the flex zone
bugder, ie luv yu
Tape Flex ZONE
Aye slick rick remex
Flex TAPE
Go Spend some Quality time at a River To FLEX on Zofia
Here before posted on Badger's Discord
My head hurts bad
11:47 this zoom in is awkward
0:14 Bill cipher confirmed as new operator?
hey badger im fairly new can you maybe teach me how
Stop sleeping badger..... you need to upload a grim sky video!
I like how wildcat has played siege before this and is most well know for Gmod, but still counts as a royale player
Bager
Hi IssacBaby
I started playing rainbow six siege cus of you Thx for how to siege did not need it or kinda
I bought the complete edition of rainbow six with the 50% off and im still poor, give me some if dat flex tape to fix my crippling financial struggles... please
Thermite X Ying= THING
U ordered a hole were is it
Flex tape
THEY KNOW BETTER
When you have nothing you flex so you flex your flex tape
Fix thermites holes with flex tape
B R O F U-
Bajur stop uploading siege and go back to playing christian minecraft plz
Fuck yee boi
As early as 10 minutes, AND I'm stoned af? This is gonna be godlike
This is babysitting 101
Yeet
get the $40 version
Heart me
Bajur you better miss me with that no-flex shit. Boi got the new i p h o n e 3
Only commies dislike
A BIG FUCKING HOLE COMING RIGHT UP!
Hey badger I'm going to Africa with hamburgers and eat them so I can flex on starving kids
That why thermite is my main
Do mafia 3
next up rainbow six does royale
How is there more likes than views
Badgers hairline hairline deeper than Dusty divot! ????
Anyone else thought that these videos were going to include Chaboyy?
MOOAAAARRRRR
Had to do it to em’
THAT'S ALOTTA DAMAGE!
No please no wilcat
14k views in 8 minutes, jeezus
Early squad is all here
seal
No sex zone!!
Play For honor
therming
Or thering wich when you remove the h becomes a disease in my language
Well of course Shroud and Macie are gonna win u dumb sh-
oh god always happy to see you in my notifications bro
Thermcher? I barely know her
8:20, STOP THAT ??
Samoyed Are Cute .Samoyed Are Cute .Samoyed Are Cute .Samoyed Are Cute .Samoyed Are Cute .Samoyed Are Cute .Samoyed Are Cute .Samoyed Are Cute .Samoyed Are Cute .Samoyed Are Cute .Samoyed Are Cute .Samoyed Are Cute .Samoyed Are Cute .Samoyed Are Cute .Samoyed Are Cute .Samoyed Are Cute .Samoyed Are Cute .Samoyed Are Cute .Samoyed Are Cute .Samoyed Are Cute .Samoyed Are Cute .
I played the game first during the free weekend and I main Fuze because I’m trash and need to fire ‘nades through walls before charging in
Bajur, can you teach us how 2 comedy?
TheRainbowSixBadger
Who would win? One of the best pc players in the world with over ten thousand hours on fps games alone or or one Russian boi
PLAY FOR HONOR
Please do more tux bird collabs! I love both of you so much and love it when U work together
First
Thx for doing more of this
I’m tux here for tape flex
Flex Seal
Love ur fuking vids
Fact: vigil is short for vigilante, this could be a reference to Ubisoft's previous game, watch dogs were you play as a vigilante who hacks cameras so he is not seen by them.
Dos glasses man
Eat the flex seal family of products you can.
THAT’S ALOT OF DAMAGE!
Hello am 48 year man from somolia. sorry for my bed england. I selled my wife for internet connection for play "ranbaw sicks" and i want to become the goodest player like you I play with 400 ping on brazil server and i am silver rank. pls no copy pasterino my story.
Yeet
Fucking BUFF the revolvers sound
Your videos are so well done, keep it up man :)
Of course shroud and mcjay is gonna fookin win duh
"WHERE IS THIS GUY!!" The main line of r6
YEES
boi
Personally I think even "badger" is too long. I'd just say "bad"
i want to commit suicide
Boobs
Y O I N T
E A T THE F L E X T A P E
Ya’ll ever just not flex to flex on flexing ni??????as
E
Of course my shroud and Mc gonna win the event. But Badger and Team lose with laughter
Because of the free weekend I got 2 aces in one game
Taep Fexl
Why does nobody use capitaos lmg?
Dude you’re fucking hilarious you make my day 10 times better keep it up dude
This free week thing made playing the game a absolute nightmare because all the new players coming put the servers on so mutch stress i was kicked from matches via connection failure all the time
Imma be real with you chief and just say that Maice Jay going to be flexing on you with aces!
Best way to wake up
Yes a new vid
Bajurs content is equivalent to how god of an operator Chanka is
Decent mentor...sure
Anybody else think Sypher didn't really belong in that group?
Phil is literately the second embodiment of Jesus Christ
Holy shit that title is a throw back.
If i see any of yall Flex on me in Rainbow Battle royale Siege im Dead Ass gonna waste my money skins
Really big B O N E L E S S pizza coming right up!
why cant i get a like from badger
Uploaded 1min ago for me and its has a fuck tune of views
Dang only 4 minutes and already 8k views
Thermite: To show the power of flex tape I blew a hole in this wall
I made a texture pack where reinforcements are flex tape and tachanka is in a life of boris shirt
385th
I love you badger. Give me your badger babies
Well this is the story all about how I taught some new kids from batle royal
watchin in 360p
TO TEST THE POWER OF FLEX TAPE I MADE A REALLY BIG FUCKING HOLE THATALOTOFDAMAGE
Nick and Luke won yay
YEET
hi badger, you sticky fuck
First like and holy shit keep wild cat he is funny yo my man's need a YouTube channel for wild cat instant sub
What about tony
Flex tape can't fix my broken soul tho
Im watching this at 9 11 am
This is so fucking awesome!??
Flape tex
Interesting
I was watching badger’s finka video just chilling then I saw this holy grail pop up in my notifications
One flexy boi
Why the fuck my pee pee hard
who else struggles to make original comments
Hi Phil Swift here for Flex Tape! The super strong waterproof tape that can instantly patch, bond, seal, and repair! Flex Tape is no ordinary tape. It's triple thick adhesive virtually welds itself to surfaces, instantly stopping the toughest leaks. Leaky pipes can cause MAJOR damage, but flex tape grips on tight and bonds instantly. PLUS, Flex Tape's powerful adhesive is so strong, it even works underwater! Now you can repair leaks in pools and spas without draining them. Flex Tape is perfect for marine, campers, and RVs. Flex Tape is super strong and once it's on, it holds on tight. And for emergency auto repair, Flex Tape keeps it's grip even in the toughest conditions. Big storms can cause big damage, but Flex Tape comes super wide so you can easily fix large holes. To show you the power of Flex Tape, I SAWED THIS BOAT IN HALF and repaired it with only Flex Tape. Not only does Flex Tape's powerful adhesive hold the boat together, but it creates a super strong, water-tight seal so the inside is completely dry. YEE DOGGIE! Just cut, peel, stick, and seal. Imagine everything you can do with the power of Flex Tape!
I'M HERE TO BRING YOU, FLEX TAPE
OMG ITS SREMMURD RAE
Badger plz it's 2 am and I'm tired
5.8k views in 5 minutes ??
How the hell did so many already comment when this vid has be out for 3 mins
Hi badger nice vid man keep up the great work man
I honestly don’t know what to comment Then how did I write this me.... ??
A REALLY BIG FUCKING HOLE COMING RIGHT UP
1:24 my boy looks t h i c c
Best video
Play the new rainbow siege operators already. ! They just came out right now!
hi dad
I feel like I’m the only one that gets annoyed by the douchebags guest staring on the show they kinda seem like youtubers for kids that are like 14 and below
This must be one of the greatest team of utubers who ever lived lol
Me too
Badger uploading moar than usual? Its a miracle
my name jeff
Y E E T
Ayy lmao .jpg
First
Ich mag Geiseln töten Read More
sees a Russian badger notification Literally clicks on it as fast as a hummming bird flaps its wings
A REALLY F@CKING HOLE COMING RIGHT UP
Any tips 4 gameplay as I am getting the game soon
SHROUD GONNA WIN YOU DUMP SHIT
new AR 15 is a 50 cal confirmed overpowered must ban in America #moreguncontrol
Yeet
first view
MULTIPLE REALLY BIG FUCKING HOLES COMING RIGHT UP! A REALLY BIG FUCKING HOLE COMING RIGHT UP! A REALLY BIG FUCKING HOLE COMING RIGHT UP!A REALLY BIG FUCKING HOLE COMING RIGHT UP!A REALLY BIG FUCKING HOLE COMING RIGHT UP!A REALLY BIG FUCKING HOLE COMING RIGHT UP!A REALLY BIG FUCKING HOLE COMING RIGHT UP!A REALLY BIG FUCKING HOLE COMING RIGHT UP!A REALLY BIG FUCKING HOLE COMING RIGHT UP!A REALLY BIG FUCKING HOLE COMING RIGHT UP!A REALLY BIG FUCKING HOLE COMING RIGHT UP!A REALLY BIG FUCKING HOLE COMING RIGHT UP!A REALLY BIG FUCKING HOLE COMING RIGHT UP!A REALLY BIG FUCKING HOLE COMING RIGHT UP!A REALLY BIG FUCKING HOLE COMING RIGHT UP!A REALLY BIG FUCKING HOLE COMING RIGHT UP!A REALLY BIG FUCKING HOLE COMING RIGHT UP!A REALLY BIG FUCKING HOLE COMING RIGHT UP!A REALLY BIG FUCKING HOLE COMING RIGHT UP!A REALLY BIG FUCKING HOLE COMING RIGHT UP!A REALLY BIG FUCKING HOLE COMING RIGHT UP!A REALLY BIG FUCKING HOLE COMING RIGHT UP!A REALLY BIG FUCKING HOLE COMING RIGHT UP!A REALLY BIG FUCKING HOLE COMING RIGHT UP!A REALLY BIG FUCKING HOLE COMING RIGHT UP!A REALLY BIG FUCKING HOLE COMING RIGHT UP!A REALLY BIG FUCKING HOLE COMING RIGHT UP!A REALLY BIG FUCKING HOLE COMING RIGHT UP!A REALLY BIG FUCKING HOLE COMING RIGHT UP!A REALLY BIG FUCKING HOLE COMING RIGHT UP!A REALLY BIG FUCKING HOLE COMING RIGHT UP!A REALLY BIG FUCKING HOLE COMING RIGHT UP!A REALLY BIG FUCKING HOLE COMING RIGHT UP!A REALLY BIG FUCKING HOLE COMING RIGHT UP!A REALLY BIG FUCKING HOLE COMING RIGHT UP!A REALLY BIG FUCKING HOLE COMING RIGHT UP!A REALLY BIG FUCKING HOLE COMING RIGHT UP!A REALLY BIG FUCKING HOLE COMING RIGHT UP!A REALLY BIG FUCKING HOLE COMING RIGHT UP!A REALLY BIG FUCKING HOLE COMING RIGHT UP!A REALLY BIG FUCKING HOLE COMING RIGHT UP!A REALLY BIG FUCKING HOLE COMING RIGHT UP!A REALLY BIG FUCKING HOLE COMING RIGHT UP!A REALLY BIG FUCKING HOLE COMING RIGHT UP!A REALLY BIG FUCKING HOLE COMING RIGHT UP!A REALLY BIG FUCKING HOLE COMING RIGHT UP!A REALLY BIG FUCKING HOLE COMING RIGHT UP!A REALLY BIG FUCKING HOLE COMING RIGHT UP!A REALLY BIG FUCKING HOLE COMING RIGHT UP!A REALLY BIG FUCKING HOLE COMING RIGHT UP!A REALLY BIG FUCKING HOLE COMING RIGHT UP!A REALLY BIG FUCKING HOLE COMING RIGHT UP!A REALLY BIG FUCKING HOLE COMING RIGHT UP!A REALLY BIG FUCKING HOLE COMING RIGHT UP!A REALLY BIG FUCKING HOLE COMING RIGHT UP!A REALLY BIG FUCKING HOLE COMING RIGHT UP!A REALLY BIG FUCKING HOLE COMING RIGHT UP!A REALLY BIG FUCKING HOLE COMING RIGHT UP!A REALLY BIG FUCKING HOLE COMING RIGHT UP!A REALLY BIG FUCKING HOLE COMING RIGHT UP!A REALLY BIG FUCKING HOLE COMING RIGHT UP!A REALLY BIG FUCKING HOLE COMING RIGHT UP!A REALLY BIG FUCKING HOLE COMING RIGHT UP!A REALLY BIG FUCKING HOLE COMING RIGHT UP!A REALLY BIG FUCKING HOLE COMING RIGHT UP!A REALLY BIG FUCKING HOLE COMING RIGHT UP!A REALLY BIG FUCKING HOLE COMING RIGHT UP!A REALLY BIG FUCKING HOLE COMING RIGHT UP!A REALLY BIG FUCKING HOLE COMING RIGHT UP!A REALLY BIG FUCKING HOLE COMING RIGHT UP!A REALLY BIG FUCKING HOLE COMING RIGHT UP!A REALLY BIG FUCKING HOLE COMING RIGHT UP!A REALLY BIG FUCKING HOLE COMING RIGHT UP!A REALLY BIG FUCKING HOLE COMING RIGHT UP!A REALLY BIG FUCKING HOLE COMING RIGHT UP!A REALLY BIG FUCKING HOLE COMING RIGHT UP!A REALLY BIG FUCKING HOLE COMING RIGHT UP!A REALLY BIG FUCKING HOLE COMING RIGHT UP!A REALLY BIG FUCKING HOLE COMING RIGHT UP!A REALLY BIG FUCKING HOLE COMING RIGHT UP!A REALLY BIG FUCKING HOLE COMING RIGHT UP!A REALLY BIG FUCKING HOLE COMING RIGHT UP!A REALLY BIG FUCKING HOLE COMING RIGHT UP!A REALLY BIG FUCKING HOLE COMING RIGHT UP!A REALLY BIG FUCKING HOLE COMING RIGHT UP!
3 videos of Russian badger ? Dude what I've been smoking ?
Who else gets Odd1s out vibes
5k views in 2 minutes, lol
A really big fucking comment coming right up
Flex zone
what if i flex
Noice
MY BOY CARTOONZ
Why hello
1st like on the video btw
"1 minute ago" 2k views... After I click on it 3.6k views
Badger is Dad
Well of course shroud and macie are going to win
nO FLeX z0Ne,TheY KnOw BEtTer,tHeY KnoW bEttEr
First
My cat hates fuking laser sights
Well of course shroud and macie are going to win you dumb piece of shit
Flex tape
august 16th sounds like some horror movie
So there was competition
Early
I just get put in games with noobs now
Well of course macie is going to win you dumb shi-
Shake and Bake
A really small fucking hole coming right up- Maverick
I will flex with my flex tape
Three steps to rainbow six Encounter terribles teammate Be called a n-word DIE
Gotta watch Badjurs new vid even tho my phone is at 14%
We have been blessed
Big Dick Energy
Where is Basically Homeless Lol
I never clicked so fast on a video
Therussianbadger vs shourd
Clear tape
Badger-chan is a god
Yeet my Meat Badger
Rainbow six siege is the kind of a game that will make you main a broken operator and then nerf the shit out of that operator
I like big holes...wait that sounds wrong
A R E A L L Y ??? I G F U C K I N G H O L E C O M I N G R I G H T U P
I can always click on this video to see something funny but never Your trash
Latest operator scares me ??
Second comment
A really big hole coming right up
First like
No meme zone
A decent sized hole coming up
Sup boiiiiiiiiiiiiiii
Not a fan of the sfm chars
#NofLExZoNe
Killme
208 comments 6 views
Interior Crocodile Alligator I drive a Chevrolet movie theater
MOAR BAGGER
Had an emergency appendectomy yesterday. Shouldn’t be laughing. Badger, if I break my stitches, you are paying for my bill. Yeet.
Yeeeeeeet
Notification squad
First to see a really big f ing hole. Coming right. Up
Throwing the VG crew into your style of videos. This will be a treat
yote
I was having a bad day today and this made it worse thanks badger
hel ye boie
IM ACTUALLY FIRST BADGERERREER HEArt this come on my comments thiccer than ela
Ree
Hi bajur
Love vids
Bajur ur fake lmao
Wow
I got first like
MAVERICK TIME BOISSSS
I like how some people clicked on the video, liked it and then left
FOOKING UNMANNED BLADES
Flex-Tape zone
I demand the capitao video NOW!
Wow seeing a badger video before it hits 100k views what is this
Not first
No flex zone
Skeet
He posted the same time as pewdiepie
Another video with these guys? You're spoiling us
Holy shit it’s a clash of the titans
Hi dad
Yyyyyyyyuuuuyyyyyuuuuuuyyyyyyy
Play dark souls you fuckin casul
Hi
First like Notice me badger
Y my pp hard
That intro though ??
Oof
Deadass thermite is good
A REALLY BIG F*CKING HOLE COMING RIGHT U-
YA YEET
1
Rainbow scream siege
Daddy Bagger plz send clarence nudes
Anyone else play 1 game and didn't know how to reinforce walls?
Fucking thermite
A REALLY BIG FUCKING HOLE COMING RIGHT UP
FLEX TAPE
No U
H E L L O H E L L O
Deeeeeecent not perfect
S T O P T H A T
oof
badger busts nuts at thermite
35tg
Badger pin me nerd ??
Hi dad
Ye
What did Thermite say to IQ? Really big fucking hole coming right up.
Hello mistor badger
Hecc moar memez
Hello
Dabs
badger ur cool
BAGEL
Bogo, il’ flexn’t for u
Yes another one!!!!!!!!!!! thank you Badger
Yeet
Someone tell Badger he’s the cure to depression
When's Vanoss getting a collab ?
Notifications squad
Yeet
I hate gay people
Yheeht
Like the song no flex zone
First like :)
When you have 64 views and 192 likes ftw
What do u think about clash and maverick?
1st comment
First
notification squad??
1st comment ?? I love u guys
1st comment and love the vids keep up the good work
Frost elite coming up
Holy moly
Like dis badger and I will yell communism in king aoopers
1st
Yeet on them flexers
Heh I’m so glad I’ve got notifications on so I get to watch early
Bajur ur so bad lol get off YouTube Jk
What do you thonk of Grim Sky?
Russinbadger I am Arabic And I watch your videos
Moar banjer
I left pro league for this gold
No flex tape allowed.
NOOTI SQUAAAAAD
Bet u wont pin
Badger jerks to himself in the mirror
Lmao
First
Hi badger
Ree
First like
Gey
Hi
KGB open up
Thermite more like nazi
last
Hi badger. Love ur vids
????
Tiddy
Yay
6th neato mosquito
ayy dab on them haters
Yeet
First comment #notificationsquad
Really big fricking gap coming right up
FortNite?
yeet
I love you
FIRST LIKE DAB DAB DAB
Dank as heck
Succ
Ya Yeet
gang
Love ya badger
Hello
My man??
Yote
Sup love your r6 vids
Ayyy a new video
Wassup
First
LOLXD
First
First
Early gang
Nice
Yeah boi
Luv me badger
2nd but badger won’t read
Why uploaded whiles pro league
Yea
Nice vid bro
No u
skeet
Lel
ZfirstZ
Omg first
First
first?
Yote
hi notification squad
First give me vbuck
First
First
First
First
first
Yeeet
Hiiiii
Hi
Yeet Badger is on the grind
Bet
First
Boi
Ayyy
First
BLYAT
First
First
Hi badger
Why pp hard
heyo
YEET
First
First??
Ur mom gae
Dab
first
First
Badger the OG
1
Notifications LMAO
Yeet
First like
First
First
hey
I luv u ??
Yote
First comment
Yeet
Boom
First
BADGERS MY DAD
First comment boo
First
Sick
Sup
No thanks
Gay
Yeet
Is this good content?
no balls, he won’t pin
My man
First
yeeeeet
First
First like
Yesssssss
First
Yeet
F
Yo
Yeet
Not to hate but doesn’t it sound like beaulo is commentating his gameplay instead of call outs “I’m going to jump in ‘cause there’s no barb wire” “I’m laying at the half wall; still peaking from where I was” instead of like 3 people on me, in (wherever), a buck, sledge and a thatcher. Am I wrong? ??
Sorry beaul0 I only respect people who use reflex
???? ??? ?????????
Any sense recommendation for ps4
Are u in a pro team..?
show your setup plz
Blitz is gay
Beaulo is a Monster. Reminds me of the first Diamond I encountered in casual. Clapped my cheeks everytime.
I’d go gay for beaulo
0:53 how tf you made that yah yeet?????
what resoulution
0:52 Y a h Y e e t
My content be like ... That's a beaulo.
i think important to say ?I'm watching ~?
È più forte CiccioGamer
How do you know when you injured somebody??
Is wide screen letterbox applied?
Was this ranked, if so why don’t your points come up?
????????????
I am from Germany. Pls watch my Video ! 1VS5. I KILL ALL https://youtu.be/c2yTkqbQ4Kw
Did Beaulo kill Gavinacity at 2:48?
When you started headshotting through smoke on non visible characters is when you lost me as a fan.
0:46 I thought you had hacks
0:52 why does it say "Yah Yeet" in orange where its suppose to say "Orange Team" ?
Im in a game with u :D
Why are the games longer?
The boy workin on his callouts for PL?
Talk about sweaty hands Jesus this dude is good
??????
Wait how was it a 4-1 wouldn’t the match end?
That valk was elusive
You have an odd aspect ratio, it seems very large compared to other siege content creators
0:16 wtf
How did u know sledge was down?(3:20)
What do you play on ?
I got an ace as Dokkaebi one time??
"I'm turning my focus 1 degree to the left"
man, why don't u go pro?
Nice job, some really good content here. Can’t wait for next video! Trying to start a YouTube channel and post some R6 content soon!
You inspire me to get better every time I watch one of your vids. Thank you kind sir
what is the skin of thermite at 1:20 (for his yellow hand) ?
just got back into seige lu u bruv
Is that 4:3 resolution?
stop smoking pot while playing beaulo :P takes u like five seconds to remember locations while calling out xD
??????????
Beaulo what did I say the other video? You are running out of titles lol
its not even fun to watch
Sub to me
you are a fucking monster
Are you Jesus ?
Childs play
? ???? ?? ????? ???? 4:1
So. I gotta ask that.. after 2 years now.. are you still 16 and cant join the pros? ;)
4-1???
How does it say yah yeet above the round won at the beginning??
I watched these clips live at school lol
Beaulo looks as if He has aimbot ??????
I named one of my r6 vids one man army so i can't help but wonder if you seen my vid. Most likely not but i'm curious lol
Hey I will never play ash, Hager, and anyone u want me not to go again if u comment to me
I hate a bad day at school??
4:52 Zofia was hit and said "Yikes!"
1 man carry
Your to good
Beaulo is pretty much 40 Pro players x 100 in one guy
4:15 cool cool cool cool no doubt no doubt no doubt
Yah yeet
Damn your like a Beast at Rainbow six siege bro
Are u playing esl in this vid?
Joga muito moleque ????
Who saw yah yeet on top of top of round won
Eres un dios Beaulo, like si eres de Mexico. Ve a ver mi nuevo video, hice la kill más larga con la ballesta de Capitao.
I watched this video today with my teacher at her desk and classmates. She says that your operator has "very nice gloves"
Yah yeet
the first clip is a fuckery
Sub
Yah yeet
Is that a custom
Go inspired styles and tactic in sixquattre ??
Godly is still better
the amounts of callouts that he gives is insane its like his teammates are him as well
Is it me or did beaulo's aim didn't perform as well as before o.O
When you're God...
There is something of with this vid......
That freakin communication tho
Weird flex but ok
Plz youtube will verify you
4:55 lol that scream..
at 4:53 when you flicked onto the Zofia in bathroom hatch you hit her. tf man, nutty stuff
Let's go baby!!
What do you look at when opening scoreboard?
When Beaulo plays terro hunt be like Beaulo joined the game Terrorist left the game
beaulo beaulo beaulo u are amazing man ...
you're one man army - good title best player in the world
You couldn't save Hibana from falling
Nice to see people chill with their ace being robbed from them
Was this is a custom? Because the score was 4-1
1 MAN ARMY. GUNS CAN'T HARM ME !
Alllooooooo
Has anyone ever wondered why you have teammates in siege?
Sunday Mailbox: Have you heard of this wonderful thing called "Twitch Prime"?
how the game is 4-1 and the match is still going?
Your gameplay really inspires me and eventually it made me a better player.??
oKAY GUYS. i GOT AN AMAZING IDEA. wHAT IF THERE WAS AN oPERATOR THAT IS lIKE lION BUT LIKE HAD HIS THING ACTIVE 24/7 AND iNSTEAD oF gETTiNG SPOTTED yOU GET dEAD
Miss speed strafe ??
People should start getting banned for playing too good. Sorry you are first to go.
Welp, I guess I failed No Nut November
the callouts tho
I just liked and commented on my second account... ily bealuo ;)
Now this is epic.
When I watch beaulo I get turned on
Beaulo.G2
Hot
I want a theory on what character ildris elba would be like in the trailer
R6tm??
Bro at 1:00 in the kill cam it looks like aimbot from then hip
The one taps are so satisfying lol ??????
wtf
They just got beauloed in that first clip
I got my first ace and im 11 Ps:Im sorry im 11 i love the game
Hello, are you a Pro league player ? I love your Game play
scump at the beginning???
Do you have any tips for me as for siege? Plz i need them
Looks a lot better on 360p. U guys should try it some time
Beaulo droning?!
hacker!
Why do you play points off
At 4:54 he actually hits him through the wall. you can hear the scream lol
Anyone notice that it says “Yah Yeet” when they win at the beginning of the vid
A seven nation army couldn't hold me back!!!!!
at 2:00 clip how did you know that there was someone in „90“ ? Ure so sick dude
all comp clips holy shit your crazy
I'm in NASA!!!!!!
damn this dude got movement
When Beaulo is playing the game... XXX is in the bathroom xxx dead XXX is in VIP XXX dead XXX is in xxx XXX dead Beaulo must be the Death in siege ( ?° ?? ?°)...........
totally first
Yo what are those yellow wraps for thermite
Thanks for the game info but what’s your mouse?
Jeez what headset do you have to hear everything?
U smelly haha
Ur mi dadd
Yo honestly I wanted to commend you for how good your comms are in game, I used to watch you because of your aim but your communication has gotten so good I consider it a standard to live up to. Keep up the good work.
Why did I get unsubscribed from you? Youtube sucks.
Just wondering, can you start to upload full gameplays of matches? I feel it would be a lot more interesting and fun to watch you die sometimes.
If you can't think of a title just name it spaghetti sauce plays
Please, love my comment.
4:48 that random flick hit the zofia
he using mods
I love how he has started to call everything out, I’ve been learning so much.
do the godly shit, knife the floor
big ego but yes true
00:53 "yah yeet" perfectly describes what just happened ??
Beaulo do you do esl?
Call of duty
Heh you're playing with achieved and you dicked on him and he was like yeah that's sus, anyone know what I'm talking about?
How the fuck was it 4 and 1 and the game still on ?????
"yah yeet" at the teams color that is all
More upload consistency needed, but your plays make up for it.
If it wasnt for your genetic You woudnt get those kills like that
Beaulo has gotten a bit more predictable, i can see how godly can destroy him.
I watch this to hype myself up for some copper ranked
go 4 BO4
4:16 are you Jake Peralta ?
“Glory hole” ????
g l o r y h o l e
This man is a god, I wish I had is God like powers
When r u going pro !?!?
Plz upload more and possible play otger games
4:55 you hit whoever dropped bathroom you can hear the scream ??
just had Beaulognese for dinner
How do you cancel the drone like that
When’s Beaulo gonna join a Pro League team ????
4k after 4k
Yo what the hell, the first voice in this video sounds identical to me
Are you able to disable points and the hud where it shows how many people are alive? 2:45
Beaulo PRO PLAYER
4 :15 is that jake peralta?
come visit your grandmother.
please tell me how it says yah yeet please wtf
4:20 gotta pop them pills
I LOVE U
The God of siege..
pure highlights
6:43 19 and 7 lmaoo what a guy
How do u become so skilled at this game bro, I’m knew I have some experience with the game, gold 2 lvl 45, when I see u play I try to manipulate your gameplay, but it never works, plz help this Poor noob
I had a lovely day at school Beaulo
Kinda weird hearing you articulate properly instead of being like "mhm onehmsms ninetymhmh" you mumbling motherfucker
The 19 kill 7 death game was a GG
sooo. what happened to disrupt? and there is clips that aren't ranked or casual are they costum or some sort of tournament?
Oh yea? You and what army? Beaulo OH SHIT my bad fam this was a misunderstanding
This is real content! Good Job Beu
Calls ????????????
why does he keep lowering his sens. It is so freaking low
Why do they have more ranked rounds than usual?
what is that uniform for thermite? I like it
I literally saw everyone one of these clips on stream ?? still watched tho
There has never been a more truthful title for Beaulo ever
yah yeet
Maaan could you put your cam of "non emocionated person when he makes an imposible 1v5 with closed eyes" face. Plss put your web again in the videooos
IcewallowCome
Is your ads higher than you hip speed?
Howdy bol
Howdy bol
Good vid.. Just got off school
should i get a logitech g pro or a zowie mouse not sure which one yet.
A 7 nation army could hold me baAaAak
I had a stressful day at school Beaulo
"Smoke is in showers"
Love your call outs. Inspires me to have my team get better and know each callout. WP dude.
Next vid, show some funny moments
I'm downloading the game now..needs a 40 gig update on ps4.
I hope to play with you once Beaulo
yes no points
Is he playing scrims?
YAH YEET!
Do you play 3:2 or 4:3 ? Please answer if you can.
ok, at first i thought this is a "coastline only" video :D
Did you change your sensitivity?
0:16,can any one tell me how?? i want know how to throw drone and doesnt open phone
Amazing quad!
How do you delete the red cross when you kill someone?
8:33 how is the castle that bad
Since when did Beaulo do go4’s? Thought he wasn’t interested in pro league
Copied by narpha????????
he is insane
Communication improvements were made I see
8:41 what?
us
Beaulo's got good calls my dude.
Title should definitely be "The killer glory hole"
How was there a 7-5 game? Was he playing a tournament or like a friendly game or what?
4:54 he actually hit the one tap, you can hear Zof scream
I'm so happy that I am a EU Player because if I was going to get a match against you I would just cry
Now let's see you get a real job.
When all hope is lost you still mustn't surrender
Did you kill the doc at the beginning and say ‘thats pantry’
Is the ’kablam’ skin a season skin?
How is 400 dpi and 8 V and 8 H work?
This is custom
can someone just pray for me, I wanna play siege soon
??
Damn, Gavin got popped.
Dude this guy thought i was really you because i put my name as Beaulou. and then searched me on r6s tracker and i have 60% win rate and you have 65.7% win rate so he thought i was your alt account
#BRAZIL
You are the best player of r6s
I suck big cocks
Bro why you uploading it's no nut November
There was only a few places to be hiding in the bathroom. If you kept shooting you would've got him earlier. You still ended up getting him though so I guess that doesn't really matter.
Here's a challenge you can only use valk's shotgun and desert eagle
Imagine him playing fortnite
We all know beaulo is a one man army.
papa beaulo
I saw this live on twitch <3
Add me on xbox. Gamtertag is Xinzin. I am a top 100 global diamond. Was 45 global??
12,719th
After how many melees does a window break? I see people hit it once and vault in once but I have never seen it in my games. It takes two hits for me.
0:35 why custom game? Thats 4-1
U try 1 time to change sensi. Like high dpi and lower in game sens?
heyyy
Keep up the good work man, love your videos and wish I will be as good as you or day
Siege GOD
Literally saw most of these clips live on stream
is this from the Faceit 10 mans? :)
Teach me how to be a fake hacker
4:55 you hit her XD
Nut or watch Beaulo and Nut? Beaulo it is. Get my lotion.
insane brudda <3
What?? 4:24 Is it the "Achieved" who got fucked by YOU in your 16th Montage? :D
eZ cLaP
Nice
?? ???
Y a h Y e e t
Well I failed no nut november
The title is perfect, you were the only one playing, killing and giving callouts so...
Why is it so hard to play pc r6
Ilove you beaulo
You're a god damn Savage
You are god
Could u tell us about your pc features please?
If someone wanna see my channel and subscribe i do hilights of R6
Cute title to put while Pro League is on. :)
The clip at 4:45 why didn't you try to wall bang Zofia when she dropped bathroom hatch
Hey dude, what's up, it's Gabirusco2005 from the ps4
Hiii
Que bueno biblo que ya hablas más muchacho tenga su like
NOW THIS IS EPIC
.
Lol u destored gavin acity
Beaulo you are a monster.....
Anyone else thought of MW2 from this title?
Boa tarde, eu tenho um canal no YouTube nome: Tata R6 quem puder dar uma forcinha agradeço desde já
I just ate 6 hi fi bars an now my ass feels like it's gonna blow up
See guys, now this man is a great CoNsOlE player.
I lost my shit with the glory hole call
Why is 16:10 so streched on your vids?
sup boys
You Play a lot, with a proper Reason, this is the Best R6 player!?????
Yah yeet
oof
Crispest callouts I ever heard
And his Name is John Cenaaa
Doc issss.......smoke is dead
beaulo you are my favourite siege player
100 wiews, 400 like, youtube’s bug
Beaolu:what the type of mouse and keybord should be used
Lesions body just chilling at 4:48 hahahaha
TE AMO
4:54 lol u hit her and it seemed to be by accident
Love u bro??
"There is a singular Glory Hole in the wall."
Mah boi if i ever ever come across you I will straight up leave the game xD ur too good <3 nah would be amazing to play against you but i dont think im gonna be diamond any time soon :P
omgomgomg
Follow my snap ??
You are soo insane please tell me what hack you use
how old are you
dope
you god
Pee pee
beaulo daddy
In rainbow
How to hold an angle but still be the one peeking...
Nice i would like to play with you beaulo Nice job
2views 206 like ?!?mm???????
Yes we can have a good team
Hi
“A single glory hole” Been there, done that
i love you beaulo
I love you??????????
Deus?
When Beaulo plays terro hunt be like Beaulo joined the game Terrorist left the game
Fuck your mom
Gg
Yes 6 th no way omg
Are you hyped for wind bastion?
Beaulo is the best player in the game like if you agree.
Do I hear CONTENT?
Gg
I Love you ??
Are you the real beaulo ?
Beaulo is nuts
Best Player in the fucking World
Reply for shroud like for beaulo
3rd
You’re not that bad
I was sitting here thinking of a title forever. Please forgive me for this one.
fucking goat ?????????
1st
Damn.
Lol when I see you upload I just INSTA tap on it lol
Wooooah
Not first but ily
Best
Game end him my self
First
Notif squad
Nice vedio
not first
Nice
Third
First
NICE VIDEO BEAULO
Hi:)
First beaulo
Nice Video
First
One
One man BEAULOOOO
On Fire ????
Brasil
1
Gg
I love you
Toxic beaulo???????
God
Nice
????????
Third
First one
gg beaulo????
3rd
Beaulo!!! ??????
Bro you are fire?? I'm sharing r6 highlight videos. If you want look my channel, Thanks...
no
Wassup
Gg brother
Beaulo ?
First
Hiii
Hi
lit lit
1st like and commwnt
First
Epic
Nice video
Cooooooooool!????????
First
Gg
GG Brasil
what headsets ae they using and can you buy them???????
lmao he's getting whiplash ????
7:47:39 literally taking shots at mercy LUL
I am from Norway.Norway is best
1:49:58 Mangachu from Austria lol
Team Canada? More like Team Bleached Blonde
44:43 BOOSTIO
So why is Doomfist so big in the world cup?
It's so fun to watch Canada play
1:48:17 its mei
1:33:47 was that an all-star reference??
1:16:15
I don’t get it someone please explain. Is XQC Canadian or American? Wasn’t he playing for Dallas fuel? Do people play in teams from countries they’re not from?
Can we get a playlist
neil bad AF
AS a norwegian i have to hope Norway wins????????????????????
ADD THE COUNTRY SKINS TO THE GAME! #NORGE / #NORWAY <3
So happy to see XQC back
xQcunt is back!!!
Doa Monte is too good. Love them.
USA
Yeah I’ll watch the whole thing
Man the nose on note ??????
4:01:00
That thumbnail is such a big spoiler!
Overwatch can I come in the overwatch Thailand team pls
I like how XQC sprayed the Dallas Fuel logo even after they kicked him off the team, haha.
They played Zarya tbh she was making plays
The commentators talking about Austria after that third game was so sad ??????
did agilites change his postion?
Match 1 intros start at 29:37
Pregame starts at 14:37
You know I had to do it to them
It’d be funny if this whole World Cup was scripted
2:07:08 That was nice
21 ???. ?????? ??????????-????????? ??????, ???????? ?????? ????????????, ?????? ???????....
TriHard 7
I saw mercy picked atleast twice out of all of those world cup games, is she just not good or fun anymore or something? Havent played overwatch in a while.
Heia Norge
É BRASIL POHA
The world cup is a good idea in theory, but in reality, its just a ton of total blowouts. Get rid of the scrubs next year. USA Canada Sweden Finland France Korea are the only teams that should be there.
can you stop banning maximilianmus
Vaaai Brasil!!
1:46:05 the best part hands down
3:34:05 broken Rein charge
That Canada vs Austria match was brutal and hilarious. Amazing moments and crazy strategies.
Which is the first game in the 2018 world cup?
NOTE HAS A BIGGER SHNOZE THAN XQC
blizzard your advertisement game sucks, ive already missed owl finals, all star games and now first day of world cup just because i didnt know, and i follow oyu on all platforms :C
Hi my name is Ian i'm 13 when I grow up I want to work with blizzard!
VAI BRASILIAN
Pelo menos da noruega nois ganha
I hate how there's always some annoying girl screaming their lungs out in like every one of these
I am from Norway
EU > NA
Hey Overwatch character designs. Can you make a skin of Genji with a Baseball bat? That would be really cool paired up with the fastball Zen. It would also be really funny to see him deflect his balls with a baseball bat.
Dude potg should be like these highlight reels. With the slow-mo and speed ups
Assisti 8 horas de live ontem, e hoje mais um dia. FERIADO BOM ESSE
0:00:01 this should work
When they are playing do they have their country skins on? Because in one shot of their monitors it looked like they all had the default skins on
Make an Overwatch League channel. Different interest between Overwatch and Overwatch League. Some people just have no interest in it and you create 300 videos and alerts about it.
NORWAY????????????????????????
GO CANADA
TriHard 7
Wow when I saw the thumbnail for a second I almost had the reflex to unsubscribe to the channel because I thought someone was talking about football.
here gudd
6:27:30 "That high noon looked more like an 11 45"
Spoilers in thumbnail, good job
Are these skins comming to the game so i Can Buy them?
WE GO AGANE!!
It feels good to be Canadian
4:50:00
I am not watching tho whole thing, can someone tell me the stats
Rain drop Drop top Blizzard nerf me non-stop
Awwwww XQC with the Fuel tshirt
Trihard 7
BRAZIL HAS TO BACK AWAY
Good
Beginning at 00:00 ;)
Is it just me or was USA playing for the memes in that series?
Video bug
I support Canada because it’s a nice country and..... MAPLE SYRUP!!!!!!!!!!
Overwatch world cup lucio ball when?!?!?! Certainly i'm not the only person out there that wants that right?... Right?
Hopp Schwiiz
Please don't have any result on cover screen???? ruins the rewarch for other timezones ????
When you realize brazil don’t play lucio on illios
KKONA BRUTHER HELLZ YEAH
I think the top 4 that is SOUTH KOREA ,CANADA,USA and FINLAND.
WTF IS HAPPENING. IM STARTING AT 4:10:00 AND IT ENDS AT 4:00:00!!! THIS IS SO BUGGY
Vai BR •?•
Yeah Brasil! South American power!
can you add the country skins?
Thought xqc was out of OWL... not watching another match with him a homophobe on the rosters. Utterly disappointed.
XQC is a horrible human being!
Man xqc looking like a snack on that ow camera :^) go daddy xqc
they play tanks on EU? since when i cant get a single tank in my groups
Team Canada ????????????????
I give props to the commentators, idk how they can talk that long and say every details in seconds, I wish I was like that lol
I for some reason play the game and yet almost never watch is that a crime or just flat out sin.
Canada!
GO CANADA! Singapore is not in so I'm supporting my boy xQc
Why is the video starting at 4 hours?
Are all these world cup skins be available to everyone to purchase?
?
xqc has a dallas fuel undershirt.. so passive aggressive
XQC’s back!!!
i dont care about the stream why are they both doing the you know i had to do it to em pose in the thumbnail
BR !
???? 1???..?..?? ???
The video keeps starting after the 4 hour mark and won't start from the beginning! Wtf?!
Rip seagull pro playing days. you will be missed. USA will make him proud from his twitch stream
EEEYYY CANADA IS MY COUNTRY YAY!!
WHERES ZE CANADIAN HEROES BLIZZARD YOU dumb?
brasil porra
???? ???? ??? ?? ???
I thought they got rid of overtime.
???? LIKE THIS VIDEO & COMMENT FOR A SHOUT OUT???? ??More Overwatch Daily Videos - https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLgmVrkWqP3IdxRLqN2JqPN6DGu3JSePR2
Is it just me or is Ashe just a better Widowmaker? Headshot non-tanks, get height easily (now with damage!) throw an explosive that DOT's (but you can shoot it early and its an AOE!) and an ult that summons an extra TANK--WHO CAN APPARENTLY CONTEST THE POINT??? My god. And I thought I was tired of seeing Widowmaker in every damn game...
I think i’m gonna need to borrow Bruce’s credit card. I need a new setup in the Fortress of Solitude.
#stopbobabuse
? ?????? ??? ?????
"Bob do something." Bob stares at wall.
Whos eats cereal with water eww eww
Twomad of the day: DADDY
Or tired or to make funny
Needs a Nerf, immediately.
I'm Punk so I must rebel, I'm Asian so I must like maths, I die my hair crazy colors so I must be looking for attention, I'm Bob, So I must do something.
I think BOB is hero 30.
BOB = Michael Jackson : O
Wait what’s wrong with eating cereal with water
XQC can make a good flex main
Ashe looks fun, let’s se how long until everyone’s starts crying for her being too powerful
cereal used to be eaten with water, the only reason we use milk today is because of milk and cereal companies working together. thus the norm became the oddity.
10:00 My foster parents used to make me eat my cereal with water almost every morning, it was torture and disgusting.
poor bob
of course the twomad clip had to be lowered lol.
OGE is an absolute madlad.
Is she free for everybody now or is this PTR
Effect was actually sorry about killing bob unlike everyone else who just laughed
This morning when I was on ptr someone landed Bob on one of the rocks at hanamura and it looked like he was tea bagging.
Im glad Twomad's dad was able to help him :)
Finally my boy twobad on the spot
Bob must be under a lotta stress
Bob: Exists R34 artists a week later: ( ?° ?? ?°)
1970s: In the future I bet we'll have flying cars! 2018: Eating Lucio-ohs with water instead of milk
i watche like 10 ads on this video, wtf
F in the chat for Dafran btw
God bless Bob. At least he tries.
Forget Ashe, I'M A BOB MAIN NOW!
0:37 What, that's insane.
XQC new ana main who dis?
balanced
Bob M I N D I F I EXTEND? DO SOMETHING
Poor bob. He was told to do something. I didnt think he'd do that
With great pointing ability comes great responsibility
BOB! DO SOMETHING! kills his own team
Spiderman: Mr. Stark can I do something?
5:00 A new feature, Winston's bubble is now a DiscoBall
Not even psychopaths eat cereal with water.
At 5:20 that was me
Hey wait it means that now you can do a 7 men shatter, 7 men dva bomb or a 7 men EMP Pog
Double te-he <3
I’m gonna have to agree with Sideshow here. We have to put OGE down. For everyone’s sake
Double charachter, double 'teehee'
Ok now kephrii is not a widow god anymore ... he is a widowasher god... no wait
points the cliff BOB, DO SOMETHING Bob dies '' I'M SORRY BOB '' Dafuq dood, what's your problem? :<
144 days left!!
The moment I saw the title, I immediately thought that it was because B.O.B was going to fall through the map... #IGotJebaitedBecauseOfThat
Blizzard needs to patch the game so B.O.B. can't be summoned into pits #justiceforBOB
water + lucio oh's = transformation into owl player
Well BOB has had a hard life, being bossed around. Wouldn't it be expected if he doesn't do something?
They're gonna Nerf Bob being able to cap points
HeeTee !
Fitzy was the first one to see Winston's new disco skin
that is one S P I C Y angle if I've ever seen one
DO YOU MEAN ANYTHING*
I'm watching during school shhhhh
There's now a second hitscan sniper, i guess kephrii can play 2 heroes now and not only widow. Still doesn't deserve to be in OWL.
A TwoMad clip and two "teehee"s? I can dig it
Birdring_ow aiming is different than what is usually see. Very rough and fast yet precise. Unlike the usual smooth tracking. I like it. Its exciting to watch
Wow you showed someone eating cereal with water and didn't warn us of NSFL content. Reported and unsubbed
8:16 kephrii kills me xD
I guess kephrii has a new main... so do I :D
Roll that beautiful BOB footage!
I wish i could be good at Bob
3:39 He is saying: "sleep sleep"
Is this a mythbusters video for Big Omnic Boiii (B.O.B)
Twomad "MY DADS COMIN. HES COMIN. DAD DO SOMETHIN"
two teehees? that's something new
Sideshow is right: That guy is a psychopath and must be killed.
? ??????? ???? ? ???? ??????? ??? ??? ?? ??? ??????? !!!!
5:58 Ashe: BOB DO SOMETHING Bob: CANNONBALLLLLLLLLLLLLLL
Great video buddy??
I don know can I just get a shoutout. ^^
EFFECT IS PSYCHOPATH .
Dude, back in the day it was normal to eat cereal with water. Milk companies advertised milk in cereal to increase profits.
Can we all just think of How stressful Bob has it with all the yelling and him accidentally running of the map We have to pay respect that he needs to rest sometimes
Bob dO SoMEtHiNg
Bob can do everything a player does, is Bob hero 30?!
You know which Ultimate would be OPAF? "JEFF, DO SOMETHING"!
nO No no NO.. lucio oh ohs is a no no for water
Bob takes the point better than widow.
The funny thing is in the next clip Bob is doing something that I can't be asked to do
Dafran just left overwatch Can we get an F for him?
first
Today's video was like a new school subject called B.O.B.
Bob's a little bit special guys don't judge him
10:08 cant agree more
Bob just did the Moonwalk
You know what else is great about him? If you play as Lucio and speed boost him, he becomes Usain Bolt
5:59 BOB DO BUNGEE JUMPING!!!
Okey, editor officialy kidnaped. Im calling 911
Bob respects Alfred Hitchbot too much to jump on his car
First
I guess bob can do alot more than just "something"
This is why bob should’ve been a hero instead
Subscribe to pewdiepie danke
Good life for who read this comment
B O B D O S O M E T H I N G
Sah dud
Bob! Don’t do anything
I LOVE ALL OF YOU
What hero guide or other tip video would you like to see next? Let us know!
This video is fucking retarded
Roadhog hog is op now im buying his ice fisherman skin aka tuna skin lol
I'm a rain,.doom, zarya,junk main at the moment in 1800 so is that good
Reinhart and Zaria
Idd brig is op, played her for 24 games competitve and got 21 wins with her bronze to gold ez ??
wom wom wom wom wom
I use winston and ana.
"For the first time she's gonna take it from d.va" Uhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh season 1-3?
So...I should not have Gold Damage as Reinhart...darn
Shortened guide: Just run goats. Bronze could run it.
YES Phara I'm Good with phara and especially since I'm on console it's harder to hit her while in mid air
Much appreciated bruh
I disagree with the low pressure statement. Bronze/Gold is low-pressure to you, but not to the people ranked there.
4:40 record and put on loop. You're welcome. Now you have an ASMR video.
As a biased junkrat main, I’d say I use him in both comp and qp as a shield breaker since...he’s probably the only hero I can play decently...anyways, yeah I call him my shield breaker, so like the shield tanks have barely any time before their shields go down.
More bronze advice pls!
Fissure got his shatter back instantly damn
You forgot Reaper! He is Overpowerd! He can go easy in and go with shadow out. He do sooo hard damage against tanks and all others!
No spacial awareness here, no Doomfist for me.
wooom-wooom-wooom-wooom <3
Pro Tip #1 don't go for any kills with your ult, only use your Ult for creating space, and when you lose the game its because you didn't do it right.
10:10 That actually made me throw up
I don’t play overwatch too much but i win games and frag out with hammond,
@0:45 fappy potter
I still use mei all the time is she still powerful?
Where’s sombra? :)
Ana and zarya are meta? Well it's a good day to main genji!
The Ana to widow switch lol
I'm a mid-GM Torb player and it feels like everyone (including the pro players I get matched with) hate me playing Torbjorn.
first pick hero.second play hero.and last,stop play your main hero and play mccree and genji
Briggs shield is garbage now, I can't even protect my team for 5 seconds before getting killed...
Dva had a near 100% pick rate during the OWWC? Not best off tank?
There’s is a word cup lol
There was a Gale clip at 10:15 and you have it credited towards Ml7 please fix it and credit the correct person. Thanks
One tricking Torb (nearly, I still flex) has let me gain 200sr from all my season highs since Season 8 on my DPS account. I went from hovering around the 2400/2500sr mark to a placement at 2638 with an 83% winrate, and then started climbing. The rework has truly helped him.
trash list
can you make one of these for console players? Elo hell escaping is a bit different on them.
Is averaging 7.6k-9kish heals in two rounds of C2P as Ana any good? I hit 7.6k when a portion of my time is to defend against flankers with little to no support, and/or I die early in a fight because of poor positioning.
Chipshajen clip, did he stream lately?
Already loe 8 games in a row. I was almost diamond and now im gold. I love this game, the players are great
I've mained Moira and Doomfist since they came out respectively, Thanks for the tips
Ultimate suck
I’ve gotten to the point where I can’t play anyone but hanzo so uhhh torb I guess?
Hot hog
Thx for this video
WHERES MY BOI WINSTON, YOU FORGOT TO EVEN SAY HE ESXISTED IN OFF TANK!!!
I use overload as an engage tool on enemies with large hitboxes so I can kill them with shotgin
I'm now a torb main and I'm actually pretty good lele
whats the best way to get suspended? play the game. everyone will report you. aint it fun?! this game is dead but still manages to have millions playing it. blizzard has sunk so low they even put AI into comp games. what is wrong with you people?
what does cc mean, i haven’t played in ages
gonna start playing again lol
WOMWOMWOMWOM
So I should stop playing doom in high gold? Damn it, I just started to get the hang of him. Oh well, better start learning pharah and torb then.
I haven't played since season 7
This is the first vid I’ve watched off yours and I subbed straight after cos it was super useful
In my Plat exprerience this Season is very very very stong: 5.Widow Maker 4. Wrecking Ball 3.Winston 2.Moira 1.Torb
Do meta trends really matter in a lower tier bronze to silver fight ?
I came here because it said bro you wack viewers watch
I climbed from bronze to masters in 2 weeks with doom
The best tip in this vid ? I guess taht you should switch to widow when you slept someone and headshot him
ive watched all your videos on ranking up and getting out of bronze but nothing seems to work im not even that bad of a player i just feel that NONE of the videos help help me plz
Its gonna be a toxic meta ...
i knew for a fact that doom ana and brig are gonna make it in the video .. while im still insisting on playing zen this season lol
soldier ?
When only one teammate has had a mic in 5 placements
Ty for making this Video!!!!!!
that widow switch at 10:10 hahaha
Are people still so braindead they're convinced Brig is STILL OP?
But D.vas dps I higher than zaryas cause dva doesn’t have to build charge
However I must add I did enjoy the video. and the content from this channel as far as over watch channels go this stuff is often pretty good. but my thoughts still stand no matter the meta or the state of hero's due to the current patch. I believe being on voice chat matters more than the choice of hero.
Have you guys done a guide for competitive TDM? I would love to see one, thanks.
I am zarya/rein/pharah main ????
Soldier decent pick?
Im really good in doom but my team they think im trolling ??
holy shit i hate bastion
Omg....you actually had really good Torbjorn tips. I have over 70 hours on him myself. Played him a ton before the rework and not so much with the rework. Granted I don't like the rework but it was easy for me to make him work. Just....not one bad tip for Torb play.
Lucio is way better then brig as off healer
Only 75000 subs? Wow
USE THE SLEEP OFF COOLDOWN AHAHHAHAHAHAH
I was gonna say put Brig as a dps but then i remembered that in silver, my rank, we use her as a healer instead of dps
7:42 I get to 3400 with Doom and then back down becouse teams :(
10:12 smart plays
Recomending ana to player below masters :/
I am a Tracer/Mercy main with over 75+ hours on both and to be honest it is really hard to play both. Tracer bc of Brig and Sombra and Mercy bc of her kinda weak state right now. I am currently learning Sombra and Zen but I just don't want to let go off Tracer. I just love her so much. I am in Plat and it's really hard to do anything there. No one is in team chat and the most people are really toxic in Team Chat. I am overall a very positive person and I always try and do my best but to be honest all the Toxicity is getting really hard to avoid.
In my opinion, road hog is still a great tank, I’m an Xbox player so maybe it’s different on pc...
LoL i was in low silver and i played whit doomfist and winston all my placements and placed low gold... woh says gold ppl cant play doom?
What abt the new reaper in bronze to gold? Is he viable there?
Idk, I would give off support to Lucio... yes Brigitte is a beast, but his utility is insane
I can only assume you have either forgotten what it is like to be a low tier player, or never were. Reinhard is boring to play, Zaria is frustrating because the shield time is so short and Pharah is really hard to learn. I have about 150 hours in the game, and admit I'm a below average player, but recommending these to low tier players is just a bad joke. I'm not saying they are bad hero's or that I don't have respect for those who play/master them, but I only got 5 minutes into the video before I'd had enough. For those in low ranks, learn Orisa, Hog and/or D.VA and you'll do well and have fun.
10:09 this Clip was actually from Game Adelade lol
Thanks! Did my placements before watching this video, I’m ded
Solo heal brig is the new gold meta dont @ me
dude I'm so pissed at this season and its matchmaking in general. for reference, I've placed plat on 2 accounts(one flex only, one dps only) for 2 seasons in a row. I start placements on my flex account with friends ranging from 2.2k-2.9k sr. we were a 4 stack. we won 8 of our matches, and everyone in those games were between 2.5k and 3k sr. I played main tank and main support for all of them. didn't even touch dps. consistent POTG and gold/silver medals. signs of doing well right? WRONG! I placed at fuckin 2180, the lowest ive placed in 3 seasons as a tank. WTF!!
Do you think that some kind of ammo or stamina for briggites main flail would help balance her?
why isn't doomfist a good hero for plat to diamond?
This video is fine and all, but saying only use Torb's overload and Doomfist's Meteor Strike as escapes and rarely as engagements? Yeah, maybe use your own footage that don't contradict what you're saying. We saw how you could use both offensively. Don't try to act like these are only escape tools and barely anything to engage with. Because that's not true
Oh look, its only 3 heroes that I CAN play (Reinhardt, Torbjorn, & Brigitte) in this list. Also the only way Hammond is the main tank, is when the player that is playing him is good with him.
Ah... none of the heroes on this list do I play or enjoy playing - except for maybe learning Ana. No wonder I don't have fun in my matches anymore :(
Doomfist is definitely OP, but damn are his mechanics hard to get down.
This is my standard response to these vid's and I should simply copy and paste. The best hero's to play in any season for most tier's unless you're like top 500. The best hero's to play in any season is the hero you're used to the one you've played most time on. Zarya maybe awesome for instance but if you have no play time on her. yes as an example I have hours on her in quick play but I'd likely be considered a thrower if I took her into comp. I play orisa as a main tank, and yes she may not be considered according to this vid rein is better, but if i have no hours on him and several hours on Orisa then she's the best tank. ..... I'm rambling granted but yes take these vids with a pinch of salt, and play who you enjoy that's how you'll do good in anyone season.
Lucio as off healer as his main ability is to speed boost which can avoid choke holds and get the game rolling
Is genji good?
brig probs needs a rework or stuns should be reworked.
Nicee video I was late for notif squad tho
Can you help me I am a gold Player who is playing much phara and genji. I'm stuck in gold on 2100-2200 SR my hit rate is with phara 50-70% and with genji 30-45%. I think that I have an OK positioning I try to stay every time on high ground how can I Rank Up? By the way I am a german so sorry for my Bad english
U should’ve done bronze-silver, gold-plat, diamond and masters +
Made it 300 likes! Keep up with the hard work!
Just finished my placements this morning. I won 6 and lost 4 but still got placed in low bronze fml
I am trying to main Sombra rn (in gold). Do you think she is a solid pick?
Love this channel, ?? thanks.
All I want them to do with brig is remove her self healing. We don't need another lifesteal hero and I think people would have an easier time dealing with her one on one.
A brig guide OMEGAlul
I think either Lúcio or Moira instead of brig
my god, i swear, if i see genji and snipers in silver.. we about to lose some sr :(
Can someone Maybe tell me why Lucio is not on the list ? Would love to know because i main him
Play torb lul
she isn't brig she's BAGUETTE
hey c:
So im better off not playing this season bc non of my mains are in the list?
You’re the best! Thanks for all these video’s
10:12 was insaane :0
Why is it always the exact gameplay? I ike your vids but i think this is too much..
How tf does this channel have so little subs it definitely deserves more, it's so helpful
thanks for the video! I haven't played OW since the beginning of season 12, so I forgot which heroes were more effective and haven't kept up with what's meta. Now I know which heroes to play and will transition back in OW comp more smoothly.
Torbjörn is Op but Underrated nice vid. :)
anybody have thoughts on playing tracer right now? I'm low diamond if that makes a difference.
Thank you
How long do you think it will take for the flank guide to be done???
Is the Reaper any good because he looks pretty damn cool
Torb definitely not LOL he really really sucks
Should i get the game?
Nice guide
time for top 500 torb only
4:41 naming all the members of the Chinese teams
Wassup
Blizzard is the best out there! This channel is what inspired me to start my own channel about overwatch tips & tricks. Just started a week ago and have already gone very far! Thanks Blizzard!
Ey
Torb made it high this meta?????? I don’t play him but I guess I’ll try
Season 12 just started yesterday..... What is this? I’m so confused ?? Edit: Season 13
Early
Firstt
Hello guys! Check out a new episode of OW Moments! Submit your plays at rapidatv@gmail.com You can support our work on Patreon: https://www.patreon.com/rapida Your help is very important! Thank you, friends!
I was not expecting a genji Torbjörn dancing to set it off lmao
5:16 ??????? ??????????? :D
Gotta admit, I love all the scene changes, where it's the same map but it changes to another clip. That is so cool.
4:25 - I wonder what that Moira was thinking. I would have cursed her out if i was that Genji.
the editing is amazin ggs on that
I havent play since january 2018 and i see new champions
? -???????, ???? ???????? ? ????
0:58 scp-096 sound???
?? ?? ??????
?????????? ???? ?? 5:36 ??? ???? ?????))))???? ?? ??????????!
this kill edit killed me, this looked like a whole damn movie. WHAT TH FUCK
Typical moira
Que onda, alguien juega overwatch : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uhM7TLEUxlY
I always want to applaud at the end of your videos Rapida... Congratulations again :) PD: Someone else has caught that reference to "The Mask" at the 1:22? xDD
6:22 really cracked me up. He actually came to the window. COOL SHIT.
7:32 THE REAL KING KONG
????, ??? ?? ?? ????? ??????????! ???????. ???? ??? ?????? ???? ?????? ???? ?????????.
woah if look at the older videos and this one ugot much better iwth cutting nad effects! good job!
0:42 Nice
??????! ????? ??????)
WTF am I doing here at 6min ???
LOL atack on titan
DID I HEAR WOLF IN SHEEP'S CLOTHING ON THE GENJI PLAY ;0;
1:45 i love attack on titan >3
???????? ?????? ? ?????, ??? ???????
Rapida maybe doesn't make the funniest videos, but her editing is perhaps the most epic and most skilled among all wtf moments (including other games).
BLOOD FOR THE BLOOD GOD!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Can anyone tell me how is it called one song in Overwatch moments videos where some female sings something like: "I am the one" and "Hero"?
3:09 Winter is coming......
Much higher quality than Dabacabb. You earned a subscribe.
??? ?????? ?????? ????????
??? 1:50 ????? ???
0:41 69 Nice!
omg Set It Off in an ow video im shook
7:40 GLaDOS: you monster...
Reinhardt is still one of the coolest and badass charakter in the hole game <3 badass german grandpa is best pa <3
Song 1:35?
9:45 Kasparov wins by checkmate
https://youtu.be/yxPAjyomc-A
0:58 - scp 096 :DDDDDDD
I was the pharah at 5:25 :D thank you for featuring me :) I have more clips like that one on my channel please check me out :3
Be the man. Do the right thing :D
love the edits
? ???? ??????? ? ?? ????????? ??? ????? ????????? ??? Guren no Yumiya
6:57...... But why ?
i love that accent
???? ?? ??? ???? ??????? ????????????(
1:51 ??? ???????... ? ???????? ????????
Every time I see a Lucio get a three man boop I wonder if they have the floor is lava spray lol.
3:57. ??????? ?? ??????????? ?? ?????
ver estos videos te sacan bastantes risas
?????
Hey Rapida :) Your vids keep improving and I wondered how you made the subtle blur you get during the "epic plays" sequence? Looks like a slightly faster framerate and looks awesome :D
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UXJmYUH4SYo
????? ???????!!!
It’s High Noon Somewhere in the World...
7:40 - This is music from Portal!!!
Are you Jewish
At 3:25 I would have like the Nani part
I never comment, but that HAMMER DOWN transition was DOPE!!!!!
1 like=1 healing for genji
3:17 Lol
2:26 That tracer has to be a Microsoft employee
??
Does anyone wanna play Overwatch on the ps4 with me? It’s to record videos ;) PSN: Boxxman11
I still cant believe OverWatch is really still popular I really thought I was only one still enjoy playing it
???????? ?????? ???????, ???? ??? ??????? ??? ?
.
"Bitch! I'm fabulous!"??????
????? ?? ???? ? ????? ?? ???????, ?? ?? ???? ?? ?? ? ??????? ?? ????? ??????, ? ??? ???? ???????. P.S. ?????? ? ?????? ????? ??? ?????????
Very nice editing :D
?????? ??????
???? ???? ?? ???? ? ??? ??? , ? ??? ?????????
3:18 OMG lmfao!
If you play Phara and you don't vigorously shake the mouse while ulting, you're doing it wrong.
Genji mains, too stupid to grab a healthpack
6:39 ITS HIGH NERF
Hey Rapida, can you make video where be only Russian moments?
?? ??, ?? ?? ????, ??????? ??? ?? ????, ??... ?????, ??? ????????? ? ???????? ????????, ???????? ?? ???????? ? ?????????? ??? ???????. ???? ??? ?? ???? ???
Hamond using Cartman voice in his robot... Hah! This be funny!
Guys, what’s the song on 1:48?
??? ?? ?????? ? ????????? ??????? ??? ??? ????? ???????? ????????????? ??????? ?? 8:13
??????? ????????? ??? ????? ??????!?? ?????? ??????? ?? ??????? ?? ????! =-) ???????????! ???????? ??????!
4:00 Genji: i hate yooouu Moira
Nice one rapida. the killing montage video edit is superb. the view is like using Filmic pro + Gimbal mode. what software you guys using?
Never get tired of hearing the Reinhardt Express comin' through.
1:28 Reaper's imitating Yamcha XD
that transition brings this video to a whole new level, dude have you ever considered editing PMV?
There was a Moira in my team that didn't know how to heal. Used only purple not yellow. Moira is absolutely no skill hero and all of the noobs play it
1:53 Reiner-hardt the Armoured titan screwing up Eren again
Am I the only one that winks when I hear the ding in your intro?
8:38 Poor Hanzo didnt get a single kill...
Too much editing, too many stupid voice lines added. It's like you've been trying extra hard to make the video funny
The editing on that last segment with all the multi-kills was absolutely gorgeous, well done Rapida!
https://youtu.be/iPQs1iAgOTM
9:30 Legendary stuff ????????
096 scream at 0:55
OMG! What was that! Best Ever!
A ??? ?? ?????? ? ????? ???????
?? ??????? ?? ?????????))
And my play is not there again :'(
How is that effect which begins from 8:09 called?
Was that King Kong?
2:13 ????? ?????? ?????? ? C&C: TS ? FS. ???? ??????? ??????????? :3
The edit at 9:30 made me say noises in ways i'm not proud of
????? ????? ??? ??? ???????
9:05 ?????. ?????? ?? ????? ?????? ??.
Nice!
those old school c&c screams lolz
CHUJIAN ( ?° ?? ?°)
10:05 ??????! xD
??????? ?? ????? ???????)
Genji can deflect Torb's Ult?!? Uh oh...
4:14 ???, ? ???? ???????? ????? ? ???????? ???????????
???? ????? ??????? ?? ????? ???????, ?????? ????????!!
0:33 Life
Comment for stat
????? ?????? ????????? ???????? ?? ????? ?????, ? ? ?????? ???? ????? ????? ????????????
Omg the edit at 9:35
Flying reins are just the best
Transitions are being creative and new. Congrats.
??? ???????, ???????? - ??? ?????? ? ???, ??? ??????? ???? ?????????) ? ????? ? ??????)
?? ???????? ????? ????????)))) ??? ???? 3 ??????
?????? ?????? ??????????? ??????? ??????? ?? ????????? ?? ????????? ?????. ??? ??????? ??? ????? ? ??? ?????? ? ???????, ??? ? ???-?? ?? ???????...
Can we have more "AND HIS NAME IS JOHN CENA" please?
Seriously what program are you using to enhance and transition at the end of the video?! It's literally amazing!
9:30 That was a fantastic transition.
Amazing so funny
Really? A fucking Genji headed, torb jörn dancing Ana's dance???
6:13 classic
You go phara??
Beautiful transitions again ??
at 1:47 what theme song is that? and at 9:00 ?
i need healing
#heal4genji
Hey there is a Lucio by a cliff, we should all go try to kill him by standing at the edge of the cliff.
Best ow video Rapida! Thanks really
TOP
9:30 ?????? ????????? ??????? ??? ??????. ??? ??????
4:12 Every Healer in Mystery Heroes.
??????? ?? ????? ? ??????? ??????? ?? ????????? ?????!!!
As always a great video! Ty rapida.
??????????
Music on 1:36 Blind Witness - All Alone
Genji reflect torb ultimate and kill all enemies ??
best ow video
Wait, did he say “Hasta la vista, baby” lol xD
??????? ?????? ?????? ???????????! ??????? ?????!
??????????? :D
2:12 i can't believe you used Tiberian Sun death sounds. That made me laugh hard!
6:54 ???? ? ????? ??????)))
Love your videos keep up the good work
??????? ???????? ?????!
2:41 ????? ??? ?????
Epic final music. BLOOD FOR THE BLOOD GOD!!
As always, splendid work.
Lot of epic plays in this video. Loved it.
???? ?? ???????, ???? ? ????? ???????? ?????????? ??? 3:18
1:45 Basicly 4th episode of Attack on Titan
???? ?? ????? ????
9:02 ?????? ??????? ??? ? ?????.. ???????? ?? ???????????
Rising uppercut that like button!
9:30 A-mei-zing
?????? ? ?????? ????? ??? ??????? ? ???????. ??? ???????!
?????? ?????? ? ???? ???????? ??????? ?? ???? ? ????? ? ?????????
??????? ?? ??????? ??????? ?? ??? ?????????) ??? ?????? ??????!
?????? ??????? ?? ????? ??????? … ??????)
estos si son montajes :v
Khorne approves. Blood for the Blood God! Skulls for the Skull Throne! Milk for the Khorne Flakes!
First comment :)
When are you going to do a side project again? Like wood tier or theirs vs ours?
Russian.... like and comment
?????? ??? ???????????? ? ????? ? ???????.
4:16 ??? ??????? ????????? ?? ?????, ??? ??????? ? ?????? ? ??????. ?????? ????? ? ???? ???? ? ???? ??????. ?????? ???? ????????????.
Don't know why...but for some reason angry Cartman totally fits with Wrecking-ball :P
? ?????? ????? ??? ????? ? ?????!! ??????? Rapida!!
I just love that new editing on last videos on the pro clips at the end
?? ?????? ???? ????? ???????
Like 710 ????
??? ? ???? ??????? ?????? ???????? ????????. " ?????? ? ??? ?????????, - ?? ?? ??????? ????? XD
awesome have been waiting for this :)
8:42 This is ME!! I LOVE Rapida!
That no healing Genji clip is on purpose. Fuck them
?????? ????????? ?????? ??? ????? ? ?????!
?????? ???????????? ????????))) ?? ????? ? ?????? ??????))) ????? ???????))
??????? ???? ?? ??????... ???? ????
I don't like the color correction and other effects in the last part =(
??????? ? ???? ?????????, ?????? ????? ? ??? ?????? ?????? ?????????? ??? ???? ? ???????????????? ???? ??? ? ?????? ??????. ????? ?????? ???-?? ?????? ? ???????????????? ?????? ??? ?????? ?????????? :)
???????? ????????????? ?????????? ?????????? ?????? ????????????? ??????)))) ????????? ? ??? ? ????? ?????????
1:47 hahaha
6:47 Hostia el risitas.
One of The best overwatch video ever. Hi from spain
MAMAN JE PASSE A LA TELE! 9:16
What is track on 1:36?
This montage at the end was awsome
What did you use to edit the last part of the video with all the kills. What software
Guren no Yumiya?! ????, ?? ?? ????!
???????????? ??????) ????? ?????????? ??????? ?? ???? ? ????? ? ?????????)
7:00 BLOOD FOR THE BLOOD GOD! SKULLS FOR THE SKULLTHRONE!
Lol that junk
6:13 lol reaper
That transition between Hollywood clips.. CLAP CLAP CLAP
1:09 what kind of hellspawn is this??
holy shit that transition at 9:30 nice work!
??? ?? ??????? ? ?????? =)
2:12 wrong move. Should've left them there unable to play/spawn, and get an easier win lol.
I sent a vid
rly? genji can reflect lava?
78 like????
Wait when Genji die he drop lava?
Hi
that genji reflect xD 0:56
Jaeger !!
cmon, use rules of nature and mgrr or use attak on titan and their opening
not first but ealy
2:06 What is this MONSTER.
Love your videos Rapid ??
Forst?
Yus
First?
FIRST
Hey everyone, I started an Artifact channel! If you want to support me, check it out and subscribe! https://bit.ly/2Cxb2Jt
davacabb Yo ise 3 muertes con mercy con alluda de Ana y Saria???? y me podés saludar??por favor
WE'LL BE RIGHT BACK 3:14
5:27 song?
I wanna make things like this but I don't know what to use ??
05:04 typical moiras
7:32 Music "resolution warptech ft. cory friesenhan"
You better get out of the way!
Song on 3:36 Cut & Shut - Jungle hook
8:15 anyone notice how moira was waiting for health when she couldvr used for heal orb but used a damage orb to protect her wtff
music at 3:50 ?
Never trust a Mei, even if she is on your team.
GG
That tasty planet music brings back so many memory's
0:56 nice aimbot :D
"Nerf this" "No nerf this" Jeff heavily sweating Nerfs Mercy
Congrats on 600!, What song is that at 2:50 ?
Minecraft is better
Why am I watching this when I don’t even play over watch
WOW I just got an EPIC potg!!! Come check it out on my channel ???
'insane Skill or Dumb luck' 3:33 Common fucking sense, I see an enemy, I attack said enemy 3:47 Animation was already cast, neither luck nor skill, the stun simply hit to late, same with your melee cancel, at a certain point you can't stop 3:59 Not really lucky again, just doomfists Horrible decision making, he saw the Mei spam and still went for a Pick. 4:12 now i don't know the Skill level of this player, but anyone with some experience on mei or at least knowledge on the Duration of meis abilities could have predicted it 4:20 Obvious Path choosing, nice Prediction tho Overall, non of this was 'luck' based or insanely skilled. most of it was simply Possible by using your fucking brain
I need this song on 2:50!
yeeee, My highlight is shown in Dabacabb, I promise send more and more :D
sound effect at 8:26 please
Does evreyone want 2 be on the dabafan fan of the day bit people do this 2 be featured and then it will be me lol
0:20 Top 10 anime betrayals.
HAPPY 600TH!
???? ???? ??? ????
no offense bu these videos are repetitive, first with the mercy killing someone, and she being killed, with that Stupid flute music, and then are you ready for a miracle, then with the awesome plays, i would subscribe if you did things different.
600 Episodes of Dabacabb. I hope this never ends.
Me as widowmaker: I don't miss ( missed a shot ) I missed ( Gets eliminated by another widowmaker )
This dude really does make the best quality compilations! Congrats on 600, man!
plz watch moment me https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8R-azJvw44A
Spongebob: Hey wanna know what’s even funnier than 600? Patrick:Lemme hear it. Spongbob: 601 ;p
i LOVE THE ELECTRIC SAX RAMP UP SONG
6:00 what actually happened here?!?!?!
Dabacab Nice video great work are you best youtuber with content top Moments
Dabacabb is a fan of equal rights. He takes videos from console and low grade pcs alike.
The good old silver border for this series now
The moment you realize you have been in a video over 10 times.
3:34 music ?
OMG MY HIGHLIGHT! :D THANK YOU DABACABB!!! Holy heck, alone in a room with Doomfist...how the hell did I survive that.
When you have never been dabafan of the day and you'e been around since episode 20 :(
Your vids are so funny, it was hard for to not laugh at any of them!!!! Love your channel!!!!
everytime i watch a console clip it just reminds me how garbage 90% are
wow 600 episodes, nice <3
There’s a special place in Hell for DPS Moira’s
I have recently started youtube and would really appreciate if you guys could check me out and drop a sub. Also, advice and criticism is very welcome, I'm still trying to figure out everything.
Isn't this one the episode 600th? Anyways can't wait for the 700th
When did we get to 600?!?
OMG i'm in a Dabbacab video this is amazing XD
Now, Its just wait for The episode 666
OMG 600 EPISODES ALREADY? I THOUGHT 500 WAS JUST YESTERDAY LOLOLOLOLLOLOLOLOLOL
Música do Venoninho 6:25
Mercy: Sometimes Im not sure why I even bother... Me: sometimes I'm not sure why I even bother to try to get Dabafan
6:24 DPS Mercy: ACTIVATE
I tried :(
600th :)
Mom says get my life together. I say I wanna be Dabafan.
Anyone notice mei is in every Broverwatch meaning she’s a true devil
Song at 3:00?
the word 'Dabacabb' has 3 b's in it which stand for beautiful, but banterous. Love you Dabacabb
Song? 3:33
happy 600 episodes!!!
0:18 ¡Heeeeyy MEeeeiiii is Eeeeeviiiil!
They should make an oddly satisfying video about Dabacabb uploading the best videos Ahhhh
OMG the 2 clip ????????
I got Rapid Discord today
How do I submit clips?
When you had a bad day and feel yourself down, watch some Dabacabb and it'll turn it around.
Give mercy equal potg rights
O LOVE THIS MUSIC 1:49
Its time to stop !!!!!! 0:22 ;-;
My main fear playing Overwatch is that I'll end up in one of these videos... :-P
Battle Mercy POTGs aren't worth shit if team mates die because of it, or won't get rezzed.
Dammmmmn I've been watching for 560 episodes! The series has been around for so long
OMG 600 VIDEOS! I want to be dabafan 601! make it happen dabasenpai
I need some gold
Be nice if you quit the annoying screaming sound effect. It very noxious
What’s gonna be 1000?
5:04 D.va gets fucked by two Moira’s at once
almost at the 450k everybody who is seeing this share it and Subscribe.
Silly baby d.va, moira is a damage character, not a healer
Already 600 episodes? Wasn't it just 300?
In order to become dabafan, you have to LIKE, COMMENT, AND SUBSCRIBE!
I am waitnig for the 666 episode...
you won’t give me dabafan, so enjoy your fruity pebbles, you dabba cabba man
At 9:02 I cannot believe I made it in
Congcratulations https://youtu.be/m428lf0qKz8
Doomfist, more like Doomedfist because of mei
I dont like Dabacabb I love them
I love no matter how many videos I send in they never pick mine.. okay
HAPPY 600th VIDEO I've been waiting to do this xD
600 episodes of the guy who are best with Wrecking ball/Hammond! Wowwwwww
D.va one! bad Dabacabb (that you are now) zero
1:30 I have over 200 hours with Mei and I just realized there is a reflexion of the oviroment on her pajamei weapon
Hey Dabacabb, gratulations to 600 Episodes !!!!! But pls bring back the " To be continued" !!!!!! That was the best !!!!!!!!
Congrats on 600 episode!
Doctor ithink im a torb main! What makes you think that? RAINBOWS!!! Asdf movies and dabafan easy clap
Papa jeff said its my turn to be dabafan
Petition to make dabacabb videos at least 15 minutes long. Like to sign
Since becoming a dabafan my gameplay has gotten worse, now I have to stop to capture every epic highlight I get
600 episodes!
1:59 that rein‘s like „nah, who needs a shield, id rather do something completely useless“
Happy 600th Birthday, "Overwatch Funny & Epic Moments"!! Wait ... That's not how they work?
0:30 Uh, D.va, I think you need to learn to count better. That's clearly D.va: 4, Bad D.va: 2. :P
1RULE: First Like the video than watch the video
im surprised that dabacabb still doesn't have 1m subs?
6:40 – that music??
my name is JEFF kaplan and im nerfing mercy again
Thank for pick me lol i'm so fuuny myself lol I'm name Dreamcatcher in minute 03.06
The sadness of D.va haha
600!!!1!!11!!!!1!
:v
Congrats on 600 man... how many more do i have to watch?
Are you ready for miracle?
I submited my highlight 2 weeks ago and it didnt appear yet wtf
U suck so much dick u copy from other yt and have stupid memes go kys f idiot suck more dick pls
Heheheheheheh
Video 666 (mei only)
This is the first time i'll try to get Dabafan and i will get it because Dabacabb loves me Kappa
6:01 glitch this is not possible
Song at 3:40 ?
Wow new video but good video 600 episode ANIVERSARY
Every day i see your vídeos with my Friends, we love that!
How long does it take to include a submitted clip? Do you use every decent clip submitted?
Congrats on 600 videos I can’t even make one :) always loved your content!
Vai brazil
My Bdays 22nd I’m hoping I get Dabafan
Since am here in episode 600 you give me dabafan
Hey dabacab congratulations on reaching episode 600
Bons vídeos como sempre
1:57 what is song name?
2:01 song?
I'm so sick, I felt better after watching this, bless you dabacabb
What's the music you use at 1:57
Mä oon rase ja mä oon suomalainen
What's the music you use at6:25
Vjaiaciaggs
Yuka waka tekio kuro!!!!
Just pick me! Im the #1 dabafan so everyone don't try me!
You trusted Mei and you failed miserably
I think episode 666 should be about Satan... aka MEI
U hv Over ?
Is a good idea to a new hero to overwatch
600 episodes of people trying to get dabafan
imagine we get to episode 666 MUAHAHAHAHHA
2:18 Man that rein SUCKS at his job!
Hi
Bad D.Va I never laughed so hard
I made it to the 600th vidddddd!!!! So happy ??
GRANDE OXMANK WN!!
Moira is satan not mei
Anyone else tire of the are you ready for a miracle song?
Dabacabb episode 666, only Mei
Congrats on 600 vids! Keep laying down the insane content ??
Does anyone want to order a dabacupcake?
600th Episode = 600 Favourite videos
Mom. I’m early
600th episode is the day of Jeff Kaplan's birthday
I am triggered
Lately I haven't been able to fall asleep till 7am. Dabacabb new video is usually the last video I watch before finally falling to sleep
Update: Satan himself- Moira
Gimme me da booty DVA..
what its the music you use in 3:30
600 videos posted, 7 videos submitted, 0 used, and 0 times I have seen my name in a video. I am a freak'n ninja and didn't know it!
Omg 600th ep!
Happyy 600 anyversary episodes
These videos make my days always better!
PLEASE I AM A GODDAMN DABAFAN
Congrats for 600 videos bro ??
Mei: "long live the king"
What else could make my monday better than a 600th dabacabb episode?
Congratulations!
can we get a special mei satan episode for episode 666?
6:01 Man that's disgusting lmao
i am the 39 comment, not bad
600
Love this vid :) noti squad!
#601
Wait no
The second clip confirms once again, Mei is the devil.
Me: gotta practice for this hard test at school Also me: Oh cool Dabacabb uploaded a vid. Everything else can wait
Wait... I dint share that moira clip of mine with anyone else... that means.. DAMN YOU BROTHER!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Beep, boop, beep, boop.
we've reached the milestone of 600! Our next goal is TBA
when you follow dabacabb before 30 funny videos and you never get a dabafan :,(
MOM ITS THE 600TH DABACABB'S VIDEO!
Episode 600. Congratulations!
do twins ever realise one of them was unplanned?
CONGRATS ON 600 VIDEOS
episode 600.... i watched all 600 my friends dislike me my parents find it stupid but i love it
Why I love the ending of dabacabb’s video ?Cuz I can watch another one!
I was Yabadaba early for dabacabb...
600? Guys! #WENEEDA666
I Want the 500 dollars in overwatch pls <3
Early ? yea early YEET !!!
i think only few people know that beta bastion ultimate is a drone and shoot 360.
This is my best yt channel! ?? >,<
Dabadad can i have dabafan?
One
Winston Hammond needs to be in Far Cry 5 as Animals!
Cooool
Early, Have doctors appointment. Ehh.
happy 600episodes Dabacabb!!!!
Wow 1 like
Welp there goes my chance at being first
Do you think this hero idea is good? Name: unknown Primary fire: crossbow on head shot sets enemy on fire (does not do extra damage and insta kill like hanzo and widow when they head shot) Ability 1: shoots an arrow which explodes on impact leaving a pool of fire on the floor Ability 2: shoots an arrow which leaves fire behind it as it travels Ultimate : shoots alot of fire arrows in the sky over a large area, dealing damage and setting that area on fire.
First
2
#600!
“He got perm banned hehehe”
That outtro tho
ur hair looks rank
this is just saw on low graphics ( pg ) he takes bad people and gives them a chance for life aka saw.
Me seeing hacker in my server Banned from server or Punish Y/N Y/N Punish Auto generating Obsidian prison (if break it come back again)
jonathan wasn't even hacking
very entertaining
That’s not the same Jonathan you killed both Jonathan’s (the one hacking and the legit one) good job jack
Why is Jack humping a hoe
Perm ban a random player
That Jonathan was noe star.
I love your dressing gown. #NewZealand
“Aw he’s just set himself on lava...” Yep, wonderful.
Do you even know what perma ban means? Its when you ban someone for a lifetime (permanent) not few days
Why is this in my recommended? I dont even watch minecraft videos.
how did i end up on a fucking minecraft video sksksksk
ok now this is epic
i think some hackers just hack because they want to get trolled
this channel is absolute cancer, why the fuck is this getting recommended to me, fuck off yt algorythms
Everyone stop hating if you are going to hate stop watching you are literally giving him money because you clicked the video
seeing this makes me kinda want to hack, but i still wont. i promise
1:52 Can't you just tape down M1?
"he landed on the pink pokeball" me being triggered: "excuse me sir but that is a masterball"
I trusted Jonathan too, but I got a little suspicious when about one interaction sooner. Funny stuff
people still play this
there was a 1:30 ad and no skip button
What is this even doing in my recommendations, I have never even seen or watched content like this. Did youtube get dropped on its head or something?
Why is he humping a hoe in his outro one like = 1 hoe saved
lmao little kids getting triggered over this guy being shit talked
ur an opp. no cap
bro this is cringe why is it recommended to me
perma ban for not playing a shit game cool, not to mention epilepsy -_- man child alert
So you’re saying if I hack on your server, you’ll send me to the dropper map. Cool, I am horrible at servers so I probably wouldn’t be able to figure out how to get to the dropper ??
armor doesnt affect drop damage by the way lol
why do you even care if someone farms mobs
Ooh his perm ban is scary, who even hacks on Minecraft are you seirous
Fuck this
1.2M views man.. Jack, you're doing it son!
Yo Jack some guy named Amascut at 5:52 is apparently "Back" and being a racist D-bag to jews and black people you should probably perm-ban him
Shouldn’t you of perm banned prisoner, he didn’t play along did he?
Not hackers, cheaters. Entirely different concept. Also, jesus christ breathe for a change.
...the outro...
Its just minecraft you fucking loser. Let those guys do whatever. Is this some sort of superiority complex. Fucking jackass loser.
Wow, you're a bit of a dick
pathetic
It’s Ringo!
Did that just say "You got Diddled"? XD
I really don't understand why this is appearing in my recommend video thing.
I watched gay porn and this came up in my recommendations, everything seems to be working fine here.
skinny nerd cunt
Not a subscriber, not a fan and definitely don't know who you are. This was recommended to me... for some unknown reason. But you get a like for your sense of humour and your accent.
dosent seem legal
Should’ve set their spawn points at the dropper, and let them go on for a bit. That would’ve been more fun
Its my first time watching one of your videos
Why do sound like a Severus snape and squidward had a love child?
I don't have hacks. I have a Texture Pack that has only ores enabled to see. Is that hacks?
How the fuck did I end up on some gay ass minecraft video
what the fuck did i just watch...
Who the fuck uploads minecraft anymore
how do i install powertool?
When will your server be on nintendo switch
new generation dantdm?
From unspeakablegaming worlds longest rainbow dropper vid
Stolen thumbnail
I mean, they could just leave...
"Since he played along, he will get banned for only 28 days" Instantly in chat he gets banned for 30
Unban Jonathan! He was using creeper eggs as self defense! And it’s also jacks fault for not clearing his inventory! Played Like so jack can see!
what the fuck is this fetus of a human doing on my recommendations
okay so this doesn’t make any since, but i thought he was hacking computers that belonged to computer hackers, and somehow got them stuck in a shitty 3rd party version of a minecraft dropper map
Check chat at 5:53 lol
Why is this in my recommended
You’re such a prick.
best outro I’ve ever seen
You're so pathetic
What is this cancer?
13:57 we all know what happened last time he did this... nO LøNg t3rM DaMAgE!
first video ive seen of yours. it was recommended on the side. holy shit i love your voice
You look up dropper mods for Fallout 4 one time and you get Minecraft shoveled into your dash for 3 months... Of course, now I want to play this dropper map...
ok please get out of my recommended now
5:08 WHERE DID YOU FIND THAT COFFEE MUG!? I want one!
Johnathan: the betrayer
I love what you do to hackers! Its so funny to see them read the signs and watch them fall.
Wow so many butt hurt hackers disliking the video. If you cant play fair, dont play.
how do you get colors onto sign text ? is it a server plugin
I almost puked due to the ugly old headphones
i thought u died from ligma?
So much dislikes?
You should do this but give the hacker levitation halfway through them falling
If prisoner ran away, why did he get 30d?
You harassed a few 10 year olds and then bribed them with 2 days off a 30 day ban in order to make a couple thousand dollars? Wow, Minecraft really is entertaining.
DID YOU JUST CALL THE MASTER BALL A PINK POKEBALL
QUICK EVERYBODY TELL ME THE AD YOU GOT IN THE VIDEO!!!!
I love your vids
I lobe tour vids
Tbh, if I were handling these bans, I'd just not give them a free pass out if they've done the dropper. Hacking is a conscious act of ruining the game for others, the least they can do is provide some amusement to entertain the community they tried to destroy.
TOP OF THE MORNIN TO YOU LADDIES, MY NAME IS JACKSUCKSATLIFE
Pure cancer is what you are
Piss off with this recommended minecraft bullshit
you got diddled
Jack its a Master ball not a pink pokeball
For every minute you spend watching this video. One girl in your contacts will automatically be deleted.
force hackers to build a 6x6 piston door
Your a dick jacksucksatlife
'30 day perm ban'
i honestly hope you will die minefag
love the outro btw
Hacker PVP tournament, the survivor gets a ban reduction.
WC_Wolf is a known hacker 8:55
It’s 1:01 AM NOW... I’ve been binging your videos
Also this is a good idea more sever admins should do it
oh God ive found a portal back in time to 2012 NO STAY BACK YOU FIEND
Who tf is this guy banning people, he needs to be banned in my opinion
I wanna play your server buttttttttttt I dont know how to join
nyan cat
the first one has some crazy reaction time lol hahah
That outro ??
What texture pack does jack use?
poppin zits and jerking off the dog.... minecraft players
RIP DropThatCombo, got 30 days, not 28. Jack’s a liar.
5:09 Lemme have a quick sip pulls out a Sonic mug;)
The last ban, Johnathan wasn’t even hacking... Ya cunt.
None of them deserved this punishment what the hell bloody broke my hand thanks to you! Disliked and reported
should have broke the bedrock below him lol
7:36 pause and read all chat
I like how when you die it says "You got diddled"
you look like xQc
do a one where they play 30 mini games if they beat all 30 games no ban if they hack permban if they loose they get however many games they beat tooken off there ban
5:52 omfg lmao
why did he ban prisoner?
I didn;t watched that shit, but they are cheaters, not hackers...
forcing girls to have sex with you
I am SICK and TIRED of minecraft hackers >:(
0:05 Oh boy, I wonder why nobody has done this before
Im pretty sure alot of people are now hacking to get into your video's
I hate Minecraft,but I like your content
Jack how do u log inn and play on the server plz tell me
No ban hack
Fiverr Jesus should praise them praise be!
Fake af
'First time a hacker didn't get banned in 116 episodes' Episode 115. HMMMMMM
thats actually massive
Just spent about 2 hours cheating on this guys server, mods had no clue. Full killaura, fightbot etc
Good script
Jonathan is an animal
You hit three Hackers with 1 bolder
It’s 2018 who still uploads Minecraft
If ur an hacker on minecraft it means ur life got to be low
Jack You Banned Prisoner He Was Innocent He Wasn't Hacking!
Theres a reason you get so many dislikes.
this vid sux Did you see why I crossed it because it doesn’t suck
5:15 He set him self on lava?
D i d d l e d
Your wearing a NZ shirt I’m from NZ and I’m so proud lel
doesn't everyone suck at life
Power trip
i get it he is humping a hoe
“Pink pokeball” that’s a goddamm master ball
I died when he broke the map ??????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????
I suck at life to.
11:33 that shirt said New Zealand
This is why I don't play online. Got a bunch of little kids hacking and it's annoying af
4:15 I love how you can actually tell how confused he gets LMAO
0:10 biTcH haaHahA
That actually is impossible to pass, someone has to be VERY lucky or have hacks to do it
Wait wait he said he was banished... wha?
1 MILLION VIEWS AY
1 million views!
L I T T L E P I N K P O K E B A L L
1,000,000th view!
Here before 1 mill views
Lol 999k views
Millionth view
10/10 jack..10/10
999,991 views
YO YO YO
1:50 Killaura* He just sets it to attack mobs
forcing u to stop being cool
WHERES YOUR FORE HEAD! AHHHHHH
Why so many dislikes
comments 25% WHY IS THIS IN MY RECOMMENDED fuck off why did you click the video to comment you could just ignore it
Why does this remind me of saw
Whos here from jack's "Dont DO IT" video?
I’m gonna subscribe cause I like your name
lil scumbag
what were you doing with that HOE ? 14:36
Do staff picks how long a hacker gets banned
Why does he like a choking rat
10k likes 5k dislikes
Your funny as hell
gets banned welp time for roblox banned screen shows FORTNITE
Ur such a cunt
This is hilarious
Who plays Minecraft
Jack if they log out after getting caught I would perm band them ??
Should've add lives, like you get 3 attempts or something.. xD
All the dislike are all the people who got banned for the year
Why does this have so many dislikes?
Johnathan I trusted you!
You hated my to this game. Fuck off.
And what’s the port
Is this server on Minecraft pe/ Mobile?
Jack I’ve hacked, but I could Help you catch hackers by knowing how they are seeing things, and how the GUI looks
5k dislikes
is it a perm banned from Minecraft or from that server
Doni bones has
The pink pokeball?? ITS A MASTERBALL!!
Why didn’t he. Get a perm ban for logging out?
I x-rayed a dropper once. Facepalm.
#robloxisbetterthanminecraft
Jack you should’ve done every single time the Hakka dies he has one day to his ban. Like if you agree.
Umm your perm banning people who should have a 30-60 day ban
5000th dislike :P
PICK POKEBALL is a master ball
You should be banned bitch you ass hole. All you do is ban people
Where are u from
nice
I didnt know there were hack police...
Can't they just make a new access and hack on that acc?
Actual adults playing fucking Minecraft....... I've seen it all
wheres jeff goldblum
what texture pack do you use?
I feel bad for Jonathan, I believe he only started using hacks because he was fighting two hackers so he gave them a taste of their own medicine, but in the end he got the worst punishment #PrayForJonathan
Want to know why there are so many dislikes? That outro...
Says 28 days, bans for 30.
Map download?
Is it even possible to land in the water. You should check that lol
This is inhumane trash.
This is a horrible knock off of rga gameings the hacker games you even said the rules in the same voice
read chat at 5:53 lol
Ran into this video by accident but im really glad I did, nice vid!
This video got recommended to me on some super unrelated video, and it's the first I'm seen from you and it was really fun! I enjoyed it a lot.
why the dislikes?
He's wearing nz top
lol
*me sitting her watching hoping none of the hackers fall in the water*
Calm ur tutors it minecraft hackers
OMFG xD I love tha caht at 5:52
u NZ? You seem to have an NZ shirt
New Zealand jumper! Kiwis, where you at?
Anybody else see the blue swirl emoji in the thumbnail?
14:04 Jack: oh I think I found Jonathan Me: dies of laughter Jack: dies of laughter
Ahhhhhh justice.
Doni has done this to shotgunraids
You should reduce it by more. 28 days is a long time, people get the idea after a few days/a week
Wait U got an NZ T-shirt Yay Also I subbed
YOU ARE CRUEL
LMAO 5:53 CHECK THE CHAT
dislike bot?
only do on you first time jack that is what was on it
10:58 wtf. maybe he is just good. he hacked he heacked becouse he beat you lol. thats how god react
feeling like god? lets play game! permban hackers if you not want them come back. you get them change to come back hacking. perm ban !!! and 1 rule dont make video about it. more hackers come to get in your videos
14:38 is nice
Why tf don’t your headphones fit
0:00 thanks me!
Virgin
if you had xray you could just see the water so i would say perm ban
You would doom any one in a court room
Nofall? Slowfall? Flight? This tickles my pickle. Buuuuut, what if it is sneaky?
Hey jack, Use worldedit to select a region and do /rg create (any name) then do /rg flag (the name you used to create) t and then use the one wich blocks commands :)
Everyone even the “perma ban” got a 30 day ban in chat...
wearing a new zealand shirt I live their
Is he new zealander
Cube never does things like this i wouldnt have been salty about my ban he he did this or something similar
Holy shit I was staff on his old server EvoPVP. I have this guy on Skype (I know discord is the new thing, this was before discord). Crazy how far you've come, Jack.
Hacking xd I guess you don’t know what hacking means
When u do it ur self
Ur a dick head for doing that to people
Arnt u a hacker
U seem like the kid who would tell the teacher everything, & then everyone hated u... now ur doin dis
7:13 thats an ultraball
lol you're wearing a New Zealand jersey.. crack up
show the 1st person view when they jump next time dud3e
So far you are my fav youtuber
I’m loving that New Zealand jersey
I think people are hacking because of your games.
By far, my favorite Minecraft youtuber! Also, a guy named ‘wolfie’ I think, you tp-ed him, and he was on a floating block.
What a dick you are
You sound like dantdm
Ok YouTube I'll fucking watch it
Thanks for clarifying. Thanks
omg i luv minecraft #mcgang
I'm subscribing! :D
oh he landed on the little pink pokeball lmfao
Why do people never dislike comments??
Hey Jack! I got an idea! what about creating an arena for the hackers 1v1? No KA or knockback Only with no hacks? if you heart this you accepted this.
someone please explain what they are getting banned from?
So basically you can fly around and shit and probably hack as well but nobody else is allowed
I don't know why I thought was not good
You should let them at least know where to aim for
during this amazazaing vid i was feeding my car leftover pizza
There not hackers there moders you retard ands it's just minecraft it's stupid
What's that song at the end of your video I MUST KNOW!
Why was this suggested
Wtf is this. Can someone explain? Isn't mine craft just sitting in a fuckin house hiding from zombies?
He has nothing else better to do with his life but ban people in a game that barley anybody cares about plus most people who play it are little kids so congrats you idiot
tbh you ban you only players that give you content so hackers are actually you friend they make you money
Im gonna go on your server just to purposely hack to see what happens one day.
Sorry bursted out laughing at the cow humping the hoe xD
What is the outro song?? cant find it anywhere :c
If I was banned for more than like 5 days I would never come back ??
This youtuber is so f gay
My nigga prisoner did no harm #FreeMyNiggaPrisoner
imagine needing to hack in minecraft
SNITCH
who tf is this nerd? the developer or just some wack ass Minecraft police? someone should ban you for being a bitch
you're a fucking loser kid
fuuck this guy
Hmmm I don’t get it
this isnt hacking, its called flicks. DUMBASS
random guy:what do you for a living? Jack:i play minecraft for bloody squeakers
... I have sunk to new levels...watching minecraft videos. What the fuck is wrong with me fml
Nice new Zealand t_ shirt
No JackSucksAtLife Did This first
ur fukin retrd
Nice zits. Have your balls dropped yet?
this kid is kind of annoying to be dealing with hackers.
This guys a jerk I don’t even hack but this is messed up to do on “MINECRAFT”
Does this make you feel like a real man?
Omg ur dantdm
Jack just to say that I was watching your videos and on around 10 to 12 of the videos have a notice on them saying it's inappropriate and offensive to some viewers.
I'm not interested in mine craft but watching you ban people was interesting
Why is this trashcan in my recommended ?
how can this video get 4K dislikes ????? OMG everyone kepp liking His Videos !!!!!!!!!!! i did :D
It is actually my first time and hell yeah I'll sub to a channel that trolls hackers
A D M I N H E D O I N I T S I D E W A Y S
nice abuse of power for views
Your nose doesnt seem to work m8. You got a very nasally voice, dislike.
Jesus you need too practice speach my friend. Articulate. All I heard here was EHEHEHEAMKNMASKLNGMLKANLEKNLEJANVBEAÖKFJEAÖKFNEAÖKFNEAÖKFNEAÖFNA
I just paused the video.. and god that was a relief.
doni bodes did the dropper for hackers months ago
JOHNATHON HOW COULD YOU??? ??
Power trip
Isn’t he hacking though
Why am I watching some cringe white guy play Minecraft y tf is it on my recommended ???????
:/ what??????
using x-ray yeah that's op, but that auto hit? i mean it's painful to stand and constantly hit mobs, I would consider this as making it less painful to seat through, why ban for that?
Minecraft still exists?!?!?!
ayy whats with the new zealand hoodie
he sound like DanTDM...
"Minecraft Hacker" I just cringed so hard
Wow he looks just like I imagine Minecraft Youtubers. Incredible.
You got diddled :3
now this is a fun way of handling hackers XD
7:21 Suffer yes Sufffer Muahahahah
they probably just bought the game then get banned lol
Af ter the player get ban he gets a gun and kills himself
freaking jonathan man lol
This is how kid depression Happens
Who else now wants to go on his server and just start hacking
2 out of 30 gone? Really?
C R I N G E
frik you (Sorry idk who u r my friend made me do this)
Niggas really ban people for cheating on Minecraft that’s toughhhhh
Why are you in my recommendations.
Hey, if I join, could you tp me to one of these minigames? Not for the ban, I just wanna try it. IGN is TARDISCrafterPJ
MAkes me a little uncomfortable when you say someone got diddled.
You look like you say i will perm ban you in a real life fight
this is cancer lmao
die
U should not decide if someone gets banned its not right let people have fun you retard
Kys
and not a single person actually hacked, they used something someone figured out and as little script kiddies they copied and used software instead of actually doing it themselves. Hacking is information, cracks is games and data. People seem to get these confused.
how the hell did i end up here?
sorry for being mean for that il subscribe :)
no youtubers have done this because its stupid
who cares about a dropper its not a bad thing its not like u are banning them "corect me if im wrong"
mine my sister
I love minectraft i wanna smash jack in his soft prostate
My first impression of you, and I like your content man! Keep it up! subscribe
Why are kids still watching this
ITS A MASTER BALL NOT A PINK POKEBALL IDIOT!!!!!!!!!!
most of these hackers are kid because they not patients
You're a piece of shit
you gay
why the fuck is this in my recommended
Should of at least game them three tries.... how are they supposed to know where the water is
get a life
Saw without the gore
Oh no guys someone’s hacking in my minecraft server reeeeeeeeee
Y u copying Doni bobes
Fucking bitch
You can't ban me because I don't fuck with those type of games ??????
douchey video
ARE YOU NZ
Friend: I help Microsoft work out the kinks I their latest software. What do you do, Jack? Jack: I watch people die in Minecraft and laugh for money.
"Yes master" lololololololo ??????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????
Are you an admin if so that's cool bro it's cool bc I play mc and there is so many hackers
me map on fire
That was my brother we had to throw away the Xbox
ew
Stop banning people you ugly bitch
All the salt on that dislike button from the hackers. Mm.
I’m confused.
Why am i watching this i don't even like minecraft
The little pink pokeball is the master ball
This was in my recommend
They just could use freecam to try multiple times, lol.
OH NO MINECRAFT HACKERS /s.
Cool video, your talking is the worst part.
What a horrible accent you got mate
I’m gonna make it my mission to hack the fuck out of this server and destroy everything. And myself the server owner. This guy is stupid. Using higher power to fuck with people
HOLY MOLY hes WEarING a NEW ZEALAND top Im Shook ™
New Zealand! Happy Waitangi Day everybody
Why do all minecraft channels have this sound like an irritatingly voiced British douche with a Penis in their throat.
couldn’t jack get banned temporarily for trolling and griefing?
I love this video
No idea why this has so many dislikes, I`m not even a minecraft person but that vid was hilarious, I think I`m gonna stay here longer :) Have a good one
So this guy basically grasses on people, then forces them to play a stupid map? Fucking hilarious ??
THIS IS WHY I WATCH HIS VIDS
Why is this bullshit on my recommended?
Why am i watching a Minecraft video in 2018
Wait so he himself has hacks but punishes other for having bans and goes power crazy? Seems legit?
Gay
Honestly just perma ban. They always come back hacking like nothing ever happened. I would know.
Aim alexxx is that you wtf
Nonce vibe?
Why do you take away their items? I mean, just save them for when they log on.
You copied doni bobes
what kind of saw shit is this?
You don't have the authority to ban them and teleporting is hacking so you are hacking and souls be ban
Omd Minecraft snitching???????
Are u from new Zealand
Hackers disliked this xD
Lmao
come on this is too cruel
Why are there so many hackers...
Stop telling hackers to do that
Is he British or Australian,his accent is rather an odd one
You are homosexual.
Dickhead
So hard listening to this screecher commentator, voice goes so high pitched. Fuck up.
why is this maniac playing god in my suggestions ??
Can you put names on chest names Otherwise can you stop accusing people of xray without thurther and accurate evidence
so gay
People still play Minecraft?
Welp....I have seen a minecraft youtuber
Harsh
DID YOU JUST CALL THAT A PINK POKEBALL
WHy is this in my recommended
“I’ll reduce it by one day” what a legend. So generous. Much charity
Who's mans is this?
ringo starr?
RGA has been doing it for years.
You have a really weird nose... ??
Emo kid
Why even use hacks in mine craft lmao
blue kiwiz and wc were fighting eachother as you caught kiwiz
I lov u
Ayyyyyyy I live in NZ )felt like pointing that out because of your shirt=
U don’t have the right to ban little kids the game was made for kids go play some cod and try to banned someone I dare u u won’t u can only banned little kids try banning a real hacker on bo2
One question. How is X-ray (doing a map glitch to see things) a hack? I thought a hack would be something like killing a player far distance or afk killing.
I’m surprised people are still making Minecraft videos. I like this :)
hi  i am jack
hhehujjdhtsh7hh10000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000ckx
10000
Waffles
Minecraft police?
made it to 6 seconds, i tried
DONI BOBES DID THE DROPPER SO YEAH
I just wanna hack on your server for mini games lol
why can a person that isnt oart o the development group ban hackers. And why even ban them. Maybe if they purposfuly mess with your character or something. But cant you save your game and go back to a point where youd still have what they took or undo the damage they did
edit/cut at 6:18???
30days is retarded
minecraft is shit the people who play it are even more so
The fak is that outro ? XD
573 players or 574...?
Wait... Minecraft is still a relevant game?
"They bloody knew that they got diddled" is quite possibly the greatest thing I have ever heard.
Your message could not be delivered because you don't share a server with the recipient or you disabled direct messages on your shared server, recipient is only accepting direct messages from friends, or you were blocked by the recipient.
get a life dude minecraft is 8 years old smh
Get a fucking haircut. Geezuz.
Why was this recommended? God what did I do to deserve this torment?
wait does he in prem ban them cuz he might get banned him self if he does that ! (btw im only saying this cause it can happen if the creator comes on and you do it to him)
Subscribed ??
The people are confused because they think the dark blue wool were water
You make players life bad
Jonathan was lagging
U banned me u idiot
Next time show yourself finishing the dropper so we know it is possible pls
What a troll
LMAO i love the way u talk "me map" xD
Protip. You can paste without air by using //paste -a. So that your sign that you've written wouldn't have disappeared but areas that you've lost would've restored if pasted on the right spot.
tbh i dislike minecraft YouTubers n all their cringe content but at least this was pretty entertaining i enjoyed it and i just don't understand the like dislike ratio. why lol. the only thing i woulda liked better is permbans all around. if u hack u deserve a perm ban.
you are so cruel
and i thought spinbots only exist on cs:go lol
:'p don't bully hackers
You do understand, your giving them just what they want. Not that the server you play on is the only one.... By all means, please read too much into that.
7:18 "You were just mining your own business" eyyyyyy :D
this seems mean. why. what if they are doing it for the fun of it. you're hacking and are banning hackers for hacking. makes no sense. tp is essentially hacking. so what different are you to them.
this is my first episode watching and I love it! I subscribed I liked and even went as far as to hit post notifications and I urge you people to do the as well
This seems just a bit extreme, mainly the permanent ban punishments
why the fuck is this in my recommended
Haha, Minecraft is lame lmao
I don't even play Minecraft so much anymore, but this is so entertaining!
You should get a permban for how many times your stupid ass swipes your hair out of your face
This is fucking stupid
Not particularly into these kinda vids but this was cool
how did you get the you got diddled 2:27 2:28
Tempted to join your server and cheat on it just to see if I get on youtube! \o/
Really, ban ppl for skipping the boring grind on minecraft? Stick your server up ya AR##.
not sure how i got here but im glad i did
You're all scum
Why don't you just spectate them as they fall instead of fallow them? That would make it easier to find them
Why not make them participate in a Danganronpa style death game? You could even call it Hackanronpa.
This is the first minecraft video I’ve seen in years and it was pretty entertaining! Will definitely be watching more :)
My favorite “video game” ????
500k Views that makes me so happy
every time he laughs i hear "i'm dead inside"
Every time i try to join it says this gistrations have been disabled due to excessive spam. If you would like to register yourself on the forums you'l have to run the command /register in-game. But i can not figure it out can u help me out please?
I mean... yeah they use xray... but what is your problem with that... dont you have anything better to do then troll people... IN FUCKING MINECRAFT
I mean... he is just grinding mobs... why do you ban him? He is just killing mobs
Yeah you do suck at life
You look a lot like Ringo
This is wack????
this was not my proudest fap
You look like the type of guy that shoots up a school because some one stole your caprsun
Wolf banned for 30days lol
twenty eeet dees
can u even make it?
Why the fuck has this video been in my recommended for the last two weeks
“The little pink pokeball”....you make me sick....
Rather than ban the hackers, just allow them to play the dropper and nothing else.
You're annoyingly enthusiastic, but nice troll
Up the mighty all blacks
Dude you should place diamond block to see if they are xraying
Dude you suck your not control over people dumb ass I hate what you do quit youtube :) from: me To: stupid ass Canadian
Why does this keep showing up in my recommend
your teeth are weird
I do t like mine raft but this is cool trolling so
This guy looks like he doesn't have friends.
Lol
I hate to say this, but TheHive stole your idea with the game Gravity...about 3 years ago.
check out my channel i do funny videos n shit
kys
Unedited?....yea for like first 3 minutes
You sound a lot like Dan TDM
Why the fuck is this in my recommend. My little brother watches this type of shit
Minecraft still has a fandom?
jack lad you’re the beat
"There'd be an absolute nightmare if hackers turned on their no-fall hacks and didn't take any fall damage" You mean you?
STOP TOUCHING YOUR GREASY HAIR. Do you take showers?
youre a very annoying youtuber, could you try and be less cringy
7:17 im surprised no one noticed this pun: ''MINING your own business''
this guy is laughing on the same joke for the millionth time. i envy simple ppl <3
Justice trolling Troll Cops
meh, hacker games is not something new
Permanent bans are not for a short time. PermBan is a shortened term for Permanent Ban.
#LatestSquad
mciscringe
Dude ur tooth larger than my toe
lol you really have no idea what your doing cause you're referring to or i may not but i have never seen X-ray as a client its a texture pack
I don't fancy Minecraft youtubers but God damn I love the cut of your jib
wow.. this game is still stupid.
...subtitles?
the first second legit did not sound like english. wtf
Its pretty imposible to land in the water without knowing where it is. Should have done more.
This is so sadistic
Hacking is illegal. I don't think they are actually hacking. ( I love making smart ass comments)
People still play this shitty fucking game?
Anyone else didn't know it was Minecraft
I don’t think two days less ban on a 30 day is worth it . Maybe atleast a week on a 30 day. Who cares about two days . Maybe two days if it’s only a week ban
i don’t even play minecraft or watch anything related to it why is this being recommended to me
dont know why this was in my suggested but it was amusing for a minecraft video so good job M8
i will come on ur server just to troll to give u content :DDD
Wtf? X-ray and you get fucking banned for a month?!? Wtf that's retarded
autistic minecraft youtubers grow up
Why did I click this crap wtf, Minecraft sucks and this guy is a complete tool. Or in British terms his a complete prick are you not a bit old Minecraft son
so much autism
dick
No idea why this was in my suggestions...but hey i like this kid's sense of humour. Subbed.
You guys need better anti cheat
Why are you still playing mine craft it’s 2018
You really have no life waiting for people to hack so you can hack them out of the game
Funny but tbh its minecraft nobody should care unless the hacking gives an advantage to others
"Do you prefer.... pain?... or death?" "Death...." "Torture him." turns to another prisioner "You. Pain, or death?" "Pain." "Torture him." turns to another one "See? it makes no difference."
Only 2 off bans for playing along??? Should be atleast half off
But my question is how do YOU find the hackers are you hacking to find the hackers
theres better graphics outside IRL
This is terrible yt content
“yes master” LMAO
You have no idea what a hacker even is. Most don't use mods but rather resource packs (x ray). The more intelligent people use cracked clients and mods (not hard really and getting away with these is easy unless you abuse it). Hacking is something completely different.
...you know I kinda want to xray hack on a dropper map. I mean think of the challenge.
Minecraft sux
I think you should have given then 2 attempts because you can not see the water
This nigga a straight up bum for that shit???? but still funny af?? good shit man
I wanna see a hacker make himself the server owner. Like a true hacker. Then perma band you. That would be true humor.
wow same thumbnail as presteon
Why would you ban someone from something as temporary as a minecraft server for 28 days?
I think donni did this first when shotgunraids was hacking in his server
trying to be like RGAgaming, huh?
Not to bring light to hackers but the whole if they dont want to play along it's perm banned thats kind of fucked up. People have the right to their privacy even if they hacked on a game for fucking 10 year olds they still have the right to stay no and not end up on youtube.
Why would one cheat in minecraft? It's already bad that they are playing the game in the first place?
Minecraft is still a thing?
Wait... Are you New Zealand??(My first time watching his vids)
this is so scummy even for the first one that was just afk farming
It’s not a perma ban lol it’s a 30 day ban
MINECRAFT IS CANCER
Cheaters .... people CHEAT in Games .. Hacking is something different you dumb little shits. WHEN WILL YOU UNDERSTAND THE DIFFERENCE???? but you cant really clickbait with it and unessecary stretch videos above the 10 minute mark i guess. kys idiot.
Imagine if they had fly hacks.
this is so fuckin lame why am i here
T H E P I N K P O K E B A L L...??
hackers want to hack so they can have as much fun as you have being able to do anything
i wanna hack just to try that
lol silver fern hoodie ah the days of minecraft i miss 1.4 :/
Rip, Wolf. Scumbag.
Yo why the fuck this in my recommended
Haha “hacker” ????????????????????????????????????????????????????
banning people is just nother form of internet censorship
Howd you give that one dude 26 days but a dude who landed 2 blocks away you gave him 28 days. Not very consistent in fairness i get theyre cheaters but still defeats the purpose of the game
SUBSCRIBE TO MEE PLEASE
How tf do yall laugh at this smh this mad boring
Having power in minecraft... what a meme
I'm subscribing just because your accent is heckin awesome.
whats the point of a standard ban times if you are just going to perm ban them or (like your other videos) ban than for longer times than the standard first offence ban time. This honestly pisses me off, you really should not be owning/admining/moderating a server, Its just stupid and all these kids think its funny. Get some real content.
why the fuck am i being suggested a minecraft video in 2018?
You should make them go through a maze
I was gonna make a comment on how Fucking stupid this is but like, ya getting paid for this regardless and I'm not gonna bash you for making B a n k
574*
When you're 20 something years old and still playing Minecraft
Oh gosh...Minecraft has gotten too far
This is the definition of cyber bullying
me map is on fire
All of these guys are complete idiots, just turn on betterair! You deserve that ban if you don't turn it on.
Thanks for banning me
Okay yeah, you're honestly the biggest loser I've ever seen. Banning someone for 30 days because of that and justifying a 2 day decrease is just the stupidest thing I've ever witnessed lol. Just the whole thing is hilariously dumb
Honestly though, who the hell cares if someone is using an attack command hack? Just saves someone time. Petty as hell to be angry at someone for that lmfao
Are you Welsh?
HOW THE FUCK DID I GET HERE? WHY IS THIS SUGGESTED YOUTUBE????
Minecraft in 2018
When is minecraft fianally going to die?!
Don’t perm ban people that don’t wanna play your game , it’s not part of the rules to play your game
Mod abuse worse than discord
"princess likes signs way too much and doesn't know how to shut the fuck up about it"
Wow banning people on minecraft Must play roblox
Is he a new Zealand
Your cancer
Tú eres muy feo
"Jonathan I trusted yew!!" Hahaha.
Why am I here?
Bit of a hypocrite aren’t you??
Minecraft's gay.
I would hack for this.
This guy shouldn’t be allowed a server he’s a dick
I used to be staff on Timelesspvp and WC_Wulf used hacks on that one as well
are u even making ur presence known and talking to them as a gm and telling them that they been hacking cuz if ur not some might think that they glitched out or they were hacked lol which could be why some ppl don't play ur game and get permanent banned
5 MINECRAFT YOUTUBERS WHO HAVE SWORN
Who still plays Minecraft? Fucking queers.
DO YOU NO DAE WAE!!!!
its just a fucking minecraft
FFS Minecraft.
ha gey
Wait, lemme get this straight. You force hackers to play an amazing adventure map... as a punishment? :|
why is this fucking everywhere not even in my recommended but just in the sidebar wtf
5:53 nice message in chat
Who dafuq hacks minecraft?
Well, you're not very nice.
10:17 chat hahaha
0:17 ROCKING THAT NEW ZEALAND T-SHIRT!
This is fun to watch.
I don't even like Minecraft anymore but this made me happy for some reason lol
but what if they were an elytra master, what do you do then
F-ing Jonathan!!!
why do little kid videos get in my recommended...and why the hell do I click on it
This is a cool Smart admin
Cant you just turn off your computer
HAHAHAHAHAHA! 30 DAYS? Might as fucking we'll be a perm
I looked up extra thicc wth
Nice video bro????
power trip much?
Seriously dude..take a breather. I liked the vid but had to stop watching bcuz you never stopped talking for more than a second...
JackSucksAtLife what headset do you have?
That’s not a perm ban that’s a temp ban
I dont think you should go right ahead and ban them! Its my opinion but does anyone else agree
Wow, do people keep playing after they get banned for 30 days? I think I'd rather switch servers at that point. Would take less time, yeah?
This seems cool and all but its not really fair. I mean i get it nobody likes a cheater but its impossible to see where the water is from the top unless u know where it is. He knows where it is and still couldnt do it
I wish I owned a server, would be so fun
Ew y r u so ugly wtf
thats edgy
I’m going to hack on your server just to see that Nyan cat!
How sad do you have to be to hack in minecraft out of all games
Why are you banning people for this long? This is kind of cruel. I don't play Minecraft, so I don't know what type of competitive attitude there is with these. I still don't think that people should get banned permanentally or even for a month because they wanted to have fun in a game. IT'S FUCKING MINECRAFT! If it was ESports, that would be a whole different topic. BUT IT'S FUCKING MINECRAFT!
This is terrible.
Tno waffles... Sounds familiar... WAIT
Might wanna check your chat at 5:53 m8... I know he got banned, but still might wanna censor that.
I'm no hacker but I'd play the Dropper just for fun.
Cool idea on allowing the hacker to regain their dignity.
Nice cup
26 days for making it aaaaall the way to the bottom? lol, at least 15 days for making it to the bottom and 20 days for participating
7:34 look at chat
i know feel like hacking just to do this
Jesus christ its only minecraft
i imagine the guy who died surrounded in lava was just like, “o shit bois the hacker’s being hacked”
Boii you aint from New Zealand
this just makes me want to hack so I can play the awesome challenges.
I’m a hacker my nam is mikeynator 2000 plz.ban me
J O N A T H A N
why did i get the "free gift card giveaway" vibe the first 3 seconds
I don’t see a problem for the first guy, some people have better things to do than grind. I would know GTA has become like that.
I feel bad because it's a old ass dieing game and they just wanna try to have fun lol
Your accent is satisfying
Are you informing these people they are being recorded?
Why am i watching this?
Okay, after seeing this I am not sure if just trolling or admin abuse. What if someone actually can do it? Will you perm ban him anyway, because "he cheated on the dropper" - which you can't verify if he really cheated. Your system of "retribution" is a bit flawed. Why not get proper anti-hack mods instead?
You sound like dantdm
Normally, I don't like Minecraft youtubers, especially channels like these where just about everything looks like some sort of clickbait. However, this video was fucking hilarious! This guy is really charming and I couldn't find myself to leave the video!
I have the same headphones on right now
When Bad Boy Halo doesn't release a video in in several weeks.
He looks like just somebody that I used to know
Is this just account ban or ip ban?
i am new alreay love ur channel <3
By this video I just realized the difference between cheater and hacker...
I think you mean
Cut your hair
@jacksucksatlife do the same thing but with 3 levels, every death adds 1-2 days per death if you use this please give me a shoutout
You look like Dawko lol
Fucking retard
Kys
I don’t like Minecraft anymore but I like watching your banning hackers videos a lot
Ramsay Bolton, is that you?
I'm calling the cops this is breaking the ammenment that we are not to use crul and unusual punishments
I subbed
sotodaywehavealilsomethin
How are you banning them?
sadistic and just an unlikable guy but I liked the vid bro
ouuu perm ban nerds
My opinion... Why can't all the hackers just use NoFall??? xD
The best admin
There I watched it youtube, new keep this video the fuck away from me.
To force a hacker to play doesnt tht mean u hacked so you should play it ur self.
This looks really fun
I just going to say that this shit is really cringy and pointless for 1 they should be called Cheaters or scripters because that's what they are, not hackers, if they where hackers you'd fuckin know it cause there would be nothing you could do about it calling them hackers is just cringy 2 its extremely easy to get a new alt account 3 Even if you ip ban them a they could have a vpn and just get a new alt and join again 4 that's what I do anyway
Get out of my recommended
what the fuck is that intro it's him humping a hoe an actual gardening hoe
Only person to have done this before is Doni Bobes...
hey jack I love your content. its always special. but sometimes I j=would just like a standard jackleberry episode. like the stuff at hacker trolling 1-80. I loved them then you started to get a bit different and now your doing forcing hackers and deciding when hackers and I just miss the old episode. plz bring back hacker troiklling. I love you
I actually wanna hack just so I can get featured in these trolls
did any one see that jack had a NZ jersey on OMG
There is something wrong with his server if theres that many hackers
Why do you call them hackers in minecraft. They're script kiddies.
This is why god left us
Don't did it he had a part of a challenge that was a dropper Edit: Also you said that a first offence of malicious hacks is 30ds. I got a first offence and I got a perm. Ign: RouqhNiqhts
are you not attracting hacker because everyone wants to get trolled by jack xD Btw Love the vids! <3
hahaha i loved this
woah you’re a really cool sever owner! that’s a great way to deal with hacks XD
Are you a rapist aswell
every pc game cheating nearly
Not if you're Neo and decide that the Dropper and the Ban Hammer DOES NOT EXIST mhuhahaha!
Getting publically humiliated to get less punishment. Its like the middle ages. I bet some people now go ahead and intentionally "hack" the game in order to get features in these shitty videos. I wouldnt be surprised if this was all setup in the first place. The ways people go for attention... 115 episodes... says everything... no wonder Minecraft is being looked down nowadays. Yeah its the first video i ever watched of you. Will be the last too.
You just earned a sub
New Zealand ??
Whats the mic?
9:55 jacksucksatlife XD
i kinda wanna hack just to do this lol jk
that first hack (mob aura is basically like using an autoclicker, what's so bad about it? Who wants to sit around and left click?
Jack, I just started watching you, I love your videos, I subbed and turned on the bell ??
oh no im banned from like 1 of 700 servers, ive really learned my lesson.
Poor Jonathan, he didn't know...
sterf
Wait so do you own this server?
FUCK YOU!
nice outro
Wow you're such a badass
i love watching myself get banned!!! (i purposely hack on servers like this to test their security lol)
Jonathan
Watching them read the signs was really cute. BTW I was cheering for Waffles to make it
Is this new skydoesminecraft.
so I have an autohotkey script that holds my mouse button down, does that count as "hacking" if it's not a modified client? (I've not been on the server and don't know anything about it, I'm just wondering if that counts or not)
I feel a bit bad for that afk person.
Is pocket edition allowed lol
omg i was in this video :o
why do you care so much about hacking? I get it if it is pvp hacking, but xray/farming isnt a problem.
Lol 5_blue_kiwiz is in my fac on another server
Old people do Minecraft xD
Top 10 Anime Betrayals.
28 days ban >chat says 30 day ban sure that hackerkid's mad now :^D
hahahhahahahahahahahahha pin me comment cough cough
JACK I FOUND SCOTT'S CORDS FOR HIS SECRET BASE!!! HE JUST SHOWED IT IN HIS STREAM HAPPENING ATM!! THE CORDS ARE x - 587 y - 283 z 39 PEOPLE PLEASE LIKE SO HE CAN SEE IT
I'm tempted to cheat just to do one of these
.
your videos are so cool i'd hack on purpose xD
Guys I just got $5246on my paypal from this tool without paying anything:(just go to) ~> freepplmoney.win/?T4pabG
You destroyed your map
damn that dropper was totally possible i swear
900
hey Jack! when i feel down or feel anxious i watch your videos, and you cheer me up! i just wanted to say i love your videos, their hilarious. PS, im British too ;)
Ayy classic rainbow dropper thumbnail
900th comment
you desperately need a haircut
If i was an hacker i would fail on my first time lol Im SnarkyArcher and im probably the biggest noob on Skycade ( I only get kills with God Gear xDDDD)
Why don't you just hire someone to reverse engineer the most popular hacks into a detection system. A custom anticheat for your server
I love your videos! Keep up the great work! I really like playing on yout server its so fun!
Why must we play god
Good vid man and a punishment for hackers should me 1v1 against another hacker!
I would like to be an admin but I know I would abuse it lol
Lol the hacker at 10:17 is also at 8:55.
who fuckin cares man
Exuse me jack. I remember when i was 9 i had played a minecraft server and we had a base underground... I was offline and when i joined we had no more base because of of a hacker using X-ray vision and i think the server was called lifeboat network... But if you find any hackers pls band them perm. Because i do NOT like hackers
me maps on foyah
The droppers should be a mini game in the server
#peaceonharmonyhollowplz
Ok other Banning hacker youtubers do like 30 days as a max ban.. Jack over here starts at 30 and permbans a lot.. I like
i kinda wanna join your server and hack now just to be forced into cruel and unusual punishment like the dropper
You should make hackers do a really hard parkour and if they fail you have to perma ban them.
jack you suck at life
This sad pedo is making minecraft vids at age 20 on da fucking kids there is no way he has ever seen a vigina
/watchdogreport JackSucksAtLife reason:posting too funny vids
You forgot to remove the particle effect from the thumbnail you got online in google from Mr.Woofless.????
12:00 JONATHAN IS USING THE SKIN I MAdE
I still miss the old evopvp
hacking in mc is so easy lmao
I'd like to clarify, DropThatCombo_YT was botting, not hacking theres a difference. But both are equally bad. Please don't confuse the two. Automation is different than outright exploiting the game.
DonI bobes did that months back
Accuse random people of hacking next timw
Ahh macane its jonathan again
I’m considering buying minecraft just to play on Jacks server. If you see someone called CherryEmi144 anytime soon then hello that shall be me on my first day of minecraft.
If you ever catch another mod/admin/ helper hacking and you plan on perma banning them you should make them publicly ban themselves.
U sound so much like dantdm
I wish Mineplex would ban hackers fast??
i hacker dropped in to the dropper just like the mr nofall WTF LOL what am i doing LOL
I TRUSTED YOU JONNY
U know that they can go on a different account
Look at the chat at 5:54
Is it even possible?
Yes Jack people have catched hackers in your server before... oh the dropper well..
Zucca_Zack's fac name was NotXRay
I wouldve given them 3 attempts, give them a chance
u suck at life
We have the same headphones!
if i would get put in a dropper i would probably not get banned and now im probably gonna do terrible cause i jinxed it so yeah have fun banning me liT dont read this rest pls stop stop stop stop stop stop stop stop stop stopstopstop S T O P as you can see i got sidetrackted and now im just gonna leave now bye bye bye bye it took me a while to maek this so appreciate it
I dropped a like jack keep up the good work. By the way if your schedule is free can you make harmony hollow more common I love count JACKULA
hey guess what FunkyPickle3 is my account and I'm a mooshroom Wboys3 is my brother and he's a mooshroom so it's like we're the same species cool cool
I had an idea for an April Fools Day prank. You could announce the X-Ray enchantment, which would make so nobody would have to x-ray.
Kinda wanna turn on hacks to do this..
Diddle
fuckn nerds
Stop dropping dislikes on the video pun intended
Oh man terrible terrible admin. I am definitely never going on this server.
Trick hackers into deciding their own ban length
Do entity clear
This would make me want to hack.
I love your accent!
Do you know da wae to the like button?
Actally. It wasnt Jonathan. Kinda looked like it was an admin
Does perm band mean permanent band
5:52 LOL LOOK AT CHAT
you should add this to the server for everyone lol
Make 2 hackers a plot and make them build a theme same for each, whoever has the best build gets most days reduced off their ban
My name is jonathan ;(
No fair you make money for confronting hackers
The good old zucca Zack my best friend he is such a retard
Hey I’m Zucca_Zack I feel honored
look at that sweet chat at 5:51
0:13 excuseme m8 774
I am the true Jonathan, He is a disgrace to the Jonathan regime!
who hacks just to get in a video from jack?
at 12:47 he sound like the kid who who said "you guys have officially made me lose my marbles"
Every time I go on high pixel the anti cheat just bans hackers or, I see like 80 flying guys hacking and ruining the game
PUBLIC SHAME-SHOUT-OUT TO CHRISTO2365 for ADDING PEOPLE TO THEIR FACTION AND REMOVING THEM FROM THE FAC & KILLING THEM ONCE THEY WENT TO THE F BASE
They're not hackers. They're more like Script-Kiddies.
i am the thousand comment! give me likes!
You are a fucking normie my friend
You mom gay nigga
my question is WHY WOULD YOU HACK ON A SERVER THAT IS OWNED BY A PERSON WHO DOES HACKER CATCHING?!
Who are you Why am I subscribed to you
So cool!!! :)
spam 1:41 for 'stew'
Hey Jack, Your vids are outstanding and your server is one of a kind and the best! I really love your Hacker Videos :)
you kill the players and remove their items and xp then troll them then ban then?? WTF this is so unfair
You stole the thumbnail from Z_nac
rename ur channel to JackSucksAtUhc for a week
Press read more Jack. Read more
New Zealand Promo Tho
Love your shirt bro! NZ REPRESENT!
Helouu my boii i hate my life pls kill meee
haha cool New Zealand hoodie
nice outro
Why am I being reccomended this shit
WC_Wolf was fighting against 5_Blue_kiwi 8:57
7:11 this line made me want to hang myself
This guy is how old playing minecraft? Lmaooooo this guy is a fucking police on a minecraft server LMAAOOOOO
how the fuck did i end up here
When did you go to New Zealand?
Am i the only one who feels bad when someone gets perm banned then realise they deserve it and stop feeling bad..?
Wowwie that's lot of people
You idiot... your making it fun for people to hack your server, they are probably just using a alt account to get banned.
if you haven't realized even if you banned them if they didn't do it they will use alt. accounts
The second guy was not necessarily hacking. He could have placed the chest specificly in that area
Donibobes has done this, so you aren't the first. RIP
you look like tofuu :P you guys should collab or somethn
Do a hacker vid, where u shuffle cards and u have to pull 2 out to pick ban days. If you get king, 90 days. Queen 60 days. Joker 30 days. Ace is perm. Id love to see this after i saw the dice!
Ur outro is interesting xD
I subscribed bell on dropped a like :D
Fyi Doni Bobes did this
I hit the like button with my eye, should I be worried??
Donibobes done this first i think
New Zealand shirt :o
These hacker videos are always great
OMG I HAVE A TWIN!!!!!
He had armouron
u should do a random tp (non hacker ) challenge where you'll tp people to funny locations
4=3 ERROR ERROR ERROR ERROR ERROR ERROR ERROR ERROR ERROR ERROR ERROR ERROR ERROR ERROR ERROR ERROR ERROR ERROR ERROR ERROR ERROR ERROR ERROR ERROR ERROR ERROR ERROR ERROR ERROR ERROR ERROR ERROR ERROR ERROR ERROR ERROR ERROR ERROR ERROR ERROR ERROR ERROR ERROR ERROR ERROR ERROR ERROR ERROR ERROR
best plot twist lol
Ban those scum bag hackers!
Johnathan Top 10 Anime Betrayals
this is quality content
Instead of trolling you should do a video where you take innocent players and make them do something like the dropper and if they win they get a free mystery key or a potato or something
The people that say why are you banning kids for really high bans or whatever It's his server in case you did not know...
Dude is blowing up like crazy
Fun fact: JackSucksAtLife has banned himself 5 times - 3 bans and 2 mutes.
next you should force hackers to spell words you say on a sign
doritos
New Zealand All Blacks? You Support Rugby
@jack try doing /tpall at the dropper
Jack I want to join skycade but I dont know how pls help
Love how far you have come. #BuyTheWangSuffix
Jack, My Friend dropped his 8 mystery keys. He is giving up playing on your server. His name is ManDemJJ. Please give him his keys back. He lost around 2 mil on factions. You may not see this but... PLEASE! <3
I just joined your server yesterday and I went onto the one with a shovel and now up can't find my house D:
JACK! DANG BROKE INTO THE FANG HQ BASE YOU SHOULD SUE HIM FOR BREAKING IN!!!!
Pink pokeball? IT'S A FREAKING MASTERBALL JACK!!!!!!!!! Sorry...
JACK, SCOTT BROKE INTO THE VAMPIRE BASE AND STOLE SOME STUFF!!!!!
Do a rock paper scissors to decide who how long someone gets banned. If you win 30 days tie 15 days and if he wins 5 days
What about prisoner getting perm banned he didnt play the dropper he just went to spawn
rn my brother is on ur server :D
Make a (YA Little scumbag) merchandise plz
Jack I love your vids and you make me happy when I’m sad keep up the good work??
Jack u should do hacker trolling video where you take hackers with different hacks then make them pvp and see which hack is better
9:00 WC_Wolf is hacking too lmao he's hitting with his gapples
Notice meeeeeee ??
im listening to you swing me right round
prisoner needs perm ban
hi I bet this has a line threw it
You will sho us da wae
9:13 Wo Wey Wo what does that mean !!! Server: You are banned from Sky cade for 28 days for Kill Aura Hacker: Wo Wey Wo Wey
"-573-" Ummmmm I might be incorrect since I cant count that high but I think thats 574. Not sure though.
Masterball = Little Pink Pokerball (British Accent)
i think the nether portal arent working on the server factions
My name is Jack I do not suck I hate mooshrooms (we have a bad history...) you do not deserve a valentine or a mother you little migget go die a hate you for life my friend showed me this channel I hate your vids do me a favor and kill yourself
Next one: Inverz Dropper. (Levitation)
Can you troll my brother on sky cade his name is TakaMakaPvp TROLL HIM SO BAD PLEASE hahaha he is going to hate me for this ;)
Do replace near 200 air fire.
Im gonna hack ur server. Make me do the dropper please. Also nice video
Jack perm ban is harsh maybe give them like 90 or 60 days
Dis was done by donibobes before
I accidently dropped a like on the floor
Can you do a second dropper one at some point but how many times they fail is their ban?
5_Blue_Kiwiz was banned back in November for Kill aura and speed hacks, isn't it a perm ban if they do it again
You should add plushies to your store, like mooshroom ones
When you start trolling them you should mute them so it doesn't look like anything untoward is happening in chat.
the jumper your wearing that has new zealand on it im from the new zealand
Amazing I love this I have an idea spin a wheel to decide how long a a hacker will be banned for
I have an idea for the next hacker trolling: Go to a random word generator. and the number of letters you get for a word is a week/day/month (if you are that savage) Example. Scumbag = 7 letters = 7 days/months/weeks
F.A.N.G HQ security breach dang has broke in the F.A.N.G
Maybe make a system that people aren't able to see your bans.
Finished it with a triple ban, nice XD
Wait, has Jack been to New Zealand? Look at his clothes!
you should of let the players watch them drop
I was literally screaming when you didn't see the wolf guy hacking but i'm so glad he was permed xD
On harmony hollow Scott changed his name back and put barrier blocks do you just need to break the wool under the sign. After you have changed it you need to use your wand of illusion do he can't change it back.
Live stream catching hackers and we get to decide how long to ban the s-cums
Jack please make a setup video! I really want to know what brand your mic is and stuff.
5:52 check the chat omg he needs a ban
I Smashed a Like
Amazing video
Copying my thumbnail eh? Jk lol
Hi jack someone has xrayed my base and their name is something like lionlyke but if in some way u could contact me that would be great ??
Jaackkk Scot broke into the vampire base and took stuff and also gave you tasks you should get him back and sue himmmmmmmmmm x
make a /setspawn command in a filled water cell so they drown if they do /spawn LOLOLOL
I'm in the bloody video aye C:
He put sum of you stuff in Sabras shop
actually please don't click on #food
And he's destroying it
it annoys me that your headset is not fully on, on one of your ears
or the eggplant decides how long to ban hackers /food do #food
Scott got in your vampire base!!
i think next video you should do animals choose how long to ban hackers
is it too late for the notification gang ? By the way jack I DROPPED a like and I love your videos{you make me laugh every time}
Set up a pen which has 4 chickens in it, all with hoppers under it, and which ever one lays an egg first is the ban length. First is 15 days then 30 days then 45 days then perm
I dropped a like. Also what time Australian do you go on your server? Plz answer!
Is auto clicker allowed when farming the a blaze farm or any mob farm?
Nice video LIIIIKEEEEE
Best vid yet ... a log out should of been a perm ban ??
I hope you have a wonderful holiday with Becky! ??
is using a texture pack that makes the edges of the block the same colour as the ore allowed considering I cant see through blocks or would that not be allowed either considering it gives the block more visibility?
All of this guys “hackers” are fake, like do you seriously think that the guy at the start of the video came back just the time he wanted. #FAKEASWWE
didnt prisoner tp away? Wouldnt that be considered not partaking and result in a permban?
---¦( ?° ??+--- HEY KIDS DO YOU WANT SOME DANK MEMES?
Thanks jack for recording me in the video, if you pause at the start of the video, you can see me in the tab menu (Harrington3rd)
7:19 you're just mining your own business. BA DUM TSS
I couldn’t win the dropper for my life
Jack be stealing some thumbnails eh?
DO A PLAYTHROUGH OF THE GAME UR IN!!!
He didn't pban prisoner and he tpd away
9:02 fly hacks
I saw 574 YOU SAID 583
y o u g o t d i d d l e d
I gotta good troll get a afk mob aura guy then place a rabbit under the dirt so he can’t kill it xD plz like it so he sees it
Jack when you pasted the base on the 3 hackers and Jonathan and them were there you can see another player flying out ??
BRUH I LUV UR VOICE AND IM THE 666 COMMENT LEL ITS 3 AM IM PROVING TO MY FREINDS THAT NOTHING HAPPENS
Prisoner didnt play along and he didnt get perm banned
Zac stone my skin lil scum bag
Jack is that the Saint Basil’s cathedral in your lobby??? This made me want to join your sever 5 times as much when I get a PC
JACK JACK YOUR WEARING A NEW ZEALAND TOP. IM FROM NEW ZEALAND WHEN DID YA HOP THE DITCH BRO
I can imagine zacks confusion
Y hack? Like you KNOW Jack is gonna find you...and kill you for days ._.
I dropped a like while eating me sandwich
It's never gay, if it is in Zimbabwe
Why so long for ban geeze
The end was kinda messy but I loved the vid!!
Everyone watching pls don't forget to drop a like :)
I love your vids I liked and subbed thanks for making awesome videos for me to watch
Your face is bright orange
pink pokeball
Wait... When you died, did it say you got diddled? XD
You know what Jonathan is??.......... a little scumbag!
Hey Jack, I play on your server and I was hacking haha yet to find me. Good luck finding me! If you do then you get the prize of a comment! Probably won't see this lmao.
Liked ?
great vid! enjoyed it a ton
Do a hacker length video where the hacker decides their own ban length (but doesn’t know that it’s about them)
AWSOME vid like.
0:10 top 10 anime lies For people who don't get it He said that 543 ppl were playing when ACTUALLY there was 574
Yo, this is random, but why do you look like young Ringo Starr?
Why are there so many hackers? XD
Find two hackers and make them race or fight for ban or not or something like that
Me when i'm drunk BILL NYE THE SCIENCE GUY,BILL NYE...THE SCIENCE GUY....BILL BILL BILL
lol my freind is in the vid jonathin was in my bloody fac and the worst part was hes bro was banned to destroyer1v1
Do yu kno da wae?
Read chat at 5:53
Hi sucker umm I mean you know jacksucksatlife so sucker…… pls don’t roast me
I found you about a week ago and now I have a new favourite youtuber and I have been watching your vids over and over because I just love your content
You should convert that to the new version so everyone can play on skycade I'm just saying it's up yo you not me btw great vid I ???????????????? it
reddit.com/r/howlongshouldiban
Jack ma boi Getting savage up in here :O
Some of these people could be playing the game fair and your just banning them
WE WANT SKYCADE BACK BRING BACK SKYCADE
Bring skycade back
BRING BACK SKYCADE WE WANT SKYCADE BACK
Your server is down
Your server is down
I swear when I first found ur channel my first fought was yep hes on that good kush
If you read chat when Zucca_Zack was teleported to the dropper area, you can see where he said “I got trolled xD” . That’s why he stopped
I dropped my like and it cracked
I dropped a Like also Sub to jack And Buy his March!
Why did you do that to me :(
jack i dare you to call 666
Nice idea i love your vid keep it up
Jack the person who diddnt take fall damage could have just had max acrobatics mcmmo
Remember DntGoBaconMyHrt He actualy Is A Little Scumbag DntGoBaconMyHrt Is a big Fat Hacking Scumbag
Doni made hackers do dropper before
You should have done // to stop the fire Jack. // for extinguish
Okkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkœ
Wow, that ending though! WE TRUSTED YOU JOHNATHAN. WE THOUGHT YOU WERE A GOOD MAN. JOHNATHAN WHY But really, can you believe THREE HACKERS were all in the same area fighting each other? AND CAN YOU BELIEVE WE TRUSTED JOHNATHAN AT FIRST?! Johnathan why. WE TRUSTED YOU JOHNATHAN, WHYYYYYYYYYY?!?! Also what do you call 3 hackers? Like for 2 its double trouble, but for 3, what it is it?
So funny love u jack ??
WOW YOU SHOULD HAVE GIVON BLUE LIKW A 7 DAY BAN BRUH, HE WAS SOO CLOSE :(
Not that I don't love this serese but can you do a different vid in between each one
Is it just me or does jack remind me of James from the Tv show "The End of the F***ing world?"
Jonathan got to the water.....
DONY LOUGH AT ME but what is per band???
I jack
Scott fond the base
Wolf ban wolf weres the pack trust
:( I’m so late sorry Jack
You should make hackers play tic tac toe against you!!! Just an idea! Love the video!!!
Sees hackers hacking SCUMBAG Sees hacker reading sign aww so cute
Why does your spawn look different than mine?
That transition really doesn't ever get old.
Top 10 Anime Betrayals
Doni done this
Drop a like
Good
You should let the hackers choose how many days they get banned
Lmao when he died it said he got diddled
I dropped a dislike...jk
5wolf was the closest he should have gotten a lesser ban than the other guy
You just earned yourself an- looks at sub count smashes face with like button As I was saying.... -other subscriber! '^ U ^
Jack what happened to troll pack or whatever it was called??
It's not a pink or purple pokeball it's a master ball
Can you please do tp trapper trolling
it was 2am when i got the notification and now it's 10am
I can barely drop down 10 blocks without dying
Hey Jack! You should do more PVP events on OP Factions and participate + feature it in videos!
Jack.... That's the old lobby... How old are these videos?
Bring back the wang
bro you stole this idea from the amazing, the one and only, mooshroom that's named jack that sucks at life
Jack and Becky are the cutest couple ever tho!!
we have the same headphones
Subscribe to me and ill make Guinea Pig videos
Scott broke into the vampire base!! He took stuff and put it all in Sabra's shop!!
i play ur server and som times i see hackers i hate them
Lol, nice! Could you continue Tokyo School Life? I've been waiting
Revisit the 'parkour to hacker's base' troll PLS
(if u know this meme you will get this) jonathan you did NOT KNOW DE WAI
Jack Scott stole ur stuff in thw F.a.n.g HQ moved some and put some in Sabras shop <3 Your Welcome
Is that a New Zealand Marino sweatshirt jack. Made in my country?
568th
k
Hey Dan I turned 14 on January 9th and I have been watching you ever since 2013 when I got out of placement and I have been better ever since I found you.
I clicked because the thumbnail was pretty
Joined you server for the first time jack..opfactions..First time on a factions server even though i have seen hours of factions vids i sort of have no clue what to do.
Scott broke in to the vampire base and stole a bunch of stuff and he put it in sabras shop
Nice YT name xD
I love your videos you lil scumbag :D Keep it up'
Dang (Scott) went into Fang HQ on Harmony Hallow
how do you make a minecraft server???
If Jack hearts this comment , I will make a video writing little scum bag 100 times.
Hey Jack Scott broke into the vamp base on HH and took a few items! bye
Pink pokéball? It's balled a master ball jack :P
Doni has made a hacker video on the dropper
Wow, The Dropper. That brings back some memories.
This video was so good that I dropped a like!
SCOTT BROKE INTO THE VAMPIRE BASE ON HARMONY HOLLOW JACK!!!
I have had my yt channel for three or four months and I watched u way before my first username was charamander gaming but then no one could find the channel so u inspired me by ur name
Jack are you going to marry Becky and if you are when will you propose?
Wheres HH Jack
Plot twist Jonathan hax
Forcing hacker to let mods banned them if they didn't.. PERMMMM BANNED
sb suggestion jack _ Welsh Alex is a mean guy I made a new arena what people asked me too I got a 40 people pic and he blocked me ign dino_is_derp get a new arena or a new warp
PLEASE READ THIS JACK: In Harmony Hollow Scott did many bad things, 1. He changed his name 'permanently' to Scott which u can change back by deleting the block that the sign is on.2.He visited your vampire base and took some things (U should go sneak into his base and steal stuff too) and he put the washroom in the inn. He also added torches. 3.HE PUT A CHICKEN IN UR BASE. 4. HE PUT THE STUFF HE TOOK IN SABRA'S SHOP. Thanks for reading :3
Dang has broken into the vampire base
Jack , Scott got in you vampire base on HH
SCOTT WENT IN TO THE SECRET F.A.N.G. BASE
Your video ideas are so random but great to watch ?? I love it when a Jacksucksatlife video pops up in my recommendation box!
Ily and your videos ignore the haters x If u see this comment Diddlers xx
Doni dit it
Your videos are so addicting! I just get stuck watching every.. single... one...
(insert nice comment here)
JACK, SCOTT HAS BROKEN IN THE VAMPIRE BASE! Great video by the way.
Hi random person searching down the comments
How do you play on skycadde
Surprised you don't have more views on this lovely video you lil scumbag!
hey look im alive
There is more mini games for hackers than for normal players. (AWSOME VID BTW KEEP IT UP)
I have a question. this is not hate. isnt it obvious its you telling them to ban them for weird days so you not banning them doesnt change much!
ITS BEEN DONE 0:23 IM IN THE VIDEO SWIFTYSTEVE IN THE FACTION SPONGEBOOB REEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE YESSSSSSSSSSSSSS
lol sonic cup
I love these videos you do they’re so unique !!!!!!
Jack I THOUGHT that you were going to ban the one guy for 26 days but it said that he got banned for 35 days 6:26
so many hackers tho
Jack may I sing you a song Lava lava It will catch up to you java Buy Jack's merch cus it's awesome Play Skyyyyycaddde
Nice vid Jack ????
Why not more IP bans?
I m a like dropper I guess
If you catch a hacker tp him to bow arena and 1v1 him or let him 1v1 helpers
I love your videos so much! My mams currently in hospital, as she had a seizure on New Year’s Day, and it’s been your videos that have been cheering me up :) keep up the amazing work, and keep on cheering me up ??
I love baka *eggplants :3
im glad he DROPPED a new vid im sorry
Awesome video thanks for the new video Jack! I don't even play minecraft anymore however i cant get over how much fun your videos are to watch :D.
Doni bobs
My mincraft no work heart=Bigger chance of getting it to work like=Just a tiny chance of getting it to work sub to me=ur cool
u Luke Skywalker USE THE FORCE!
I wanna kill some hacking scum sometime. I would hit them so hard they would DROP dead in one hit. I also Dropped A like. XD
force
I tried to call you on Snapchat.
Do the chat decides how much a hacker gets banned for
I wanted to be a member of staff but do u have to be a certain age
I’ve always wondered this, how did you start this server
I smashed the like button so hard my screen cracked :,)) luv ya jack <3 !!
Yes Im Early #EarlySquad Love You Jack Best Youtuber Ever I Love All Your Vids And This Series
Did you get permission from me to use the map?
“You got diddled”
what were the two last songs btw man ur vids are awesome you deserve more veiws
How could this happen to me
New video idea: The amount of obstacles hackers get past determines how long they are banned for I know, completely original??
They do mini games in Minecraft all the time check them out
Prisoner should get perm, he didn't play along
Jen and Pat play this all the time you're not the first to go subscribe to them
Force the hackers to do bedwars!
I wanna hack now
lol
Why didn't you just click into the hacker and you can watch from their prospective
Can’t wait to play on the server Sunday
Find 2 Hackers and make them fight each other whoever wins gets a shorter ban
Do finding where hackers live and smashing their pc
Jack! i have a great idea for a video you have to catch the hacker and screenshare them on ds/ ts or something like that! hope it helps!
You should have made it to where when the land, there should be a sign to show how long they get banned
Just tweeted you some fan art ;)
Idea for a new troll. Find someone legitimately strip mining and paste a base in front of where they are heading. And then troll them/shame them for finding it even though they are legit xD
you’re the best jack
Cats are cute to everyone but for jack its cute watching hackers reading signs ??
Wow, love that Russia themed spawn <3
Wc_wolf was fighting 5blue with hacks when you checked out 5blue
Nice vid! Next time, you should force hackers to Hunger Games eachother :)
I don't know how I found this channel, I don't even play Minecraft. However, I somehow found myself watching these trolling hackers videos and have spent the last 3 days of my life watching Jack's entire trolling hackers playlist. I never had a desire to play Minecraft, and never once have, however, I have found myself with an increasing urge to play on Skycade and purposely hack, just because I think it'd be a funny experience. So, that's something. xD
Jack, for your next hacker trolling video, you should teleport a hacker to a room that says, "Hello User, You have been teleported here to help me ban a hacker, their name is ___ and they used _________. Please use a sign in the chest ahead to say how many days to ban them for. Thanks Jack" Then you ban them for how long they say and if they leave give them a perm ban
Doni Bobes did this
do a yt sub comments decide how long to ban hackers
Jack on the next how to be a dick episode please troll the staff by pretending that you hacked the store :)
"no other youtubers have done this yet, but correct me if im wrong" "today we will be catching hackers..." jack youre wrong other yters are catching hackers lol jk ik wat u meant
I love how jack referred to the master ball as a little pink poke ball
I like your HyperX headphones ;) lookin slick.
I like every tweet you post!
for some reason i want to hack on this server to do this.What is wrong with me?
You're so awesome!!!
This is how everyone should troll. YouTube at its finest. ??
9:01 hacker v hacker
Stop catching hackers. You have Jackula things to do.
Ask strangers how long to ban
I AM A JUSTNOO FAN
ITS A MASTER BALL
i think doni did this?
Hi jack
Why just why are you such a good youtuber?
Doni bobes
You should make this a thing in your hub or something where you get like a temp kit or some blocks for SMP
3:49 Melissa banned the hacker for 30 days instead of 28 days
I love this series I’ve just binged watched a bunch
573 XDXD IM DEAD !'!!!!!!
I can't log on to my computer, much less minecraft
1 Like = 1 Hacker Jack sees
i cant join on your server because mc pe doesnt let me :-:
You should do more of these videos!
Jack I love your videos but I joined your “server” and it looked nothing like the one in the video. Have I been cat-fished?
My finger is playing the dropper and he has to land on the like button. He landed.
BTW the dropper map is 4 or more years old it celebrated his birthday not a long time ago
I subscribed a couple days ago because your awesome
Jack your my FAVORITE Youtuber and i recently got a laptop and started playing on your server (on smp) And i met SOCIETY! (Probably spelled that wrong) i hope you read this! Keep up the Good Work!!!
Jack can you explain the stick figure that was in factions spawn last week? ??
The cool wishy arrow transition thingy
Do something like chris hansen to catch a predator where you find a base and get a x raying personto raid it with you, then come out and watch them dispair
I have an idea: Send the hackers to court
JustHAveFunnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnn
I found your channel less than 3 weeks ago, but freaking love it. I love this series, and pretty much all your videos are absolutely amazing. My favorite video is the one where you trolled 2 mods who were fake x-raying, and I want to live by the quote 'YOU CANT DIDDLE A DIDDLE BOI!!!' JOHNATHAN, YOU TRAITOR!
"jacksucksatlife is 10/10 easily betrayed," said Jonathan ~ hacked January 13, 2018 - banned January 13, 2018
Hey Jack. What texture pack are you using? I love it and i want it! Also, ive been a sub for like a month. First night i saw you, i binge watched your hacker videos. SOOOO much fun to watch!
Donibobes did it a while back. It was like a marathon of trials though with a set time and no lives.
I just DROPPED a like xD
Perhaps you should do This again,but every time the hacker dies there are 10 days added to hi's ban ??! Good vid, but siriusly Don't you have caves to get killed in ?
Liked this video?? no wait I LOVED IT!???
jack look how far you have gone on your channel! I love your vids so much!
My name is WafflesRGreat my friends are WafflesRGood and KITTYSIX Long live tnoWaffles
Yeab should’ve had a perm ban, he didn’t play along
OMGGGGGGGGG YOUR SO FUNNY XD
Loved the video jack also the hh series is AMAZING!! KEEP DOING IT!
U kicked me 4 no head hack
Nice nz shirt! ;)
U kicked me
Doni has kind of done that
doni did it already
Open the dropper to the servers¡
People should drøp a like
On ur server for the 1st time rn. User: TortoiseDude1
hello!!!!!!
Amazing video!
But having a reduced sentence would be just a giveaway as you banning them
I logged on to skycade a few hours ago on op factions and factions my factions base was raided and it had all my stuff in it and on op factions peopl towered up to my base (there was nothing up that) but I'm so sad but oh well guess that's what happens :p
jack can u sign 3paths base? PLEASE IT WILL SPARE MY EARS
Donni kinda did it but it was super small and a part of an obstacle course
Actually. .. Doni did a dropper as well.
I love your video's Fam
Doni Bobes did a mini dropper....
xD I like roblox
THIS IS AMAZING!!!! One of the best Hacker Trolling Videos so far!!
Prisoner didnt play along either?
If I was a hacker and I had to do parkour, I’d probably beat it. (Jk i suck my m8s)
9:29 the guy tried to use fly but the anticheat kicked in.
I love this idea!
cool whishy arrow transition thingy
Johnathen!
Jack you should do something where you get 10 hackers and put them in a game of hunger games
Jack you need to play smp
Love this series!! This series is actually how I found your channel
I subscribed
Jack great vid and dont listen to the haters. Keep up the awsome work ??????
Best series along with harmony hollow
You should do a draw my life for 500k jack, i would like to see that :3
"oh he landed on the pink pokeball" All the pokefans got offended
You are by far the best Youtuber! #Youremumgayisalie
There should be a suffix that goes like this: [Name] The Diddler Another idea is... [Name] The Diddled
Good vid!!
How much does anyone wanna bet that jack didnt make that. ????????
I have been bingewatching your hacker troling series i have SUCCESSFULLY completed it 5 months well spent i say well i dont have Minecraft but i enjoy your content so much i laugh in every one i want to play on your server so much GL on you channel mate
2:25 that death message tho
Make a server that hackers can join and won’t get banned then right their names down that are hackers and if u see Them in other servers check the list and boom video easy
Haha spam four on your numpad xD
Loved the vid u make me laugh!
'The wooshy triangle transition thingy' - JackSucksAtLife Jan 13 2018
U are best youtuber jack
Why not do this for good players. Farther they get, they get a few keys
No likes from jack to me
oh lord glad this wasn't a fall.
Why are you still uploading videos Jack? Don't you have caves to get killed in?
Lmao they were forced
For the next hacker catching video, can you pretend to be new to skycade and ask the hackers for items. If they kill you, extend their ban length, if they ignore you, give them a standard ban, if they give you items decrease their ban depending on the rarity of the item.
Hey
I got tickled today ( ?° ?? ?°) he died
Ur idea's keep getting better jack :)
You should have made it so that for every attempt they get 1 day ban. So if they take 30 attempts they get a 30 day ban. If they complete on 3rd they get a 3 day ban
You should do a thing where each second you hold a note for,it's 5 days..Be a savage and make it 10!
Dis vid da bomb! Jack your my favourite YouTuber!
Do a video where it’s like hackers have to craft certain items in one minute and the more amount of items the craft = less days on the bans depending of the difficulty. For an example If a hacker crafts a cake that would be 4 days off the ban Hacker crafts a sword 1 day off the ban . Items would of course be provided.
I play on the server! Liked and subscribed
That is so funny, and cool
Jack have hackers do skywars
perfect.....
Daddy Jack Remember me after You hit 100,000,000 Yes one hundred mill 2nd edit You can’t diddle a diddleboi
A New Zealand jacket as an Aussie i am afended
Just wondering, because prisoner didn’t participate shouldn’t he also be perm banned?
boi
I liked luv u Jack
Jack you should do PvP to ban them. Like, they get a number amount of chances and how many kills they get within the chances is how many days they get off. (No hacking tho??) OR you could PvP them with hacks on urself with a certain maount of chances.
Jack you should do one where you troll X-rayers by putting a chest in the ground, but in the chest is a note saying "you have been caught hacking you scumbag" (or something like that).
Hi jack u have the best channel
Early..sort of
You should make it so hackers have to say each letter of the alphabet in chat one by one on a timer and when the timer ends each letter they had left to say =1 day extra ban (like if you agree)
Jack, is it true that Factions got hacked yesterday?
wolfie banned the first dude for 30 days
Really live your videos :D notice me senpai
yeet!
so basically parkour gods get off scot free? looks like i'm hacking today then
This was amazing! My mom yelled at me for laughing too hard ?? Great video jack. I dropped a like!
Hacker trolling YES!
Hey can you give marielitat back her trash chest she has not been able to speak because she has some kind of sickness and she had to rest her voice there for she has not been playing harmony hallow
Nice vid jack
i think doni made a hacker dropper game in a "Hacker games" video
This video dropped in my recommended
Next you should spawn any hackers into a giant eggplant theme park where in each roller coaster there’s lava at the end
I know who did this its YOU!!!!
Yay more hacker trolling I love it
Yay
Yes! Finally something different and new
Hello im a ad min
I love jacks vids
Love u jack u r my faverioute youtuber i love ur videos and channel
Sandwiches!
Hi
5:51 look in chat
Jack love ur vids ?? keep up the great work
You should use Siri to ban hackers????????
364
The dropper.... MORE LIKE THE HACKER im sorry
You could catch 4 hackers and then set them in a replica of The Walls mini game and depending on how far they get is their ban length Last place: Perm Third: 100 days Second: 30 First: 1 day
hey m8 good job good work you’re my favorite YouTube m8 you’re The best don’t stop keep up
Hi hi
Ace Video!!
lol!
I always leave a like before watching your videos are really good jack and your really funny
When your sick with the flu but u don't give a crap cuz u wanna watch yt
You should do an escape room for hackers
Johnathan! I trusted you! How could you! Im dissapointrd!
1 thousnth like :p
Hey i'm wondering if I can have a shout out...I subscribed and I turned on the bell,,,PS.im trying to type perfict but im don't in real life so i hope i get one BYE! Hello!
Subscribe and drop a like
Love the vids jack but do I did something similar
Jack says "well theres a public wesite that showes the bans so everyone will know im on" me "uh oh on me oh hes on to me"
I am 5_blue_kiwiz lol glad I got into the video though ??
The hackers will fall and fail and gracefully be banned by the one and onlyXD
Yee
prisoner tpd away and ho only got 30 days???
Very good Jack ! I love you!!!????????????
Hio guys
Yay trolling not ban lenght vids ;)
Hi
Pin me daddy
early squad!
Doni has
Hilarious as always!!
I love these kinds of videos. They're always so funny! ??
forcing hackers to draw
U lil scumbag, I liek u
Who remembers "roses are red coal is black skycade is fun and I hope this is Jack" ????
Jaaack? Wtf
Can you do another Discord one
It is not called a "pink pokeball" it is a Master Ball.
Every sick day is immediately made better by Mr SucksAtLife!!
We all trusted you Jonathan.. WHY YOU DO DIS TO US ??
first to lie about me being first
Moo
Hackers can't do the dropper! They aren't good enough to do things legit!
Hello
NOTIFICATION SQUAD!!!!!!
Ppl keep saying ur GF is too hot for u but I say YOUR TOO FOR YOUR GIRL FRIEND!!!!!
noot noot
*574
No
hi my lil scumbag
2 views?!??! lol
I dropped a like!
Same I really enjoy the red arrow thingy
First To like my own comment. I'm the 321st comment.
Jack Should Be the most popular Yt Because The is the Best Meme Channal!!!!
321st
“The pink pokeball” triggered
Love this channel
Jack is so funny
i love ur videos
Best ban series on youtube.
I love your vids Jack!!!! your amazing!!!
Love me
hey! I am the 5,018 view!!
I love your videos :'3 they always make me happy
hi jack could you do a draw my life video?
I GOT BANNED FOR NOTHING IGN:InfamousGem435 `contact me on discord ALmighty Seal
Love this! You come up with great ideas that keeps this series so entertaining!
I'd love to play on your server, unfortunately my connection is a step above dial-up and your mod Society is too ban happy. kill aura and anti knockback look the same as a bad connection apparently. :( I was unbanned but it ruines it man
im always early
missed notification GAH CURSE YOU SLEEP*
''He Just Set HimSelf On Lava'' -JackSucksAtLife 2018 Awesome video Jack keep up the good work I DROPPED a like on this video :D
Imagine if jack replied ??
I actually randomly thought of that once, lmao! Amazing idea and great video. ‘’Dropped’’ a like btw
#NotificationSquad + #MerchSquad
Bloody Jonathan griefed your map, what a fool. He literally could have been banned for only some amount of days, instead he griefed your map. Well he got what he deserved :)
“The little pink pokeball” I’m sorry but jack do you not know what a freaking masterball is?
Roses are red Violets are blue I play skycade And you should to!
Mornin jack
Can i play the dropper for fun, hit me up
This is amazing wow
#youlittlescumbag #youthinkyourafenixtree
FIRST :O
Jack why don't you make the hackers dance in minecraft. Joke : How do trees get online? – They just log in.
Insert Horrible pun " "
Yesss more hacker trolling!!
I love ur channel because ITS AWSOME
Troll normal players we want a peice of the fame cake too :D
Lol jack for the next video you should make them fight some kind of boss mob with low armor and depending on if they beat it without dying sees how long to ban them
I love your video Jack!!!!
Looks like there dropping to there’s ban.... sorry smash that like button
you should do a ban reset
Jack is the best hacker catcher!
Wow jack dropped tripple ban at the end
I LITERALLY WAS PLAYING DROPPER WHEN I GOT THE NOTIFICATION THAT THIS CAME OUT JACK WTF THIS IS WEIRDDD
7:10 "He landed on the pink little pokeball" TRIGGERED
Lel
Omg I wake up to a new video this is awesome, ????????????????????????
Anyone here before 1k views? C:
Droppers are my nightmare. I’m glad I don’t hack lol...
love ur vids
7:19 but he's not minding his own business, he's mining you're base!
16mins late shiaaattt
I WAS THE 473rd LIKER!! (btw love your videos)
crackin' you need more subs like right now aggghh
Wow im pretty early for the first time in forever
2 perm bans, and no anti-bans
Use the dropper more in videos
Ah, its been so long since I have seen a video involving the dropper. Clever thinking, using it to choose ban lengths.
256th!
Intresting*
Why are these videos so ingesting
Early
Hey Jack, where can I get some awesome merchandise?
This is a really good idea!
ILY JACKK ? ??
I’m early??
Jack pls no kill
Sorry, I'm late, notification squad :/
No other YouTuber has done this before but doni bobes will just copy it anyways
Your posting early u released on 3:01 in the uk your spoiling us
Wow I was 16 mins late
Yay before a thousand views
amazing vid jack!!
Oh cool I'm one of the 1000 views
Wooshy arrow transition thingy
Yay i wanted this
Wow yeah
D d d d d d drop the like!
you do such nice mini games for these hackers
Yes
I dropped a big fat like
Sexual assault on the moon
Do one where you force hackers to do parkour/ buy things like potatoes
CONGRATULATIONS Achievement unlocked "Reviving Your Channel"
YOU ARE LITERALLY THE BEST YOUTUBER EVER!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
<3 yay im somewhat early
LESS THEN 1k SQUAD
Great video jack
I know that there wasan't any in the video but what is freecam? The last vid I watched (it was like 52 or something) had it and I wasn't sure what it is.
Oooh the dropper ah you shouldn't hack it ruins the fun for others and yourself aswell
968TH viewer yay
I'm early.. Let me tell a joke Knock knock Who's there Hacker Who Delivery for Hacker Tracker
if you love jacks videos leave a like
Oooo fun
50 views 238 likes What the hell youtube
fricking heck this video is good
Jack Pls play harmony hollow
#EarlySquad
You should've dropped the challenge, hackers are scums and deserve to get banned.
Are you on factions if so my name is fisherman09
Early squad where u at???!
did you ever check it was possible to do the dropper
Geez jack for me its like 1:11am btw cool car ??
3:45 the staff bans him for 30 days anyways lol
221st coomenter lawl #notiigang love u jack
Not to be the person that corrects you but I think doni bobes done this too but carry on I still love your vids
Make this a game mode on skycade
When's next HH coming out
223RD!
573
Is Jack sponsored by Sega now? Cause in the past few videos he just loves that Sonic the Hedgehog™? mug. It's okay if you are Jack, a man's got to eat.
pin this if you love your fans!
Yay I love droppers!
Omg Jack U little scumbag
Good
You should do one with Scott and Callum ????????
nice vid keep up the gr8 work!
I never noticed when you die it says you got diddled ??
I swear that thumb nail is from MrWoofless or am i incorrect if iam sorry ANNNNNNNNNNNND notification squad
Here I am, tucked in my bed about to fall asleep And then jacksucksatlife uploads a “minecraft hacker trolling video...” FUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUU
Woo! New Videos and fun on Skycade! (best server!)
I love how it isn't a dropper its THE dropper
51 person to watch this HELL YEAH
“Cool whooshing arrow transition thing”
I am laugheng
I love your videos jack!!
first
FIRST ONE TO SAY FIRST
Anyone who disliked is a scum bag.
awesome!
7 mins in :3 keep up the good videos, Jack!
all of a sudden your videos became the only thing in my recommended. even your old ones eek
Pin this and I will show U DE WAE
Don’t let go jack
I38 comments - 50 views. Makes sense.
jack you should livestream sometime
Hacker:Yay im hacking and not getting caught Jack:Hi there Hacker:Who are you? Jack:kms
i got the notification Yay I never get it
201 likes 50 views Nice job YouTube ????
when a video has 50 views and 216 likes, makes sense
#earlysquad
Early! Love u Jack! I’ve been enjoying your content.
F.A.N.G vs what ever the hunters names are who will win AKA you guys should have a war!
These videos are so funny
WTF how did this come to my recomindation Anyhow ur channel is awesome
#LikedTheVideoBeforeWatchingIt #EarlySquad
ily
woke up to this video's notification lol. wasn't disappointed
<3
Yooo
Luv me jack
I'm having 2012 Minecraft video flashbacks..
anyway I realy liked this vid jack u are the best youtuber ever and are histerical
You should change Scott's name on the sign at the teleport hub to Dang and then make it invisible.
New Zealand hoodie? MY MAN. REPPING THAT KIWI HIWI APPAREL REEEEE. Ps; I found you like 4 weeks ago. You are the only minecraft youtuber who's content I enjoy rn. I haven't played Minecraft to have proper fun since I was like 6 (I'm 14 now.) but maybe I should come check out your server and see if I will enjoy Minecraft now. I've always been really critical of the "cringy" and "annoying" little kids that I've associated with the game, but seeing some of your content, I've actually seen that some minecraft youtubers can have enjoyable senses of humour for the older people whilst keeping it PG for the younger people that would obviously come with the game. You might not see this, but you are shedding a never light on how I view the game. (Btw your hacker trolling series is gold lmao, that's how I found you. Trusty recommended taberino.)
It is my 13th birthday ??
Lol u the best bwt lauren toke her animals back ??????u best dawg
Jack do a parents decide how long a hacker is banned
First
Jack, did you receive my little christmas card?
154th!!!!!b XD
I LOVE ALL OF YOUR SERIES JACK!!!!!
Hi
helloo
jack can you say my name in a vid plez
It's 4:05am right now were I live I'm tired
"If any of you scumbags out there wants to try that then they can face the wrath of my perm ban" - Most threatening sentence from JackSucksAtLife (13/01/2018)
Wtf 5 minut s ago and over 100 comments
50 views and 140 likes hmmmm seems legit.
Just made some spicy noodles, I'm ready to watch this at 2:10am... Also.. MERCH LINK IN THE DESCRIPTION!! It's amazing quality! Get your grubby little hands in it!! Update: MY MOUTH IS ON FIRE!! I knew I shouldn't have added the Dried red chilli!
4 am in the NZ morning. CHILLAXING AND MAXXING.
Love this video also please do more harmony hollow
Great video!
I wis I can go on your server can u do that on the Xbox 360 Xbox live
This is a great idea!
#NotificationSquad "Cool Wushy Arrow Transition Thingy"
I DROPED a like Get it Love the arrow flashy thing ur right it never gets old I loveee u and ur so funny ?? Do more funny harmony hollows and banning people
Hey Jack, love your vids, keep up the amazing work man!
50 views 128 likes ok
Why am i even trying to make a good comment to get on the top. DropThatCombo more like DropInDropper ;)
It is currently 2:03 am where I live and I had to watch Jake’s episode
I wish I had a fancy arrow thing transition where can I get one?
I had to make sure I did drop a big fat like!!
Hey jack
Every hacker you catch they shuts killer chickens
50 Views and 110 Likes, i got notified on twitter btw,i turned on notifications :^)
If I was a hacker and you made me so the dropper I would fail like 50 times. You'd just have to ban me ??
I rly love u vids Mr mushroom
100th comment!!!
First
Jack I love you vids
Hey
Awesome video jack . U should let Becky play HH with you . Or she should Join HH and have her own channel ??????
First 50 views
when you ban a hacker you drop them get it becuse you forced them to play the dropper??
Hahahaha what are the ods i was watching a dropper video by shubble cuz i was i was laughing so so hard????????????
Here before 100 <3 love ya jack
Jack Visit play.skycade.ney
Everyone's like haha I'm first! And I'm like haha I'm 79yh!!
Actually jack it is 574 not 573 players online 0:12
nice video, i just applied for staff on the server, i am really excited if i become staff :)
50 views, 111 likes and 77 comments? Makes sense youtube :)
Not only do the hackers drop. Their reputation drops tooo!!
omfg I'm early
notification squad be like <3
I love this server and u jack
Love you jack and the cool wooshy arrow transion
they’re still better than me i’m horrible at dropper
when are you gonna run out of idea's?
bloody amazing
Hi jack awesome vid
Jack you are one of my favorite YouTubers. You are the best!
Your man Doni Bobes done this thing fam. mans nice
??????
Yay new vid
Jack you are the best ?? your the only reason I haven’t killed myself
#notificationsquad! ????
I will keep posting jokes until you do another HH week. Day 1:You really DROPPED them hackers eyyyy
First?
Amazing vid xx
Ey
i was like in your Q&A like 2 years ago twice in one vid . lol i threw a spasm
Hii
50th VIEW!! hi jack its me, i made the diss track and was a helper. new one coming soon! i <3 your channel!
You should always upload this early
Am i late??
Theese hackers are gonna die so many times! xD
This is so cool
Great way to start off my morning.
Hiiiiiiii
Play the game you're in again!
50th
Amazing video jack!! Also to whoever is reading this, enjoy your day :)
53rd
Cool video!!
Jeepers creepers. wot a surprise upload jackaboy.
love ya
Ayy early squaddddddd
OMG #NotificationSquad
Plz pin me m8
In the early squad ??
Roses are red violets are blue, jacksucksatlife merch is awesome and so are you ;)
30!
Another Great Video ??
#NOTIFSQUAD!!
I like how people say first and I’m here like yes he finally finished editing ??
22'en Notification? Squad!!
Second
Hi jack, I love your video
PLEASE UPLOAD HARMONY HOLLOW
Next do: Asking random strangers how long to ban hackers
Hello Jack.
Dropper makes me dizzy Is it just me
Sure why no t
First
I watched this while eating
36 second squad :D :D
That’s rather strange
OMG YAAAY
Spent my first week on skycade grinding on factions and already got 1mil
Love the vids¬.¬
Haven’t even watched past the intro and I already love it!
Drop it like it's hot!
Um doni did hackers games which has a dropper, so it has been done
Not first, maybe last :)
Pin me I’m first ??
hey cutie
jackk
oi
brb gotta get popcorn
1
Hello #earlyYTsquad
I dropped a like!
use siri to ban hackers
Ur so hawt
First
forcing hackers to fall 120ft to their death more like...
I love Your vids Your the god ??????????????
Hi
4th!
Where my notification squad at?
3rd
So early jack I love this channel Also I was first like
1st
First
Second nice!
First View and like!
can i enchant them btw? just because they have bonuses when you make them
This mod is too complicated, like jesus christ.
Nice you should create server with mods . People will be want to play witch you at modded mincraft.
Ur lack of OCD is killing me...
Thanks I was really stuck! This helped so much :)
U
WHY THE FUCK IS THERE NO 2018 VERSION FOR ME THE STENCIL TABLE IS USELESS
THANK YOU OMG!
tysm wondering why it wouldn'y work
I'm in a newer version and theirs no brass and no aluminum ingot and no copper ingot
thank you
I got blood in the tank. Faucet doesn’t work in that case
love your vids helped me
This is useful since the lost pages of current 1.12.2 tinkers' construct. Or as I call them, "oh you want to do tinkers construct well good luck because all the building pages are gone so go look it up on youtube you newb" pages. Seriously, those are the most important pages in tinkers' construct and they leave those out........
man i tryed but in casting tabel doesent makes nothing wen i start the foucet doesent starts
Need a much money?
THANK YOU SO MUCH!!!
What mod displays the Saves on the left side?
why does every minecraft video have to be cringey
why does every minecraft video have to be cringey
You dont have to cook grout and stuff over and over. You can just cook some Cobble for Seared stone. It takes a while but does the same as Bricks do. You can also get a Stack of cobble, throw it through the top of the smeltry, And it will automatically add once it finishes cooking the previous things. You can put Seared Stone into your crafting station, and change how it looks, and even change it to Seared bricks.
Googles for some sort of help with Tinker's Construct Sees Chad and shouts HOLY CRAP THAT'S CHAD FROM ELU
thank
it wont let me move my ore to the bottom
OMG-Chad, thanks for your clear and concise reviews/tutorials! If I wanted to run as few mods as possible (w/ Milenaire), which ones would I use?
Whats the thing on top that tells you the block called
Ty for all the help <3
Thank you so much! I Just got the MAGE modpack, and I basically need this mod to get thru the Aether and other realms! Much Thanks to you ive subbed and liked :D.
also, i this supposed to have aluminum & brass ore? b/c mine does not.
How did he clear the nei interface?
Thanks Chad!
#noonelikesachad
this one is much better https://youtu.be/RrihRbgb4xY if you're an adult
great moooooooood
My ears????????
This is probably the most helpful video I’ve ever watched.
Also you can make temporary templates out of clay ( I might be wrong )
7:13 you literally made a backwards stone pickaxe
My tinker table isnt working
Doe s this mod come with ores or do you have to get a different mod? I really need to know
when i put ores i cant switch them ? why?
what was that other cheating mod that he was using that let you set your time to day and night
You could say it's a good THERMAL FOUNDATION. I'll pop out now. (Uses simplyjetpack)
What was the wood you had in your side bar because I want that mod
How do we download this mod
Wait, tinkers construct mod + cubic chunks mod = near infinitely tall furnace
How do you make large/heavy plates??? Plz I need help I’ve tried everything
modpack?
You forgot the seared furnace...
very interesting, thanks i understand a lot more now
So horribly made.....and way too obviously made for children....adults that arent autistic, play this shit too
no one likes you kill yourself
VEEEEEEEEEEEEEEERY helpful thanks very useful in this video is upgrading pixaxes
name of mod. When you looking an block and this show this name/item from mod ect
BTW u can use gold too.. 16:10 #HelpingThePast! xD
thx chad
OMGChad: we will start of by 3 by OMYgod blah me: what? 3 by OMYgod blah?
THEY CALL ME MISTER PIG!! lol
My Tinkers Construct 1.12.2 does not include things such as copper ore and aluminium ore. What do I do to resolve this?
cancer
nice shirt
What mod is dat currently harvestable thing
he has 50billion mods on it cant have that much pages 622
10:22 donald trump lol
lol what is the point of putting silk touch and auto smelt on the same pick XD
how do you get the whole inventory thing???
When I click on its it does not go to the bottom
and those incluld a uh a uh smelltery controller 10:38
nice shirt bro
Mm...can you make a mod..i challenge u
Tinker's Construct seems like a pain in the ass to learn. It uses new mechanics which I don't know, so it makes it even harder. How do I remove this mod from my modpack?
manyulin (man-uh-lin)
nostalga
awww they removed the lava crystal!!!
you can make unbreakable pickaxes
11:10 THAY ARE MINE I WEAR BLACK ALL THE TIME
my seared faucets wont work.
you help me a lot thanks dude :)
How do you get CrackPack
please make an updated version, this is so old and things dont work anymore
Ut dont work for servers
omg this mod gave me headache
If I click the ores it won't switch
havent seen this chanel in a while
Fyi, if you put a regular chest next to a crafting station, it will add a thing to it too
Very nice video! I enjoyed it a lot
lol look at his shirt
8:59 did you dead ass just make a reference to "they call me Mr. Tibbs" in a minecraft video made for kids who definitely haven't seen that movie?
The fact that I have to look up a guide for this mod just to GET STARTED with using it really bothers me...
Please realise that you can make casts out of glass
Can you use something else for casting? instead of brass?
<><>
thank you so much you helped me out a lot I kinda new to mods to I'm overwhelmed again thanks
I'm downloading the mod from curse, but it's say it could harm my computer, what should I do?
Manyullyn is pronounced "Man-uh-lin". 15:25
I always used to think "Oh Tinker's Construct mod sucksssss!!!" no im getting it now
This is YouTube, not the news central
yo that was so helpful i have been so confuzed about tinkers that i subscribed
I honestly thought I needed a refresher and now I know that I overly criticize everything Thanks world
chadtronic is the better chad but it's because this channel is a guide video and chadtronic is based on comedy so I guess it's ok
i cant make the next books
what if the controller doesn't work
For me it says "Tinkers' Construct is missing mods it depends on. Include the following mods or remove Tinkers' Construct. Mantle 1.10.2-1.1.4 or above See 'fml-client-latest.log' for technical information."
Love the video Chad but you don't need brass for the cast, you can just use gold if you want. ?
911 Like!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Please help there is no aluminum in my game.
that was the most cringeworthy intro.
omg chad how does this mod run with a laptop fast slow laggy
What's that mod you're using to see all the recipe? i'm kinda curious about it :D
Does anyone know what's going on with Skydaz? I've tried to download this mod on 5 different days and every time I try downloading the .Zip file it gives be the .exe file
The machine is called the smeltermatron 5000
Put a chest near the Crafting Station and you can open the Chest when you open the Crafting Station. Huge help when crafting a decent amount of items or for a guide like this.
If you didn't get anything a few tips to get started Make sure you All tables Make sure you have Not Enough Items And Too many items ASAP Make sure you are rich you need to have alot of materials Make every affordable table or tool in this mod Mess around because you can make stuff like a iron pickaxe with a diamond stick and a gold back ect I'll leave more tips if this get likes
this is the best mod ever OMG
Do you play on a MacBook
YES YES YES YES YES
What Does Vers can apply that mod (Tinker's Consturck) plss OmgChad
OMGChat Litters.....
what modpack are you playing please
tenx
16:20 learning to spell with Chad
You're such a fucking manchild. Talk normally please; I can't understand wtf you are saying.
i love these
The weaponry book kinda looks like the new Knowledge book in 1.12.
If u put a NORMAL chest behind the crafting station you get the chest GUI as well as the crafting station
Sorry Chad
Cheers chav
how to get the mod
I can't change the molten in the machine What can i do
I'm?subscribing because of that Lion King reference
Do the ones come with the mod
alright just started using this mod, me and my gf have been playing minecraft while she's at college to keep in touch (discord for voice of course) and have absolutely fallen in love with SkyFactory 3 (something i had gotten interested in because Achievement Hunter had a blast playing it and made minecraft fairly "serious" (player-adaptive) to me in general.), and it comes standard with tinker's construct. But it didn't have a player manual in the sense you'd think. It's got a more... "everything in one" book, and doesn't warn you of some items nor alloys. SkyFactory also has several other amazing mods that i've yet to grasp the entirety upon. This quick review of it has helped me get this bloody smelter of mine finally running! (didn't have a faucet. spent 4 days trying to alter the design to realize such a simple missed item was all i needed! x_x) so now i can start getting better tools for me and the lass :3 thank you so much.
nice shirt!!
can you please make a video how to install Tinkers' Construct
I suck at this mod like I didn't even know how to make a smeltery thx chad
Can you fucking not talk as if every viewer is 10 years old, seriously.... ~sigh~
????????!!! ????? ???? ????????
WOW! this is a coincidence i was just playing tinkerers construct
someone answer me pls, so if or when it gets updated to 1.11.2 it comes with more ores or do I need more ores mod? cause I have one and I might delete it then...
such a literal intro. Tinker's plus Emerald/Obsidian tools/armor is my first mod(S). I've never been able to mod before as I use Mineshafter, but I found a loophole and I'm really excited.
fun fact i did something for the lucky blocks mod and lined to how to download it i didn't work but wen i downloaded this mod it work also love u chad
CANT  GET THE ORES
WHAT VERSION OF TINKERS IS THAT
Shitty fucking guide that doesn't work
Shit guide
can you do more tutorials on the mod pack big dig please im stuck on it and i see videos with so much good stuff but idk how to get there?
thanks man your the best iv been looking for so long on youtube and no one ever tells me how to make a stencil, thank you so much, now living the dream with my epic sword.
so does it have to be 3x3
Does he have Lipstick on?? or is he Gay
Who is watching in 2017/2018?
even tho this vid is outdated it still helped me a lot, thank you
can you make a tutorial for tconstruct 1.10.2?
this tutorial blows. not thought out at all and he doesn't even know how to use this mod. ffs
Most of the things are removed or changed in 1.10 :C
What mod has the aluminium and copper ores
God damn stop fucking SCREAMING to EMPHASIZE words
I tried to put sharpness on my sword but nothing happened.
chad why does it sound like you been drinking beer
So now you are trump? XD
It won't let me make patterns, I put a blank pattern in and when I choose a pickaxe head, nothing else happens.
Ah um, ahhhhh. Ahhh, um, um, ahh, ummm.....yeah
how do i get this modpack?
You can use gold instead of brass
how do you get that thing on the side ?
Its pronounced "man ill in" Manyullyn
You know that mod that when you hover over a block it shows you everything about it on the top of your screen and adds extra info to items like swords and stuff? Yeah I kinda want that mod , If you know the name please tell me :) Much Appreciated ( 1.11 )
OMG I DONT CARE ABOUT ANY OF THAT PART MAKING STUFF I JUST WANT TO KNOW HOW TO BUILD A SIMPLE SMELTERY
So guys is this modpack good? Im Russian so if any mistakes please forgive! Industrial craft 2 Minimap Tree capitator Tinker's Some extras like reverse Craft Table or Pocket Craft Table Build craft Railcraft? Damage indicator Smart moving...... Sounds good? Thanks!
i cant find aluminum and copper?
It's 2016, 1.11 is already out, but for some reason mods use to work on my computer but now they don't. Not even O.F. Do you know why?
what all mod you playing this video?
10:23 donald trumps infection XD
its pronounced manyoulin
LOL you have 551360 subs
wow seriously manyullyn best thing in tinkers
He said manyullyn as Man you lying
You could use gold for the cast
i have that mod but it freezes for 2 second every 2 second i walk
Orospu çocugu senin anani sikerim amina kodum
When i downloaded Tinkers Construct. It didn't give me the ore's. Like Aluminum, copper, tin. etc But I have all the tools for them
-- -- l (_____)
where you can get that minecraft
is he playin hexit?
lol I'm not scared at all by tinkers' construct, iv seen it in many videos and it doesn't seem very complicated.
It IS SO AWEASOME THANK YOU CHAD BUT CAN YOU PUT A LINK FOR MOD AND MANTLE PLZ
it is more modifiers. a nether star will give you mor modifier slots
Why cant i make a Wooden Pickaxe Head?
is there tinkers construct for mcpe
How to see the stats and the mining level on your pickaxe? Pls help me!!
How to see the stats and the mining level on your pickaxe? Pls help me!!
How to see the stats and the mining level on your pickaxe? Pls help me!!
you can also cast stuff with gold
Ay, it's Ochocinco
what mod did you use to see the names of the blocks you looked at?
can u get it on the phone
manyullyn is the best ingot in the tinkers construct i think
I CANT POUR DOWN THE SMELT ORES TO THE CAST THING. IT WONT LET MEH PLS HALP!
omg chad how do to make it so yo can 1.10 forge tern in to 1.7 ???
Orespawn
Cancer
dude, you're pretty confusing and incoherent at times. you need to prep your vids better.
It doesn't work if u click on the molten to put it on the bottom
hi .... im playing on sky factory 2.5 ( modpack ) and i dont think i can get the actuall ore and i only have the ingots would putting this ingot work?
You can use any metal for casting a casting plate, iirc.
how to dowload it't. please give me link
I just loaded this mod in and it started me with the tinkers construct volume 2 no volume 1 8(
I'm getting tired of all the MCPE Master ads... I'm already using it.
You can use gold instead of aluminum brass
CrackPack? where can i download this modpack
"666 likes..." Hits the like button "I Fixed it!"
did anyone else think he sounded drunk
yeah 1.7 but now 50.of this is gone ;(
did anyone see stacks of 111?
What a shirt xD
do a tutorial about buildcraft
What's the mod that shows the crafting recipe
Hahahaha your t-shirt is funny
can you make a guide for the 1.10.2 version of tinkerer's construct?
OMG
I need a premium account free please contact me in Facebook : Ardit G Ejupi
and this is just 25% part of tinkers construct... there were more, like traveler's set of armor, knapsack, adding more modifier space,blue slime, projectile, projectile shooter, smeltery automation, bigger smeltery, slime tree, extra TiC addons mod, best ingot (which is manyullyn for vanilla TiC, and Pokefenium for Extra TiC), Tools XP (Extra TiC addons), and a double compressed diamond hammer modifier for TiC hammers (addons from Ex Compressum), Etc.
Dat T-Shirt Do
Tinkers construct was updated for Minecraft 1.10.2
What model laptop does OmgChad have? Smart people plz help me
TC is one of my favorite mods ever, but I miss the old ball of moss and more modifiers system... Still it's such a great mod!! :D
Love tinkers i understand it so well
Chad you need to make more stuff like this very helpful
omgcraft pls how to download minecraft in PC for free pls pls pls pls omgcraft you are the best pls
hi chad , I am a great fan of yours and I think you should have a give away of minecraft games ......:)
chad how do you make your own resource pack because i cant find one i like
Hey Chad how will i know if i won the givaway or not?
why can't I make a tool forge?? I've tried SO hard but i can't make it! can anyone help?
Sorry but bye to ur channel :/
omg chad can you tell us how to mod minecraft windows 10 edition pls
i love your videos OMGchad
and now you do this yesterday I was struggling soooooo hard with this on sky factory 2.5
It's silent "U" in the Manyullyn and that type of alloy is one of the useful for tools
Why would anyone play this? Why add a whole collection of more tedious crap to minecraft?
Nice video, it's helpful for those who play modded minecraft and still know nothing XD
make a video about it
where to downlaod it pls tell me
hey, are you planing to do a new CTM map with GOB someday ? :)
Please change your intro
"Than you are going to build a wall." OMGTrump
outdated, the newest version of tcon is in 1.10.2
What is the topaz-coloured thing?
please do top 10 MCPE Mods..
1 or 2?
what happen if you jump into melted metal?
i know this mod
please make a minecraft let's play with this mod
Dat shirt dow
Thank's Chad. Love the tutorial and the shirt. Looking forward to the next mod you look at.
haha your t shirt is riddicilous i want it
Please i would love if you do a Buildcraft mod tutorial.
hi chad plz help me how to open a book in minecraft PE plz if you see this plz make a video
Omg Chad do you use a Mac
This video is 25 minutes and its long welll goooood
hey omgchad I'm making a map and your in it!!! I just want to know what kind of item you want for you custom enchanted item :D love your vids!
you forgot to mention that smeltery doubles the output of ores than using a furnace and that there is a great tinkers add-on known as iguana tweaks which is awesome.
please change your intro
Great job Chad, I always love your videos! Btw, the tool station is for the basic tools such as pickaxe, axe, shovel, etc., and the tool forge is mostly there to make higher level items like the hammer, excavator and such. : )
Did you see his skin it looked weird
Who's starting modded minceraft with only tinker's construct
THX
OMGChad i love this serie!
What about gold? can't you use gold for a mold thing and clay?
Protip: you can also use gold instead of aluminum brass. It does take longer to find, but it's a good use for gold. You can also make the smeltery as big as... 9x9 I think? Might be 7x7. You can make it as tall as you want too.
Explain about elevators, please.
Your shirt????????
omg he uploaded this right after I downloaded this mod perfect
you are stupid... you can make casing using molten gold...
Chad, please make another video for this, but higher level
Nice to shirt where can I get one ??????
Idea. Add mods to SkyBlock.
What modpack were you using in this vid?
what version
This way to much
You messed up on your editing a bit.
How do you download mods
nice Chad thx
1326. Not too late ;)
also u can use gold instead of brass to make casings
Great video Chad <# tinkers can be super complicated, you did a great job touching on the topic.
41th
Nice video
show us how to make a wither cobble gen
One of the first
You should've made this in 1.10...
legends says if your early chad will reply and i think its fake soo"
I am 18th to like
I just noticed that this channel is focused on children
omg i really needed this, i suck at this mod, thank you Chad
can you show us how to download the mod
8th like and 118th view
Love from morocco
9th!!!
Do modded surviva'
TOTALY NOT FIRST
hello
I love being ON TIME
Hi chad
fuck you
2nd
first
first comment
Don't forget to mash that thumbs up button! :D https://www.youtube.com/WorstExtrasEver- https://twitch.tv/WorstPremadeEver - https://twitch.tv/JakersJackets - https://twitch.tv/CathBait - Thanks for watching and have a great day! :)
That duck looked like it was on cocaine and is wanting another fix but cant cause its broke
One last one because I'm still laughing at Cath and still feeling bad about it: "Now it's a house with all your family." "Yeah, the in-laws." (rimshot)
Housekeeping
this brings back some memory's
Are u guys going to do fallout 76 when it comes out
U good cath?
Made my day!
QUACK
U ok hon?
My cheeks are sore from laughing and smiling so much good job
oh hello there again
Yay you uploaded I love you guys
I will fucking kill you ... 2 sec later You ok hon?
Ellis my favourite type of salt
So glad I came back and watched the rest of this vid!
1:41 heres a Idea, Have it so on the Inside their's a Preasure Plate so when someone steps on it the Door Opens and Shuts automatically when they Leave, And when they open it to come in when they step on the Plate it will shut the door.
I feel like a failure missing one of your videos ._.
How did You make the server????? I need your help!
ALEX IM GOING TO MURDER YOU, CLOSE THE DOOR XD that had my in tears
Also, I love how Alex screams "CAAAAATH!!!" and runs outside, then Cath comes up from the basement like 'Is he gone?' XD
How to trigger Jake: Place or remove a torch. How to trigger Ellis: Leave the door open. How to trigger Matt: Harm his flowers. How to trigger Alex: Misplace his fences. How to trigger Cath: Lead an invasion of cows into her house. And that, Cath, is why everybody picks on you. Cath-rage is like shiny Pokemon; fundamentally just like all the others, but so rare that people go out of their way to find it and feel highly rewarded when they get it anyway.
PLEASE DO MORE MINECRAFT PLEASE
Have you guys played ARK: Evolved? If not then you guys really should. I think you'll make it 10X funnier.
Lol
I literally laughed when Jake always blaming on Ellis
7:44 = https://youtu.be/GKkDI7EIQrw?t=20
First video I have ever seen of you guys and it was amazing. Congrats on the new sub.
Cath’s rage was the best
CLOSE THE FUCKIN DOOR I relate to this quote
GIVE ME MA FUCKING 3 DOORS I CRAFTED YOU BELLEND!
Jawas shark doodoo doo
Y'all saying Ellis is your spirit animal ALEX IS MY FLIPPIN' SPIRIT GUARDIAN
mmmmmmmmmore ples!
U ok hon!?!?!?
Hang on, I think I've finally figured them all out. Jake = Cookie Monster Matt = Elmo Cath = UniKitty Alex = an actual sulky narwhal (sulky because he majored in business and now has piles of student loans and a job he hates) Ellis = Eric Trump How'd I do?
cath is the person who mood swings from scared to "wtf" matt is the person that is blamed for the creeper ellis is the person who laughs and goes back to WWII after the creeper and jake pickes the dead person remains and goes "are you dead" when they are dead.
EEEELLLLIIIIISSSS
Who are these guys?
jaw-was was here :) i bet you guys were not housekeeping but looting peoples chests :D
i cannot stop replaying the part where alex screams "CAAAATH" it just sounds so funny i'm in tears
Weeeeee neeeeeeeeed moreeeeeeeeeeee
Alright everyone, place your bets: What will be the next shirt in the WPE merch store: #1: Ellis's Precious Metal Club official member #2: Tactical Snake Placement #3: Tasty Wheat #4: I <3 Migraines #5: Coral in a Boral
thank god youre still upload video
MOAR MINECRAFT
I'm late af, but that was hilarious
You lot might just reinvent minecraft videos and you guys haven't even tried different mods yet!!!
I replayed the part where Alex and Ellis were yelling at each other about doors and fences so many time XD Def my favourite moment of the video
Oh gee, silent rage Ellis in this game is actually scarier because of that skin he has
I found your channel a week ago and I can’t get enough of it
Ahhh a normal game of minecraft with the wpe sniffff ah the smell of salt
The karma at the end xD and omg hon, the amount of effort put in the sub (especially the ENDEERRRRIIIII) (????)?*:·?? On a side note, Cath sounds raw with rage, :')
Did I just travel back in 2012 or something?
" U okay hon? Pm me" ?????? that killed my jaw
Cath, U K HON?!?, And also remember Jake preys on the weak, But why he no prey on himself???
MY LOVELY FLOWERS!
Subbed.
WTF
All the rage from cath to ellis so much love involving between those two xD
FINALLY someone hates the shark song 3:05
im half raging at what people are doing because i would HATE if someone ruined my house but i also love the banter so im laughing my ass off....
How do you only have 81k subscribers you deserve a million
you okay hon?
Awesome streams bro ????
Jake falling and dying and Cath's rage at all the cows invading her house killed me, this is great. Also that new intro with the channels is fuckin slick, I don't know why but I adore it
I love how nostalgic Minecraft is for me. I remember when I first got it and my sister and I were so excited. We came home and found it on our computers and it was amazing. I wanna buy it again, since the first copy I had of it was on my computer that I dont have access to anymore.
U OK HON?! ??
On another note, I'd like to point out the irony of someone who self-identifies as a "miserable maggot" being insulted by the insinuation that she is related to cows. To whose defense is everyone coming? Cath or the cows? Kind of calls to mind every time in prison that an ax murderer cusses out a sex offender.
Bruh the rage is REAL love you guys
6:54 It means there’s an imminent cave-in coming- UHHH!
JAKE STAHP LEAVEN DA DAMN DOOR OPEN!
WHY DID I NEVER GET THE NOTIFICATION
WHAT THE YOU FUCKING LUNATIC HOW THE FUCK CAN RAGE IN MINCARFT
I heard people shouting my name-
Jake, jake. What? You know I love you right? You DID take the torches didn’t y WAAAAAAAAAAAH! splat INSTANT RAGE!
Cath gets upset when cows invade her home. Technically that happens every day to her (not sorry ellis)
pushes friends off a tree 200 stories in the air and tells down UK HON
Now I just want to sub ya!
Jawas t-shirts lol
Could you do a last year the nightmare gameplay it's like dead by daylight but it's new and cool
Can anyone link me the texture pack that was in the first clip, all the ones I found were full of viruses
I like how Alex ran outside screaming "CAAAAAAAAATH" and then Cath came from downstairs.
Man a lot of rage inducing shit happened in this one
MOM THIS IS NOT A PHASE IT'S MINECRAFT! XD
4:10 the best rage ever ????????
Does anyone know jakes IGN?
i want more!!!
Minecraft 5 year old rage
This is my most favorite video so far. thx guys P.s also my favorite part of the video is where cath literally rage because of cows and complaining about how shitty you guys are 4:11
Make a Jawas shirt
poor cath xD
Confused me in the first bit, took me awhile to realize it was from Ellis' perspective
Awww poor Jake:( Migraines fucking suck. I hope it went away quickly! ?
This video made me laugh so much! Also in other videos it's always Ellis raging because of Jake and now it's Jake because of Ellis XD
9:35 my lil bro and me almost everyday. I'm Jake, he's Ellis ??
Keep posting ur video ur make my day and We Always Love Youuuuuuuahhhhhh
???? hilarious upload, thanks for sharing it!!!
Mmh I think I'm gonna add French subtitles on your videos
1:05 I was screaming at my screen "DON'T DO IT JAKE IT'S A TRAP!" lmfao
Leerooyyyyy!!!!love your vid guys keep it up
"We're playing Minecraft. This is supposed to be a calm and relaxing stream." Jake is saying this to the people that could start a shouting match during a funeral about what's the better stream meme: Housekeeping or anything that has to do with angry Cath.
HOUSEKEEPING!!! :D
This is so far the best episode
Its so nice to see you guys grow from 5K to 80K
I have a dirt home in mc or a hole
Who's lanky man?
I love these videos so much
I don't think you understand how much I love your videos. If you were to make a 72 hour compilation of you guys just playing random games. Welp there goes sleep and school. You are and always have been my favorite channel. Keep up the great work!
You guys should do this more often! :D
8:05 Matt remember when yo- (swipe) annnd Jake just killed one...AND MY FLOWAS YOU F*CKING INCONSIDERATE ARSEHOLE!
Lololololololololololololololol????????????????????
Dang how can you play during a migraine?? I can't even walk lol
Just amazing I genuinely could not stop laughing
#EELLLLIISSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSS
When I wish that I did this on Minecraft myself.
It said that Jake was killed by 'intentional game design'. I don't play Minecraft, well I tried once but couldn't really get into it, so what does that mean, 'killed by intentional game design'?
I will only ever tune in to Caths channel. Cath number 1 <3
FNAF scream at 5:25
My new favorite channel 1000% I'ma get all my friends to subscribe to you <3
4:20: Aww, Cath, you know they all love you. That's why they save all the really good, effort-extensive stunts for you. No, really, think about it: How many times has Cath been deliberately blown up by Matt or Ellis? Now compare those figures to Jake's. Also, I love how Cath chases out of her virtual house the man with whom she shares an actual physical house in real life. That's either great composure or great immersion on her part.
I've been having a really bad month and this just made everything so much better. Thank you guys!
Random block underground tHATS MY FOOKIN’ HOUSE YA BASTARD
6:30: Don't forget that time in The Forest when you caught him hoarding dead bodies. ;-D
Rip Alex’s Keyboard
Did Alex ever get his fences back?
I swear it’s the first time Cath has finally released her rage at everyone
Alex wants his fences ??????. He has so much rage ????????
I like when you saw hon, when someone died xD
You delayed my studying for 10 minutes. Thankyou
I WAS HOPING YOU GUYS WOULD PLAY MINECRAFT
I stopped watching adventure time to watch this. Do you have any idea how important you gotta be to stop me from watching my damn cartoons?! Lol thanks for another funny video.
Jake I love how you didn't believe Ellis when he said it was a part waiting to cave in and you just had to test it ??
I've found your channel yesterday and now I'm binge watching all of them You guys are really funny :D
I was here for one of the streams Edit: OMG MY SENPAI’S NOTICED MEH OMG OMG OMG OMG OMG (Sorry bout that)
:breaks through the roof: HOUSEKEEPING 3:09 OH GOD NO NOT BABY SHARK
XD I'm crying that was too funny
The original vids were so freakin hilarious xD This makes it better. Breaks into the underground house "Oh ffs!" Jake: "Hehe... housekeeping!"
More. Minecraft.
that scream made me laugh so much
You guys were such arseholes to Cath in this stream
I want More, K hon?
Yes Minecraft
you guys are the best i cant stop laughing like a maniac omg my head hurt from all this laughter..oh u guys make my day i love you all
No one else other than you guys can make me laugh every video ?? I can watch videos over and over, still being able to laugh ????
Caths salt littery made me cry lmao
You guys should do a sot vid where you sing the pirates of the Caribbean theme
Y’all are so noobs in minecraft
Hilarious
Good god all mighty and I think making a house is bad yeesh.
I loved watching ur live stream Yeeeeeeees
U k hon?
Is it just me or does Ellis sound like Chris Moyles when he gets angry??
i wanna see you playing Terraria, that will be fun :)
Hello, how much cost delivery from merch to Poland???
You guys managed to ruin Minecraft... When can I sign up!?
Ohhh yes the gang is back ! Love your video !
1:03 You fell for the oldest trick in the book. Come on, man!
Just one building trick from me (maybe a bunch) If you tale logs and place them so they are diagonal to the corners of the House it would look so much better, also in that underground base you’ve got. You are need to frame the staircase with some logs. For further building tips go to a Channel called Grian on yt. PS i cant remember if you had your area lighted up, but if you light up your entire area with some torches, leds mobs is gonna spawn. OKAY
Ok I want this freaking shirt! buys it Well....
Play UNO
Thank gods i thought it was another live stream
Miss playing minecraft
1 like to let Cath have something nice without it getting shat on Cath-Abuse is no laughing matter
i hate the weird splodgey bit
Another great film
<3
Fuck! I've missed so many of your guys videos since I've been working on my exhibtion for school
QUACK
YEEEES THE QUACK T-SHIRT :) I WAS WAITING FOR IT
That was hilarious!
quack
I love you guys so damn much, and once again... Ellis is my spirit animal
3:32 IT’S JAWAS
QUACK
I love the skins
poor cath
Gotta axe you an honest question : What is that gurgling noises in game? Also, I like cawfee
i fuking love this shit i swear you guys remind me of my mates and it freaking hilarious XDD
I once commented on a WorstExtrasEver video that there was more salt in the video than twitter the day after Trump got elected but this is like Trump election and Brexit all in one.
ELIS WHATS MY TING MADE OF
U K HON?!
Goddamnit, I literally just got that Baby Shark song out of my head yesterday!
Thanks for the laughs. ^^
Please do another dead by daylight video they're the best!! ??
Never thought Minecraft can be this funny... then again I am on this channel.
I dont think some of you had seen videos for new Minecraft players :P
I skipped class just to watch you guys slowly go insane worth it! :D lol jk I’m sick
Creeper say hi! And blow you up!
quack I can say whenever you guys are together someone goes insane and another rages until they lose their voice and mind ??
These are really underrated
Just because my profile picture is a hamster it does not make me a furry stop calling me that or go find the closest river and drown your self in it XD
Yay another rage video
You lot just made a trend where u need to piss off every friend online so much they make a peaceful game a fucking clusterfuck. Seems that what happens to your every gaming sessions.... Lol
U K Hon
Lol
Hahhah awesome vid bro :)
How do to guys not lose your voices when you scream IIIIII WILL ALWAAAYYYYYS LOVE YOUUUUAHHHHH
So, can we make Minecraft relevant again?
I really want "any day now!!" T-Shirt rn.. Also, did you die on 8:33 ? Cus there's a creeper there
Jake is an absolute sausage tickler!!!!! Cath is awesome. Matt is a wanker.
Lovely
Play terraria
Watching this video made me realize what me and my friends actually look like while playing minecraft xD
I just watched the twitch ver. of this vid....It is so funny!!!
Two words: Crazycraft Modpack. Have fun.
early xd
4:06 is litterally me shouting at my Friends when playing minecraft…. i feel ya there cath...
I dont like Minecraft but I like you Guys!I will look the Video anyway??(Sorry for my bad English I'm from Germany).
if you guys still plan do make another minecraft video, i recommend a mod called electroblob's wizardy, i think it would be fun seeing you guys exploring it
dies u ok hon?, *next falls and dies again*u ok hon? Ur dead now but u ok hon? ??
Love you dads( and mom)
Please more, fuck its sooo funny. Btw enjoy y'all videos, sooo entertaining
Drops in announced "Housekeeping!"
The whole WorstPremadeEver crew be like Subscriber: Hey, how you doin Whole WPE crew: Well I'm doin just fine I lied I'm dying inside
Last time I was this early..... I've actually never been this early
QAUCK!!
Stopped learning for this. Your Videos are Gold man
Not y'all too! Doo doo doodoo doodoo
I pity cath ?? the cows invaded her house ??
Love ya streams man
Notification squad where are you at
I stopped everything I was doing to watch this. Y’all don’t understand how much I love you????
Hahaha quack ahahaha I love it quack ??
Nice edit jake??
those skins are the best!
Merch
Meh Discord name is CrazyPleb??
Hi
Funneh your rich name would be moneh
Funneh CALLAB WITH my best friend LuniFrenzy on Roblox\nHer channel is iiPhinxxii gamingQ u have to spell it right in order to find it it's a Roblox channel
Rich people eat Money!
money funneh
Hey are you guys single????
OMG FRIEND ME ON ROBLOX QUEENOFCAT2007
PINIANO the fancy 2018 term for piano lol
Pretty pretty pretty pretty pretty pretty pretty pretty with a thousands cheries on top.please do more crew craft. I REALLY REALLY want it back.
Funneh did you remember last time you guys exploded lunars house
I GOT YOUR MURCH WHEN IM IN PHILIPINES AND I GOT MY FIRST HAMSTER OMG OMG
Lazy people fact is when ur too lazy to read all those books xD
Pin-at-no
OH MEEE GOD!!! 3 MILLION!?!? GOOD JOB FUNNEH!!!!! PUT IM FACECAM NOWOWOWOWPWOOWOW
The owner of the house is right here and he's white
I really want the plushies but I can’t have them :(
Play blox surfers is like subway Surface
Give me money mom? Mom:No me: WAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA runs like  the sonic runs threw the wall mumbles waaaaaaaaaaaa  mumble SCREAMS* WAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA GIVE ME MONEY WAAAAAAA IM SUCH ALEB WAAAAA turns head to the side finds ?? money* YAY crashes into the wall again buys  the new Krew merch Mom: what are you doing??? Me: nothing...... runs away with krew plushness MUHAHA YASSS
Is it just me or dis I hear Draco say Funneh look there's a shi# lol instead of ship lol
LOL THE START OF THE VIDEO
lets go to he yaght! nu lets go to court XD
Tg elite is better then you funneh
im buying the  Holiday Merch! and this video is perfect
Lunar: I see the darkness... again....\n\nMe: AGAIN?! What do you mean again?
GET TO THE CHOPPA!
I want the slushies but I can't cuz it's too expensive
More stuff more stuff more luxury more money\n\nMe:I can't even steal a food in our refrigerator -_-
Todays Mah Bday 12!????
FLOOF IS FOR SALE? buys
Will there ever be a mini plush version of the toys???
Nooooooooo:(
Give me money mom mom: sure? Me: AHHHHHHHH YAY AHHHHHHH. crashes threw wall falls to the floor* Mumbles*im okay! MUMBLE SCREAMS* YAY KREW MERCH YASSSSSSS mom:wat....the. ...heck....?????
????
HOOMAN- 0:00
Now I Know what 30$ chain is ????
Guys What s with the maxions
Play.    Royo.  High      new.    Tings.   PLEASE  SSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSS  SSSSSSSSS
Please, update your server!!!!!!
Funneh can you check your Roblox friend and then go to request I want to be your friend plssss or you don't want to be my friend I will go to died tomorrow
Early!
*love
Funneh I lovr you so much that my phone is covered with you and the krew and I am saving for everything that you have as merch ??????
LOVE UR VIDS
WHEN DO YOU MAKE A NEW VID TO MOROW CAN IN ROBLOX
Omg You Guys All Rich For Me Because I LUV Tomato Chips  Uwu  You Guys Look Fancy On That Outfit I'm A Pleb (???????)?
J
MAKE MORE COOL VIDS DO MORE MURDER MYSTERY 2
Is the krew feeling YACHT today? WHO ELSE LOVES FUNNEH :3
Oh they have a gate but what is the point of the gate if you can just do this(Draco)
Lol! Can You Steal For Meh. Thanks.....lol
Funneh can u play royale high and try to get the light halo?
I'm calling the police!
hi fuuneh this is my mom acant  i LOVE YOUR VIDS your family is so COOL
My mom and my dad making pizza??????????????
My hamster died today and I am still very sad,this video cheered me up but I’m still a bit sad.If you like that would make me happy.
Oh I was playing this today
YASSSSS IM ALOUD DEM I AM CANADIAN
Im always late...
( spawn comment by amber the daughter of 7 to 8 year old )
For every like I will try and put a ??\n\n??
im getting the squishies
I really want all the plushies
Find the diffrence! If you lose you lose\nIf you win you Win! Ready Set Go!\n\nEasy!\n\n????????????????????\n????????????????????\n????????????????????\n????????????????????\n\nNormle!\n\n??????????????????\n??????????????????\n??????????????????\n??????????????????\n\nHard!\n\n??????????????????\n??????????????????\n??????????????????\n??????????????????\nIf you won congrats!\nIf you lost you losed!\n \n\nHope you guys like it:)!
??
It's rainbow sick?? ????
I love you hoomans /krew
Hi
I’m going to ask my mom to buy (the merch) this for my for Christmas I just can’t. By the way, does that come with floof?! Omg! I love you funneh and the KREW! ??????????
I AM!!!!!! I LOVE U GUYS SOOO MUCH<3 u????????????
Why hello there hooman
I have your wallpaper picture of you and the crew
Richy
Hi <3
Omg yaws <3 play royal high tho there’s new accessories :)
Add friend me funneh I'm a fan
Hi funneh and the krew I really love your channel I wish I can see you in real life
Lunar will always be the first to want to be evil
At 9:20 it sounded like he said the s word!
9:20 draco said the sh** word
Hey funneh ??
FUNNEH you broke the BBQ XD. That's what my sister does she Blames me even if it was her falt XD
AHHH IM GETTING THE STUFFIE ANIMALS :J
DRACO WHYYYYY
Funneh took the last hit and she said \"Who just broke it?!\" XD
Yass thief Funneh! ?????????????? Love you Funneh! Please notice me! ????????
Funneh looks like a thug \n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\no o f
Omg I love ur channel
Its funny
Gold's getting crazyy for that luxury stuff
Hi
fuunnhe yor cool\n;3
Late squad is where I am ;-;
Luv those
Play this game again plz
I want to be pinned funneh  video was great
Hi
i love you guys
I want that merch gift birthday :)
Funneh's rich name should be Monneh. \n????????????????????????????
hahaha when everyone was running away
(Let me get my russian  accent ready)\nGET INTO THE CHOPPER
I wove u channel!
16:50 Funneh... YOU BROKE IT (look at her hand)
IM LOVE YOU PET ????
r u wearing ur poppy for remembrance day
Draco Break a Chair\nDraco: You See Nothing\nDraco Walk Away
I want more :3
I love your vids!!!
ME TO ??????
People say if you say the creators name five times they heart you \nFunneh\nFunneh\nFunneh\nFunneh
Do a role play with gizzy gazza please!
Im 2 Hours Late ;(  Because I Was At The Movies Watching  The Grinch 2!
Great,<,,
I am so sorry my iPad wasn’t even charging at all
I think Draco said the s word 0-0
Bruh lmaooooooo0
The man draco says is the owner looks like Donald trump
Make a vide of draw my life of droco
I bought more merch
Funneh do one life
Funneh thank you for everything. \nIf it wasnt for you i would just be a 11 year old boy in indonesia who has nothing to do but sleep . You are the best
Krew pls do more on the luxury life it’s fun
I always want new merch!! But i cant buy it pls notice me
LUNAR GONE CRAZY
Pls play more one lie:)
funneh have a kid irl
Funneh the song you put at the end was the nuttcracker
Krew I fond a new song please lisn to it the name of it is stick together on gachaverse on you tube
hey funneh waz up!!!
pnyano
hey funneh waz up!!!
Yeeeeeeees
Funneh my br-day is nov.13\nI am happy to watch your awesome videos
If Funneh was rich her name would be Moneh!!! ????????????XD
You saw nothing!
Hi Funneh I love the new merch that you have right now my user is princesslbb44 in roblox
Funny I love your videos
no Gucci ,mucci,lucci  in this holy place
??it but where is KREWCRAFT!?!?!?
Ya yeet
FLUFFF\nOUR DOGGO  KING HAS ARRIVED
What map is it
wish I could buy the all the plushie but too bad I can't get them ??????
My favorite part is the end????\n\nDraco: *gets chair * You saw nothing!??
Just saiding whatever is the title of itfunneh videos I named them after the KREW PUSHIE
funneh,can you do more videos like this plzz
WHERE IZ KREW Craft PLssss
MORE LATER  STEALING ALL THE KREW PUSHIE!!!!!
My name is Nouchi but some of my friends calls me guchi ??
When I was watching this,I had brownies with milk,had a blanket on me,next to a fireplace in a cold day,watching itsfunneh,THE BEST THING EVERR
Who saw at 9:17 Draco sweared
Yay the perfect b day gift
I wish I had all of those merchandise but I don't have any money rn and It Was SOOOOOOO CUTE WHEN ALVIN WAS IN THE PILE OF PLUSHIES!!!
Funneh said shut up to Draco lol XD AND FUNNEH I MAH GET YOUR PLUSHIE!
ARE YOU MADE OF THE LUXURY LIFE LOLEZ
I WANT ALL OF THEM BUT I CANNOT AFFORD ????
Are you sure this wasn't a survival world??
Here we have the Krew’s furries dying by floof let’s see the habitat
I thought it's funneh was going to go in her home like last time
I want MERCH
Ther is a blue   Boats
Hey Funneh!!! Please accept my Roblox friend request I am really wanting to make a vid with you my username is Soop3rpuppy
What about 1life
Its my sister bday \nI dont lie
Itsfunneh\nItsfunneh\nItsfunneh\nItsfunneh\nItsfunneh ??
T.T
Hi
ITS REMEMBRANCE DAAAYYYYYY
Plushes and me and the krew are made TOGETHER ??
It is  so much  money
I want those plushies!!!!!!!
opps nvm
Draco is about stealing some LUXURY stuff!!!
About the merch is it 500 of each or 500 all together please reply
Hey funneh can I ask you a question umm so we already saw ur face right\nBut can u start showing your face on camera please!
You mack me smile and i love your videos keep up the good work!
16:05 ?????? ???????????? ?????? ?????????
Minecraft and roblox  for life
Hi!!!!
I wanted the squishys\n\n\n*but they were too expensive *\n\n;-;
omg I love you vids  i been watching this since I was 5\n????????
Save me some squishe krew pls plz
I would love to play minecraft .... But it cost too much money for the app:(
I dont like Draco he stole your furniture without asking
BodyGuards:YOU MADE A MISTAKE!\n\nMe:YOU ARE A MISTAKE!!!!!!ROASTED W
Funneh: *Saw book *  uhm uhm....\n*looks throught the book * uhh i'll read that later...\nMe: i think you're never gonna touch that book again!
can you please do more one life in minecraft and roblox  bedwars
Ugh oops in my house I threw up a bit of food
Today is my little Brothers B-I-R-T-H-D-A-Y!
Play bloxbug on Roblox please please itsFunneh. ????
Lol ??????
sorry i don't get the video but I LOVE THE STUFF ANIMALS :D
RIP HELICOPTERS\n\n2018-2018\n\n??????
Pls put the plushes price a bit down pls pls !!!!!
14:55
do one life piz I love  it plz do it
Luxury life \nMoney=luxury\nLuxury is money \nLots of likes=1M dollars
I want all the merch but my whole family won't let me
I read all of that and it was so longggggggggggg ahhhhh
Can you play zombie rush in roblox
Can I friend you on Roblox please
SO MANY CANT PICK
Your videos are awesome!!! Like if you agree!
FRIST.......
Who wishes they could get pinned or get a heart from funneh?\nI do.
I’VE ORDERED ALL 5 PLUSHIES ????
u ar the best funneh
Im not being selFISH hahaha
WATTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTT
You guys are robbers that’s the point of the game hahah
If the krew was rich:*this video*
IM PLAYING TOWER UNITE AND I THINK I FOUND THR KREW!!!!
Lol I’m late
Rip bbq
Can you please play booga booga I want to play with you like if you saw my commitment so I know if you're going to play it my name in Roblox is random peoples2
Do gachaverse reactions
Im so broke \nI can't get it because\nIts not shipping in the philippines\nAnd im broke ;-;
Love you funneh !
Why do people bother watching this if there just gonna dislike
Where’s krew craft
Hi pls a shoutout
What happened to the one life episodes?
I think you should get a face cam
I love your channel more than any challenge in the world but my parents don’t let me watch roblox so please do more music necraft
everytime I look at the merch I cry [ says is sad voice ]I would be able to if I still had ureos from spain but we spent it all [ cries ]
Haha! Draco at the end! \n“You saw nothing” ??????
I’m Getting  3 Of The Plushies For My Birthday And 2 For Christmas XD \n(Because my birthday is on Xmas)
Hi my name is Sarah
It  should be  the  krew's and tell draco to com down ok Funeh
Hi funneh
Doo give away
plz can you do a part two this vid was awesome:)
Soo cool
k just so u know I got an idea for a series called THE CRIB CRASHERS!!!(roblox series)and u do what u guys did in this game
Funneh pls play some more Minecraft bedwars again! I miss it so suchhhhhh dhdhebdjdjdjsjsbdvdhcuglsbaif??????
I BOUGGT THE SQUSHIES YESSS
LOL DRACO STOP STEALING WE ALL SAW IT XD ??????????
DRACO STOP STEALING FURNITURE! ??
I like you
DELICIOUS MONEY LOL ??
I can’t get it either ??????????
Love you guys great vid
funneh I'm late BTW. I... well I was trick  or treating in Halloween And IMA say happy late b day love u My b day was my wish my wish was I wish  I see u in real and get a New merch
it was soo funny when draco kept steeling
Haha I love youuu
I LOVE YOUR Video FUNNEH
NO I l'm the one made for luxury life
Today at 12 pm I bought the same pack 2 lol
I am going buy plush but idk when
and dot fik l’m agrana
For once I'm early
l’am a big fan !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! ??????????????????????????
MORe FUNNEh MORE!!!!
So the dogs for sale... Say good bye to alven
l love you fonny
I like the fancy luxury house ??????
LUXURY PATATOS COMING THROUGH!! THERE GOING TO BE THE THE NEW JAKE PAUL????
OMG !\ndot stil jroko
U kno minecraft upgraded watch  stacys vidioe of minecraft changes
ITSFUNNEH I BEG YOU I WILL SEND ALL MY FUNNEH MEMES IF YOU PLAY DANCE YOUR BLOX OFF I BEG YOU!!!
Bless you rainbow or whoever sneezed
hi itsfunneh
The love is real
I love you funny
The Gucci life
18 minutes of the crew not finding a home
Yay i'm early for this episode!!!  Yay!
T^T I so sad\n\nToo make me happy I have to get likes\n\nThe most likes I get the more we love itsfunneh
Funneh can you do more videos about on life
I hate draco
Make more vids so we can see your face
Hey funneh sorry I’m late I was at my race I’m so happy that I finished it from all of the people that gave me good luck they must’ve wanted me to do my best
[00]_
Draco gat no chill with this luxury things
Can you play meepcity and decorate your castle
FUNNEH
I bought the Draco squishy :3
Yet
Funneh had been bad pleb woop woop dats the sound of da police
In funneh language piano is said like Pin-yano
lol
I tapped so fast it was private but then I left lol
Hai funneh I love ur vida bc they are funneh and interesting
YEEEEEEEE
XOPOOR XOXAD
Funneh gang funneh gang funneh gang funneh gang! DOGS where do u get dense games :00
:funnehlove:
16:32  \nBlessed you\nWho every sneezed it was kawii
Funneh give those cute animal plushes ;-;
There is a legend that if you say the itsfunneh’s name three times you will get pinned.\n\n\nItsfunneh \n\nItsfunneh \n\nItsfunneh \n\n\n;D
Play roblox
Hi robbers your under arrest ??
Funneh play more Human fall flat eith more friends
THE KREW ARE MADE FOR THE LUXURY LIFE~ \nBling bling!!\nBtw  the plushies are so cuteeeee!!!! I wanna buy them all but my allowance is not enough..???\n\n\n\n\nAchooo! is that rainbow?..
IM A BIG FAN
that picture is creepy ??
You should have taken the moder clkl
Hey funneh can you lower the price on the plushie I want ONE but it WAYYYYYYYY TO PRICY $120 SRSLY FOR ONE PLUSHIE
the luxury lifeeeeehhhhhh
(Goes and buys all of the Funneh plushies) My life is now complete.
Plebs forever
I mean when are y’all going to start krew craft
Why everything so expensive in the shop I wish it was like a £1 ?? I’m broke
When’s are y’all going to start keep craft again
Yass
The 70 peeps we. Disliked are not ready for luxary
When you tell your friends that you're rich and they say prove it...
Funneh
Hey Funneh me and my friends are going to become youtubers we want to know what you use to record your videos
I’m kinda ??
IM AN EaRliEr POTATO ??
my parents would not let me bye the merch sorry
Loved it
OMG THE PLUSHIES are cute but I can’t get em ??????????
Squishies!  ????I think I'm getting them!  \n\nBut love this!!!!!!
I have that map
Love your video
??????????????????
??
Funneh it's your house because you went through the portal first.
NOTICE ME PLZZZZ
Heyo Krew!
Yandere high¿¿¿¿¿¿¿\n\n(:() rip
If you cant get the plushies/squishes ask for them for Christmas!
Can I have a shout out plz
FUNNEHHHH
Hai
Floof can you share your plushies...no...Okay
Can u do a minecraft ROLEPLAY Like if u agree
Lunar looks swaggy
OMG HI THERE :D
It's not a luxurious if it doesn't have a potato machine.
Hi funneh,I wanna be rich like y'all -~-
Lo
SUB TO SUB?
Hey funny Facebook for people on roblox of number three bath three you can beat them in there is a new thing in the store
You tried the life of luxury you didn’t like it so... TIME TO BE ROBBERS
Who's been here since 1M. I have. ??
I love how there is every coulor but purpel i think ??
:o I LUV THE STUFFIES!
??????????????????????????\n??????????????????????????\n??????????????????????????\n??????????????????????????\n??????????????????????????\n????????????????????????????????????????????????????\n??????????????????????????\n??????????????????????????\nI love watching you
XD Lunars mistake 12:13
KREW
Funneh can you play cup head with aphmau?
I'm a BIG FAN. Leave a Dumes up if your a big fan
friend me in roblox im folloing you i have you goch hodie pls pls pls pls pls friend me i will cry if you dot
Can you plz tame a beaver Justin beaver ????????
Yay!!!!!!you're doing more of this season
It$funneh
We got dem thieves in the luxury life xD
Parte 2
last time i was this early einstein was alive.
When can you do more roplay
bRuhhhhhhhhhh i love how funneh thought it was her house but then the truth was revealed ????(?????)
THERE'S A NEW MEME FOR DRACO HE STEALS AND THEN SAYS U SAW NOTHING
british rich people eat snails ewww yuck
Tasa that life is money luxury’s life yay
funneh can you upload vids more often like tow times a day
Funneh what is going on with yander high  school
This is hilarious ??
I'm 1 hour late but Its ok bc I can still watch it :D
I love the fancy outfits! The Krew is so expensive now ??p.s the dogo standing inside the plushies is so adorable??
Potatoes
The crew plushies cost to much TwT to be exact 200$ TWT
Cool
thats what i learned today
Rumors are if you say a youtubers name three times they will pin you\n\n\n\n\n\nItsFunneh\nItsFunneh \nItsFunneh \n\n\n\nHopefully this works!\nLove you Krew fam!????????????
Love this video \nThis vid deserves 10M + likes
When funneh says “we broke guys” she opens her inventory and she’s got stack and stacks of cash and diamonds and just expensive stuff ??
Give me the money bro ??????????????????????????
LUXURY PUPPY ?? ????
Yasssss money??????????
when i ask people to donate they siad stuff like work loser
I CANT AFFORD THE PLUSHIES IM BROKE ;-;
Love this video
Love u funneh
in roblox in bloxburg
Guys go back to when Draco said the word ship at 9:11 comment if u think he said something else or it sounded like he did!
THE DOG
no one cares if u get scammed
ya yeet
its funneh i learned today that...................
Heey
Funneh van u make your plushies be available in greece please i need them and i have to pay more euros to take them please make them available to countries with euros pleeeaase i need it !! But i cant spend a lot of money..
Funneh can you do more human fall flat????????????
Hello Krooomans \n\nGet my moneyz from my mansion\nDoes that sound familiar\n(The beginning) 0:00\n Also selling my replay time get for free.\n0:00\n0:00\n0:00\n0:00
I havepush r n
??????????\nThese hearts are for the Krew...\nIf you really love the Krew like this comment. If you don't that means you don't love them\nI liked my comment because I love the Krew ??
Yesterday I saw one of your fan with your plushie
Oofer gang
Hi sorry I was late
Hi funneh????????
Hi funneh u are the best in youtube
Cool
HIIII FUN-EH   You have the best potato vids??????
OMG THOSE CUTE STUFFIESSSSSSS AHHHHHHHHHHH!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!}!!!
I WANT DAT PLUSHIEEEEE BUY NOW YAASSSS
Omg  funneh your so funny get it
This is the luxury life XD
Think your made for this life? Think your made for the luxury life? SO FUNNY! XD
*Part of the Gucci Gang Club* ????
This is my scariest story \nClick if you dare\n\n\n\n\n\nSo basically I was watching ItsFunneh and I was eating POTATO CHIPS \nA-and I looked down... and I..\nI HAD NO POTATO CHIPS\nI called the police.They hung up\nI call the potato sorority and they broke down my house\nBut then they made my house out of potato chips but...\nTwo seconds later I had no home  \nOne like = one potato chips for me
1 hour later OMG IM HERE YAS
Bootiful!
LaTe BeCaUsE WiFi WeNt OuT
the end tho
Oof
?°?
Can you play The Who is the murderer in minecraft?! Plz its sooo good
I Love U GUYS SOO MUCH POTATOS 4 LIFE
Your the best YouTube channel ever
I reallyyyy want the krew squshies
Can you do bedwars but can you make a sky-tower next time  if you see this comment.
Plz make part 2?
Yayyy im sooo excited im getting ur merch for xmas
Dicth rainbow
Sorry im late
I might get one but I will have to wait two weeks to get the money....And hopefully I am aloud to get one :)...Wait....IMMA TRY TO GET EM ALLL
That looks like my dog XD 4:06
YESSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSS KREW, YASSSSSSSS!
ITS MY BIRHDAY TOMORROW!!!!!!! ??????????????????????????????????????
Hey funneh. Do you know about the new hacker group, Project Zorgo? They took a lot of channels. Be careful. Also btw I love your channel! Bye funneh!
r!ch3$t k!d$ 0n th3 b10ck 0000hhhhhh y3ahhhhhhhhhh
Xd so funneh
Dude yo mics are bocen
Do more krewcraft
Love you da krew ???
We LUXARY
Fuji krw
Btw this vid is epic!
Money funneh\n??
I HAVE ROBLOX ON MY COMPUTER BUT IDK HOW TO MOVE PLS HELP ME!!!!
Hi my username  to roblox  is lavena246
wowie
Luxury..
Funneh I’m buying a funneh squishy and a lunar squishy
Hi I love your video
That moneh
Can’t steal some goods from a rich mansion irl?\ntHEn hOW aBoUT dOiNg it oN mInECraFt?
No I'm an hour late no.hey it's funneh and the crew I loved you view you are my #1 you tubers
I am made for everything ??????????
Those outfit are amazing I think
HIYA YALL I LOVE YOU GUYS SO MUCH (THE KREW AND FAM!)
And sometimes i don't
Funneh i miss your old intro
I new that lunar would take the golf cart
8 more or less real life is a funny funny funny funny game funny????????????????
\"totally early\" lol
Hey love the video  and i am following all of you on Roblox I am subscribed to your channel and when i was playing ROBLOX i saw all of you playing a game so i was thinking you was going to post another video
This was a funneh video
I have a joke for Rainbow to use it’s not really a pun but it’s funny!????????!! Ok so a Canadian walks into a bar with a parrot on it shoulder and the someone says “ Nice mate you got their bud” and the PARROT says LOL “ Thanks I got him from Toronto Canada!!” Like if you think I was funny!HAHAHAHAHHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAH
Dis is boring ????
Oofer gang oofer gang oofer gang
Everyone this is the Ocean's 8
Please hurry and add me please pretty please I am begging
If you scroll down fast you will see purple\n\n????????????????\n????????????????\n????????????????\n????????????????\n????????????????\n????????????????\n????????????????\n????????????????\n????????????????\n????????????????\n????????????????\n????????????????\n????????????????\n????????????????\n????????????????\n????????????????\n????????????????\n????????????????\n????????????????\n????????????????\n????????????????\n????????????????\n????????????????\n????????????????\n????????????????\n????????????????\n????????????????\n????????????????\n????????????????\n????????????????\n????????????????\n????????????????\n????????????????\n????????????????\n????????????????\n????????????????\n????????????????\n????????????????\n????????????????\n????????????????\n????????????????\n????????????????\n????????????????\n????????????????\n????????????????\n????????????????\n????????????????\n????????????????\n????????????????\n????????????????\n????????????????\n\nLike if you see purple and if you don’t see can you like it anyways cause this took like 20 minutes to make
Love yall
Oops I spelled it wrong sorry
Krew your still salty
Lol
What happend to krew kraft
XD
Funneh on Roblox add kitty bluebest tell the crew
I love the krew ?
I'm 30mins late ugh I'm never early
Draco stiling stuf
U should play rap battle
1 hour!
Hmmm\n\n\n\n\n\nYour Rich
I buy that mode yesterday
I am getting funnehs squishes in Christmas ??
Luxury is nice
EARLYYYYYYYYY AYYYYYAYAYAYAYAAYYA FIRST TIMEEEEEEEEEEEEEEW
Where's krewcraft?
The car that lunar had is faster than a Lamborghini
Omg save Lunar f4om the thumbnail
Draco stop
DRACOOOOOOO\nI'm not hating, but... Why do people blame things that you are doing different?
Im getting the itsfunneh plushie on Xmas ??????????
Where's krecraft?
Steel a house and called home ??
Funneh looks like a rapper
C:
Crack stop
I hate Draco he is a thief KILL DRACO
Anyone else wants the DraconiteDragon plushy ????
IVE NEVER BEEN THIS EARLY FOR A VIDEO!! I CAN FINALLY SAY THAT I LUV YOUR CHANNEL AND U ARE MY FAVOURITE YOUTUBERS!!\nluv u krew!
Can you please make more Roblox family videos in bloxburg they have a new update please show the sad clown return and come back to bloxburg for revenge please!!!!
Funneh says, \"You dont want to see the stuff?\" and looks at the ships.
Lol sad potato life ????????????I love you guys
The krew has a savage life
Can I plz have some love bc last night a family member died in car crash after visiting us????????????????????
{___}\n(•~•)\n(>??
OMG I WAS JUST IN ONE OF THOSE SERVERS xD
Funneh can you do another minecraft bedwars..\nPleaseee....\n??????????????????????
I was so I tired I couldn't watch it on time
;c i'm not first.. BUT THATS OKAY! :3
Funneh
It’s funny can you show us where you live
That guy might be the butler
What happened to krew craft
Funneh your the best youtuber! And my favorite youtuber
Love the vid peeps
U guys r my fav YouTubers
Just now I went on your website and bought the whole knew squishes??????
hwwo
Nice video
You know Funneh is rich
Funneh
hi potato fam
Love u
OMG HI YOU SENT ME A FRIEND REQUEST :)
ONE LOFE
Love ?? you funneh great vid ??
<3
I love this vid
PIN ME I DARE YOU
Hi funneh I'm a fan and I'm a youtuber
Oh my god hahahahaha????????????
Potato squad
Funneh’s rapper name= F money?
Love ya vids
Funneh new plushies with floof????????
Pls hire me as a butler I will serve you anytime I have de moneyzzz
I love u
Why are your thing so much!!!?
Funneh. I'm getting the squishie!\nOnly Draco funneh and rainbow or lunar. ITS SO HARD
Beginning tho XD
Cool
I’m late D:
Hello funneh I love your videos you are the BEST youtuber ever!!
Hi I love you guys
Rainbows Gucci clothes lol
I think I’m early :D
Love y'all more tho
Can u do building ur comments and can u build ............................. a fairy house
I CAN GET A FUNNEH SQUISHE I got some money today and now I have the money to get one :3
Love it
Are you luxury enough funneh and krew?
prettyyy
That’s a huge mansion
AMAZING OUTFITS THO!
I got the squishes!
Love you
SWISH SWISH SWISH\n\nMAKE IT RAIN MAKE IT RAIN
Luxury life or potato life
ok so Kat and Draco are mentq
Funneh I love your videos they make me laugh so much!!!??????
yo funneh you looking hot funneh is my boss
I’m a hour late ??
.pie. .pie. .pie.\n\n\n\nPie\n Pie\n  Pie\n    Pie\n     Pie\n    Pie\n   Pie \n  Pie\n Pie\nPie\n Pie\n  Pie\n   Pie\n    Pie\n     Pie\n    Pie \n   Pie\n  Pie \n Pie\nPie\n Pie\n  Pie\n   Pie\n    Pie\n     Pie\n    Pie\n   Pie\n  Pie\n Pie\nPie\n Pie\n  Pie\n   Pie\n    Pie\n     Pie\n    Pie\n   Pie\n  Pie \n Pie\nPie\n Pie\n  Pie\n   Pie\n    Pie\n     Pie\n    Pie\n   Pie\n  Pie\n Pie\nPie\n Pie\n  Pie\n    Pie\n     Pie\n    Pie\n   Pie\n  Pie\n Pie\nPie\n Pie\n  Pie\n   Pie\n    Pie\n     Pie\n    Pie\n   Pie\n  Pie\n Pie\nPie\nPls like it was hard
Here we have the krew living a luxury life
18 minutes of the krew trying to survive
yassssss
Draco has a problem
Funnehs house
I wish I had Minecraft ?? it looks fun to play with anyways awesome video??????
LUXURY GIRLLLL
Yay
??????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????\nI am ple
It's funny why are not playing crewcraft your town don't forget your daughter and dragon
Hi I'm late saw it and was like yaaaaaaaaaaaaaaas
Good job stealing manisoins XD good luck
FUNNEEEH I WANT YOU TO PLAY SOLO BUT.. IN MOBILE OR LAPTOP TO PLAY GRANNY WITHOUT THE KREW IN A SOLO ACT
EARLY \nfunneh im your  biggest fan ever i also play roblox my name is orlando3334 i have bloxburg meeting u there will be a dream
Love your vid. Guys you better subcribe because shes the best if you dont subcribe Im goin to uuh dont know but sub to itsfunneh ?
If you love us pin this!!!!
I wish I could get the squishes but my dad said it’s to expensive :(
Slay krew slay
i loved it can you do more vids like this? <3
Not supported for a DIY...
Hi
We all made for the Pleb life yassssss
Funneh what happened to your dog it's gone or it drowned or it's at that first house you went to because it can't go in the hellacoptrr
Funneh!!!\n\n\n\n\n\n\nHi
I'm so late sowy sempai\n\nEdit:Ima like ma own comment cuz I'm a lonely potato
Sly krew
Luxury life is Gucci
FUNNEH BRING BACK CREW CRAFT PLEASE  ????????????????
THE EPIC MUSIC THO????
Luxury life!!!!!!
Legand says if you say a YouTuber name 5 times you might get pinned or a heart\n\nItsfunneh \nItsfunneh\nItsfunneh\nItsfunneh\nItsfunneh\nHopefully this works
YAYYY IM LATE :((((((((\nEdit:I Luv you FUNNEH and the krew so much! And I have one of those PLUSHIES except it’s not one of the krew membership it’s just a kitty :/
Funneh broke the barbaQ
I HAVE ALL THE PLUSH
I AM SO GETTING THE SQUISHIE PACKAGE
Can u play mini world
The luxury life is so beautiful and the krew deserves the luxury life
Awwww the Plushies are soo cute!
I’m in 3rd class???? 1 like = 1 pray  I get into 1st class ??
Hey Funneh this is an Awesome video if you ever have another q and a heres a question are you minecraft made by you are someone else?
i love u funnnnnnnnnnnnnnnehhhhhhh
i love you guys
Love your vids
Hold up did Draco say Sh**. IAM SHOOK
Hi Funneh! Can you and the Krew play more Kribz or Luxury Life?
I love you
You\nKnow\nWho\nIs\nThe\nBest\nPerson\nEver?\n\nRead The First Word :)
I Love Your Videos Funneh!! ??
Bro
Hi Funneh I LOVE your videos they're amazing I'm your biggest fan
OMGGGG?I JUST BOUGHT THE KREW SQUSHIES AHHHH I'M SO HAPPY THERE SO CUTE???????
this is still my fav YouTube\nChannel
Sally early*
At my school everyone has a squishie\nthey not the nicest they tease me that i dont have a squishie\nFinally i dont care anymore about they're squishies \nAnd now the krew made some merch  squishies \nGreat.  Know i care about squishies again
YOU GUYS IM GONA BE EMOTIONLESS FOR 48 HOURS!! NOW ISRNT THAT COOL\n\nEdit: i mean mins
I MISS KREWTOWN Sooooo much ;( plz do more
EARLY!
Looks like luxury life went I little robbed
I'm gonna get the squishes
May I have one pls. Love your vids!!
Love your video
FUNNEHH HIIIII
You are anzaing
Hi!
RUN FRoM THE FBI
Wow
I think the robber in the beginning told you how to steal ????????
play flee the facility
I am the 23,142 viewer. LOL XD XD XD  She gets millions of views in just 43 minutes.
Tell draco to stop stilling stuff
It’s Dominga
OOOOOOOOHHH BOI DATS A LOT OF BOOKS\nWhen funneh said that I realized I said that too but at my bffs house XD
Does it come with the cute dog lol
My nofication won't work
love you funneh
43 minutes late ;-;
I Love you plz redrawn too me and can I get a shout out
Lol
Wat
You stole from the mansion so something bad happens to you and that my friend is called karma
:c your squishies are too  expensive thier 119.00 thats a lot just for five and one is 29.00 too much
Best YouTuber ever
I was trying to steal funneh's like botton. > :)
I HATE FUNNEH
Omg im geting the krew squishes yay ??
Yas
THERE DOGS SO SO CUTE I LOVE THE MERCH AND MOST OF ALL..........THE KREW AND THE DOGS THEY HAVE does Draco sound ULULULLULULULULULLULULULULULLUULLULULULULU
I loooooooooooooove you
my dad is rich \"-\"
Funneh please upload more minecraft camping trip ??
Yay im under 1 hour
Yaas
IS IT WEIRD I Would FEEL VERY HONORED IF THE KREW STOLE FROM ME!!????
Yaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaas
Happy Veterans Day, krew! Happy Veterans Day to everyone, actually! On Friday, in school, the whole 6th grade gathered to the big theatre, and we got to view awesome performances! The dances were my favorite. A 6th grade I know was even rapping on stage, she was good!
And kit kats
Hi;)!!!!!!!     $$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$
*looks at the thumbnail and read the title*\nWelp, at least it my 2nd most favorite person out of the Krew
Moreeeeeeee
I have a good fan art but i can't send fan art when I be big I will send you it
I lovee your vids
Draco is so boujee ??
Weres krew craft?
I heard that if you say a youtubers name 3 times I'd get pinned?! Itsfunneh itsfunneh itsfunneh! I ? U guys! :)
Would funneh’s name be punneh if u made lots of puns?
OMG I WAS LIKE what should I watch I'm bored AND THEN I GOT A THING FORM HITTINGBTHE BELL YASSS
The Krew steal from the richest of the richest mansions in Minecraft!!!!!! Only for that \"Luxury Life!\"???????????????
I want you in the game with me!!!!
Haiiii
f
Hey
Did he say a ship or a word?
Your the best
Keep it up
I love you guys you are so funny
Hi funneh am buying ur plush the pillow the pack bag and the shirt c:\nAnd draco little plush too
7:07 i was dying ????????????????????????????
I just bought the knew hoodie
COME ON KREW FAN WE CAN GET MORE THAN 2.1 VIEWS!\n\nEdit: Correction 21K views
I WANNA THAT NEW MERCH JUST PLZZZZZZZZZZZ my mom wouldn't let me cause I do euro not dollars I wish I was in Canada ????????????
I made it I love your videos it'sfunneh I was your first fan
draco isn't stealing! \nHe is borrowing
More!!!!!
love u krew
1,302 comment!!!! And 3,083 like!!!!!!!
Yeah I made it
loved it
loved it
I DIDNT GET NOTIFIED!!! Amazing vid!
im really sad right now because i live in Norway so i cant get the plushies and i was crying for hours
YAY IT IS THE LUXURY MORE LIFE-MEANING MORE MONEY!  GURL YOU ALREADY GOT BLING BLING. GUCCI
Funneh never saw this comment
Find it??????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????
where day krew craft doe?
vids I met instead of beds
I LOVE YOU SO MUCH FUNNEY yassssssssssssss.
Golds bbq car XD
I was going to buy the plushes but they too expensive. :( I also live in the UK ;((( So it will be harder
Hi! I’m kind of late! I love this video Funneh I have been watching you for 2 years this is my third I have the krew poster Funneh plush and I’m ordering a rainbow squishie and what I want from Santa is a surprise! I follow the whole krew on Instagram! You always make me laugh! I hope this made your day and I hope you see this! I love this video it’s sooo Funneh you get it? \n\n-Luna
My mum thinks the squishies are too expensive\n\nOther than that, I luv you krew
I'm the 1,284 comment yes new record btw l luv your beds
Omg this was the best can you please  do more
lunar is looted?
I,ve
Where KREW CRAFT
Is floof for sale?
Love d vids
P\nPo\nPot\nPota\nPotat\nPotato\nPotat\nPota\nPot\nPo\nP                           YEET
Yes kind of early!
The squishes are on my birthday list.
Yes
I can't afford to look at it that's how broke I am
Yay not late kind of
Hey how was remdranceday
Lol
lol
i love ur vid there the best yeah
Oofles
Play  treasure  heart
Have you guys ever played camping it that the market
love u guys
Funneh can you respond to this because I have a question. How long does the plushies stay in your merch store? Because my mom wants to buy me one for Christmas and she wants to know if it’s limted time. And also funny video ??????
Kinda early?? XD  ARE YOU MADE FOR THE LUXURY LIFE? -yeaaahhh
Plz pin me I,be never been pinned
Hi I’m early!
hi how are you guys ??
Hi krew your awesome
??I needs the squishies.
Your the best youtuber in the universe
funneh can you do more bed wars or yandere hight please yandere hugh was sooo gooood
yrsmy5j3wjtwtsjtjs\njtsrgdtjdmdutsutltusstulsrukrusktusmhtsmtsmjmtjstmshfmhshmtshmstmfhsfmshmhfsmhfsmfjsjmxtuxmthmzthgdgdgddgdgdhdghfhdhutmfgtsumtmdudtmjdyyjmdgy789\ntjsr5eiuwl4sruliydlutsmymarydietdtgsj5sl757fhdtumststsstlufumsmutdumdttumd
Yandere high!!! Where you at? ??
I cant get the plushies because i am form england and i dont have he currancy that you need to buy them and the price isnt really near my price range witch means it is too much money for me i hope you understand sorry funneh and the krew ?????? if i could get them i would but i cant sadly hope u understand bye
Funneh, You an amazing youtuber because all the progress we are proud of you!
I WANT THE FUNNEH SQUISHES BUT MY MOM WONT LET ME :(
FUNNEH HOW U SEND FAN MAIL
LoL
money money   money for lifeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee  cash
YEEEEET \nKREW??
U make my sadness into  happiness
??
yasssss
you make me happy even though I think I sprang my ankle we are at the hospital
Early
Krew is back! (Back robering)
I'm a true fan because I comment on the video  befor the video
YAY FUNNEH I’m EARLY I’m so happy
Hiiiiiii krew
Hi FUNNEH
Oh my god, this is my first comment and it is to my FAVORITE YouTuber.
KREW SQUISHES ?!!? NANIIIIIIII
Goldenglare
I’m late
i really want the gacha hoodie but its too expensive >,~,<
Love ur vids tho do more of robbing games or hello neighbor ?????? cya????????
Hi funneh I love you and the krew so much
IM GETTING A KREW SQISHY I HOPE ;-;
I love your vid
16:49 funneh did break it
Hi
LOVE YOU
Plz I love you guys
The luxury robber life
when your next yandere high episode?
Omg I really want those squashes
Bet you are going to be Rich
First before 1000trillon coments
Plsssss
Can you do one life pls
Yasss crew squishies
Omg funneh
Pls pin meh!?!?
I wish you made the whole pack of squishy‘s more cheap because I want to buy the whole pack but I know my mom won’t to let me because it’s so expensive :(
Do you live in Toronto
Wat so in Roblox you robed and now you rob in Minecraft?
Funneh. Are you made for the luxury life \nMe. No i i aahahaahahahah
If i ever meet the krew im gonna freaking faint!?????
I am mad
Sowt out pls I love ya gys
Can i buy this in a store? And if yes wich one? I mean the plushys can i buy those in a store? Please tell me i can and if yes is it only in Amerika? Cuz im not Amerikan
I love watching your guys videos you guys are so funny
Funneh did you drown your puppy cause your puppy follows you ????????????????
Soup... idk why??????????
Helllooooo beautiful person reading my comment!!! ??????
Yassss girl yass
Because it so expensive
It's funny my mom and dad won't let me do it can you plz say it is not a scam
Why are people disliking your videos...\n\nAnyways the myth says that if you say the youtuber's name 5 times they pin and like your comment...\nlets try this :3\n\nItsFunneh\nItsFunneh\nItsFunneh\nItsFunneh\nItsFunneh\n\nHopefully it works :3
Draco : I want a BBQ\nFunneh : are u sure \nDraco : never mind I WANT TO GO TO WALLMART ,WALMART FOR LIFE!!
And my mom will not get me some thing for my bday ty
Love the intro and love yall????
Ledgends say that if you sat ItsFunneh 3 times you will be pinned \n\n\nItsFunneh\nItsFunneh\nItsFunneh
Poor poor krew
Crewcraft
Mmm hey funneh everytime my mouth is down my mouth goes up when i see your videos thank you guys
Is your dog for sale too? I would buy it like if u agree --------------->
There are only 500 left nuuuu
Draco : You have a daughter?!\n\n\nReturn of Dominga...
Hewwo Again Funneh And The Krew!\nWuv You All!\nI Thought It Was Laundry Life -_- \nXd
Living the Luxury Life with the krew~
first to have the 1180 comment
Hey I love the new merch but btw can I get the dog with the merch to :P Just kidding
You guys deserve the luxury life! And can you do more a hat in time!
You guys are brothers and sisters
Itsfunneh can you plz lower the price of your website so I can get some thing tomorrow is meh bday
Love funneh??
The krew squishes are too expencive ????
That's Just  Quite Mean Funneh
Hey random people who is reading dis??????
the everything in itsfunneh stuff is to exensive and i sad................................I STILL LUV U THO
Omg yes. IM NOT LATE\nIma early potato ??. Also I heard if you say the you tubers name 3-5 times you get pinned so here I go\nItsFunneh\n  ItsFunneh\n    ItsFunneh\n  ItsFunneh\nItsFunneh
You have inspired me and now my only wish is to be pinned
Box
who wants more yandre high from funneh
I MADE a new babble cry
Im ur biggest fan and I've always wanted to get ur march and u only have 500 I know two people already got it and I asked my mom but I knew before I did she would say wait tell Christmas and they will be sold out by then  and there really expensive so my mom would not buy it for me anyway even if they were not limited she would not get it for me bc its a lot of money :( T-T
??????????????????
Please more krewcraft
I luv you Funneh your a amazing YouTuber.
Funneh love your vid I'm eating a hot dog while watching this
Bruh
FUNNEH!!????????
R.I.P barbecue\n2018-2018
Wow I think the draco squishy is toast tiger
It’s 5 in the morning where I live lol I have school tomorrow 2?????? Luv yall????
HMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMAMAMAMAMAMAMAMMAMAM\nHMMMMMMMMMMAMAMAMAMAMAMAMAMAMAMAM
Why hasn't funneh got 99. 99million  subscribers by now? Because project Zorgo is watching you all...
So lit
You don't understand the point of the luxury life, the point is to be luxurious and steal stuff at the same time wait I mean borrow-
At the start I thought it was EXTREME!!!!!!!!!! But then it was luxury
Lest we forget\nThe 11th hour, of the 11th day, of the 11th month..\nHappy, but I guess not so happy? \nRemembrance Day
We want luxury :D!!!!
I mean 1:06
Funneh please like I’m a huge fan you make me laugh and make my day! I love you and the krew
1:09
I stole my mom's $ for that map because you played it
Hai funneh!!
LATE POTATO SQUAD WHEEE U AT?! XD
That Thumbnail Is Kinda creepy
The thumbnail thou
at the beginning of the episode where u showed ur merch i was like, 'your dog so cute\n\n\n\n\n\n\nI want to kill it
Yass I AM I'M LIVING \"THE POTATOSSSS
oh yaaa
Says shes broke but has almost 2 stacks of money in her heart bar........ logic??
Funneh I’m in so much pain I accidentally sprayed spray it went in my eye
get ready for the krew looking fabulous while stealing cars????
So fancy! The Luxery Life~\nOh mah gawd if I was u I wouldn't even take those books out  ??\nFancy way for piano: Pinano xD
Love you guys
KREWCRAAAFT!!! PLEASE FUNNEH
Can you do part 2 i like it
9 minutes and 1K views already! xD\n\nP\n\n3\n\nP
Funneh, Can You Make The Plushies A Little Bit...Cheaper?
Where is krew craft
Early??
Lol just kill all the people and it can be your home
Umm funneh Draco see honey to you?? ummm
??????????
No funneh tell the krew it's your butler and maid cause why would ur dogs be there ??
Is it just me or does the bodyguards look like Donald Trump but in Minecraft! ????
I quit my project that's due in two days to watch your video.\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\nprobably a bad idea but.. I'm a PlEb
A DISLIKE WHO DARES DISLIKE MY FUNNEH AND THE KREW I EVEN KNOW ALL THEIR REAL NAMES funneh-Cat But spells with a k bc she is ridiculous
I LOVED THIS VID IT WAS BOOTIFUL
ItsFunneh\nItsFunneh\nItsFunneh
DA MUCCI LIFE!!!
Love your vids
I’m the poor life
I've played that too????????
I love your vids it's like I cant even say it but is bigger than the world
If I lived in a mansion I would have a pet Shiba ?? or Canine.
Yay i am kind of early
Hi
those pillows are so cute
I’m 21 minutes late! At least before 30 mins!
Yessss
I love how draco was stealing everything!!! lol
Go Krew and funneh Go AND ROB your one house.BURNED
Love you and the krew but the dog is very cruel to the krew so funny I nearly died by laughing ?? ??????????????????????????????????
When funneh said r u good with luxury \nDis is what i said: nu i cant even deal with a phone ._.
cooooooollllll
When funneh was running I was like lets go run dooo doo doo do run do do run away
hi
ILYSM
My dad works for the FBI
Early love you rich plebs!
Can the krew rap if you want them to like and reply to my coment
I love your vids funneh
Whats up Krew?\nLuv ya'll
Do crew craft l miss it :(
Hi KREWW I love you ??????????
I think i am made 4 the LUXARY life ??????????????????????????????????????
OMGG I LOVE UR VIDS
WOW YOU GET IN 15 OR MORE MINUTES ALOT OFF VEWIERS LOVE YA EARLY PATATOE SQAUD
Roses are red\nViolets are not blue \nI am in love \nWith potatatos and the krew.
Hi love you guys so much keep up the good work
I bought the plushies :D
Hi lol I’m really late
Yay I'm finale early
I even have a tattoo of you on my arm and it hurts so bad I got to say
early squad xD (late squad
I like the vid
My mom's friend gave birth today
Roses are Red\nViolets are blue \nDon't mess with the krew \nOr they'll MURDER you. \n\nJoking we all love them and there videos. Right? ?
videos can you make some of these videos too and I'm begging you in more Roblox please I'm begging you and you got to listen to me cuz I'm your biggest fan of them all
Luxury life the best life ??\nI Love you my senpai  hope you notice me one day....
Calls police
Ohhhh he stealinggggg
Add me on roblox plsss plsss plssss am your number 1 fan
I love youuuuuuuùuuuuuuu????????????
its almost my birthday!
im an early potato today
Pin meh now pin meh
Hggfgffsfsydyvgf3&*&3213*#13169999765321$
I funneh I love your videos  a lot
Funneh after this vid can you friend me on Roblox it would be a dream come true my username is marinetteissscool plezz plezz with potato sprinkles on top
You guys are the best youtubers ever lived!!!!
I love you. It came True I wish I can join you but I love you
ET TO TA CHOPPA
Can you go on the game were you all do acctionly have a home and can you finsh rainbows home
Oof
HI FUNNEH
Yo I am here
I want a toast tiger ??????
Love this money s ??????????????????????????
Rainbow: over here ladies!\nMe:Draco’s a girl!?!?,?!?!
Poor pop star\nhehehe
You guys are so awesome
IDK WHICH PLUSH I SHOULD BUY, reply to me for which i should buy :PP
Best content
I'm the biggest fan
mwine craft
You are the best
I love you funneh I love how you make me believe in myself to do youtube
Who else likes the plushies?
Funneh Kardashian ??????
WELCOM TO DA LUXURY LYFE BOIS AND GURLS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
early!!!!!x
Wow only 17 mins and thousands of ppl comented
Hey i made it in time
(I'll sub to everyone if they sub to me) not kidding
Funneh i love u
18:30 minutes of the crews 10/10 goof :3 which i love :D
ur the best
I am sikk
Lol
Hi krew!
C: \n:)\n(:\n;)\n(;\nHAPPY FACES
I haven’t been this early since 1990
play thinkgiving games
So many Views in a few minutes...
Fanneh why your steel playing roblox now I wanna join
Lunar is a gangster
Hi your channel is amazing??
I was laughing so hard when funneh was chasing Draco with her dogs and when the krew was being chasing by the dudes, lol\n\nI love you funnehhhhhh
I SPY WITH MY LITTLE EYE FUNNEH PLAYING ROBLOX!!!\n\n\nshe might not be anymore...
You and the krew are the best!!!!!!!!????
I'm PRETTY SURE THE OWNER KILLED FUNNEH`S DOGS\nHe's a monster.\n\nEdit: The first owner
Luv u funneh!! I think I’m gonna preorder your new plushies for Christmas!
yass funneh my sister getting one of the crew plushie for Christmas
Wowww I’m done falls on the floor Funneh video pops up Oh time to watch
LOVE YOU
Funny kid makes more croutons and kid makes Mama Roblox baby videos please please please please can you make some more was it called crew town and put dominga and attract house and was it called give her I know that
ITS MADE ME PEE MAH SELF I COULDENT STOP LAUGHTING xD
Bruh try me I will steal you if you dare try
$$$$$$$$\n$ Money $\n$$$$$$$$
The LIFE I want to STAYyY
Love you guys
The squishiest are adorable.  ??????????????????????????????????????????????
I almost had A HEART ATTACK WHEN I DIDN'T GET THE NOTIFICATION FOR THIS VIDEO!!
??????
Love u funney
How get sqwishys
I LOVE YOUR VIDS ??
Draco where you the robber in that tiny little glass place because you're stealing funnehs  Furniture I bet funneh is going to steal your furniture now
Im gald u didnt scam me...
Yay im not late!!! btw love you krew
what up
“I just wanna eat food.”\n\nLunar is literally me! ??
I love all your videos and this is awesome and I love ur vids and I watch them all the time even when I come back from school plz follow hellocandy1175 and Allison.h8242 on Instagram
Tomorrow is my b-day lovee you!??????????????????????????????
I'm early
Hey FUNNEHHHH
HI FUNNEH!!!!!!
Draco:I know I’m made for the luxury life.\n\nAt 16:05 It looked like those two NPCs were kissing.
Luxury Lunar be livin' her life
LOVE U FUNNEH :D PS I'M A ?? POTATO?????????????????????????????? AND A PLEB
Hi
Funneh: Oh my gosh there are a lot of books....I’ll read them later\nMe: When I’m tooooo lazy to read
My birthday is tomorrow yay
UHG I JUST GOT SCAMED BY SOMEONE PERTENDING TO BE U
DO MORE FLEE DA FACILITY
Yass you played in this server before 2 times 3rd EPISODE
Very Fancy Outfits Guys
Funneh yay I love you and the krew
I'M HERE AT FOURTEEN MINITES I'M A KINDA EARLY POTATO
1.1k
Hi funneh
Hewo funenh
Wheres one life?
14 minuts 0_0
I’m BLOWN away by your flying ??
Funneh i love you make me laugh when im sad
Earlyyy
Early!\n\nWell kinda
I love vids I can't stop laughing ??
Hey you are my favorite YouTuber
Play Mario Kart 8
Love u guys\nI bet you will...\n\n\n\nPress read more
I luv this keep the good work
Lol u stole from mansions
I LOVE THIS YT CHANNELLL
Help mai plebios i need POTATOSSSS
PLS NOTICE MEH!nevermind you won't??????????????????
Love you and the krew!!!
I EARLY FOR THE video again
Oh no i'm 12 minutes LIT!
Ims so late  CRIIIIIIIIIII
Yay early potato
Is it me or does Funneh always upload at 3:00 reply or like if you think that as well
I love you so much funneh and the krew
WOW THIS WAS POSTED 11 MINS AGO AND IT ALREADY HAS 11,557  VIEWS
draco is so annoying when he dose stuff like steel or be over compettitive
OMG the squishies ARE SOOO CUTE!!!
Chill
11mins ago, Early or Late?  <3 Love the Krew
i heard if u say the youtuber name\n3 times u get pin\n\nItsFunneh\n\nItsFunneh\n\nItsFunneh
Please tell
sooooo rich loloololololololol love you can i please have a shout out you potato
ALL I the only one who scrolls down the comments and sees a comment and is like\n\nI WISHMIMPUT THAT FIRST!  ??
Early  yay
YAY!! I LOVE THIS
Can you play some more fortnite
\"You think your made for this life? You think you made for this Luxury life?\"\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\nMe: no.
Im going to get the krew squishies??
Plz shout out me plz funneh I love you!??
rainbow?... MORE LIKE GUCCI RAINBOW!!!
Gotta stay boujie ????
ITSFUNNEHNAND THE JEW IS SO FUNNY
Yasss krew living the rich live!
0:05 and then I watched it to> 18:19  and died of laughter.. \n\nThank you for making my day every month.
YASS FUNNEH
Hi funneh pls give me a shout p.s.I love you guys
I was so happy
I love your videos funneh they are amazing and funny .
Hi
Hi funneh
Wow 1k in 7 mins
Hey funneh when I fell sad I watch your vid to make me fell well bc your vid are funny
:3:3:3:3:3:3:3:3
Love it and you
Draco is a pleb thief
love r vids
OMG I love your videos they make me laugh so much and make my day thank you!
my dad  ordered mercy for me
Wow what happened to Krew Kraft
Wow what happened to Krew kraft
lol I LOVE THE KREW
Hey im the rich potato here give meh ur potatos!!! IF U DONT PRESS THE POTATO BUTTON THEN ILL SMASH A POTATO TO ALL OF YU ????
Please funneh please and the krew
When are you guys going to make a krewcraft video?
Wow already ten mins in and this many comments??
Funneh remember every dislike is just somebody who is jealous of you and your channel\n\nIM SORRY IM TEN MIN LATE OK
Omg so cool furniture
Funnehs name matches her so much
Im early funneh fam
EARLYY
Hi
Nice
Tez MB jejciu chcial tak diabli kasia w to work / kraniki ciociu ciociu ciociu ciociu ciociu ciociu idz Ui
Funneh can you play strucid\nits like fortnite but in roblox if your a true pleb then play it
Early!
PLS make more
I know this world! It just came out today! Now I want to play it!??
Funneh HELP IDK WHICH TEDDY BEAR I SHOULD BRING TO MEH FRIEND SLEEPOVER YOURS GOLDS DRACO LUNAR RAINBOW? I CANT DECIDE ;-;
Wow 10k views that’s very cool!!! And I Love You and the Crew!
Hiii funneh i luv your videos!
I'm EARLY ya ??
The only way to make a grand escape?!\n\nRIDE A BARBECUE STAND!! No one can catch you!!!
LOVE ITTT
I just see lunar on the cover and I’m like omg is this a rap vid
10 minutes late :c
Yes!
Merry Christmas and a happy new year before this I was singing away in a manger and if you don't now what it is it is a him
love you funneh
i love how it went from funneh \"owning\" the house to the krew running away from security
Meh QUEEN ??
IM EARLY FINALLY \nEdit : Early squad where u at?
Lol love u funneh
I ???? your videos funneh. Everyone PLEASE subscribe to ItsFunneh. She is the best youtuber in the entire universe
yasss im early :p i cant waitt for Christmas already ah yes so much funneh merch >w<
OH MAH GAWD YOUR GACHA PLUSHIES LOOK SO FREAKING CUTEEEEEE But i dont have one :C
Sooo crazy
I'm EARLY YASSS and I'm a pleb at obys to and your dogs are adorable ????????????????
EARLYSQUAD
Love the krew
Hi early
Please friend me on Roblox please please please it would be a dream come true
Wow the comment section blew up!
I put my tablet on airplane mode...\n\nI threw it....\n\nIt didnt fly....
RICH GURRLLLZZZZZZ\n\n\n\n\n\n\nAND BOI
I knew you was making one
Get out
love you krew
??
That thumbnail tho ??
early/potato squad where you at?
How do we get map I want !!!!!! It’ looks amazing
Hello
Omg draco is so funny!
Hello!!!!!
Your outfitttsss though ??
Hello there
Hiiiiii
Awesome video funneh
Funneh, Is your name Robin?\n\n\n\nCause you Robbin my heart ??
Love you funneh your the best.I love all your vids
OML I CLICK TO EARLY AND THE VIDEO WAS PRIVATE!! Why does this keep happening to meh?? T^T
Plz heart me I watch your video 2047 lol
829th!
Love uuuuuuuu!
I clicked so hard I bent time and space
I seriously love the vibe you bring on when you make these videos!! ??????
Early today yeeeesssssss and I love you guys so much
Lol i'm laughing so hard
Funnneh, I love your video a lot, It makes make laugh. I'm a big fan. Itsfunneh, hope you see this comment a leave a like.
You guys should make a minecraft roleplay in that house
You guys made me cry of joy ??????
Soo......I dont how you think we are going to buy the plushies like some ppl aren't rich...and if u look at the price that's a lot...soo how...some ppl are poor...THAT JUST SAD...
I lub ur vids sooooooo much??????????????????
Early potato
Draco likes the luxury life
Yay
I’m not early ;-; NOTICE ME SENPI
You guys should getting ready for the holidays on roblox family
HERE BEFORE 1K COMMENTS AND 10K VIEWS YESSS
Love you hop you have a good day????????????
Haiiiiii Funneh love the new merch and squishies love you all and all the dogs ??????????????????????????????????????
Krewcraft
Ok ok don't laugh.... OMGG....
roses r red vilets are blue yall hate me so i will start liking my own comments soon another one kk roses r red vilets r blue the time your looking for is 11:22
Please play flee the facility
Funneh I love your videos and you should play reaper simulator
Hi
I haven’t even finished watching the video yet, but I’m already commenting...
900
Hi funneh
GASP am meh early??????? NUM NOM YESH
Heyoo potatoes
Funneh I try joining you but I never can i feel pain  always I try to jou  you you make me laugh  a lot I love you
Nice,
7 mins off yeah
Heyyyyyy potatoes
Do a contest for a new skin in minecraft plz i want to make you a new skin
I need those mansions!!!!!!!!!;'???????????????????????????????????????
Hiiiiiiiiiii l love the vid :-D:-|
I wish I can join you in roblox :( \nnice vid!!!!
Love you krew! Can’t wait to get your MERCH!????
Piniano
Funneh ur supposed to rob XD
Hello are you exited for Xmas
9,310 <3 LOL
Love you funny your the best and cute dog
Come ok,
Cool
Love your moneycraft videos...see what i did there ;D
Hi ilove you funneh
Hi
?'? ???? ???? ?????? :(
I'M HERE potato QUEEN WHAT DID I MISS???
LUXURY \nLOLOLOL ??????
Can u play bloxburg soon please PS u r the best mah gamer queen???????????????????
PPL WHERE U AT
KREW SQUISHES I NEED THEM ??????
Wow there must be so much money
Hi im a huge fan plus we have the same bday aye
Omg it was a vid love it ????
Omg funneh I was stalking your page for a while so you could reply. So plz reply so I will be a happy potato. I love you krew
????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????
Funneh play egg farm simulator in ROBLOX
Haiiiii I luv ur vidssssss\nPlz do moreeeeeee like if u agree
I want Yandere High!
Hi Funneh I love you so much and I love your channel so much as well
The Luxury Lifeee of Plebs
Hi, you make my day funneh and always make me laugh!!!??
Sup
FUNNEH has YOONGI'S 3 dollar chain ????????\nGET it?no?\nSORRY I HAD TOO \nI'll like my own comment
funneh can you do a challenge in bloxburg that is no deleting challenge and the rest of the crew too. Love you funneh and krew!??
I dont love the luxury life...im cleaning my room XD
Funneh what happened to roblox family
Hey funneh
Can someone dislike my comment please?
Minecraft or roblox
I'm a Fan!!!
Can you do a roleplay with this map?!
Me ~ FUNNEH WHY ARE YOU SOO FUNNY\nMe ~ ok that is so basic now let’s me think of something else\nputs on another one of Funneh vids ( dance off vid )\nRandom dude ~ who wanna battle\nFunneh ~ lemme talk to him we gotta deal with him.......mE\nfew 5 seconds later \nRandom dude ~ ok yall gonna lose\nThe whole krew ~ OHHHHHHH\nMe ~ MY EARSSSSSSS I CANT BELIVE HE SAID THEY GONNA LOSE YOU GONNA LOSE THAY SO FAMOUSSS
Potato squad where you at
Hello Funneh I think u r the best YouTuber ever
Who has been here for 3 and 1/2 a years I’m wearing you black candyland merch rn!??
Do more Roblox
I'M GETTING DRACO SQUISHIES SO LOOK OUT FOR SOME $_$
Good video guys!  Love you krew! ??????
when I see new funne h merch BUYS ALL OF IT
no why can't I ever be first! wait why do i care i just like watching and dying of laughter
Helluuu funneh and everyone! ??\nWho else loves chips???\nMe...onely ME???\nOK~ ??
Hi I love you so much ????
More krew craft please
FUNNEH please can you call me on instagram
:)
Whats up guys yesterday I was at the hospital becuz I broke my bone it's my birthday tomorrow I hope at last u Guys or one of the krew say \"feel better'
I love the the plush but I hope I can get one for Christmas ??
Can you guys play human flat
Pocky is actually life
Yesss more funneh
Love ur vids!
So FUNNY LOL
AH!!! 5 MIN LATE!! COOL! LOVE YOU FUNNEH!! I-I THINK IM IN...EARLY SQUAD YAY!
early!!!!
Yay I’m part of the early squad now ??
3:54 is this fortnite?
Yay funneh!!
My mom said I will get the new mecuh on Christmas
Love you funneh and the Krew I had a dream last night about you and the whole krew it was pretty short but it was about me finally getting to meet you guys I was crying for some reason but yea :'D lol
Oh my gosh! I haven’t been watching your vids! Sorry Funneh \n??????\nI’ll start watching ur vids again!~ \nLove you potato fam!!!
I WILL PRESS YOUR RED BUTTON
Funneh I need ur help! My channel got deleted and I had to remake everything!I need at least some support
EARLY
I wish I can buy your plushies, but my mom says it's too expensive!!????
LOVE Y'ALL VIDS AND MAY I JOIN THE KREW??
Hi
Please play flee the facility but do a challenge no opening doors
Greattttt videooo! I haven’t finished it but it is great so far!\nWhen you hit 4 million I have to say something really important, anyway love you krew!
here before 5k views
love you funneh and the krew??????
Hello im the 549th comment
Hi
Funneh can u friend me on roblox .my name is grandmajacc0
People who sub to me ill sub to you also love your videos funneh!!
I dare you next video dress soooooo werid
hi funnel love you so much !!!
I’m finally 2 mins early to a video
IM SUBBING TO EVERYONE CHANNEL WHO LIKES AND COMMENT ON THIS POST????
hey
YEEEEEEE??\nTHE PLUSHIES ARE SO CUTE!!!????\nToo bad I can’t get them T^T!??\n\nBut at least I can still watch these amazing videos!!^w^????????
Early Squad yayyy!!! ??????????????????
Big fan!
737th person to comment also love you're channel
I love you so much and you are my favourite YouTubeor and i Watch you videos so much <3
gfdjf\nlove you
Early yaaaaaaaas
...
PLEEEEEBBBBBBBSSSSSSSSSSSS ?????
XD
Right when i saw that the new merch was out I was like MOM I NEED THIS!
Funneh the packages Are too expensive!! I cant buy them ??????????????????????
Win a lot
Omg squishies I’m in \nsees price \nNooooooooooo \nOh well :P
Lunar looks like scrooge mc duck.
Draco this is for you YOU DON\"T NNEED THAT PLACE WHEN YOU GOT WALMART YEEEEEAAAAAH (love you krew)
Love this video
Here before 5 views
This is kat ??\nEvery like and cat gets a sibling !\n????
I didn’t get a notification....
hggfgefcjesgfjdf no stealing
Hi Funneh and The Krew!
Earlyyyy ??????
Hello Hoooomons
Hi funnel play fortnite more then you’ll get better and win a tot
EARLY POTATOOO ??
Funneh is there Livestream Friday?!\nPlease do it I really want to see it. I’m from Denmark so wen it night u go live that why I ask. \nLOVE YA And the best krew
HERE!
Here before 10 views lol jk jk I love you FUNNEH
HI FUNNEH I LOVE U
YES! FOUR MINUTES EARLY!
OMG Love IT
I hear if u said It’sFunneh 5 times she will pin you\nIt’sFunneh\nIt’sFunneh\nIt’sFunneh\nIt’sFunneh\nIt’sFunneh
AHH early bird PLEBS!!!!
This is the earliest time i've ever seen you
Hi
Yassss I love you i subscribed and click the bell button and I love you vids  :)
Hi Funneh! I'm a huge fan and I idolize you and I love your content. I always loved your content and I always will. Ty for being there whenever I feel depressed at home. You always make me laugh and put a big smile on my face. Keep up with the good work.
love you
737th comment!
Can you make the merch a little cheaper??
Play one life
6,085th view
Funneh Funneh Funneh please play singing simulator
hi early
??
The plebby robbers will become little rich plebs!!
Funneh Goes Through Safe/Chest\n\nFunneh: Oh boy... oh boy.. this is a lot of books to read!\nFunneh reads a page of the book\nFunneh: Nope!\nFunneh Acts like she read it and puts the books back\n\nMe: XDDDDD!
First
Yh where is it. I'm getting my daily dose of yandere
Earlllllllllly!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
I love you guys
Do u ever look at a comment and think:     \n\"I wish I said That!\"\nLike if u agree!
You got to get that money
EARLYYYY??
Hi
335th like
OMG IRA BEEN THREE MINUTES AND ALREADY EIGHT HUNDRED SOMETHING LIKES, AND SOO MANY COMMENTERS\nfice dislikes? (five*)\n\nHaters back off lol\n\n\n\nI bet nobody would like this comment, I mean nobody does.
If you find ?? like the Comment  plz \n\n??????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????
I love your videos funneh
#??KREW
When ur early and u don't know what to put in the comments.
any fellow potatoes?
Love you??????
Yay
I love your videos it’s me btfunnehfan
Early
YAY FUNNEH
Like 970
ahghhhhhhhhhhhhh ilove yall
Funneh u and the krew should play dropper ....lol luv u guys????????????????????????????????????????????
yes\nhi funneh potato
Early
HELLOO
Hey Krew! I asked for all the Krew Plushies For Christmas!My Mom Said OMG THEY HAVE THAT? ILL TRY TO GET THEM! I hope I do! I got the Krew Hero's Shirt and Gacha Shirt! My Goal Is to get all the merch!
*Read's title*\nI didn't know that the krew were thief's!!!? ??
I love the krew
Now time to steal from the Krew to have enough money to buy all their merch! MUHAHAJAH \n\n\n\n\n\n\n\nbut then they will get their money back
Hey Funneh I saw the vid u did with gloom lol!thank you
Hello Pateto pleb
Can you please play flee the facility!?!?!?ILY
I love you guys And I bought merch????
NOOOO 2 MINUTES LATE
LUXURY KREW
644th comment (plz notice me )
Hi
5 views\n838 likes\nSOMEONE EXPLAIN THIS
OMG YALL SHOULD NOT STEAL! XDD
Hi funneh (notice me  pls)
I love you funneh
I LOVE U KREW
Hiiii
I LOVE YOU FUNNEL AND THE KREW
When are you doing it funneh
Lol
OML FUNNEH PLZ LIKE THIS
Funneh can yo do a live stearm in roblox please
So cool
I never get ur notofications early :/
Hai funneh :3
Early potato
got here at 5000 veiws
Hey can you to play a gachastoudio or a  game
I bet you one like\n\n\n\n\n\n\nYou will read this comment
YAYYY I LOVE THE KREW ?????????????????????
I'm late :(
YASSS THE LUXURY LIFEEEE~ \nThe krews fancy outfits tho????????
432 like love da crew yass
Early yayayayyayaay
ITS FLOOF! SO CUTE!
Early squad???
Tell meh how you get these mods TELLL MEH!
CLICKED AS FAST AS I COULD!!!
I SOOOOO WANT ONE OF THE PLUSHIES
Yea more of the krew lets drink mountain dew
Hoi
Omg im kinda early
Funneh i love your vids i wish i was your friend on roblox my name is kibi2010
Can u do more bed wars plz! Love u guys??????????
funneh i've been subbed to you for about 3/2 years!. i hope you notice me and i try to get here early.... LOVE THE KREW , and i cant afford the gacha hoodie in real life so i got it in roblox!
Hi
I'm early yess
HOI ??
love yall
Early squad where are you?
Love you guys
Moneyz are potatoes or golden potatoes ??
I love ur vids funneh
Fun
Yay early for once!
Here. :)
YASSSSSSSS!!! ??????
LIVE YOUR VIDS FUNNEH
funneh can you friend me in roblox plss
funneh im your worlds biggest fan
3913 views and 748 likes I'm early I think
PLZ
Hiiii I love your video it's Awesome
Hey IM SO EXITED SHOUT OUTS PLS PLS DO SHOUT OTS CRIES IF DOESN'T
Not first
HI FUNNEH!!
Video pops up on my screen “i click”
3900.\nBtw I'm watching in 9999.
Hi
So close...
If this gets a heart i will go to school\nLooks like i dont have to go to school yas
I made it at 3,000 views! I Goz murch toooooooo!
Early potato
I’m thinking of getting that to lol and I have millionaire mansion
AYEEEEEEEEEEE HEY HOOMANS
1000000000000000000 subs for u hopefully
xD
Hi Funneh omg
HIT THAT SUBSCRIBE BUTTON!
Hoi Funneh! Love ur vids!
Funneh I was watching the murder one that you made and I bought all the krew stufie
Yes I’m early
Im A Fan!
OOF I'M NOT LATE AND  DISLIKE MY COMMENT
Clicking so fast u get a cramp
HI LOVE YOUR VIDS
3,630 views in 2 minutes. ??
Early
Yay another video
Funneh I got sick but I'm watching your videos and I'm laughing so much! Thank you for the laughs! Love you and the crew! <3
????
Squishes!!!!
NO MORE MAPS  DO ONE LIFE AND CRUE CTAFT PLEZZZZZZ
1
Here before 1k likes
MOENY!!
Hello
The aquarium was cool
Once your rich, you steal to become more rich\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\nPERFECT!!!
And that Will make me really happy
I love it!!
This is so funny
Two minutes late ??
Me to
I am from United States ???? so I’m early actually and Ik a lot of people commented before me but I bet they are in another country
Before 2 views YASS FUNNEH MONEY!! BTW YOUR THE BEST
Guys my life goal is to make a sound board of Draco’s sounds
Did you know if you say the youtubers name 5 times you will get pinned?\n\nItsfunneh\nItsfunneh\nItsfunneh \nItsfunneh \nItsfunneh
IM HERE
We love you Funneh
Me too!
OMG IM SOOOO EARLY
I MADE IT BEFORE 20 VIEWS \n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\nps love u krew
HOW IS SOMEONE GONNA DISLIKE IF THE VIDEO JUST CAME OUT LIKE A MINUTE AGOO UGHHHH HATERS
Luxuary Life Me: Grabs all their money, and buys potatoes.
1ST
EARLY
;-; last..... anyways love your vids funneh Friday?
Here’s before 10 views
Is this a glitch 3.043 views and 589 likes like
Hh
Love you funneh you are  the funniest
Meh early?????? :(????????????????
To many books
OMG THIS VIDEO IS SO FUN I CAN WATCH IT FOREVER
Yay! A new video!! ??????????
EARLYYYYY YASSSSS
Here before 10 viewss
Funneh and da krew are da best youtubers evaaaaaaa!!! ????????????????????\nLike if u agree ????
Lol
Comment 315
Hi funneh I love you
LOVE YOU KREW!
Hi i’m your biggest fan
The Krew will be rich plebs! MORE LUXURY MEANS.. MORE POTATOES!
If you love Funneh and your a krew fan you have to like
I LOVE YOU FUNNEH (like if you love funneh)
Hi funneh!!!!!!
First!!
Some mucci
Love younfunneh you are the best
Hi
Love ya funneh
Yassssss
Hi
FUNNEH YOU THE BEST
Early
And I'm using my dad's phone
Early potato
First
Hi itsfunneh
Hey funneh im a early potato ??
Hey funneh im a early potato ??
FIRST off, I've been on your channel from the start. I love you so much and so does my sister. I never wanna stop watching your videos. YOU ARE A FANTASTIC YOUTUBER I LOOOVVVEEEE YOUUUUUUU
Hi
HIII YALL!!
0:00 dis dog is secretly looking\n at bacons ????
I love your videos can I have a shout-out
FLOOF AWWWWW
1st
Hi funneh
Eye
Dang Im here l8
yassss
Omg I just watched one of you vids pls shout out
YAYY IM AN EARLY POTATO!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!^3^
EARLY PLEBBB
IM EARLY THANK U GOD!!!!!!!!??????????????????????
Heloo
Hi humans :)
Wooo like if u love the krew!! ????
Here
Krew when will you go more roblox family
EARLY POATAO
Hi funneh
Loveee the vid!! Keep the good effort up!! ??????????????
Where’s one life or krewcraft
Hello funneh I love you so much your the best Youtuber ever ??
YAS WE BOTH HAVE A PUPPY SO THATS MEAN THEY COULD BE FRIENDS
Stealing from mansion again?
....find the odd one out ??????????????????????????????????????????????????
Y'all dab
Early!
The squishes are so cute !
Squish the funneh before Draco screams \nRiddle
Hello everyone!! Great job on the video, I LUV YOU KAT AND THE KREW!!\nTo anyone who is reading this, remember. Being different isn't a bad thing, it means you're brave enough to be yourself. Always keep your head high, things we lose have a way of coming back to us in the end, if not always expect. Karma will come back to you if you keep being nice to people. Also remember, everyone deserves a second chance no matter how bad of a person they are, everyone has a story behind them.\r\n~Luv Taliyah\r\nKeep your head high and never give up!
Early!!
Early? I guess I’m early
love yall
400th Comment!
I love your videos and the Krew!
I love you guys soooo. Much
YES
Omg I’m finally not late
EARLY!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Me watching: OMG I WANT THAT PLUSH ????
Yeet!im here early!
love u krewwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwww!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
YASSSSS MORE KREW MERCH!!! I HAVTA BUY IT!!!!! \n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n(to bad im broke D:)
Yus
Haha love this! ITS SO FUNNEH! Get it?
Btw love you krew??
Pls pin me??
Funneh hi \nThis is Lilly plezzz plezz friend me on Roblox my username is marinetteissscool
EARLY!! I love you and minecraft AND ROBLOX!!
meh love u fuunhe
Hey FUNNEH play more blox burg
Yass
early
Hi funneh ???? and hi krew :)
YA
FUNNEH
Haiii
Earlyyyyy
Early Ilysm funneh
You guys are literally the best!!!!!!Lots of love from a Hawaiian 7th grader-Oahu ??
I was here when it was 471 likes ??????
Hi
Very Early
Early potato
RainWHOAAAA
HELLO
I was here before 10 views
I’m on time for once! ?? I love you sooooo much Krew! ?? And this series is awesome! <3 :D
No one tell the police that their are stealing ok ?? \n??????
Hoi
Early!!
don’t steal kids
Omg ily
K:krew
Its almost thanksgiving  im thankful for funneh and the krew
A and I love you
Hi
Cool video!!!
I got the Lunar Squishie! \n\nLike I said yesterday!
I am a big fan
hiiiiiiii
Love you funneh! Pls pin me!
It mom
I love this and u
I have been waching u for a year now
Im here hi funneh luv u!!
Hi
I love the crew!
KrewKraft plz Dominga misses u
Hiii
LOVE YOU \n\n This is julia \n?? one like = one hug from the krew
Heyyyy I’m earlyyyy
You guys are total plebs pros.
All hail the krew ??
Early!
HERRO HERRO NOTIFICATION SQUAD UWU
I. Like lunar sh derpy ??
I love u funneh
SO EARLY
more money
The crew has made me happy on my lowest times I just wanna say thank u and I have a question when will yandera high school come back
Love you Krew!could you please give me a shout out!?
Love ?? your videos it’s funneh I’m laughing ?? we’re PIE ?? RATS ??
Yay
THE PLUSHIIIESSS OF DA KREEEEEEEWWWWWW
Hi funneh I lover ur videos u are the best
First
I love u funnehhh
Gimme ur money
“You think your made for your life?”\nBest quote of all time
I’m one minute late ??
hello!
EARLY!!!!
I'm so excited for the holiday pack to come! :D
Heyyy
9th person to comment 60th person to view and watched this right after it was posted and 30th person or 31st person to like....
play bloxburg
Hoi I luv ur videos!
Can I get a shoutout -\\_(. .)_/-
Dad
Royal Early Potato ??
The Luxury Life for me would be watching Funneh vids all day :D
EARLY
Lysm
Ello funneh I Am SO HAPPY I JUST LIKED UR COMMET AND U ONLY AT 33 SO PLEASE LIKE MY COMMET LOVE YOU ALL CREW??????
here before 10 views!
May I please have a shout out
Aww
Omg
Amazing!!!
LOVE IT but what is the potatoes in the luxury?
Heyyy!early like if ur an early potatoe and I’ll  sub to u
Hey!!!
I'M A RICH PLEB
EARLY POTATOES WHERE U AT!? Imma like my own comment because no one else will. :3
Hey boo-not sponsored by Draco
Hi kat
Yasss
Early btw love u krew
Make a wish! In the reply! ;3
wow one minute ago??
1 minute after it posted that's a first anyway ilysm and the krew your all amazing!!!
I love the krew I hope I meet them in real life
What happened to the intro
Hi funneh how you doing!!
Been watching ur channel seen u had  600k+ subs I love ur guys videos
:P
Hi funnel omg
Firstttttttttttttt luv y'all ???
YASS why did I say YASS ._.
Hi I am the richest woman in town steal from me
222 commet
Hoi Patato Fam, luv u guys!
A lot of people are here early
Sup
Please notice me senpai
Who else died looking at the thumbnail
Funneh hi
236th comment
Press it presss ittt
Hiii
I am soooo ready for the LUXURy lifeee
Love you Funneh! <3 Early squad!
Hu
Early
I was gonna buy it with my own money but realized that i would spend all my money on yea that
LUNARRRR U CRAZYYYY
Funneh but 1 million potatoes
Hi
Hi funny
Early btw love u krew
OMG IM SO EARLY YASS TY FUNNEH
200th place hello
Love the video
This is amazing
Yay I’m early
Yay funneh I am finally not late for the first time
Luxury \nMoneyyy
YASS EARLY!
Good viddd ??????
I love you
BEST VID again
202nd
Woah!!!early again!!
I LOVE U SO MUCH FUNNEH
IM HEREEEEEE
IM EARLY FINALLY FUNNEH IF YOU SEE THIS CAN YOU LIKE MY COMMENT
My birthday was yesterday
HIII I LUV IT SO MUCH1
Draco: I know I was made for this luxury life\nMe: we know draco
hi
Pls notice me funneh??????????????
early potato
I’m late totally
Hi give funneh some love
????
Yasss here early then 100 coments
27th I was waiting for somthing to come out at 3:00
Early!
OMGA IM ONE OF THE FIRST !!!!! ALSO I LOVE U FUNNEH AND I HAVE ALL OF UR SLUSHIES!??????????
FIRST!!!
Im early finally
EARLY SQUAD WHERE ARE YOU AT?
I loved it!
Omg love
I'm early
What do you say in your channel most. Pleb potato or d-d-die
Hello!
mmmm ??????
I couldn't find it ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh I was died
Love y’all
hi
HI KREW!
Hey I’m your biggest fan
I love yor vidio
Nice
Hi!??????
Yoooo
i like the mansion
Hi Funneh\nAnd the krew
I SHOULD BE LUCKY CAT!!!
EARRLLYYYY here before 10k!
Lel
60 view yay
Hello Krew!????????
Lol only been a few seconds and so many views and comments already
Never clicked so fast... JRNFICJXNXJXNXJDNDNFHVUMAODN
HI IM EARLY
EARLYY
I love your channel and it’s my Brithday today \nAlso funneh. What happened to yhs
Your so funneh when I have a bad day I just watch you and I laugh
I love your vids
OMG FUNNEH EVERYONE WANTS TO PLAY WITH U
Yoooo
i want one
Haiiii
Early Squad??????
Omg I'm early ????????????????????????
hi luv u
I love u so much
Here come the money
IF U PRESS SUBCRIBE TO FUNNEH SHE MIGHT GIVE OUT A GIVE AWAY
Early yasss!! Ilysm ????????????????????????????????????
( ?^ ?? ?^)
oof
Ur the best youtuber
Lol
Luv u funneh!!!! Best vid ever ilysm ????????????
Yay new vid!!!
Go funneh
Clicked so fast
Hi funneh!
Love you  funneh
Funneh more flee please? It's hard to watch if you do live. Sorry
Hi
If you are early leave a likw
I LOVE U SM FUNNEH AND THE KREW!!
Omg hi subsribed
I am early
I am finally early
Early
I love youuu funneh
I just reached 20 subs Funneh!
First
Wow I’m early
Not late!
EARLY FINALLY!!!!\n\n\n\n\n\n\nIf I can't be first than early will have to do
Hi first
YASSSS
yas iam early
Yay im third
254rd yay!.......IM SAD STILL
Hi
I love you Funneh
Hi love u I’m soo excited for the holiday pack????????
I love u funneh and the krew ??
Roses are red violets are blue I love funneh I hope you do to
funneh is the best
Early Potato
Hi
Yass I'm super early
All hail the *krew*??
Ilysm 63rd
First
Oooh fancy Krew ????????
Give me some money too or feel the wrath of cats scratching you.
Yay I’m early!!
Upi
Ummm idk
HEWO!
YAY! I'm a early potato ?? \nI LOVE YOU AND THE KREW
Hi funneh
You made my day
Omg Funneh I love you soo much!! Like if you agree
I love you guys!!! You make my day ??
Wuv u funneh
I'M LATE GREAT!
PILLOWS!!! IM GONNA ASK MY MUM FOR CHORED TO GET MINEY FOR YOUR MERCH GURLLLLL
Funneh I'm a new sub so can I plz get 10 likes and get pinned
Ya Yeet potatos
Hi funneh
34 like and 8 comment
Hey
Yo yo yo were the fam at
lolololol XD
IM FINALLY EARLY BOIIISSS
Subscribe to Esquire wire
Love ?? you guys
The krew is made for the bouji life
Money
I love funneh like this comment if you agree
Heyyyyy okurrrrrrrrrr!
Hi funneh 2
YAS FUNNEH AND THE KREW
Yaaa yeet
Early
2
First
Hello ily krew
EARLY!!
253rd
FUNNEH!! ^•.•^
Luxury  Funneh And The krew Is the Best!!! :D
19th early
I love your vids so much krew
Heyyy i love you
YASSS IM EARY FINALLY!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Hai
YAY I’m the some people who is first before 100
256 view 33 like ???
Early potato
happy remembrance day!\nmay god bless everyone who has fought for us! thank you.
Early Potato
early
Love Your Videos Funneh
Haiuiiii
First squad
:)
YAY
Hi
Hi
EARLY YAY
Luv ya
Hai funneh I'm ToATalLY made for the luxury life
HI PLS NOTICE ME!!!
2nd like
so cutee the dog!
Early!!
28th comment
I think
Hiiii
Hi!
? ???? ???
NEW MAJESTIC VIDEO
hellooooooooooos
Hi
??
32 like
Yyyyyyyaaaaaaassssss
First love you
Never gonna be first BUT I’m never ganna be last
Hi
Yes
hi
HELLO
ILY FUNNEH
Hi
Hi
Hi
Gucci fam
Early
Omg i erly
Love you
Hi I love ur vids and I love you guys
Hi it’s funneh your the best youtuber :)
YASSSSSSSSSSSSS
8th one
Yass I did 2 like
I love you
No
Hi
YAAYAYAYY IM EARLY!!!!
Ilysm I'm early and legends say if you say itsfunneh likes ketchup chips, she pins ur comment
omg hi funneh
Hi
SECOND ONE HERE
IF U PRESS MY RED BUTTON I WILL PRESS YOURS!!\n\n\n??????
Early potato squad where u at!
OMG IM EARLY YA
Hi me 2
POSTED 20 SECONDS AGO
here before 5 views
First. Love vid
1
I heard the legend that if you say the YouTuber’s name 5 times they will pin your comment. But is it really true? ??\n\nItsFunneh\nItsFunneh\nItsFunneh\nItsFunneh\nItsFunneh\n\n\nNope\n    Nope\nNope\n   Nope\nNope\n    Nope\nNope\n    Nope\nNope\n    Nope\nNope\n    Nope \nNope\n    Nope \nNope\n   Nope\nNope\n    Nope\nNope\n   Nope\nNope\n   Nope\n Nope\n   Nope\nNope\n    Nope\nNope\n Nope \nI guess not ??
First YAY ??
I bought the holiday pack I’m sooooooo happy
EARLY
Hi 2
Early
Hai
Hiiiii
OMG HI ILY I'M EARLY
Hi
Second
Earlyyy was second :)) \nNice outfits Krew ?? \nI love you guys ?????
Hi
*hi
IF U PRESS MY RED BUTTON I WILL PRESS YOURS!!\n\n\n??????
YASS NEW VIDEO!
Yay
Heyyyyyyy
Hi
Hi 1
I died laughing at the acting ????????
God, this was great. The FUGUUUU
This was fucking incredible!!
God I would pay to see them do this again
Ryan went full Overhaul on Gavin at the end
PLEASE DO MOREEEEE
If I'm being honest,,,, that wasn't that interesting. Clue isn't the best game to play in Minecraft
Still don’t understand how to play this game ????
How many times was the Library suggested before Michael realized that he had the book?
wait, the final item that clue has is a gun< so why are't they using a bow and arrow
Ryan the "I don't like to be touched" guy.
I accuse Gavin, in the Lounge, with the Swedish Fish
So i rewatched part 1 and 2 up to the point where michael realized he does have the Library clue and kept notes from each person, and no. Michael did not screw up the game for not knowing he had the library clue. Up until that point when he realized he has the clue he did not have the opportunity to having to show it
I remeber the achievement hunters in Minecraft
Play it again
Wow I actually had it right last episode. I’m typically arse at this game
I mean it was Obvious FISHHHHHHHHH AND Gavins Love For MOONBALLS
Well, they've done a lot of work on their base off-camera. It looks all neat and tidy now, rather than chaos, chaos and more chaos.
Gerki, is that you?
It's pretty much the same thing every turn, but their roleplaying was so entertaining hahaha.
I think there are times Gavin wasn't paying attention when people announced suggestions with clues that HE had so... he... cheated? Accidentally? And won? Kinda?
Ryan accidentally opening the answer chest really ruined this for me. Eliminating an accusation from him left options on the table that could've changed the ending. Thanks Ryan
Best game of Cludo I've ever seen! ??????
Every board game that's turned into a variant in minecraft last about 3x longer than the classic games, but I'm not complaining
Animated?
Still have no clue on how this game works.
omg this was so fun, I'd love to see yall play the real game!
Cluedo*
I still don't know the rules of clue
does Geoff voice a character in red dead 2, a bloke that works in one of the stations sounds exactly like him
the sound gavin made at 10:54 had me in stitches edit: as did the series of events at 12:42 edit again: just gavin in general
Gavin must of used the Teleporter from Spaceballs...
is anybody else still confused on how this game works?
Galacticraft looks weird.
So glad I finally understand how the game works, during the last 2 minutes of the letsplays
37:15 I FUCKING CALLED IT!!!
The role playing makes this game so much more fun to watch
Michael not knowing he had the item was amazing, Ryan disqualifying himself made me laugh, but Gavin's book made him the star.
this is a late comment but i could have sworn i saw someone in the last video have green dye.
Little do they know, it was Ryan with an undercooked fish
I like that no viewers know how to play, and Gavin just uses his normal boring British voice ;)
I still don’t know how to play Clue, but from what I have seen, it does not look like fun...
This is the kinda shit that got me really watchin these guys in the first place! Would love to see more like this!
Ryan: "I died by snacking." LOLOLOLOL There's a reason I've been relaxing on Fridays with this show for disturbingly close to seven years now.
I don’t even know what the fuck is going on but it’s funny ????
GG guys
WHAT HOW
14:35 completely underrated moment
When Michael suggested Geoff, I and hesitated over the murder weapon I'd hoped he was going to say "...with a HERRING!"
The accents are so irritating in this gameplay series and I love it haha
Was really hoping Ryan was the killer
It took me half the video to realize that Michael and Jeremy don't have on the Halloween texture pack, and i'm sad they never realized that either
YES! back to galacticraft whoooo!!!!
Bless this series
I have a question I really really hope gets answered on ahwu, if a fan (maybe meee) made a map for you guys would you guys play it? Like if it was another board game map or if it was a story map designed specifically for you guys.
Geoff your in the Red Dead 2 credits as "Geoff Lazer Ramsey"
why cant they just roll a die on their desk? i feel like they've handicapped themselves with the dispensers
I GUESSED IT but I was way off in part 1
Has anyone noticed how different Michael laughs now?
Twice win and in a row. He is already doing so much better than in achievecity
Buff ass llama
10:48 if you rember the symbols and clues everyone got the clue Gavin got was that black mask thing not the chicken so Gavin messed up
Michael went this entire game without realizing he didn't have the Halloween graphics on
I know itd be repetiti e but id love to see a clue lets roll
I really couldn't ever understand any of it at all. I get that they were trying to figure out who had what items, but how does that make sense with the final items? Were they trying to match the items of the players colour, the room, and the murder weapon? Made absolutely no sense at all
Gavin was so brain dead during this whole video, lol.
if achievement city worked he would have to expand his trophy room of victory
YALL STILL WATCHING MINECRAFT!!?!?! I HAVENT CHECKED IN SINCE 2017...CAN ANYONE FILL ME IN ON THE WINS AND INTERESTING SHIT?!??
I know grand strategy isn't really your shtick, but I wish you guys could give a shot at Stellaris once 2.2 and the Megacorp DLC comes out.
These guys were high when they made this shit LMAO come on hahahahahaha I love this fucking episode. And yes i know they weren't actually high, but fuck. Hilarious
What the hell is a tower of pimps?
I wonder why micoo didn't have the texture pack enabled
It's like Battlefield Jousting Ryan times 6 with added chaos (Lindsey) and stupid (Matt).
hey last year the nightmare just released closed beta
I want an I'm addicted to parmesan cheese t-shirt.
You guys got to play this again and if Gavin already look then didn't jack win really?
I still don't understand
I MADE IT INTO A LETS PLAY
I still don't understand what is going on here
As they close in on the killer, Gavin begins to worry the worst about himself. He takes a moment to take note in his journal. He writes, "I think they are onto me. I think I'm the killer. I don't remember doing a killing, but they ain't call me Gave Slittie for nowt. Ennit. Please give all my minecraftly posessions to someone I care about. Maybe Turney and my cats. Turney don't really like minecraft, though. Maybe just the cat. She likes to swat at the cursor." He looks over his note one last time, and continues to try and clear his name. XD
lmao michael just screaming NAYETH put me in a laughing fit
By far the stupidest game of Clue I have ever seen. But Gav the Slittie was enjoyable.
28:38 Lindsay for savage lmao
Ryan's hunger was full so I don't buy the steak excuse...
ngl that was a bit of a shit ending :(
Hardcore Tabletop Season 2: Clue, but an actual murder has been committed
Knock Knock Yes Uh,, thats not how you answer that-(Unintelligible) Erm, Who's There? XD
Now we finally know who murdered Dirk...
I like that Ryan said library in French ?? that was nice lol
And in the actual cluedo game, I am almost certain you have to get to the basement stairs to accuse. It means you can try slow people down by dragging them into distant rooms with accusations.
26:32
Jack accusing people of murdering with a hoe... which was in his goddamn hand the whole time. Cmon
Still don't get the game
If the weapon was a fish I would’ve been amazed. That would’ve been 2 fish murder videos in 2 days
Ya'll playing minecraft still? Nice
Their reactions to everything was great ??????
I still have no clue how to play ??
They should make Murder in Minecraft
I watched the entirety of both parts (and loosely kept track of who had what) but I still do not understand how anyone figured out who did it and with what (let alone the room). HOW DO YOU FIGURE THAT STUFF OUT IN CLUE? I'm serious. How do you figure it out? I assume that I'm either over- or under-thinking it all.
Getting caught up on it's always sunny. Kinda teared up at the end of the gang escapes episode. Lovin the season so far.
Lol I love how this devolved by half way through the first part. Funny af
J"acc..... Je sugere!
Didn't jeremy say in ahwu that this was supposed to be galactacraft?
Can we please get Minecraft Clue LPs like once a month. New themes, new maps, new locations, ideas, weapons, expand on the idea of Clue Matt Bragg because these couple of Let's Plays we're absolutely phenomenal
How does the killer win
I still don’t understand but this was so enjoyable I didn’t mind.
40:37 "Why didn't someone tell me my ass was so big!"
Still don't know why you guys just don't rename the items
Spoilers Of course gav slittie would slit with fugu
Are we just gonna ignore that some of them aren't using the texture pack
Id love to see them do this game again with pre-scripted characters and face cams, the dramatic characters really made the episode.
Where the fuck is the next Galacticraft episode jesus christ release it already !
I'm still kinda lost how the game works, can someone explain?
Why is Lindsey still there...what happen to "i have work to do". Damn she really needs the attention.
Who else goes and reads the comments in the same voice that they do in the video.
I love how everyone caught on who the killer was but Michael...
Oh my goodness, Ryan eliminating himself was so sad but so funny lol
Episode two of trying to figure out how the game works. 10 minutes in and I still don't know.
Matt built the pool table pockets wrong.
"This is how most games of clue go" Maybe if no one's played the game ever...
Shouldn't Jack have technically won? Gavin opened the chest before Jack accused
I absolutely have ZERO idea on wtf is going on, like what the hell is this.
I was so enthralled by Gavin's open letter.
After two episodes I kinda still don't know how to play this
Kinda sucks that they separated these by a week. Had somewhat of an idea of what weapon was used or who it might be but a week later I’ve lost all recollection of the clues we saw in the first video. And not gonna rewatch an entire 40 minute video to refresh my memory.
I hate that they quit half way through
26:32 "MICHAEL SHOW HIM THE THING" EXCELLENT COMEDIC TIMING LIL J, I DIED
I'm about to look like such a fucking loser but here it goes, if Achievement Hunter had a class trial this is what who would be who. Geoff-Kaito: Claims to be the leader and will try to take charge in order to find the murderer but will often let other solve it for him and claim it was because of his good leadership skills. Jack-Gonta: Carries a lot of good qualities to succeed but is too good natured to really take it into effect when solving the mystery. Ryan-Rantaro: Shady motherfucker, he seems to have the feel of a murderer, mastermind, and victim all in one. Whether or not he's good or bad is up to anyone's guess. Jeremy-Ryoma: Short, somewhat deceiving appearance, but when motivated can be a truly dangerous force. Michael-Shuuichi: Emphatic yet pragmatic, will try to find a balance in order to reach the truth. Somewhat naive and unsure of himself and his abilities to perform well. Gavin-Kokichi: Manipulative Troll, will do everything in his power to ensure he's entertained and not bored. The person nobody likes but has to put up with due to just how crafty of a bastard he can be and to not want to be on his bad side.
we learned the negative effects of teleportation from space balls and yet they still do it
Michael ruins everything.
I still don't understand how this game works.
Ryan your food was full. You couldn't eat the steak even if you wanted to
i was with micheal the whole time lmao it was only till the end i understood how this game works
These videos suck ass.
I finally understand how Clue works now.
77k views in 7 hours? Ouch.
Can we get 1.14 appreciation?
I have no fucking idea why it was Gavin.
I was tracking who had shown what to whom without looking in inventories. I had the Ballroom marked as most probable from last episode because of how often it got called in the early game without a rebuttal. That wasn't definite, but I would have guessed it first.
Wait so what did Michael do
Okay, I just had like Nam flashbacks the way Michael said "Oof" around 5:36 because of you remember old minecraft that's the noise your character would make if he got hurt
of course it's Gavin who wins by default lol
Tis a pity this was filmed before the Hitman 2 livestream, so much fishing
I just realized they could have named all of the items to make this whole thing so much easier.......
Ryan was f word and he tried to eat a steak but he open the chest 32:22
Gotta love gavin
“they ain’t call me Gav Slittie for nowt. Ennit.” Never change, Gavin.
called it in the last video
I need a "SLITTIE GON SLIT" t-shirt
where is galactacraft
So why do Matt and Lindsay have a different texture pack on to everyone else? Is everyone supposed to have it or are they not supposed to have it? Or does it just not matter at all?
How long has it been since Gavin won the tower?
14:35 I was born
Ryan died as he lived: Snacking.
Whenever they play board games in Minecraft like this they should play them in real life first so everyone understands the rules and objectives??
40:35 inset spaceballs reference here
3:30 Gavin suggests Gavin-Noose-Library. Michael says he cannot disprove it. Michael has the book for the library in his hotbar as he says it. Michael is stupid.
So once again Gavin proves he can only win by luck. Good game but disappointing ending. To paraphrase a Michael quote "You gave the win to Gavin you morons." Had Ryan not fuck up and Michel not been an idiot and choose Jeremy Jack would have won because at the end it was down to 3 rooms. Ryan never picked one because of the steak incident and Michael threw his option out by accusing Jeremy when the murderer had already been identify and the weapon that was used. So Ryan and Michael gave Gavin a free win.
Wow Clue game is every bit as boring as I thought it was. Still wonder is what would have happened if Ryan didnt screw up and looked in the chest.
falls out of a spiderweb eugh.. I was born..
I thought I understood this in the first part, now I am 100% certain I have no idea what is going on.
Why haven't you guys played RDR 2 yet? Been wanting you guys to interact with the NPCs voiced by Geoff and Jack.
all cool but where is my moon adveture
14:34 “...I was born”
The AH Animated for this and the first part will definitely have monocles.
Gavin's little diary entry was so cute!
Anyone know what's going on with thier ark let's play and if they are going to play ark:extinction?
Matt should've made the Kitchen symbol uncooked chicken to avoid confusion
Remember when ahwu said it was gonna be galacticraft
By never playing clue I was so confused lol but I loved the overacting and gab writing his will. I hope they make another video in this since micoo and gav know how to play now!! P.S loved Gavin winning
yay gavin won!
Happy Halloween erryone
I guess we all knew who the killer was, it was quite obvious.
Ryan: the steaks are high
Ryan you are just not funny
Whoops, maybe should have used a bookshelf to represent the Library.
Michael back at it again getting drunk and ruining videos
Ryan: Great beasties! What's happened to his head? Jeremy: It's on Backwards! Gavin: Why didn't somebody tell me my ass was so big?
Think I understood the game at the same time as Michael.
Big Oof.
I teleported home last night with Ron and Sid and Meg Ron stole Meggy's heart away and I got Sidney's leg.
Aww! Jack should have known when he made a suggestion that no one had the clue to. I knew what room when no one could show him the room. Aww man! Good game. It was fun to watch. :3
God damn these guys are so fucking dumb
Gavin wins and gets hin in the fucking face, I love it.
Most confused let's plays
I find it hard to believe Ryan was trying to eat when he had full hunger
Honestly these Clue episodes, starting about halfway through the first part when they really started getting into it, have been some of my favorite episodes in a while
Wait so.. if Gavin accidentally opened the chest then Jack should’ve won cuz Gavin would’ve been out ????
"They don't call me Gav Slittie for nowt. Ennit." So British lol
Man, they're really busting on Jack Hughes this episode.
I'm writing this comment to push the spoilers down
23:23 Michel is funny
Honestly 38:00 Till the end of that sequence of events, had me gasping for air from laughter.
100% do again
Also I just realized they don't all have the same textrue pack Did t rreallize that was possible
Gavin never gets to suggest anyone because he keeps getting pulled to other rooms and they won't let him make suggestions in those rooms. That's wrong the rules say he can. You can make suggestions in rooms you're pulled to otherwise people could completely shut you down.
The flaw in the game tho is that that Gavin is getting teleported around and can't make suggestions in the room so of best trying to get to a specific room he fucked isn't he
Great video, I think Matt kinda screwed this up by giving everyone cooked fished, when that's a room
Huh it's funny how I only realize how Cluedo is played right after finishing this part. What really made it entertaining was everyone gasping, yelling and over-dramatizing every suggestion and accusation to the end.
I dunno whats going on in this after 2 parts still but its devolved into silly voices and I like it.
oh man I was really excited about a new galacticraft
Round 2???????????
Their over acting is so good. Made funnier by the fact that last episode at the beginning they weren't doing it and then Jeremy started to do the voice and everyone jumped on the wagon. Can't wait to see if there's an AH Animated about these two Clue episodes.
I have such a clue right now
Fucking Michael made this game take so much longer because he's a retard.
Spent the better part of two episodes wondering whether they would realize that they all aren't using the texture pack. Was disappointed.
“Guys, I think I’m addicted to Parmesan cheese...” okay, ME.
This was a really cool af minecraft game. They should make this a real mode somehow ?? or give it as a preset map creation. This is something gamers could play on party night
Micheal had the book
Ohh it appears to be aaaa torture chamber. Matt- "you can feed the zombies too if you want to" #TooFunny ??
But... Gavin admitted to cheating. He's a cheaty peek, just like Ryan. Jack won.
Isn't this the first victory by default, because that's just great if that's the case
I still have no idea how this game works.
I feel like Gavin is really bored at this game.
14:37 Gavin was born breathing fire! Gavin is a dragon! (0o0)
his trophy room continues to grow
And Number 1 on the list of Top 10 Anime Betrayals is, of course, Ryan’s Stomach!
I have no idea how to play Clue but I'm excited to see how this turns out
Michael coming ro the realization that he's the least competent Achievement Hunter is the sweetest music my ears have ever heard.
Watching this episode made me think of the secret tunnel song from avatar and if you read this you will too SECRET!!!!!TUNNEL!!!! SECRET TUNNEL
Shout out amazing build.
lindsay the camera people aren't allowed to talk or laugh
They must of all died on the moon. seems like no more Galactacraft
2 weeks of no galacticraft?!?! Are you crazy?
I thought this episode I would watch carefully since (I basically just put on part 1 and played AC odyssey) Thought I would keep notes and play along Then I realized it’s really easy when you can see their inventory....
Babyrage Yes, hello youtube? Babyrage this late halloween special minecraft episode Babyrage is interrupting my Galactacraft marathon Babyrage
35 minutes in multiple accusations made and I still have no idea how you're supposed to know who the murderer is.
LOOOOOOOOL cheating ass ryan opening the chest
"For nowt. Ennit." - Who else do you think, 2018 XD
26:32 Best exclamation in Clue
Man just go to the moon already and stop with the fillers..
I wish this one hadn't been split up into two parts. Would have been a long video, but that week long break in between was long enough for me to get bored and figure out who did it. Kind of ruined the ending of this one somewhat.
SPOILER wow another tower of pimps win for gavin!! weird.
Michael is me in every clue game ever
next week aquatic update video?
28:10 Jeremy decided he didn't want to become the second murderer.
Glad to hear good ol ryan from creeper soccer x xD
So, I say we all just, uh, kill Matt, yeah?
Gavin in the ballroom with the undercooked fish and he gets away with it. There, I saved you forty minutes of their horrendous accents.
Clue would make much more sense if it was like... the Murderer called the crime ahead of time, and gave out the clues, in a saw-madhouse kind of fashion, and instead you were searching for the victim. It would explain the whole... being the murderer the whole time, thing.
how many ppl know there is a master clue? i have it and its amazing, its bigger more
Does Ryan like Rick&Morty? I could see him doing the whole"Don't touch me" thing either way
Now we can get back to our regularly scheduled Galacticcraft
Anyone else feel it was blatantly obvious who would be the killer. Not that it takes away the actual game
Please make a red dead redemption 2 let's watch.
In which everyone is an idiot.
Gavin writing his will gave me life.
One of the best minecraft... Great job Matt..
I still have no idea how this game works.
29:56 Ryan the flub guy.
I WANNA GO TO SPACE!!!!!!
I accuse agent 47 in the ballroom with a fish!
14:34 The birth of Gav Slittie
When you don't know how to play so you pretty much copy what Jeremy suggested
32:26 I love that everybody crowds around Ryan in-game as well as yelling at him.
I wish one of them would have made a suggestion using all of the items they themselves held and the watched the madness ensue when none of the other players could disprove there suggestion.
Ryan "Ice Breaker" Haywood
The most undeserved Win ever lol
New shirt idea: a pot of green dye, a fish, and a snowball.
Every game of clue I’ve ever played has finished with the first accusation being correct
The first part was way better
I got that they were bored (as was i tbh) but that is not how you play Clue
This crap again >_>
@LetsPlay how often do you guys film while stoned. Who is the big stoner in LetsPlay?
I have a minecraft let's play idea Make all different colored ballons
I haven't seen that glitch in teleporters since Spaceballs!!
when is ark coming back?
I love that Gavin didn't win because he played the game or because he was smart... he won because everyone else lost
Based on the Hitman 2 stream my accusation would've been Ryan with the undercooked fish in the middle of street.
Why do they feel the need to ruin their videos with their terrible accents?
I still don't understand how to win Ok, it makes sense now, they just only went to like 3 rooms
This weird thing happened. Occasionally, my headphone wire gets pulled on while it's plugged in, and now occasionally audio cuts out. But the weirder part is that videos buffer and sometimes even go into a strange fast-motion mode...
After watching the hitman live stream, it is obviously Ryan with a fish in Columbia
Low-key was hoping Gavin would yell "Why didn't somebody tell me my ass was so big?!" when his head was on backwards
Unpopular opinion, prefer this over galactacraft.
Dammit I forgot my own accusation from the first episode...
Loved this love CLUE. Tho they should have named all the items as the confused everyone. Also outside pen and paper really do help.
They said in AHWU that it was supposed to be a Space Play
Ryan straight up Rick Sanchezed Gavin!
Gavin became Spaceballs’ President Scroob after the teleportation.
Watched a How to Play Clue video to try understand what was going on I still have no Clue....
Ryan stroking out (again) at 29:57 was pretty great
Best thing to do: If you start with a person, room, and weapon, try to use that combo as soon as possible and freak out the other players with your clairvoyance
I love this melodrama acting they’re doing. It seems like they’re really having fun.
ARE YOU READY NOW GAVIN FREE!!!
GALACTACRAFT!!!!!! Why you no here?!?!?!?
Michael: I will make an accusation! Me: Sees how long is left in the video Me: Yeah that's not gonna go well
I have no fucking idea what the fuck was happening or how to play Clue but this was great
It’s so hard to tell if Jack is drunk or is really committed to the bit this video.
Ryan died by eating steak... that’s how I want to go out
Risk in minecraft with mobs as the armies?
it pains me that matt didn't name the items after the things the represented. like the noose is just called "lead" etc
Honestly, this one was one of the more harder let's plays to sit through and not shake your head and groan in annoyance by the lack of competence. - Michael being the dumb shit and not understanding the game properly ruins a lot. - Them constantly mixing up accusations and suggestions got really annoying. - Their failure to listen when the suggestors are listing off the items is also very annoying, as is when they constantly forget the items of the room they're fucking walking into. - Too many accidental wrongdoings because they can't control themselves. i.e. Ryan opening the chest and disqualifying himself because he was hungry. Seriously though I love you guys, but would it kill you to do a Let's Play where you adhere to the rules and not act like a bunch of hyper children or idiots. Feel bad for Matt for all the time he puts into these builds only to have them just disregard everything.
The overdramatic acting is the best part of this.
The fact this place didn't burn down was a miracle in itself
Geoff blatantly cheats or miscounts and for some reason I'm triggered by that. Noticed it in the first one as well.
I have such a big clue right now
Their reactions really turned a boring game into something way much funnier.
This was funny as shit! The ending was so good, I hope they build more boardgames in Minecraft.
The only way for Gavin to win is by default.
3:31 Michael you have the Library book!!!
"Buff ass llama" That is all.
They do not have a CLUE how to play this! XD
Gavin at 40:35... "Why didn't somebody tell me my ass was so big?"
I love how in Ryan’s explanation to how he opened the chest to eat steak, he had a full food bar
Unless Haunter is on YouTube then I cannot watch it. Sorry ?????
Just realized Jeremy doesn’t have the Halloween pack activated. Everything looks vanilla on his footage
I like that they are role playing in this one. It really ups the comedic value.
I've only watched both parts, Because I have nothing better to do with my time away from work.
Gav Slittie.
Galacticcraft next week?
Only realized at the end of the episode that Michael wasn't using the texture pack.
This is a good series! A break from the modded minecraft
I've waited 2 weeks for the next galacticraft. What in the actual f is going on here. This is getting to be ridicules
The last 10 minutes was some of the funniest bit of Minecraft there has been for a while.
Geoff is awesome
29:58 Lauunge
Poor Ryan... Edgar’s fallen brethren finally claim their vengeance...
nice new Galacticraft. Kidding this is better than galacticraft
WHERE IS GALACTACRAFT
I low key want monopoly again but the original XD
Extra Life is Tomorrow so be prepared everyone.
You know, I really wished Gavin said, “And I would’ve gotten away with it too, if it weren’t for you meddling wankers.” But it’s ok
In the End the murderer was Ryan with the Typed commands in the Hallway
NONONO SUGGESTION SUGGESTION ?????? damnit jack
Even when he wins he gets his Diary read... Poor gavin
havent enjoyed a minecraft letsplay in a long time. might have to do with most of the og cast. but i am loving this
I would love to see a let's roll in good ole traditional clue
Sorry guys but im just not really feeling this for minecraft. I like it and its a little funny but its just to slow and repetitive for me.
Ah yes, Clue, also known as Gavin Learns Admin Commands
nooo gavin that was the Eating chicken not the Clue chicken.
Ryan: Guys I think I'm addicted to Parmesan cheese... Me: Isn't everybody?
Gavin writing his will is adorable. The cat shall have the Gay mansion
If you think I'm gonna watch part 1 to see if Michael's opps comes up, you'd be darn tootin right.
As someone who’s never played Clue before, this is fairly confusing and fairly entertaining
Don’t get me wrong, this clue let’s play is good, but I crave galacticraft.
Still not sure how clue works
I dunno why y'all moaning, i prefer this to galactacraft personally. But galactacraft isn't dead because they've taken a break
Not waited so anxiously for a mine craft lets play since a week ago
I can wait another week for Galacticraft for this if this ends up being as funny as it was last week, lol!
This channel is amazing I'm so glad I discovered achievement Hunter in 2011 been a fan ever since
I think they are onto me. I think I'm the killer. I don't remember doing a killing, but they ain't call me Gav Slittie for nowt. Ennit. Please give all my minecraftly possesions to someone I care about. Maybe turney and my cats. Turney don't really like minecraft, though. Maybe just the cat. She likes to swat at the cursor. But hey, maybe I didn't do the killing with the fugu. But also... SLITTIE GON SLIT, sincerely, Gavin the killer.
Wow. Never expected that Matt was the killer. That’s crazy
Man, as much as these guys build and play board games in Minecraft, they should just do videos where they play actual games in real life for content.
RIP galactacraft
#needGalactiCraftEpisode12
I just happened to refresh my subscription feed in case something showed up and wow I got it at just the right time
Ryan is the killer
The killer was Jeremy's Popplio all along
There series is amazing
Wish I could watch Achivement Haunter but I allready used that 30 day free trial... Fuck being poor ;-;
This is all just limbo, after crashing on the moon, the gang died. Only one can come back... only one can win.
Before the video ends I am going to guess Ryan is the killer. Even if I get it wrong he is still guilty of murdering something else.
9/10. Needs more Tim Curry.
Please try something like Crazy Craft once gilactacraft is done
to those who said they werent doing these in a row and said i was wrong go fuck yourself i was right cunts
10th
9th comment 30th like
Yes Clue part 2 Thumbs up!!
love this channel??
Ah
the age of spooks are over now its age of the no nuting festival
Fifth!!! Came from morder of bird livestream Go RWBY!!
This is the weirdest galactacraft ever!
6th!!!! woot
1
Ohhh yeaaaa
SSG ambition uses skt t1 zac skin while they fight skt t1...
wtf 7 kills all game. league looks good but needs dotas depth.
Anyone here after "Rise" ????
RISE ndeaaaaaah
Rise! Rise!
Well looks like I'm a bit late
score is 0-0 at 23 mins final score is 7-0 is this soccer?
people waited 40 min to actually see some action in the game, what a boring game
Those guys are giving SKT too much credit...
I came here to watch faker play leblanc.
Im still crying for faker ;-; T-T
the crowd attendance looked as though they were watching a match of Real Madrid. ??
Legends never die thats true
whatthefuck this is so bored
The way Faker is proudly sitting he is really giving the vibe of anime final boss
noob varus
Ssg is SSW ??
lol this for nerds ??
great game..lol,can i share him at my fresh lol wabsite?? https://www.lolplays.org/
American game 2017 World Championship Korean team vs Korean team lol
Huni is the first person i have seen use a non snowday gnar skin
Faker stupidest player in the game, loser.
waiting for that SSG xayah and SSG janna skins
40:00 first blood 22:38 In beonze it is at min.00:30 XD
They could of just stole baron and let gragas die only. That was the major turning point. And 4 with baron split pushing would have helped. Wow ssg dominated
This skt is not the same skt we know ...
Anyone Else Hears The Loud Burp In 13:11? And Another One At 42:26? AND ANOTHER ONE AT 42:56
k honestly I know like pro players and all that, but honestly this game has become soooooooooooooooooooooooo boring to watch. literally the WORLD CHAMPIONSHIP, NOTHING HAPPENS for like 25 minutes while they just walk around and pve.
why can i watch lolesport only on 720p? like they are the only one that i cant watch smoothly on 1080p...
Samsung galaxy is win rules is the best
SSG???skt?????
That drag can someone explain it to me??
Sooo it's ok to rush certain boots? I see Malz and Varus did ??
Yup, Hunni is thrash.
Lol anyone else think this just looks like ordinary league playing?
I want to see Samsung Tristana skin for tribute to MVP Bang so i can use it when i feel like trolling and play against my own team for fun...!!!
Scary, how LoL resembles real life. They don't have to kill you to completely dominate you. They just wear you down with superior strategy. I hope SKT learns enough from their defeats and gives an earthshaking comeback to be back, where they belong - no. 1 of the world (Korea, for all that matters here).
So sad for Faker ..
4:0 by whole game ? BOOOORIIINNGGGG Riot killed league of legends TANKS TANKS SHIELDS SHIELDS and not fun anymore.
Deficio talks way too much in his casts. There are two other casters. I want to hear someone else's perspective for a change.
Who's here because it was on 9gag?
SSG is the best example of winning a game with pushing
Just like SSW years ago. Play the map. Systematic.
This was a sold match for sure. SKT didn't even do anything serious about warding and cleaning wards, and they didn't do anything about like.. nothing. I hope it was worth for them to sell this one. Happy to see others win tho.
Can't believe skt allowed themselves to lose oh well
everyone is like SKT played so bad, comon give some credit to SSG their season and run was a great one.
Everyone of them has glasses... duh.
the announcers keep saying that skt always have amazing comebacks. ya know if there suppose to be this amazing team shouldnt they never have to comeback? XD
One of the worst game i have ever seen in my life (I've played lol since 7 years) Honestly, no ganks during lane phase, no kills, no teamfight at all because they are not worth, only 100% focus on objectives. Riot really you destroyed your own game in the name of the moneygod. What a pity
Can you guys figure out a way to post the games without people seeing that there’s only three games, once we watch this game it spoils the rest because we will know who won.
Losing is part of becoming stronger and better
Why is freak casting the grand finals? that guy is too annoying for me too watch.
they should't have to initiate a team fight after peanut stole the baron what a wrong move
SSG with an awesome game
Papa Smithy best commentator ! Such a nice guy and very good commentary
Can I just say, lol has 120 champions. Only 13or 14 is viable
This was very boring to watch though, no fights going on at all
Varus skin is like woman arrow in the Metin2 ????
Skt got paid to lose, so disappointed ??
You got Huni. you win the game. he is very understable
Faker is thinking about who is the best ad carry, and he find its Bang, Bang can defeat faker.
Legends never d....... wait a minute!
unicorn of love will win next year
Peanut Steals Baron from SSG (big mistakes there) and Dies . Should be the End of the play...but Faker Flashes into the baron Pit IMO is the mistake that led to the 4 kills, So Weird of him , Maybe he hoped he will melt them with their Mr down from baron ?! too risky , too costy GGWP SSG well deserved.
Gnar wants a play safe.
You should have dummy videos for game four and five. It’s hard to not see that’s there’s only three games, so whoever wins the first game won the series. It’s a request from people like me who like to be in suspense.
Wow. Lulu vs. Janna! How exciting!
already knew the results Before the finals..... SKT have been so inconsistent this split. They change their roster so much that they never get attuned with each other..
SKT just got out rotated lol
3 things should happen: need to change top laner of SKT. Huni is not good enough. Secondly, replace Peanut. Thirdly, Bang made so many mistakes, I think, he is not bothered any more.
39:50 Why did SKT even decided to commit to this fight? They could of just let Gragas's death be worth it since he stole the baron,they also had no wards for huni to teleport til it was too late and wasn't in mega gnar to make any plays nor even close to it. with the baron buff SKT they could of just turtled it out til gragas respawns again. Im no SKT fanboy but it was dumb to make that move
GET REKT!
this matches are soooooooooooooooooooooo boring, it's just both teams farming, 2 team fights and that's it...
Me juego lo que sea que esto está arreglado. No puede ser coincidencia que hayan jugado tan mal... Deme hace muy obvio que perdieron a propósito
Spoiler Alert - Faker cries
53:40 "only 5 kills" ... I guess 2 of those didn't count :P
1.02.56 / GURAG... GURAGURAGURAGURAGURAGURAGURAAAAAAA NIIIIICEUUUUU!!! LMAO!
Rewatching and wondering if Faker was feeling tired
lol 0.58 LMS and South east asia XD so good
I think skt lost the game of wards hard time thats why they lost
53:35 that tilted faker face
you guys need to upload 5 videos for every game. This is so stupid, Ive had every game ruined for me just by looking to my right after game 1.
???,SKT???????
good guy observer nailing it on Kobe's vision request
If they were japanesse they already comited suicide, 3-0 its a huge beat up
Skt.bang,the only ADC on the world to beat faker...
SSG Zac with skt skin LOL
so much diversity for support builds and champions x)
Omg this is the worst skt t1 team ever this was beter when bengi and duke where here :(
What if Riot paid SKT to perform badly this year??? :O issa joke
Wolf been wolfing...them steaks...
Almost a perfect game.? The broadcasters wanted a pentakill???? Ha ha ha funny
Why does everyone hate skt? Should SKT lose on purpose without a real fight every year?? Wtf are your problems dudes
Is nobody going to talk about the fact that Ambition used SKT Zac ?
It just took me the longest time to realize Zac had the SKT skin, rip
Faker cry because of bang he is so so so bad in the final
complete shutdown. AHAHAHAHAHAH well played SSG
SKT T1 Zac ;)
The feel when you use a skt skin against skt
3 mountain dragons Congratulations Riot, you have successfully pulled down the GOD wait, no RIOT you are the GOD
Just ssg wins Skt win they get no skins so for wad just let others Selfish skt
As soon as I saw the varus pick for SK, I knew they would lose ! Worst ad pick ever ! Why Bang dont pick a Twitch -_-
Finally new skins I am happy about it.
How many people were there?
I'm broken!
This is a list of all off the Highlights. If you don't want to see/read spoilers don't continue Reading. This is probably the most boring match in Worlds 2017. 20:33 Crown nearly solos Faker 39:50 Fight around Baron 50:39 Cuvee 1 vs 2 52:50 Last engae, Stay till the end.
11:43, the panda eyebags, that gave it away the results. I like him a lot as a player especially in the Jhin/Ashe meta, those were precise as a robot. Maybe he still has it, but when the mentality is not there, you would not perform anything.
The crowd is huge. Makes me feel proud.
11:55 Pick & Ban 17:05 Game Start
what was the best midlane play they've ever seen from faker? Which game was it?
Oof
Picks and bans : 11:57 Game starts at 16:44 You're welcome :D
boohoo cry baby
Someone captured faker tilted and crying face??
gg
it wokrs now
Anyway GG for SSG, I'm tired that always wins SKT team and their performance was very bad in this championship. (misfits was near to victory and i remember them as winners of this championship)
Why won't it work
Hello world! First comment :)