Whoops - looks like my computer had a bit of a rendering hiccup around the 5:00 mark. In case it wasn't clear, that part just said that both sites provide step-by-step solutions that you can follow along with.
and i hateeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee schoollllllllll!!!!!!!
i hateee math
For us? Olympiad kids? Please make 1
2:12 ...my balls GOTTEM
Someone tell me I won’t do this later on in life.
I am better now thanks 2 + 2 = 5 Thanks for helping
I like math. I just don't know how to do it. I'm planning to do economy at college.
mom: studying hard I imagine!
yoooooo i suck at math i neeed help!
He is so ugly
I feel very good and ready after watching this video,thanks for the tips !
Thank you for arabic translate ?
MATH = Mental Amusement To Human. I say human. Practice is not the key to get better at Math. The key is understand the basic and fundamental Theorem and Theory realization in different cases. But the harsh truth is everyone just practice and practice and practice and practice a lot of math and they take it as a subject and as a result Math seems to them MATH = Mental Abuse To Human. All of you have to take Math as a language and To learn a language you have to know the grammar and Fundamentals comprehension behind it. So stop advising practice more and more. So in a one line, You have to get your knife first to cut your apple, without your knife you will always bite it with your teeth simultenously and That is the practice more and more.
sadly, many people that are not good at math are too lazy to do these...
I need to get better at math big time. I suck
Thomas, why do some people still think mathematics is counting? Why do they say it's difficult even then?
Math is like a game of chess... I don't know to play chess
Math is da best
Wow ur IQ is high
????
His eyes... How can you listen straight after having to look into his memorising eyes for at least 10 seconds? No wonder I don't understand math..
Well.. I don't want to be a nitpicker, but there's a difference between sum (9n)^1/n - 6 and sum [(9n)^1/n - 6] ...the first one is not equal to [(9*(1)^2/1) - 6] + [(9*(2)^2/2) - 6] + ..... + [(9*(n)^2/n) - 6] but to [(9*(1)^2/1) + (9*(2)^2/2) + .... + (9*(n)^2/n)] - 6
Well this is my first year as a maths student I love maths I used to get excellent marks .but unfortunately it wasn't the case for my first exam in maths science I had a dreadful mark so am just wondering if maths science is only for genious and stuff or it's just about working hard!! my mind is a mess Rn! especially I'm a maths student . maths is all I care about ?? any advices ??!!
that quote about finding an easier problem is good... but what if you cant solve 1+1 then what 0_0 XD
The only thing that is stops me from getting on the honor roll is math. I WILL STUDY HARD EVERYDAY
Algebra, bruh
KUMON
1+1
3:28. No it doesnt. Everyone is able to make mistakes in any subject (except for things like re and philosophy where is pretty much impossible to be "wrong" despite the fact that what you're saying makes no sense).
0:45. You do need to understand what you're doing and why you're doing it as well. Otherwise you're less likely to remember it.
Eur
B
Help with homework what’s 2+2
I have a test in 3 days!!!
I really need help with math. I dont have money to afford kumon or a tutor. My teacher sucks at explaining and now im failing.
Ilove math and science
??ty
Your not bad at Math, Your just lazy
(e to the i pi (+1)) is 0
Well math give me AIDS
M: Mental A: Abuse T: to H: humanity, E: everyone M: must A: aggressively T: try I: intelectual C: complex S: solutions. Did that make any sense? I guess so
I built my house of Wood, stabbed an elk with my spear, dried it in salt for the winter, planted potatos for for my kids.. and no atom bomb popped out from it...
you're so cuteeeee!!!!!
Who’s doing this for GSCE I am
??????????
I love math.
Sorry but how will this sumation problem help me in life. Answer that.
Math is hard
Å
1: there will always be a sphere that can be used to measure the abstract visual. because all problems exist within a radius value of influence, if you spin it an infinite series of times from point a to b in any direction you will result in a sphere. 2: most of these problems don't matter. 3: when you have to measure something to build or design, use a calculator or relative tool to focus on your vision at hand rather than wasting time pondering answers.
Sooo I'm going to go somewhere else and learn summation cause I am in 6th grade. K bye.
Try photomath also its a really good app and it always explains it step by step.
Thank you your videos are a big help??
Do, how to become interested in math (i hate math)
Is he right about the free book?
Thank u this really helped me
Thank u this really helped me
@ANTSTER TIME
Hello I like math
I HATE MATH
I had a test today and I was stuck on two questions and I just wanted to cry. Math makes me want to quit school.
Why is that: Americans say "math" British say "maths"
Skip to 6:57 for summary
Why getting better at math ? Math is too boring !
0:07 no I thought , " what is the nature of reality "
So maths is actually even worse than any other subject, in other subjects you can still memorize and also understand the concept fine but in MATH the only way is through REPEATED PRACTICE which in my mind is kind of like repeated memorization till you figure out some very inconspicuous pattern.
6:30 I swear to the Almighty God this is the ONLY REASON I was never able to pass math [traditionally] the instructor assigns a problem everybody has to work through and when the other student's breathing, moving and grunting distract you to the point you can't finish the professor wants to put you on blast in front of everyone in the class. I swear to God I don't see why they can't offer an online option to every math course. I took 3 algebra courses online got 2 A'S and one c [I got ill]. Why do stupid ass teachers do that!!?? Teacher: "lets group your old ass non trad student up with Becky the evil high school graduate who hates you for no reason but we will entertain her because she is a child and you are probably a rapist for deciding to return t o school in your mid 40's to receive a cs degree." Shit, just tell me where I can download the lesson video and give me the homework, I'll show up in 6 weeks to ace the test.
Too late; I needed this 13 years ago. I wonder if the teachers I had and the rigid curriculum was why I hated math. Maybe if I was able to learn at my own pace, I wouldn't have hated math so much.
PhotoMath is a good phone app to help you - it scans the equation on your paper, gives you the answer and the solution to get to the answer.
Math shouldn’t put as a subject, It’s not language u cannot speak it, Who created it at the first place, But to be better we have to practice,practice,practice
I work as a software engineer. I'm senior level and been in my field for 20 years. I really want to increase my mathematics understanding
What the fuck is man's saying?
Definitely gonna use the quadratic equation in my practice as a lawyer
I took mine today and my tip is to do the free response first, then the multiple choice. I was able to finish and actually had time to go over my answers.
0:00 E=Mc^2
My birth mother did drugs arround me when I was a baby. My academic skill is slower.
First, get an unlimited data plan.
I gotten a ad about math
Time goes faster when I do math that's why I don't like math
I AM that person who HATES math........
I HATE MATHS
Yo bro i am studying in 12th right now and our teachers are rushing with the subjects so quickly that you cant even understand whats actually going on i just feel like staying back one year and learning everything all over again but i cant just waste one year of mine like that i am really stuck here i get your entire point and the people at my college just byheart everystep of solving a problem and get good marks cuz they cant ask any complicated problem in our tests. And i who is trying to understand something will be able to do good at some chapters but lac k really badly on the other i just cant solve a problem without undeestanding the concepts and my exams are next week. I wish i had enough time. I am just hear to tell everyone that if you are studying in ashitty AF college like mine just start of learning way before your teachers even start. And sacrifice your fun times to study i wish some one told me this before cuz i regret it badly. If you are stuck on a chap just visit sal khan @khanacademy.com he does a really good job of explaing most of the concepts really well and also aims for mastery
honestly.... for me doing math is like watching a chinese movies without subtitles
It's because fortnite ugh ok I'll slow down!
I'm Asian and I bring great disappointment to my family.
seroiusly do you know what does this came from ? 2x - 23 (the 3 is up) . 5 = 14
MATH, GROW UP AND SOLVE YOUR OWN PROBLEMS!!
I was watching this in math class on my phone and the boy sitting next to me was guessing jobs with no math, lol
who just went down in the comments
I got a citation for being habitually truant in high school because I couldn't do math. You think i'm lying I know. I would as well. The good news is even the judge thought it was stupid I got a ticket. The bad news is i'm now 20 and I still don't know my multiplication tables...
Maths
I don’t get it
i already knew that...
I do not understand anything but I find this video so soothing and I love to make “exactly, yeah I got it” like” face expression while watching this. ehmmm
What the fuck is wrong the that sum symbol
I mean I'm not bad at math because I wasn't bad at it last year I got all A's and B's but this year my teacher will out stuff on quizzes that we didn't learn ever ??
I don't know why i want to improve my maths i get 80% on my test im in year 10
Math is beautiful for me , I enjoy spending time with math ...
I'm in the top class of my year. I have the most annoying teacher alive. He can't teach a thing. He understands it, but we don't. He doesn't explain the questions well enough even when you ask him to explain it better. I really need math and I feel like I'm going to fail.
While this is great advice for how to divide and conquer the computation of a math problem, a lot of math requires rigorous proofs. How do these concepts for computing a problem translate to proving a statement?
I see mathematic as a complex language's
Yeah no. Im not doing this any time soon.
I’m a math person
ITS NOT THAT IM NOT SMART..... IM JUST TOO LAZY!
I LOVE MATHEMATICS!!!! (I know, i'm strange)
15 years too late lol
But i'm too lazy
I’m already getting easy A’s in math but I found this video very informative with good examples and some good humor. Keep it up! :)
*1 plus 2 is four, minus 1 that 6 quik mefs.
believe me i was trash at maths in 5th grade i wasn't good even at multiplication I'm doing calculus in 8th grade now It may be because i'm gifted but anyone else can do it. it doesn't need much practice as people may assume, it requires an understanding of the topic, believe me practice is useless without understanding, without understanding, it's called mugging up when you're studying a formula understand WHY the formula works HOW the creator of it made it, understand the concepts and how they work, that alone will make you good at math
Find the coordinates of the two points on the curve y=4-x^2 which tangents intersect at the point (-1,7)
Me here trying to explain my mom I CAN'T PAUSE ONLINE GAMES!!
thanks man this is very helpful and makes sense
Lol that sigma at the thumbnail looking thicc
number lines,and bench marks....... SCREW ME UP!!!!!!!
Im in year 9, below average in maths; shitty teacher who doesnt discipline the class, or even teach well. I enjoy maths but i fall behind too. The uni degree i want requires Calc III. Would it be possible for me to learn everything in 3 years?
Math is not hard your just lazy to do it
Simple : Just listen to your teacher not sleeping :D
step 1: buy a graphing calculator
Thanks
Pro tip: 1) Practice algebraic manipulation. 1.5) Learn relevant identities and relevant manipulation rules. 2) Substitute parts of your problem with variables. 3) Solve for the general case. 4) Plug in the original values. Voila!
Thx I got better at math
1st math test question: What is 20% of "free"?
Very interesting! Thank you!
This is actually how I got to be relatively good at math. Practice like a HELL, then I started to appreciate the beauty of math and finally I fell in love with math and, now I study phisics at university.
That Order of Ecclesia poster on the back keeps distracting me from the video. Also, did you intentionally round down p in 3:54 instead of rounding it off just to piss people off? XD
wata bag of boredom. sad, sad.sad camera hugger.
I didn’t understand a single thing
Whenever I can do oral math, I do it. Just seeing random numbers anywhere and doing something with it. Now I am basically like a discount calculator or something.
Step 1: Be Asian Step 2: Done
With Thomas Frank, at 07:13am Malaysia time, my life at Math changes. A burst of search of 20years of math, and it just ended in 9:40seconds. God bless you Frank, the Math-life changing man! .
pi is 3,14159265359 you said 3,141592653589
CODING. CODING IS THE ANSWER.
I spy with my attentive eye, Castlevania 5.
OR I AM JUST DUMB
It takes me 1 and a half hour to finish one problem
At school, I have the most difficult questions, for example 0 + 0 PLS HELP BALDI TEACHING MEEEEEEEE
Photomath is also a good tool for step by step solution
I am bad at maths and English which is easy to me all grade was bad now in collage so two two again accept childcare study now ( Mum tell me to watch learning stuff because I am dum) .
An example of why I think I have a problem with learning math is the exponent part you did there. Usually the operations are explained but the underlying concepts or 'proofs' are not. So I can learn the reflexive action in this case 'fractional exponent can be factored to include 1/2 which is a square root), but that's all I have. This isn't a complaint against you but sums up (pun unintended but accepted) my general experience with math. I feel like if I know the concepts anything is possible. But finding them all explained well with reasoning and visualisation is the most difficult part.
I suck at math!!! Seriously suck at math
Math is solved like any other problem in life. Its not all that different. For most problems, the way of thinking is the same. Also notion of abstraction is fundamental to being great at math. If you re struggling with solving practical problems it means you re missing some abstract knowledge or not thinking of the most fundamental properties crucial to the problem. But yeah, like said in the videos, great problem solving skills are chunking and converting a problem into an easier problem and using analogy to sopve the more difficult one is something everyone uses in their daily lives but doesnt really think about it. Being great at math or any other math/logic based sience is all about being self aware and how you solve every day problems, thinking on how to improve them and applying these methods to any kind of other problems, hence why abstraction and analogy are useful.
I got a question when do I multiply by the reciprocal of a number being multiplied by a group of parentheses and do I divide the parentheses by the reciprocal or does it just cancel also is 1m/1m 1 or m
Ok so 91% of your grade is your grade on assignments and tests and 9% is your teacher. As of now my math teacher says nothing about due dates the only thing she says ahead of time is tests and she gives about about 2-3 tests a week and spends 1 day on the subject, gives us the homework, sometimes she doesn't even collect the work for the whole class and puts it in the grade book as missing. After she spends the single day on the subject the next day is the test. Everyone complains about how many tests she gives. -_-
This video havin half a million views says something.
I got a 90 on a math text one grade higher than my grade lvl btw i am not boasting
Ahhh...math. The ONE damn subject I'm bad at. High school's coming next year. I NEEDS TO GIT GUD!!!
Super Brother I am week in maths your video give me boosting and an new idea for me thankyou for this video
Thanks
Can I get the solution of 9709_2018_p13_may
be asian
Thank u soooooooooooo much!!!!!!!!!!111!!!????????
I can be better. If I actually don't miss out the day where the teacher starts the new chapter and tell's everything you need to know and then next day is a surprise test and if you don't pass = FAIL MATH
i just failed my math test today and it sucks :(
what the shit
Contrast
Go watch khan academy I watch rick and morty I know what I’m talking about
Photomath for iPad
Thomas, that is not a complex fraction. I think frog/frog=1
Is this discrete math?
???
how to be best at math can you do a video
Thank you this was very helpful.
math can be easy and math can be difficult. it's stupid to say math is difficult. it is smarter to say that some area of math is difficult. adding and subtracting is easy. there is so much easy math. the reason why you study difficult math is that it helps you. why would you study something that you already know well? of course you are supposed to study difficult math. that is the way to proceed as an individual.
Even if you master the concepts Some messed up question will appear which has nothing to do with what you learned.
Like u brother
I love how youtube recommmends this to me just when I'm having trouble studying maths
math is the most hated subject in school ;-;
my classmates make fun of my score i always get 0 or 1 score :(,and im a girl,why cant i be the girl in my school they look so pretty and im here ugly like i wanna go to a another school,imma kill myself bye world
Still don't get it
Thank you Thomas
I'll never get smart at math
Wen i was about to watch this there was a math ad????
Funny 5 Out of 4 People Struggle with Math t-shirt https://www.amazon.com/dp/B07GTPLS59
you start from were you are math wise learn it. most people are scared of learning back from what they don't know its ego thing
I am not at all a maths person whatsoever
You know what’s easy? Biology. -Says the Bio major.
People normally look for tips and tricks to get better at Math while avoiding practice. However, there really is no way around it, just practice and maintain useful yet enjoyable study skills.
I scored above average on the AIME (American Invitational Mathematics Exam), which is a math competition for the top people who take the AMC and got a six. This is really true. I was only able to get good at math from practice, practice, practice and I need to practice more if I am going to make the USA(J)MO.
0:16 you're wrong. what about those people, who have ADD like me? well physically i can learn of course, but mentally i really can't
I do not good maths at all all my grade at secondary school result was not good never like b or c or a or higher then this now some real exam now on holiday my result come at soon o have no idea what result made lot pray about this not revise person I do revise not smart
Cool
I love math
Really good videos
I actually got know how to do summation and more thankyou ???
Hi. Thanks again. Physics, Philosophy, Advanced Math are second hardest next to: programming- it's the hardest subject of them all.. God bless, Proverbs 31
...by slamming your head into the desk
yes but what's it for?
Thank you ssssooo mmmuuuucccchhhhhhhh
Ohhhh man it takes only 20 hour to get better in any field! Research has proven this!
Yeaaaa you lost me at "You have to do lots and lots of Math."
I love maths
I don't even have a firm grasp on fractions let alone fractional exponents. lol
This video made me feel stupid honestly
that's why EMBRACE math
3:04 Now this is what I always hated about math. To see possible ways to solve something say: is that even a valid approach??? how come this is acceptable?? Those would be my questions when reading the answers. Lol
i love this video so much....
Im 13 years old, 8th class, i dont want you to read this and think im just bragging and being greedy, but i gotta say, there is something with me, just random i got the best at math and i actually did a iq test, and i got 132 :#. Give me motivation to make me try to do good at other subjects when i have this ability XD
At 7:48 frank said Well the meaning of math is Many answers to humanity
And ever since I watch dis vids I got interested in math now... whyyyy
Nope
I love math ... But I'm not good at it xD
I assume you were high asf on recording of this video
NO HELP BOI??????
My science skill is unbelievable but my math is between C and D
Why, in the age of Wolfram Alpha, is any of this stuff even impressive, or necessary for that matter. Isn't just knowing how to frame a problem good enough?
Math...I think I'll stick with language arts.
I've had an still have issues with math, even at the years of 32 I was merely granted C out of compassion from my teacher. I have such a hard time with learning new concepts because they're simply not explained well enough, to me the examples are only providing the least minute information and leaves me to do the guesswork - but I don't know what rules applies at any given time as I expect them to be different with each formula. See it like this: If a formula can't be explained in one or two sentences in layman terms with no chance to be misinterpreted, then you've lost me.
I have to short of an attention. My bad, c yah.
#WHYWORKOUTYOURARMSWGENYOUCANWORKOUTYOURBRAIN
Who is already expert in math and watching this ??
I owe my thousand thanks to you????
Math is a waste of time not basic math but anything after Algebra 1 for me is a waste because what I want to be I don't really need it.
God your hot. I think you're my new crush... Mehbe. Charlie Puth is not as hot as you but still hot. I wonder if you're a model. ??????????
HI Tom all the things you say about Math is very good , the only problem is you are talking too fast, just low it down Mate.
yeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeah
Who lost him at the first easy example lol
No wonder, Books are better than this.
... My nose is bleeding. The blood came out of nowhere....
another app u can use to help find step by step solutions is photomath! u just have to take a pic of the problem and it converts it to text and then solves it! helped me so much the past few years!
My dumbass can't even do equations or division ??
Tnx bro
I get confused at (8/4)+(5206/2603)
i know maths
Thank you for the good advice. I do understand your need for making money, but it would be good to tell people about Khan Academy where they can learn math for free and probably at the same level of quality as at Brilliant.
Very interesting!
I don't understand anything
Thanks
Math is easy.... English is torture
it ´s true ,great .
My personal advice: 1) Know what you want to learn and what you know (realize where you are) 2) Get an explanation of the idea, visualize the solution (just to get you motivated) 3)Get a simple example well explained step by step, it can be a video or on paper, but have it in hand 4) Do a simple example yourself, different from the one you saw and with the answer step by step at the back for you to check, if you have any difficulty aid yourself with the other example 5)Do another example, maybe with just the end answer or with something different which makes it harder (for the last one you may need the answer step by step). 6) Do step 2 but no relate it to the exercises you've been doing 7) Do more exercises till you can write the steps you follow to do the problem, and do write down somewhere the steps for if you need them to study 8) Now you can move to the next topic 9) Cover many topics and you'll see how they require of each other; eventually you'll get a math intuition but that takes different time for different people This is the quick way of learning math but mathematicians don't really like it because scenically you are learning a "cooking recipe" rather than going straight to the abstract idea. And many feel it's kind of cheating
I took algebra 1 4 times in high school
I will grind
THIS IS FALSE. The thing about math that 95% of students don’t understand is that math is all about your thinking. How did Pythagoras develop is theorem? How did Euler develop is formulas? ALL THESE PEOPLE DID A LOT OF THINKING. The best way to develop math, is to develop your thinking. Students who just read the textbook, memorise what to do, are not doing math. They are just memorising. But students who are thinking a problem out as it’s own problem are actually doing math. Let me ask you all this, Why is it that when a number in the negative direction multiplied by a number in the negative direction result in a positive? Why is it that, when you divide fractions you flip the second fraction? If you can’t answer these questions, but you are still memorising these rules, your math will not improve, but it will certainly get worst than it already is.
Ok shut up and get to the product ur trying to sell scammer
The trouble I have is finding stuff to do. Does anyone know somewhere where I can just work through problems?
Great video. Thanks.
LOL'd! Who the hell would think of a Math problem when being asked to thing of a hard problem. Unless you're a student, then it's understandable... The first thing that came to mind for me is climate change
This guy gets it.
This is cool for school math. What about Olympiad math?
what
That's a hilarious sigma symbol in the thumbnail.
Wow I can barely do multiplication in my head
The key to become good at math is to ban school exams. Exams discourage the learning process.
Looks up how to become better at math, instantly bursts into tears bc I literally have no idea what any of that first problem means. Like at all. I completely give up.
I love this guy, he's a good lad.
I’m actually Average on maths :)
What is that book, whos page you are flipping in the introduction talking ?
I watched the video for a second and my brain started to hurt
John has three apples.He ate one. Calculate the mass of the sun. Can't solve that... 1+1=2 Just gonna stick with what i've got
yes daddy, teach me math
Its more complicated without using a calculator you could.easily get past that sigma notation in a test with using a calculator
Sow in m really good at math
M: ental A: buse T: to H: umans
Gracias! Ahora a practicarlo :)
What else do you suggest?
Im taking the test for the navy and im struggling ?? althought its a frealing highschool aruthemetics, algebra
How to do math: Step 1-write down question Step2-Cry.
The thing I find frustrating about math education (k - 12) is a lack of explanation. The logic, reasoning, and essentially the 'why' behind the concepts presented are never explained. For example, I know how to solve simple word problems involving systems of equations, but I can't explain why representing the problem in that format allows us to solve it. In fact, I don't really know when to use systems of equations except when I know we're in the section of the textbook that's talking about systems of equations.
Came for math, left with merch
Easy. Be interested in math,
4^(3/2) = (v4)^3 = 2^3 = 8 ;).
:((( I literally have no time to learn everything I don’t know in math somehow I found myself in a calc class and I just now realized the massive holes in my education
Oh well I tried
I'm searching math... and my little 10 year old brother is searching up how to get free v bucks on his iPad... smh......
2 years ago I solved a father and son problem. The son was 28 years older than the father. Since that day I hate math
jake gyllenhaal is that you?
In India , teachers teaches these when you are 9th grade....and in some parts of india there's a sub called advance mathematics from 8th grade...i took adv maths ...now it seems easy back then it not easy at all....complex numbers, permutation combination, difficult geometry,set theory ,etc .... Idk why they teach them so early but it seems like a help now
thanks
My biggest...and I mean my BIGGEST issue with math is simply this: WHY AM I DOING THIS? It's not that math is hard, it's not that it's boring, it's not that it's complicated or any of that. It simply serves NO PRACTICAL PURPOSE IN THE MOMENT. Sure I can solve the damned equation as long as I know how...but I need to know WHY I'm doing (all of) this to begin with. Show me something...anything that makes it more than pointless exposition. If I don't know why I need an equation to solve a problem I will never know to apply any equation to any problem appropriately. THAT is the problem with mathematics. It doesn't plug in anything else but abstract exposition.
I am great at every other class.
I’m good enough
I feel maths is like a language, the more you use it -- reading, writing, "speaking", "listening" -- the better and more "fluent", and you start with simple sentences and build up to more complex ones
Use Photomath
I used to be so good but I don't know what happened.
I love math, for me it is the easiest subject in school. I don't know why people hate it. Anybody can be good at math, they only need to practice. P.S. Sorry because of my bad english
I'm so bad at math that I couldn't finish this video. There was too much math in it for me.
I have a hard time remembering math formulas.. I will understand it now but, i will just forgot it later. Any tips?
WolframAlpha sells an app for $3 that also includes step-by-step solutions. Get it on your smartphone, and save a subscription fee.
This video should be translated to any language
Self-directed learning is just like every other skill - practice, practice, practice.
Kaizen for math
Liked just for the quote at the beginning. That's the quote that my favorite maths teacher used to say and it completely changed how I think about solving hard problems.
That moment you notice the video is a Brilliant add 10 seconds in, Smh
I've also found it can be really beneficial to use a tool to compare your wrong answer to the correct one. Sometimes you make bookkeeping errors or were shaky on one step, so if you see that the actual answer is, say, exactly double yours, you can start to dig at where a problem occured. Another great thing from wolfram alpha is that the paid step-by-step solution can actually help people NOT paying: you can see the very top of it, so it can give you a foothold for a head scratcher without spoiling the rest of the work.
i think history is harder than maths... and i dont know why ????????
umm.. math? ...yeah. You've got purdy eyes, man. Want to go camping on Brokeback?
Yu qeuro taco bell.
YOU ARE AWESOME. THOMAS...
This video just made me want to cry. I’ve never been good at math, I’ve had 5 math tutors and it’s helped 0% no matter how hard I try, I can’t do the most easiest questions. I frustrate my teachers and my parents and I just know I won’t pass my big maths exams. I’m sick of being told “practice” cause it just doesn’t work, I’m just useless when it comes to it, pretty sure my brain switches off.
"For GOD so loved the world that he gave his only begotten son that whosoever believes in him should not perish but have everlasting life."
I literally got 8/16 on my math test and this test may effect which class I'm going to do I'm not gonna be with my friends????
Your sigma could be my house
I love math
I Can Do Good At Addition A little Slow At Subtraction but multiplying? Feels Impossible But I can do it slowly dividing? Not A chance
I am just repeating what has been said but you'd better not use those math solving app. If you can ask someone like your teacher or your friend show you the way you have to take is much better. I've failed some exam because i used photomath to solve the hardest questions and in front of my sheet i couldn't find the right way to solve it.
The big problem in my life. Im good at other subject but not math last, I got A in math is when I was 8 years old I think. I feel like as I got bigger I got a terrible grade like 35%!! My family was so good in math but not me even my little brother always got A in ALL subject. And after I got terrible grade ,I feel that I hate math and not interested in math anymore. AND TOMORROW I HAVE AN EXAM AND IT MATH I HATE MY ENGLISH
Love the warp speed solving.. Sure, we get it..
calculus is so hard. i can't wait to get through calc 2 so i can graduate and never see it again
N = np
My goal is to go to Harvard
Sir you are great
I bet no one can solve my impossible math problem even when looking at this video.
l suck at math so badddddddddddddd l can’t even explain how bad l am at math ??????????????????????????????
I think having my maths gcse tomorrow is good enough motivation to get better at it
no tough problems just give me headaches and make me tired.
My problem is memory loss. I alot of the time i will forget how the process will work for quite a few of the problems. Half of the time i will look at the problem in a confused manner. One thing that irritates me is the words used. Such as the word of meaning a multiplication symbol or the word double meaning multiply as well. Why cant they just say multiply instead of substituting a word for multiplication in word problems?
Are you a RUSHER or a DRAGGER!!! badamtuss
Thanks!
;-) ????
You know that sensation when you solve an entire problem and you're 100% sure it's correct What is it like? ;-;
you have beautiful eyes omg
His speaking skill is brilliant
10 times 10000 = 100000
10^3=1000
10th grade geometry need I have a 81 and I’m nervous for the final
"How do you eat an elephant? One bite at a time." If my students get stuck, I tell them to take a smaller bite.
I am now 40 with an average IQ and I've just started learning math in my freetime (I am an ordinary salary man). I started with Larson Precalculus . It's a very good book for an old self-learner with an average IQ like me. After I have finished, I plan to learn Calculus, Geometry, Differential Equations, and Linear Algebra too. My goal is to finish Analysis : )
I hate math;)
Why am I here? I'm a 6th grader that study calculus!
I love maths but I usually get lost in my calculations and screw up. This helps me so much!
I can't find any reliable resources on solving recurrence equations by the Generatrix function method... I need actual examples of it to know da wei ma brotha
gracias
Simply love it!
I have no idea what you are talking about At my school everyone was bad at math
Still in 8th grade using a Pythagorean theorem sooooooo I don’t know any of the examples you’re giving me... (well some but most of them you’re showing I don’t get). Ahhh high school ;-; shits gonna suck
I hate math. That’s why I suck lol ?? ??
The thing is, I understand the concept and material pretty well most of the time and do most of my homework but I still manage to get not so great on my tests... why/how someone pls help me, this is a cry for help
Taking honors integrated 4 (pre calc) and stats next year as a sophomore and wanna be prepared
This video is better if watched 0.25X speed
How to apply algebra, geometry, calculus, etc. in my common life?
Thanks! This video is inspired me to learn Math more.
Ayye I learned sigma notation for my pre cal class
1:47 thats exactly my problem :)))) i hate doing that
I just came here, for multiplication problems.
This guy is so hot I can’t even focus
Like the Monty python reference
I LOVE DIS VIDEO, Thx for helping ( ?° ?? ?°)
Why does EVERYONE gets sponsored by brilliant.org? I mean of course its cool and I also use it but in almost every second video i watch at the end they say: „Brilliant.org is a great learning platform bla bla bla“ or sometimes: „This episode is brought to you by skillshare a online learning platform and so on“
i tried im still dumb
I completely agree! The more you work at Math the more you begin to understand it. The only problem here is time constraints. By the time you begin to start catching on to a certain problem your presented with a whole new set.. Either this or you are being tested on it before full mastery. Some people it takes considerably longer to catch onto solving mathematical problems, much like some people struggle with memorization of diagrams, definitions, etc.
Who else is studying for a math test
I am terrible at Math all my life. Which is ironic, since my father was an accountant.
1*1=1 wow mind blown
Was anything he just said English?
TBH I am already good at math but I need to study science cause I am so bad 40/50.
I’m taking the ACT in a year, and I’m really bad at math (i repeated Algebra 1 and Geometry) so this video is SO helpful. Thank you.
I've completed Geometry, Trigonometry, Calculus I-IV, Linear Algebra, taking Statistics now...I sure know I am NOT a freaking math person, I hate it and it sucks!!! p.s. unfortunately I was not born Asian, so my genes are not predetermined to be good at math
I mean I'm in a 1q class my 1q is low and we are learning some baby math and I'm trying my hardest to get out of these STUPID classes(: math and reading are my weak points btw
In my case, I didn't study math like almost nothing at high school, I don't remember about any concept. Now I'm studying on my own to get into college, in a course that is base on *MATH*, that's suicide, yeah I know, so I've been studying on my own, all subjects including MATH, from scracth and I can't even solve basic problems including multiplication, when I read the question/problem my mind goes blank.
***Maths
@6:31-6:49 me at the moment ok I am going back to my summations now! Funny how you did that lol
Math [SUCKES]
Dad:"everytime use ur phone to play games only" shows dad that im watching a maths video Dad:"oh... Nvm"
Khan academy and YouTube are my greatest helpers
Hungarian yaaay
I will start with 7+4
my poor subject is math class10 math is very hard which kind of the god made the subject math ahhahh i hate math man how can i be grnious in math subject
Am I the only one that game here because of my low ass math grade ?
Wtf 4*4*4=64?
216570200203o44948404949409404040494040403-928272829299292939392=846464838282919821082928
h who is scrolling thro the comments
6:26
heyy, i have a question, how do you solve those long wordy questions in maths and get better at them?
this video title should how to the best at math
In the words of my maths teacher: "if you want to learn how to solve problems, solve problems"
1+1
Trust me you tell us the exact solutions
I wanna get better at math 'cause I'm forced to. I really hate it. So much.
The lowest i got for math is 5/100.. No, I didn’t sleep during the test. Yes, i did revise. :(
Thanks, I subed
I'm good at math but my dang math teacher always forgets to give me homework and thinks its my fault that I absolutely NEVER have homework done
That tutor guy
I am like on the maths jurney I use Khan academy cosmolearn youtube online free textbooks, and maths stake exchange I have been doing it for the past 9 months I am at nearly the nd of algebra 1 stage I still strugle on cube roots and polynominals all I do is my best and hopless at simplyfyinh things but the more I do it the better I get I just play with it and do my best.
I'm nervous for the Math SAT...
It's hard to listen to what you are saying because your eyes are like melting my damn soul :( lol #YOUHAVEGORGEOUSEYES #MARRYME? #ISTILLCAN'TPAYATTENTIONBUTTHANKSANYWAYS
My teacher teaches me stuff I have no clue what he means. So when I go home I search it up on YouTube and see comments for people in collage working on this -_-
very good video ^^ thank you for the advices
You are so attractive K bye
Help! I Studied 1 week ahead for an math exam! Everyday 30-60min maths I thought i would get an B or an A but I GOT AN F and now I may need to repeat the year and if i need to repeat i need to leave the Country
Wow this shit is confusing lol but I’m going to keep trying to learn it
Hi Thomas (or anyone else for that matter) I find sometimes I can use a formula and get a right answer for various problems but I don't understand why the formula does what it does? By that I mean why it might divide two numbers and multiply others throughout the formula? Any advice on how to understand why the various parts of the formula are doing what they are doing? I find I get stuck on not understanding why a formula works and it frustrates me so much I find it difficult to move on. Most of the time I can use the formulas I'm given and manipulate them to get what I want but i don't understand the workings of the formula and how it gets what it does and I find I have a need to understand that. Any help and advice anyone can give will be met with much thanks, or point me in a direction to learn how to understand.
Fuck
Now I'm in the nerd group in my class
IT HELPED
Thanks! Now I'm gonna crack math problems often! ??
Simple... ????
How can I practice when I don't understand what I will practice I think I'm practicing my wrong solution lol
I'm so bad at math, trigonometry and all the shit I'm just bad at numbers idk am I even gonna graduate
You talk like jake gyllenhal
Awesome video thanks for the tips.
You left me behind the moment you wrote the first problem and my mind went blank. I never heard of a summation before now.
I'm in Grade 9 What i scored in my last exams out of 100. English: 87 Computer : 76 Maths : 23 EPH : 81 Social Studies : 78 Another shitty Maths : 36 My problem is with Maths :(
I disliked just to like again.
this video didn't teach me shit, but I liked the video anyway because of your appearance
Math is easy. Hardest subject is EaE..
Sees video: Bleeds from nose
I hate math because I'm dumb and I can't do it to save my life.
I thought of the Riemann zeta function.
That brilliant thingy is really something. Now I solve math problems first thing in the morning lying in bed. Beautiful way to procrastinate
Too many numbers, not really math. Actual math is mostly symbolic.
I too love you Brother. Live your life
Girls will be mad for this Math professor
This video is a Godsent! Now I can stop burning sacrifices!!??
The mitochondria is the power house of the-- woops wrong video
what about physics
Lmao im still failing the math exam
I'm normally averse to math speak, but when explained by someone so charismatic and devilishly handsome, it makes it 'exponentially' more tolerable! ????
Great video man, this was incredibly helpful. You’ve gained yourself one more subscriber keep up the great work???
Am I the only one who thinks that he looks like Enrique Iglesias ?
His. Eyes.
I HAVE MY SAT EXAMS IN TWO MONTHS PRAY FOR ME PLEASE
Some people are already good at maths tbh.
My worst subject is Language and Literature, though.
??????
I never watched this channel. Is it just about math? If it is i'm Gonna watch these videos all day so i can get better at math. I get low scores on UsaTestPrep. I'm horrblie at math. I'm good at ELA.
Well a solid amount of people in my class are feminists and I assume they believe math is sexist and wont do it
Considering the video is about maths, your first question would obviously spring a huge maths equation to mind.
thank you
And what if it was an African swallow carryng a coconut?
2:23 I'm a math major, and interestingly there are some problems that I can only do in my sleep. Integration problems in particular. I can wake up and know the answer to the problem, but have forgotten all about how I came to that result and be completely stumped when I try to solve it by hand (granted I spent more than seven hours figuring it out while I was asleep).
you helped me thank you
another extended ad fro Brilliant. ffs this is just another motivational video with the same advice your maths teacher will tell you..........
The only math that will help me in life is calculating Interest and compound interest, why the hell do I need to quadratic equations or summation.
I really appreciate you putting your time into this video. It’s the first video I’ve seen of your channel, but it really grabbed my attention, held it, and now I’m a proud subscriber. :) I’m terrified of starting high school next year. I’m currently in the 8th grade and have been striving for greatness in math. It’s currently the only thing holding my back on the ACTs and other standardized assessments, and I’m hoping I can apply the skills given to me in this video. When I was in 2nd grade, I was extremely defiant and never listened to anyone. As my mother would put it, I’ve always had a problem with authority. I never got my math done, nor did I ever listen to the teachers. Thanks to that, I got pulled behind in math. To my disadvantage, I am just now in the process of getting diagnosed with a developmental disorder, or some form of anxiety, we’re not quite sure of anything yet. I wish I would’ve said something earlier to prevent getting behind, but at least now, I have a shot at bettering myself. Thank you!
talent is just an ignorant excuse. its mostly 1% giftet and 99% hard work, patience and concentration.
It's like he can read my mind - 0:06
Lol I'm really good at maths.. Why am I here??
You stop watching videos about doing maths and actual do the do. Or just watch a video on actual math learning.
1 + 1 = 5
HI Tom, are there books that you could recommend which we can use to progressively learn new problems and grow. Also if you could include logic and Statistics that would FANTASTIC! Big thumbs up on your videos.
wow thanks, i didn't know about symbolab and it even has a "practice" part O.o
n=1 MARCELIUS MARTIROSIANAS
I love the 2:07 hitchhiker's guide to the galaxy easter egg
Brilliant is pretty awesome!
I have more fun with math when I'm high lmao puzzle time!
man looks stonedddddd wooooooot
This video melted my brain.... Poor me when I actually do maths
I still have Fs
It's not hard it's just my teachers who make us learn just to score good marks
I love maths but I just don't have much confidence, like if I see others I think they're better than me., I always think that I don't know anything??????
wow I regret that I just found your channel, I'm really struggling on math
Then if people aren't just math people then why does maths just click for some people and not others?
Frog over frog, the definition of a big fraction
Math probably isn't that hard, but being the lazy degenerate that I am I just make things harder for myself.
I live in Egypt but I am from Iraq so I hate Arabic SO BAD LIKE HELL!! And I ADORE ENGLISH SO BAD LIKE HELL!!! So I got this idea And it's Study math in English and when I need to say the solution in Arabic just do it easy WOOOOOW
Subscribed
It was actually "the airspeed velocity of an unladen swallow" (African or European?)
Tomorrow is my maths exam????????
Thank you and God Bless
Just do Quick mafs
5:44 Monty Python reference ??
Another thing is math is not about numbers
I'm 18 and still don't remember the multiplication table.
Math is simple; you just have to follow the steps.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IIDLcaQVMqw
Thank you for posting this video Thomas.
Sounds easy but it's not as easy at it sounds but very informative Thanks! ??
I use another app called "photomath"
I had to watch this 3x because I was very distracted by his beauty ...damn him....oh and THANKS great advice . Master the components will do
please create a facebook group.because i need to talk about my problem with you.
great video, wish i had thought of this at the beginning of this semester
I'm in 4th grade and well... I can't really remember the things my teacher tells me.
I remember in when I was in high school taking my chemistry class. I was failing for 99% of the year, but not for a lack of trying. I'd stay after school every day to get help with what I wasn't understanding (which was everything). My teacher came up to me near the end of the cool year and said, "I've noticed you're not doing so well in my class, even though you've been here every day working on your homework and asking questions. I respect that. I want you to know, that if you keep working this hard for the rest of the year, I GUARANTEE you will not fail this class." So I continued working diligently as I have been and sure enough, I passed the class with a solid 60%!
IM FAILING AT MATH AND IM IN 5TH GRADE REALLY DO NOT WANT TO GO TO SUMMER SCHOOL AND I DONT PASS SUMMMER SCHOOL I GET LEFT BACK . WHY IS MATH A THING . WHY IS MY LIFE SO HARD . WHY DOES SCHOOL EXCIST
Anyone got A in your grades and aced every test without studying?
I like your eyes, No homo.
Those are calculations, not math problems. Wolfram Alpha can't find any proofs for you.
i find easy maths boring,i find complex maths intresting >:D
thanks man
Im 14 and didn't understand lol
This video was very helpful for me.Good work, Thomas???
I know this is irrelavant to say but damn your eyes are pretty..
#Procrastinating
Thomas Frank, could you make one of these on the topic of Chemistry? Been struggling on the best way to learn and grasp the material. Thanks!
Just got here, love him already. This is legit math motivation. Making a new 'watch later' group
His eyes are soo beautiful ??
The Monthy Python reference killed me
His child (if he has one ) will be the next Albert instein
Why the hell im founding that video 8 hours after my math test???
"If you can't solve a problem, then there is an easier problem that you can solve: find it." Okay, I know 2+2=4 does that mean I know the circumference of an octagon?
Great
im good at math, but the only problem to me is ,I always forgot the formula used for solving ??
That is not math its physics math is the wing of physics
peters mother baked a batch of muffins there are 16 in a batch .peter ate 1/4of the batch . his mother baked two more batches . how many muffins were left... sir please
I'M DOOMED
I've done my maths lessons in school no need to get better at it. I'm working just as an accountant so what good would it do me anyway.
Another app that is really helpful and free to see step by step solution is PhotoMath. I use it to see if I get the correction solution or if not where I went wrong
I know math 2+2 is 4 - 1 that 3 quick MATHS
find an already solved equation, deconstruct it (figure out what happened from the beggining of the equation to the end) and solve the same equation with different values (6-7 times minimum for better memorization).
people in america and europe are lucky :p i studied your math before and it was 100 times easier than the books we study here in Egypt, it's insane if you compare the two.
i only need to pass the tests lmao, i don't really need the good grades, in my country i need to choose between taking 1) literature classes 2)science classes 3)mathematic classes i am going for science because that is what i am good at, but math is so freaking annoying to me, sometimes i am REALLY good at it, and the others i am just horrible. next year is the year i choose my class,i just need to keep it together and pass the test tomorrow.
I love you man! You give me the motivation to study and your videos are just perfect! Thank you so much for sharing your knowledge
Why am I here, I'm good at math, but I like the way to explain to be better at it, now I know how to do a summation problem ??
The equation you used is from physiqs
so every tvd fan is ignoring the fact that he looks like Stefan?
Traditional Mathematics is simple Calculus 1-4 were design by philosophy to calculate air landings and various volumes of abstract shapes as well as describe the infinitesimal. Pretty simple stuff because you can just plug and chug a set of steps to calculate changes. However real math is tough, how many of you guys haven proven existence,inclusion exclusion parity,cardinality,prove universal statements, or know about asymptotic functions. These problems are extremely hard even for somebody like me who has studied discrete mathematics for years. as well as studied probability and statistics/graph theory/numerical analysis/linear algebra/Calc 1 -4/ and algorithms. It takes genius to discover existence of a algorithm and dissecting it.Often, how somebody responds to proving some thing like "All students are great at mathematics" can tell me alot about your logic skills.
lol apply what I learned in the real world
Bad at math? Do statistics. Problem solved.
"What is the air speed velocity of a Swallow?" "What do you mean? African or European?" "I don't know that! Ahhhhhhhhh!"
How to get better at maths, instead of looking at these kind of videos, actually go to the table open up a math book and start thinking and understanding proofs and problems smh.
can you be by math tutor
This video made me feel like I wanna work maths longer than anytime!
sees title im already good at met- oh
Ever been trolled Read more
I got 97% in Maths. Is that bad? My parents say it is
For a start call it Maths
Why the fuck am i here, i had A's
I am not joking, I took 2 hours to solve an angle kind of question
This is very helpful especially since I’m starting a whole new semester! ????
I’m really good at math the first time I learn it and then I learn another concept and forget the old one ;-;
This did not help at all
Advice from a mathematics PhD candidate: - precalculus: you either know it or you don’t. Be sure you understand precalculus concepts through and through otherwise you’re gonna have a bad time in calculus and other classes like Analysis - Math is about understanding. DO NOT try to memorize how to solve a problem it will only lead to your demise. - Understand definitions in mathematics- what is a prime number/ polynomial/ rational expression - Mathematics can be found everywhere because it’s a universal language so become familiar with it. Like learning spoken (or signed) languages you have to push yourself to understand and construct complex sentences and abstract ideas so it’s ok to make mistakes - to build on the previous point, math, like any language, isn’t mastered in one day so don’t give up if you don’t get it the first time. - be sure to reach out for help AS SOON AS you don’t understand something - for upper level math classes like topology and analysis, go in with an open mind - have fun doing it. Math is straightforward and definitive. Once you master a concept in this field, it’s with you for life.
How to get better at maths: Be interested in the matter and practise a lot If it doesn't interest you: Don't even try. You can't force yourself to learn something
i'v always failed at math during my school life, however i was determined to fucking pass that shit. so i studied everyday for a month straight and well... passed xD
M ental A buse T o H umans
thomas sir uh r awesome
im a baboon on math , crap
I just found your YouTube channel and I have been binging all of your videos! Thanks Thomas, keep up the amazing work!
Hey! everyone try Photomath if you're an iPhone or Android user. It gives the step by step solution to most of your mathematical problems and it's free too.
if jeff had a twin named jeff and his father called for jeff, which jeff should come? edit:nvm i paused the vid while posting this.
4 to the power of 3 PLUS one half lololol
2+2 is 4 -1 thats three quick maths Everyday mans on the block smoke trees See ur gyal in the park That gyal is ukus When the ting went quac quac quac u man were ducking
I’ve been practicing for years, trying to challenge myself with difficult, more complex problems. Yet I still can’t effectively solve anything and I forget mostly all the techniques and ways to solve certain problems. I think I’m hopeless.
I will always lorn math??:)
You cheecky fellow, I see that monty python reference. I thought this was about math and I for sure wasnt expecting a spanish inquisition!
I hate math
Im good at math
I been doing this for year but I still suck at maths, maths just hates me so much
This dude is awesome
I've been looking at "Common Core" is total terribleness
Thank you frank
This summation symbol works just like" for loop" in Java,,??????
Another great website that helps greatly when doing math is *Desmos Graphing Calculator*. It allows you to graph your functions and understand them more easily. You can easily do transformations on functions and see what exactly happens.
Lol numbers in math... yeah I remember my first semester....
Guess what I want to have zero subscribe for you
I hate math stupid
I've been stuck at the pre-algebra level for 15 years. One thing I've noticed about math in general is that the formula's continue to grow in steps and length. Fuck up one part of the formula, the rest of the castle comes crashing down. Proceed back to the start point and try again!! Learning is repetition and as long as the particular college allows you as many tries as possible to get that passing grade to advance onto the next course, then that's a good thing. I mean, there's some schools out there that have a set limit on how many times they'll allow you take a course. After 4-5 tries, they tell you to effectively, piss off, and take your slow brain somewhere else. Piss on them.
The only way you get better is if you try.
Serious question, it's a good habit to study in advance the semester while you are in vacations?
The first problem that came up in me head is that my crush dont like me back
I have been doing math for 2 months and I can't put math in my Freaken head..!!??????
Just to save everyone personal time, the end conclusion here is know your basics.
Thanks very mutch!i am very happy because anyone speaks for math(sorry for my bad english)and good luck!
I’m letting his handsomeness distract me from what is coming out of his mouth
nice and plz subscribe the channel
I cliked on the video cuz i wanted to learn the thing that is in the tumbnail
Oh thanks for the video.....it helped me in my SAT’s
Hello,Sir ,?? You talked about Maths and I know that there is a slight difference between Maths and Statistics . Correct me if I am wrong , so I love to solve problems ...etc but the thing is that I have A subject this semester called "statistical Prediction " so I want to know how to get better in statistics too??
Is it bad that when Thomas told us to think of a hard problem I thought "My life."?
I do this everytime and often find myself doing the same question for 3-6 hours. Tbh I wanna quit
Heck, go and cheat in the exams. Learn things the hard way. Then you know the consequences.
I'll probably just stick with Khan Academy instead of brilliant
Nice work
i can not do multiplecation tables.trying for years.
You have to love maths to increase your ability in solving, like Euler's Constant
I like always was gazing at your beautiful face and had difficulty focusing on the content , damn ! Had to rewind again and again
This guy looks like Michael McCruden from Before They Were Famous.
Math is easy -Every Calculator
Thanks for videos from Nepal
All right but how to do it faster ?
Before watching this video my pre-calculus grade is 85% after watching tom’s video and series of math reviews I managed to score 95%! Thanks dude!
Here's a suggestion: find the most general solution possible first. Chances are, in multi-part problems, that you will be applying the same solution over and over again. If you can deconstruct the problem in the first part, the other parts will be much easier. The more general your initial solution, the more applicable it will be to following questions.
No I don't think math is every complex, hence, this is not my problem with it. Problem is that I can't study it in an organized course, because I know all the basic algebra and geometry. So getting it from the beginning is really really boring. So problem is how to begin.
lol im always lazy and im only fairly satisfactory in math XD but im good in other subjects, just not math
If you want to get better at math, the obvious first step would be to explore learning styles and figure out how your brain processes numbers and how you learn math to begin with. Everyone does not do these things in the same ways. The main reason so many people have grown up sucking at math is because they were taught in opposition to how they learned.
Please do one for English literature ???? I’m having loads of trouble with it. I’m given loads of creative writing tasks and my mind is always blank, and I always make stuff up as write and end up not getting the grade that I wanted ??
I’m in love ??
Q U I C K M A T H S
Photomath!
fuck. he is hot
I'm not actually in school... I just like math.
You have beautiful eyes
I hate Laplace Transforms, that's all...
probability?
When u would practise math all the time and still not be as good as your friend who was naturally good at math and never studied at all.
Now this is a beautiful mind! His beauty is distracting!
I'm in 6th grade. I don't do this #$%&
The secret is to pay more attention as you do a math problem. Most people make minor mistakes while doing a math problem that lead to the wrong answer.
My math teacher was the dog shit. So,i hate the math,now yet.
You have just earned one more sub
This guy is pretty handsome. You're lucky man
How can I not rush if my exam is tomorrow on 13 chapters!!!
i can't understand your easy example so i'am hopeless
math is hard fam every time i see a problem i don't know how to solve i get a raging boner
You are best YouTuber I ever know... Such a saviour u are.
very good!!!!
What did the boar say to the ring ?..,This show is BOAR-RING!!!,.. see because it's boar ring sounds like boring....... Ok bye you'll never see me again.
So learning the hardest math problems makes you better at solving the easier ones which you didn’t understand
This was do helpfull i like math but i have always had a hard time learning it.
Photomath is also an amazing application which shows all the steps to solve most equations.
Is that even possible lmao
Reaches 9:40. Doesn't add 20 seconds of BS. Be like Thomas.
Believe me Tom when I say Data Structure and Algorithms only gets harder. I'm taking a course for it now!
Thanks but you lost me at 3:06
When I'm watching this video my brain feels empty it doesn't even hurt at all while thinking
Math is a love hate relationship for me.
i am soo afraid of mathe
wow your math is way easier than the math we in greece do the math that we learn in 3rd grade of high is your 2nd year at college
Followed along at 4:29, bayes theorem, ok, aha, ok, gotit, ok, ... '= 1/3 TIMES BOX' Thanks math...
Please do a list of best website for hotel, airline, car booking that can be used by virtual assistant. ??
I love pizza
I was never very good at math so I decided to study it
This couldn't have came at a better time. Finals in 2 weeks and i'm pissing my pants about failing the module asdfghjkl.
Thanks Frank you're amazing!!!!Especialy for Brilliant it helped me a lot
The summation problem is much simpler without breaking up the fractional exponent. You are only going to input 1, 2, 3, and 4. By inputting 1, there is no fractional exponent (2/1). Inputting 2, there is no fractional exponent (2/2 = 1). Inputting 3 leaves you with the cube root of the quantity 9n^2, which is a whole number (9). Inputting 4 gives you 2/4 as the exponent, which reduces to 1/2, which implies the square root.
Christ he's like the hottest man I've ever seen.. them frickin eyes .. I actually die for them ... he looks like a mixture between Jake Gyllenhaal and Justin Bieber xxx
I am CRAP at math
I actually new most of this.. i was expecting something more unique...
Fck that i‘m giving up I‘d rather look for how to get better at „meth“
2 plus 2 is 4 minus 1 thats 3 quick mafs skrrrrra
Was that a monty python reference? ( 5:44 )
I think "practicing" is the key factor we need to master anything not only math.
Hi dad
Hey Thomas Frank! Here is a pretty cool article :The five-minute trick that helps Instagram’s CEO crush procrastination https://work.qz.com/999979/the-five-minute-trick-that-helps-instagrams-ceo-crush-procrastination/ Also tune in to our radio show, Girl Politics where we tackle burnout issues also making reference to some of your tips! Tune in on Emendyradio.co.za at 10:00 :)
practice + patrickjmt
PLEASE do a video of your current system, did you change anything from the last video you shown us about ur productivity system ?
Thanks brooo really appreciate ??
Sponsored by WolframAplha
oh look a video for everyone in this world.
TOM,PLEASE CAN U MAKE A VIDEO ON EVERY STUDY RESOURCES OUT THERE THAT WILL BE EFFECTIVE ON STUDENTS' WORK ?
my marks just crush my confidence every week
Can you do a video on adults returning to college/students with full time jobs?
OMG Monty Python jokes too! I love this channel! Seriously helps me get a grip on uni and graduating. Also really crushing on Thomas, so win win, I'd say :D! (I mean, how can you not crush on a handsome fellow with Arkham Horror on his wall in a lot of the backdrops?)
Here I am, a freshman in highschool. I'm struggling with multi-step equations. But after seeing Thomas do all of that, I think I'm just going to give up. On my last reported card I had straight A's except for one b- in Algebra 1. I have always hated Math and I always will. But this doesn't mean I don't appreciate the help though. Btw , I love your videos, Thomas.
Hey thomas, can you do a video about how to stop being a slow learner? Thanks in advance .
A good idea for a video would be about commitment contracts (like the economic concept), but for personal goals. Kind of like the happiness project that BoyInABand did, but more geared towards college students and how to create your own commitment contract. Thanks!
I am so happy that I am subscribed to you
Another great video from youu :) thomas, can you also make video how to save and spending less money on college students pleaaasseee????
this video made me worse..
Yo Thomas can make a video for high school students?
0:07 its thermodynamic, not math but still a great video !!! :D
THANK YOU!
SOS! If you're reading this thank you! Please help I have health insurance and other dues I need paid to my college in order to sign up for classes! I need it in the next few days because spots for classes are going fast! Anything you can donate to help is a blessing! My gofundme link is down below and you can verify more information there! https://www.gofundme.com/6m4kept8
Hey. Great video. Can you also make a video on how to write/make a blog? Thanks. Great fan here. :)
Sorry Bruh but this video is full of mistakes. How can you deny that some people's brains are more math oriented? I don't have a math brain. I can prove this. I put more time in to studying then most of my classmates. But I'm failing. It takes me longer to grasp new math concepts. You telling me this is all in my head? Nah. On the flip side. I've always been a great writer. I've always received top grades and praise for my writing style. My flow. My use of Grammer and punctuation to say what I want to say and have it sound how I want to sound. Other people can't write well. Why can I? I never practice. I never write outside of what's needed for school. Why the hell am I good at writing with minimal effort!? My own life supports that your wrong with this. And I can back it up with life experiance and reasoning. I'm not just making things up. I don't have a math friendly brain and every single tutor in the schools tutoring center knows this because I'm always in there. Always getting tutored. But failing. Why? Since we have very different views on this, if your interested, I would be down for an actual convo about the topic. I also want to add that genetics plays a critical role in one's potential intelligence, proven in studies, and seen in Steve Jobs own autobiography. Have you read it? You should. There is most certainly math brains and non math brains my friend. On this one you are mistaken.
How about a video on how to keep praticing math as a hobby for those who aren't in school or actively studying it? In high school i used to love math but i chose a humanistic path for my studies and i realized just now, watching your video, how much i miss the challenge of it and also how much i struggled to even remember what a summation is or even the most basic concepts. Where should i begin again?
I think on the example the exponent should have been outside the square root... not 100% sure though
I failed Cal II last semester feeling depressed with a D. I'm taking it now, doing well, and recently got a 91 on a test. Honestly, you have to just practice the concepts as they come along and find the time to master or at least partially master it.
I've been watching this channel since i was in 8th grade, now I'm in 11th and i don't think i would have gotten the grades i do without this channel. GOD BLESS YOU I HAVE A MATHS ASSIGNMENT THATS BEEN KILLING ME RIGHT NOW AND I FEEL MUCH BETTER
Whats ur profession
fuqthis im stupid
I've found that Khan Academy is great for learning math conceptually.
Well that ship has sailed
That example... my god :O
i LIKE YOUR THINKING!
I used to use beilliant in middle school!!
I'm bad at maths but then again I might have never really tried to work it out... What I do know is that I learn new languages fast. I'm on my fourth language now and still drowning in maths lol. So, maybe there are maths, science, arts, linguistic people... But it's nice that everyone's unique because I always find it fascinating to watch my friends whizz through maths while I'm stuck or just trying to memorise the steps because I gave up at understanding ??????
Thank you so much! Posted right before my calc and non calc test????
Thomas... I want your help!?? I am following uncountable studyyoutubers just bc i don't want that any useful study tip left. I feel uncomfortable. I have save 350+ videos of study tips in watch later....idk how to recover them i don't have enough time to watch them. I'm insane. Please help me!!!!!! Some of study video are like same By different youtubers. And i ended up by wasting my timing. Hatsoff to me!
Today, I almost decided to stop studying computer science - because the math required for pursuing this major was just too hard for me and i lost motivation day by day. So thanks Thomas that you uploaded this video just in time! :)
I just got out of school and I did fairly well at math, I was probably in the top 10 percentile but the problem is that all of what I learned is kinda fading slowly and slowly as I find it very difficult to apply my knowledge in the real world.
Khan Academy is completely free, and it seems pretty similar to Brilliant, although there are super helpful videos that explain the concept step-by-step. :)
I fucking love math. I don’t like how they teach math in high school “just memorize this formula” instead of breaking down how the formula is built and why. I’m blessed to have a dad who is a mathematician so when I have a problem he just shows me exactly how something comes to be ??
who can help me with add math grade 11 igcse problems?
Can you give advise for physic?
this video was over after 40 seconds
Thomas ..Have you considered as teaching as a career option? ..Please do! coz you will a hell of a teacher and kids will love you.
I love your videos they're so inspiring and motivational
Thomas could you make a video named : How to stand idiots in your class.
I love math, it is my favorite school subject :)
Can you tell me if their is a websites for math word problems
Waiting for your next book and it is taking forever
That strand of hair though!
Photomath is free and explains steps. Just take a picture of your math problem!
It's like Frank can sense what I need at certain points of my life ??
Thomas ,I need guidance to become good at English grammar
5:58 math-ster the concepts... :D
How do you always know what exactly I need help in? Your videos precisely correlate with my life!
How do you intuitively understand harmonic average?
Thank you. I’m failing math and need this.
this dropped into my feed from the heavens. Math Final next week thx bb
The 42 gag was awesome
Thanks so much for this video man, great job and much needed. Electrical Engineering student here completing the pre-reqs, I.e, calculus, physics, chemistry.
Nice video Thomas!
A video in my birthday.... I'm feeling blessed
African or European?
i have exams in 2 weeks and am so scared for maths fml
Love from Bangladesh. Your videos are truly amazing....
Beard tutorial please.
I completely agree with you on this. I'm in my fifth semester now studying mathematics and at first I was really impatient and struggled a lot, but maths is just a muscle that you have to train, as any other muscle in your body if you want to get better
Wait African or European swallow?
I'm in Calculus 4 (multivariable calculus - quarter system, not semester if anyone is confused about the number) and a lot of how I got here was from diligently practicing math for at least two to three hours a day. Practing more makes you more effective at answering problems and helped relieve a lot of my test anxiety. Also, I found helpful videos by Professor Leonard (amazing lectures), PatrickJMT, and Michele van Biezen.
Honestly just practise and stop hating it. Idk why so many people are lazy to do that but make fun of "nerds" that actually work towards being better at something. The amount of bullying and mocking that studious people get subjected to in Western schools is so mind boggling, how tf are you people raised?
left brain and right brain is true
Dislike. Not even gonna See it! Maths are evil! :(
Sorry but this isn't helpful at all, just showing off your level of maths. Try doing something for someone who isn't at YOUR level of maths in general, instead of making your EGO bigger.
Pro tip: The Wolfram Alpha app can be bought on Android for a one time fee as oppose to the subscription fee on the website. You get most of the same features. Not sure about ios as I don't use Apple products. Great video!
Suffering from mathophobia...
if anyone here is looking for a youtube channel that teaches math. go search patrickJMT, he got me through a lot of math subjects
Good tips, I agree. I was however surprised that the whole "Find someone who knows how to do the problem you're having trouble with, make friendly with them, then pick their brain for how they approach that kind of problem" was not included at the end. That has been a very successful tactic for me when written resources and practice aren't enough. I don't know if you have done a video on how to find, and properly pick the brain of a skilled person, but if so I would love to watch it. I've noticed in chatting up my professors that the process of getting each to reveal the tips and tricks that make learning their material easier is different for each person, but there are some common elements in each interaction. Simple stuff like establish a good rapport, be friendly, make yourself useful, ask them to work through specific examples and ask them why they are doing what they are doing for each step of the process you don't understand. Thanks for the knowledge, +1 thumbs up to you Thomas Frank.
Probably the most perfect reference ever to Hitchhiker's Guide ??
2+2 is four, minus one thats 3 quick maths
2 + 2 is 4 - 1 that's 3. Quick math
Physics grad student here, this advice is genius! I'm totally gonna tell it to my students when I tutor :)
The only math I mastered revolves around counting money
Maybe you could do a video on how to get better at writing ?
A very interesting video -- thank you.
i'm an entrepreneur now at 21 and math is the only thing i miss in school .
Thank you Thomas!! This made me laugh a little.. made my day<3 the sum was cute!!! This is all very helpful!!
I hate math, I've always had issues with it. But thanks for this motivation!
I'm in Grade 8 And this just sounds like random gibberish to me XD
Mathematics is not only based on calculating , usually summation need a theoretical solution , or in the case  topology problems logic and geometrical imagination is the way , but it's Hard sometimes .
Fantastic video, great tips, really helpful. Thank you very much Thomas!!
I should watch this video when I was at school??
Thank you! Keep going!
Math definitely requires practice, you guys. It's no use understanding the theory if you can't apply it! Another good thing about doing practices is that certain types or styles of questions come up frequently (at least at junior/senior year highschool math) and by learning the correct approach to these problems, you're better able to handle them when tests come around. Always do practice exams if you can get access to them - not only are you testing your abilities under time limit, it also minimises your exam stress (in my experience). Caveat: if you don't understand the theory, get that sorted asap before bothering with lots of practice. You should try and clarify your doubts quickly before things snowball and your foundation becomes shaky. This is also why listening in class is important - it's way harder to figure things out on your own. You may have a not-great teacher like I do, but don't dismiss them as they may occasionally say some helpful things. If your teacher's not cutting it, don't complain - arrange for consultations (some teachers are better 1-1), look for additional math resources, or ask the resident math genius. The same amount of input in math generates more output than subjects like Literature. The key is to work hard at it. Regular practice has helped me bring my math grade from a 40% to a 75% over 1/2 a year, and math is one of my weaker subjects. Put in effort and you might just outperform the smarter kids who don't practice!
Thomas, you're a life saver with this video! Skill is the mark of a master. I will check out the resources you've provided, set aside more hours of practice, and go back as far as necessary in my math competency, before I move forward with more challenging math problems. Its going to take time, but I know the reward is worth it. I learned Mandarin Chinese, so my new approach towards math is going to be the same way; full immersion. It's the best way. Thank you Thomas and I watch all of your videos. It really helps me as a mature student at University and a data analytics / machine learning practitioner. Keep up the good work!!!
Summary- Understand and practice
The fact that I'm watching this when I'm at my final year of a maths degree is telling me something??
Being a math Student, I totally agree with all those tips. Talent and intelligence are not required. Effort is the key component to becoming good at math! Combined with an intuitive approach that will trigger your interest, you will soon be blown away by the things you can accomplish.
Hey, college math student here, and if it’s helpful, I’d add that if you do have to look up the answer to a problem, it’s not enough to understand it. Stop and take incredibly detailed notes on the correct solution. In these notes, you should be using more words than numbers; otherwise, you’re copying, not learning. Imagine you’re a professor, and you want to get your class to understand a problem, but rather than explain it in words, you’re passing out the solution. Then imagine the dumbest, most clueless student in your imaginary class. Write your notes for him. This seems way over the top, but it’s the best way to get everything you can out of a math book. It’s also a great way to start thinking with a proof-y mindset, and that’ll serve you well if you ever take more theoretical math courses.
Shame this video came out literally the day after my final maths exam
Jake Gyllenhaal and you were brothers, I guess
I think he is talking about Traditional Math, not the Common Core or the New Mathematics. Anyone correct me, if I misrepresent him.
Please deo one of these on computer science/programming!
I think he is talking about Traditional Math, not the Common Core or the New Mathematics. Anyone correct me, if I misrepresent him.
Thanks Frank
What is that background music??
can you please make a video on scholarships? please....
What you actually need is a good teacher and practice.
Thomas, how can I gain back my strength after a failure? Idk. I just always getting disappointed day by day. :'(
Who didn’t like this video ...seriously??? The only think that I can add to this is that Math IS a language, and should be taught like any other language while you are trying to understand it...that would make things a lot easier in your mastery process !!!
Maths is soooo fun!!!
Really liked the video.
M: mental A: abuse T: to H: humans
https://www.integral-calculator.com/ was THE thing i used to learn integration. I never found any good text books back then.
Hey Tom, great video! Can you please make a video on being able to solve college level physics and chemistry problems?
Lifesaving video...you summed it up better than any Math-solving tutorial out there. Great job, Tom!
Alright!
THANK YOU
Just ask an Indian.
“Asians are good at math” is probably my favourite stereotype. I’ve had friends who joked that addictive vices like smoking and drinking simply didn’t appeal to them because math was their own addiction.
media offline lol
Another tool could be malmath android app
How to revise topics that you have already studied
Sir Thomas, helloooo! I'm a loyal subscriber and loving your content at youtube and podcasts, as I'm still a high school student. I want to take Law for my Grad School, but I also want to work to be of aid to my family and to have an early career. It would be really great if you will make a video about being a working student in college, for aspiring CollegeGeeks like me to be inspired by you.
lol people really think math is only arithmetic and basic algebra
but i tho wanted to be da bestest at doing maths
How can i get better in java programming? #cig30day please any advice. ? I know you also study programming.
The first part to get better at Math is treating it as a friend and not an enemy. Most people hate it thus making them bad at it. This is how I got better at math because if you hate something you won't put the time and effort in it.
I was JUST looking this up on Google and couldn't find any answers. And then I come across this video... ??
Monty Python reference for the win
This video is 2 years late. But thanks
I couldn't stop looking at that perfectly placed hair down on his forehead. I bet he worked on getting that right. My hairline is too high, so I'm mirin. Nice video.
Too late, Tom. I needed this during High School.
42! Hitchhiker reference!
Lol. My first reaction to a math q is "niope". That's why I'm here. ??
Omg Brilliant is so adictive! Thank youu
What is the air speed velocity of a swallow? What kind of of swallow?
i don't know how i got in college :'(
Tom, your videos are amazing, but I suggest you talk a little bit slower.
Khan academy, 100% free and nothing comparable to it to learn math!
I now I know how to count :)
2 plus 2 is 4, minus 1 that’s 3. Quick maffs.
I think math is difficult not because of math itself, but because of the teachers who can't do their jobs properly.
The same day I was struggle with my maths work , you uploaded a video about it. Perfect timing , definitely feel more motivated. Cheers pal ????????????
If one wants to get better at math, one must first pronounce it like maths.
instructions unclear. im now a meth head
i thought i wasn't good at math but i guess it was just the teacher because last year my teacher didn't really explain everything or she wanted us to just know stuff like little formulas here and there but this year the teacher is really cool because she explains everything and builds from simple problems to more complex problems whereas my previous one just threw us in the dark and explained a little bit but then just went straight for the harder problem so i felt lost half of the time
Math was a subject I was really bad at during high school but fast forward to grad school and i'm teaching people math concepts, acing math assignments and have a new found appreciation for the subject. I think it boils down to the attitude you have towards the subject. If you go into it thinking 'I can't do this' then, well, you probably aren't prepared to do it. So take it from the girl who once stumped an entire classroom and the professor by solving a complex equation and ending with result where I proved 1 = 3, if I could improve my math skills from that stage, i'm sure you can too!
Beautiful. Now how the hell do I get better at physics?
Most math makes no sense at all. It's not about being difficult…more like not understanding the context behind a math problem, "why is this important?"
I spent 2-3 hours everyday for almost 2 years to try to understand additional math in high school. Sadly after all that, my teacher told me to quit because it might bring the rest of my grades down by concentrating on it too much. I guess I just don't get it?
This was worth the two week wait
Just noticed you have a Castlevania Order of Ecclesia poster. Love that game! Great rundown video and mentally encouraging on getting to grips with mathematics!
Sadly I'm already studying too advanced math to find a solution on Symbolab. I just keep getting "currently there are no steps for this solution)
I'm actually a math teacher =) Great tips in this video. There's always some problems we can't solve. And guess what, we do basically what you said here. Also, Polya's book is a classic. I recommend it to everyone interested in problem solving.
Well I think before you start practicing it's really important to understand what you're doing, especially if it's a method/concept within math you haven't worked with before. Then you can practice by applying it to different kinds of problems. (btw math is a lot of fun once you get the hang of it guys don't stop practicing!)
I will have to write you a thank you note, sir. I have been following your channel for quite some time. The reason is that I have found most of what I need in the tips you give here. I'd like to tell you initially that I think you are heading in the right direction as far as helping others get the most out of studying goes. And I know a lot of people who subscribe to your channel agree with me on that. So I'd like to thank you and especially encourage you to keep up the good work. Best regards.
Text me 7044257450
Excellent video!.. and very handsome man, wow!
Math is super duper easy. Just look at the solution sheet, or type into wolfram alpha.
kumon!
Actual practical answer :just watch rick and morty ..
Helpful video as usual But I am a math major and unfortunately all we do is memorizing tons of proofs and algorithms We barely solve any problems
you got no friends
I'm actually going to use these tips. Thank you<3
4^(3/2)=4^(1+1/2)=4*4^(1/2)=4*2=8
I’m on my third year of Chemical Engineering. Math has become a combination of memorizing and understanding concepts(and really complex). A really good think to realize about math is that there is a limited amount of ways to solve a problem. The number of solutions are not infinite and usually in school they only have a handful of ways they want you to know how to solve problems. Use this to your advantage! Math won’t be as intimidating!
The day after I dropped my math course ????. It's ok! This is still useful because I'm taking it next semester!
Use photomath on your phone. It's free. You can take a picture of the equation and it will give you the answer step-by-step
I suck at Statistics but you make me want to master it because your cute!
I think that the biggest mistake when studying math is to think that you are learning how to solve a particular problem, because math is about pattern recognition, and that is something that a lot of people is great at naturally, but that doesn't mean that they don't work hard on learning it. When you repeat a type of exercise the first few are going to be hard, but the more you keep doing them, the more you will realize how that pattern is and how to solve it the next time. There are no shortcuts in math, because shortcuts will hurt your learning curve when having to solve difficult problems. Great video, as always. Sorry for my English, but I hope that my message got across.
Hey Thomas! I like your channel a lot, but this video doesn't have the same depth that you usually put in prior videos. You can get way better at math if you achieve some form of visual intuition to the mathematical concepts. A lot of the concepts in, say calculus, can be explained in visual/geometric terms (Check out the 3blue1brown series on calculus or Welch Labs on imaginary numbers). Also, you could talk more about what you are currently doing on brilliant.org after you 're finished. When someone tries to apply mathematical skills to programming, you can achieve a better appreciation to why you need math in the first place. Programming is a really good exercise in improving your math (and physics if you make a mock particle physics engine).
if you want to be good at math : > Stop telling yourself you're bad at math and stop saying "hahahah so me" when you see a dumbass meme like "i'm 25% funny 85% bad at math" >Instead, practice, focus, believe in your skills, make mistakes, learn how to correct them, eventually you'll get good. Know that it is at everyones reach to be good at math. Goood luck ^o^
In my country have a national test called ENEM, you need to do 45 exercices of math and other more 45 exercices of natural sciences in just 4:30 hrs or 3 minutes per question. I want to improve in mathematics but this methode to valute if i have the right to study in a public university looks discouraging.
i use calculator (for every thing)
Simple. Watch Rick and Morty
Great video Thomas! Keep up the great work! Your content is inspiring and unbelievably helpful!! Huge fan!
I don't know why but I'm slow at performing elementary calculations involving addition/sub/multiplucation/div in my head but for some reason, I can perform integration and higher mathematics in my head faster than the former. Does anyone else have this problem?
hey i had a maths mock earlier
I just did my maths exam on Thursday.... :(
I'm going to law school but why not study math am i right
I was literally doing my math homework when I got the notification. Had to wait till I finished to watch it
2 words, Professor Leonard.
Best timing ! I’m having some trouble with math, hope that will change.
Should've used square brackets to show that both the terms fall under summation. Most people will evaluate the summation of the first term and then subtract that by 6.
2 + 2 = 4 - 3 is 1 quik mafs
SERIOUSLY THOMAS HOW DO YOU POST AT THE PERFECT TIMES
Great video! Do you have any advice on how to study and not get bored or lose focus?
Thank you so much Thomas! :D
I'm good at math, but because I love math, I clicked on the video anyway ??
Perfect. Timing. Thank you :)
This is a well made video, but still not super helpful. Then again this is above my pay grade. I never mastered fractions. I also never mastered multiplication or division.
I am currently doing an A-level in maths and an AS in further maths. Here are a few tips that I've learnt over the years: - If you're in a maths class and you find that you just aren't getting it, don't jump to the conclusion it's your fault. You might just not understand that teacher. The only reason I'm getting good grades now is because my teacher at GCSE and first year A-level used a teaching style that I responded too. So in this situation you could benefit from looking for another maths teacher to go through that topic with you. - I find its best not to jump straight to Wolfram Alpha or Symbolab when you're stuck. I find its better to go on a forum page like student room as there are a bunch of people there who can help, even if they don't have that exact maths problem (they WILL have similar). Sometimes the best teachers are your peers. - Khan Academy is another great website. They have tons of videos on a range of topics for all levels of understanding. - As Thomas said, practice is the only real way you'll get better. My teachers recommended we do an hour of revision a day for each subject plus the homework. I will admit that I don't actually know a single person that does this but the idea that you need to revise little and often is still valid. You could come up with a little plan for this revision time. I like to go through the homework and do all the questions that look easiest first then work my way through the harder ones. This puts you in a good mindset for the rest of the time. It's like when you're training to run a marathon, you increase the distance gradually. In the end it is practice using the correct resources and challenging yourself. You also need to try and relax before hand and know when to step away from a problem and come back to it later. I do this in all my tests and exams. If I can't reach an answer in a set time (no.marks = no.minutes) then I fold the corner of the page and carry on. This means I don't waste time or become too frustrated. Hope this helped.
Doing an Economics degree taught me the hard way everything you detailed in this video. Maths is a grind, but can be made easier by understanding what parts of the equation confuse you and doing an easier equation based on that thing.
An important distinction to make is that this video covers how to get better at school math. Everything Tom said was true to school math; however, math is is a vast subject. In fact, math is the study of structure, everything has structure. Math, in a sense is the discovery of the structures in the rules of math. So the distinction is between getting better at adjusting to the notation and conventions of certain sub fields of math (school math), and understanding the big picture of the structures derived from simple mathematical rules that are not attached to notation and convention. This comment doesn't have much to do with the video I just thought it would be a good opportunity to give the definition of math.
Wolframalpha has a cheap app thats like the fire stolen from the gods
Thanks for the video!! Very informative!!
there is an app(android ,I dont know about IOS) that can do what sympolab do but a lot easier called photomath https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.microblink.photomath
The best way to get better at math Is to do math I was at a point where I couldn't write a thing other than my name on a test but then I realized that I have to try to understand my situation and change the way I deal with it after 5 months of maths and chill ???? I had the first place on my final exam on it . It was emotional it's like a potential test for ones abilities.thank you Thomas for providing us with your amazing work.
Funny how this came just after I fucked up on a maths exam. It's probably a sign...
I liked the video before watching because I know it’s good :3
Hey man! Awesome video! You are helping me here in Brazil! Success
A: "I'm terrible at math." B: "Why do you think that?" A: "I did one practice problem and I didn't find the answer in ten seconds" B: "How did you try to solve the problem?" A: "I wrote down the problem and stared at it and the answer didn't come to me"
i love THOMAS!!!!
hit like when u like thomas' little hair on his forehead
perfect timing as we're doing trig with radians in math right now xP
Hey Thomas, I would really like to hear your opinion on a thing called polyphasic sleep. With a polyphasic sleep system you try do reduce your sleeping time as much as possible by cutting your sleep in smaller chunks (idealy 6x 20 minutes per day). The concept behind this is that your body/brain adapts to this and then starts the sleeping with the Rem phase and you cut down on nonRem sleep. Do you think this is a good/beneficial way to get more time and being able to do more things per day? Looking forward to your response and as always great video :)
Thomas i dont know how to thank you , you man have changed my life , you improved me in school I become a lot better than 2 years ago Not just school but my whole life I had achieved a lot of my goals I became more confident next year is my last year in high school wish me luck , again thank you so much for helping me the past two years
If the numbers are too big you aren't doing "real" math :D
When you just got to know that you failed math and you see this video the second after....
I saw the thumbnail and decided to watch this after I just took a math test.
Mathway.com?
Great vid. I've used khan academy in the past.
Lovin' the outro music Tom! Oh... yeah, the content's pretty great too.
perfect! just in time! i’m about to fail an algebra exam on monday :D
I love math and find most of it easy once I get the concept however I hate things like My Math Lab because all it does it tell me I got it wrong. It’s a bit irritating. Especially how sensitive the program is lol
how did you know that I was thinking of suggesting this on your previous video and all of a sudden I see a notification in bottom right corner how to get better at math.
Wow are you serious ? I always thought people said that as an excuse, I literally cannot understand how you can not understand math
This entire video was like advanced Japanese for me. I don't speak Japanese.
Read "A Mind for Numbers: How to Excel at Math and Science (Even If You Flunked Algebra)" by Barbara Oakley, Ph.D.
Practice, practice, practice..
Why am I here I love maths EDIT: I'm still shite at it though
Is that an African or European swallow?
Love you
Quick tip, psychologie suggets the middle of your head should not be in the middle of the screen but a little higher vertically, something like 1/3 the way from the top of the screen and the bottom should be shoulders and body. A floating head looks unnatural, because in real life, when you look at someone's head, you always see a body in the bottom of your vission. Hopefully this will help make your videos a little bit better.
2+2 is 4 4-3 1 quick math (the ting goes skrra)
Before my lunch break started, I got stuck on multiple problems on my practice test This video COULD NOT COME at a more perfect time!
Literally yesterday was the final maths test I will ever do in my life.
I literally cannot get better at math. I'm amazing at it. It's always been my best subject.
Add an 's'
I wanna sit on your face
thank God for thomas frank lol
My parents knew practice would make me better at maths and they made me do several pages of maths every day and I would cry each time i had to do it(i was 8-11 and hated maths). It just made me hate maths even more. Only until not doing so much maths at home and just learning it at school did I improve.
Roses are red Violets are blue There will always be an Asian that is better than you
I have a mock exam on Monday perfect timing Thomas
Thanks Thomas! ??
just what I need
Loved George Polya's quote: "If you can't solve a problem, then there is an easier problem that you can solve: find it." This is advice that can be carried over into all aspects of problem solving. Great wisdom, and great video!
In my 9th grade my teacher taught differentiation,continuity with iit problems which is the hardest exam in india and 8th grade they taught us integration to a extint and im in 10th grade and I still don't know why they taught these complex things this early
I dream of a day when people watch the video before commenting! I dream of a day when the discussion has something to do with the video! Fuck you guys -- Cartman --
I was Scratching on Math AND YOU JUST UPLOADED LOVE YOU THOMAS I was watching you for 3 years STILL High School :D
Watch Professor Leonard and thank me later
What baffles me the most is that people think of sciences as subjects to study hard for. Except for math, you have to have some sort of talent for it which is completely not true.
Im already good at it?? u miring?
The key to being good at math really on any level is (for the most part) practice ... the genuises might need less of it than you, but they need to practice a whole fucking lot nevertheless :D
Love math and love you
FIRST
Early
Ask an Asian
Perfect timing