Great content. Thank you. What software are you using to use this board?
not bad good job one hour and three hours your not only helping yourself you helped us alot thanks
I'm in 4
10 time 10 equal 100 plus10 equal110
I need to take an entrance exam, I hope this helps me with the "basic math" since they don't provide examples
Wow thanks a lot “ am going to learn the way you teach so I can help my child “ ????????
This ain't basic smh
Who else is hear about to or is studying for ASVAB?
watch this https://youtu.be/wpED2Hhi410
Thanks buddy
Yes I went 31 minutes and write a lot notes plus I did the multiplication table in my notebook 8×12 . I need to do it 12×12 I when I wake up I am going to take a nap then the Gym later to night I'll the 12×12 and would Continue tomorrow at work
I AM STARTING LEARNING MATH BECAUSE I WANT TO GO COLLEGE MAN I AM 28 YEARS OLD I WANT START IN MARTH 2019 . I AM TELLING YOU I FORGET EVERYTHING I KNEW . MATH, GRAMMAR YOU NAME IT I JUST BARELY TALK MAN I THINK I HAVE A SHORT MEMORY. Thanks man may my God bless you. I am going to subscribe in your channel subscribe in my too it is under construction
Excellent tutorial! I have an undergrad degree but once in a while a refresher is needed.
I just want you know thank you so much, I will be going to the library and watching your videos to help me pass my accuplacer for college in nursing in math, arithmetic, and pre algebra , thank you ??????
You are amazing. Much better than my school teacher. Thank you very much!
Nice video but the audio level is too low.
Ya im late and i hate math...this makes it harder for me....
You’re good
Very beautifully done, thanks
Awesome vid tjanks
I get sidetracked so easily my mind starts thinking about dumb shit ????
mark wahlberg teaches basic math
him:what would you do without a calculator me: I'd get one.
I'm sorry I can't understand it but the little bit of it I understand thank you.I need to learn math because I'm gonna challenge in math:O
I love the way he explains...keep it up.
You sound like mark wahlberg. But I’m not complaining. This was an excellent beginner for me. Thankyou ??????
Osm video bro my mths is weak
Excellent, thanks
which software u r using for making videos
very helpful.
i want to die
Holly shit i never understood algebra! You just changed my life! Can't brlieve it's that easy
I used after 40
I appreciate your efforts of this long video of math
thank you for explain math that easy !!
I still don’t get it
Math quiz bee tomorrow Wish me luck!??
one question I want to ask here that why minus into minus (-*-) is equal to plus why? could you please answer this, please
hey jg your tutorial is really appreciable thanks for making this..
Thank you so much
Thanks
ILOVEYOU
ASMR
i love this
Dude, thank you, my teachers are fucking shit at school. I was never really taught maths as a child, I don’t know why but I just wasn’t (it probably went through one ear and out the other) but, yeah. All I really want to do is pass maths, nothing special but really, thank you! These are all the subjects I have difficulty on.
Math Mental Abuse To Humans
Just let u know u are super awesome, you teach very well and like ur clear American accent... ????????????????
you're better than my math-teacher. you're slow-pace, explain thoroughly and you give enough time to think. you just earned a sub.
Its a its a its aa a a tr tr its a tutorial
wow i want be smart like you!!! ;-;
You made me like Math... what ?!
wow thank you so much <3
thx for that i have this monday so now im ready ill be sub right away i just sub to thx
Primary school maths. Everyone who went up to Pre-Calculus and onwards should know this stuff.
Great channel i gona be the math teacher on monday
Great!
Thanks for this! I need to take a prerequisite test before I enter a medical program and I haven't been in school in 3 years so I forgot all of this.
Hey how come negative 9-4=13 ? When I do it it comes out negative 5 ? Can anyone explain this ? It's on 6:20
How do I know when and how many 0s to cancel out during division?
Question at 7:05..What if its a (+)(-)=
34:00 why not just do 2x14 and multiply the answer by 10?
Finaly a good math video
oooooooooook.... I have no problems understanding and solving logic problems, but for some reason I never learned to deal with basic math in the proper way. It's been a while... 3 decades since I was supposed to learn that stuff in school, but I never got the hang of it. I always knew I could, since I definitely got the brains for it, but somehow it just didn't click. As an adult I figured I'd start getting the hang of it. When you got videos like this, it's easy to follow along at your own tempo. Like the multiplication table.... That was hehe - sad to say - iluminating for me here in this video. I know a lot of it by heart, but nobody ever told me what the point of learning it as a table is all about. When dude in the video says it's important to draw it up yourself coz you will see a pattern I thought, what pattern is that... I always had problems multiplying larger numbers in my mind. Nobody told me to draw the table and look for the pattern. Patterns I can do. Didn't take me more than 10 seconds looking at the table, realizing I no longer have any of those large numbers quickly. Unfortunately, the school systems do not have the know-how or possibility to pick each individual's brains to know what makes them tick, and how they learn stuff the most efficient way - that is the most optimized way for everyone - to learn in a way that make you understand it. For me on the table, it was the hint that there's a pattern to it (which I never thought of, because I gave it up in a young age, just accepting that it is pure memorizing that is needed, and it's really not what I'm best at haha). What the school systems and it's teachers could do a lot better tho, is to come up with ways that makes each and everyone pick their own brain to see how it works. I've had a math tutor once, when I was a lot older than the kids learning this are. Was an elderly math teacher. And I gave that up after just a couple of sessions with her, because she spoke a language I didn't understand at all. I told her, look I'm here to learn this, but you're starting on a level way above mine, and I simply do not understand it. I understood it when walked through it, but moments later, it was pretty much lost in confusion. I figured it was so because I lacked the basic knowledge - tried to tell her, but she simply didn't understand how to react to it. Enough incompetent and impatient teachers out there that's teaching in ways that just do not reach the students - at all. Many are extremely smart, and know a lot, but that does NOT make them good teachers. Many times the problem is even as basic as I don't understand the words and expressions used in the problems and teaching. I really wish I had picked up on this earlier on - gotten a tutor back when I was in school etc. I'm sure that would've helped a lot. However - it's not too late for anything I guess :). Now youtube can be the tutor.
anything times 1 is itself anything times zero is zero
this 6 grade boy doesnt want to watch basics
Thanks for this great video :) relearning math at the moment.. ^^ ???
perfect video for those who wants to learn maths.
Great video, however...if you're going all the way back to basic math, you're going to fast. No explanation on placement in long division? If someone were to learn math from this, they would be asking why is there a decimal put in this place? Again great video, but I think explanations could have been used more. Thanks
very nice, good job
Thanks Mark Wahlberg :)
the 183 dislikes are some students XD
Si toi aussi t en dnl maths...
Math Is something i struggled with always. I graduated 5 years ago and I'm going to start college soon and thinking about math gives me anxiety watching your videos helps a lot I need to walk small section a day or I my brain will spin that's so annoying I love math but I cant do it like if I would be good at it I would love it
Good job brother
Where is the other two parts of this video? Please i just need to learn the basics. Anyway this is awesome. I would be more thankful if you repost the other two parts of this video. Thanks sir.
Your the best you actually helped me
This is so calming it helps me and how can someone dislike this
Amazing video!! Thank you
hi
I've always hated math. Not because it was hard, but because I just hate numbers. But this is good. I'm told I put to much detail in my deep thought, I say why leave shit out. Missing detail is flawed conclusion.
This guy mumbles! And speaks quickly at the start!
Thanks ??
Thank YOU SO MUCH FOR THE BEST VIDEO
thanks this improves my grades alot from f to c-a
He kinda sounds like casually explained.
How far does the course cover i'm currently enrolled in engineering and really need to refresh my self with some math man so all this is amazing help.
This isn’t how I remember arithmetic minuses, when I was in elementary 7 - 10 = 3, and not -3. I mean the teacher said that it was right, was I doing it wrong the whole time (damn teacher)!
when we have -5-4 isn't it equal to = 9 ? because (-)+(-)= +
M:Mental A:Abuse T:To H:Humans
Thanks bro
Awesome and clear ?? nice calming pace too.
Flash backs!... 8-( The horror.. the HORROR!.. ;) Great video though. Thanks.
in Japan same
How do you no mathematics
THE INTERNET SLOWLY REPLACING SCHOOLS
Can you do a video to what to cover on the asvsb please and thank you. I would really appreciate it
Please share the link of next basic level
???????? very nice
-14 - -16= -2 You subtracted from the larger number? because i was totally lost but i got the answer. 17:55/1:2:08
I'm 19 years old, in high school I hated math because I thought I just wasn't smart enough and so didn't bother to improve myself. I passed classes mostly by cheating because I could get away with it. I'm in college now and I felt like I wasted my time in high school and so decided to pick up math again, after watching this video I just found out and realized that it wasn't that I wasn't smart enough but to be honest with myself it was actually because I didn't have a strong foundation on the basic and was just intellectually lazy. Thank you so much, this video opens up so much opportunities to better understand math and study it further.
17
Why im i here i hate math
M-mental A-abuse T-to H-humans
thanks mark walburg
M.A.T.H Mental Abuse To Humans
Shuffled Math now available on the App Store https://itunes.apple.com/us/app/shuffled-math/id1315364052?ls=1&mt=8
Thank you man, you make me love Math.
It's Back To School and I Am Grade 5 and I Still Don't Know How To Multiply and Divide.
go slower man
THX FOR HELPING ME! :D
This was life changing
best tutor/teacher ever helped me learn so fast
I'm way behind in school. I'm at a 6th grade level and I'm going into high school. This helped so much
This is what I need for the ged ready and GED test. I know I'll get this in do time it's in order to get it rite all the time.
Way too many topics to cover in one video
I’m only here because my IQ is only 63 so I think it’s time from me to start using my brain ?? because honestly I don’t think as much as other people do.
HIGH FIVE best pun ever this is a joke okay
Ok
?x+y=13 x+?y=19. X or. Y. Ka man nikalna h clear kar ke. And 10 minutes m
Thank you so much, this really refreshed my mind a lot.
Isnt there or shouldnt there be some kind of mark next to a minis or a negitive so they are different when next to each other so its understood the difference between the both or is it that there are no other instances where you would get both a minus and a negitive next to each other so the understanding would always be that the line before the number is always (negitive) and the line after a number is always minus. Is this correct ? Thanks
thank you so much
Thank you
I am going to use this, for school and try to see where i get to, hope i will impress my teacher.
Hi. I want to know how do you make this video?
Ac hpat
Can i become a Mathematician at 35? the last time i did Maths was when i was doing grade 9
Thank u for the 1:12:08 of ur life. Helpfull for me, i can teach the basics i fergot to my daughter.
great vid i want to learn because im going to highschool we enrolled yesterday
How are we suppose to get there without Google
I'm only in 1st grade lol
cant have fun, but i can have this shit
there. u like that? is that better? watching this shit?
who made this shit up? wtf is this? whats it gonna do for me in the real world?
At 21:10 What is 14-16 ? A negativ number but how do I calculate?
It sucks
Oh my G is so great i want to say thanks a lot for the videos..GOD BLESSING MAY U PLEASE BLESS THE LECTURES
This should help me sleep this and a book
Dude, You ROCK!!!
Thank you! This was so helpful ????
This video is helping me already ! I have an Entrance exam for the College I’m applying to. Its a Math/English test on Monday and this is helping me refresh my memory thank you !! Let’s hope I pass ! ??
Helped a lot !!!
Very good
I'm here to learn math because i want to teach my son, I'm not at good when I was young
Thanks man your awesome. You taught me better than my teacher
I assume from your voice that I am a Few years older, I am sad that I only Found your posts now. Know that you truly make a difference in peoples lives! Thank you for your effort. It doesn’t go unnoticed!
Man, I struggled with math my whole life, ur tutorial is comprehensive and more important to me. Not judgemental, thank you.
Trying to get better at math for ASVAB but I have ADHD and could never focus in school
I'm 29 and trying to get over my math phobia so that I can actually go to school, so this has been very helpful, thank you!
Hello im Green raven today i will be Explaning substitution.The substitution method solving Linear systems A way to solve a linear system algebraically is to use the substiitution method.The substitution method functions by substituting the one y-value with other.We're going to Explain this by using an example Y=2c+4/3c+y=9 We can substitute y in the second equation with the frist equation since y=y. 3c+y=9/3c+(2c+4)=9/5c+4=9/5c=5/ac+1 This value of x can then be used to find y by substitution 1 with x e..9 in the first epuation./y=2c+4/y=2.1+4/y=6 The solution of the linear system is (1,6). you can use the suvstitution method even if both equations of the linear system are in standard form.just begin by solving one of the equations for one of its variables. Thank you for reading hope this helps you on substitution Subscribe to me and like if this helps you : )
hi , i want to purchase the full video, kindly suggest the way to go ahead.You can also email me on :v.rishiwal1@gmail.com
what is the application used to make such videos...?
Wao........:-) am doing great now in math. Thanks a million Sir
Dude, your're an awesome instructor!
I'm at 23:44! It's my second time coming here. I can only watch aprox. 12 min in one go before my mind starts spinning around. I'm taking a break again. I''ll be back later or tomorrow. I must finish watching this video! I will not give up! Thank you for teaching me!
You are nice in teaching people
Very good ! I love it ! It is better from going to school !
I'm gonna watch this over and over again till I get it and am prepared for college. And as a thank you, I will never skip the ads so you get some $$$. :)
I love u
Math is Mental Abuse To Human
My weak point is maths aroushi from Pakistan
you take forever
Is it bad that I am now just starting to learn what carrying over is in subtraction when I’m about to go on 19 this April?
what  is the app called
Timestamps plz
love maths
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCl7XWfDq3TFzQEsKCK1UHbg?view_as=subscriber
MATHS TEST PAPERS15 seconds ago 100 Challenging Mathematical Word Problems and Solutions: Assessment Lessons for Grade 6 And 7 (Volume 1) https://www.amazon.com/Challenging-Mathematical-Word-Problems-Solutions/dp/1508521840/ref=asap_bc?ie=UTF8 Algebra Practice Sets: 100 Problems And Solutions (Volume 1) https://www.amazon.com/Algebra-Practice-Sets-Problems-Solutions/dp/1519534809/ref=asap_bc?ie=UTF8 Good book to test your algebra skill. Just published. 100 Challenging Algebra Problems & Solutions(Volume 2): Assessment Lessons For Grade 9 & 10 Students https://www.amazon.com/100-Challenging-Algebra-Problems-Solutions/dp/1545452946
Mark Walhberg teaches math
thank you very much for making math easier , i never liked math in school anyways , would you please explain more the division part thank you very much
Thank You Sir. You must be the best teacher on the planet. Angry teachers unliked the video. haha
not bad.
OMG I'm going back to school soon i feel soooo dumb math has been so hard for me i will try my best thank you so much for this video wish me luck i have to get smarter than i am now ??
Kill it with fire god please
How can you use a whole number, factions, and decimal problems. Like 12+ 15÷3×6-4 =?
I want to improve math skills!
I like this guy's voice
????? ? ??? ??????, ??? ??? ???????...
very helpful thank you
I graduated high school in the 90s. When I help my 6th grader with her homework I want to cry ?????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????? my homework in middle school wasnt this hard.
very clear... thumbs up
This is a bit too basic dude
Now this I like
This is one of the most helpful video I have ever seen in the YouTube. Well explained, thank you for your helpful video.
Homie Gracias ???????????????
EXTREMLY BORING, YOU ARE GOOD IN MAKING ME GO BED EARLY AND SLEEP, WHY DONT YOU GIVE ME BEDTIME STORY EVERYNIGHT PLEASE :)
Jewish accent. He he.
Your the best teacher ?? you help me so much Thank you so much ?? ??
Awesome video, thanks. I somehow escaped math in my life. But always wanted to really know it. Thanks a lot for keeping it simple and easy.
Every time i learn math or refresh my math - I learn something new (interesting)
a number is divided by 6 minus -3 gets 12. find the number
it helped me
Who finds this? : Two identical circles with radius of 6 cm are touched from the outside at the point T. If the two circles have a common touch, find the area of ??the split part.
thank you sir love from India ??????????????????
I hate math but i gotta do before i get held back before i get dumn ????????????
M.A.T.H Mental abuse to humans
its very helpful im only a little kid and i just want to get a head start
this is so hard, I rather watch p0rn...
Best Lesson Ever
Lemme just tell ya somethin’ 2+2 IS 4 -1 = 3 QUICK MATHS
Great Stuff Teach!
Good
thank you this math is helping me thank you so much
Thank you so much for this video, may Thy Lord bless you!
I’m 15 and I’m in middle school
please the chapters
thanks for the help it actually helped me at school
Hi guess who it is  clue: one of your students  answer: ME lol
I reported this for child abuse ??????
thanks
I had a bad seizure when I was young and forgot whatever math I actually knew. Relearning everything is going to be difficult.
Thanks so much for the video tutorial, please which software or device is used to create such audio-visual simulation? uwa.ada@st.futminna.edu.ng hope to hear from you
Dam it, why did I go to basics when I need to learn algebra?!??
the last portion of the video is just amazing... even for those who are in colleges and for everyone this is very helpful .. thanks man you are just doing a great job
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCPtF4uh1ZkHR-SRLXLhahdA hello dosto maths 12th class tutorials by RD Sharma book ka lia iss channel ko subscribe karia almost every topic covered from the RD Sharma book. Baas guys apka saath chaiya
Thank you so much. I'm using this for my ASVAB test.
Guna take a break.. It's the timestable that annoys me. I used to sit there as a kid going over and over and over trying to memorise it but i simple cant attain it. All the other math seem logical up to this point and im frustrated i need to cheat and look back at my written up timestable sheet. Most adding adding and subtracting will always come back to the bloody timetable :(
you're really spoonfeeding this to us, aren't you? And that's just how we need it! Public teachers be damned for their impatience! (well most of them anyway).
Hello am a gal part of the traveller community and i Been getting home schooled your videos are great x
Hello am a gal part of the traveller community and i Been getting home schooled your videos are great x
Hello am a gal part of the traveller community and i Been getting home schooled your videos are great x
best education system All in one thanks organic chemistry tutor
90+ Subscribers deal??
I love this video I watched it with my daughter and her friend and we loved it much easier then how they show them at school they understand this much better thank u so much
Great vid. Thank you so much.
This is such a great video. I'm learning a lot. Thank you!!
Wow you broke my adding lol
I really just suck at math I wish I was home school
Thank you¡ you vídeo is the Best. You make Math so easy.
My reason of learning math is not handling money, not how much your using but to be ahead of everyone i school and help me with coding.
God says people are born with special ability's, one of mine was definitely math and god never said that.
Holy shit. This is amazing! thank you for making this! I've got it on 1.25 speed and I'm learning more, quicker, than I ever did in school. The reversing subtraction thing at 22:30?? Why didn't anyone tell me I could do this?? XD
is this Mark whalberg? lol
Thanks
You have helped a 27 years of age man from Caracas, Venezuela start to defeat a long time frustration. Thank you!
soon ill be a mommy..i want to teach my baby math, thank u for the video
keep posting videos...... you are saving me. I need to pass my asvab test with higher grade and math is the issue plus reasoning. God help me
why are you canceling zeros in the division, and how do you know how many to cancel out and when?
This is a fantastic re-education video series, I want to see how far I can take this. Thanks for a great series and give and give us more.
helps me alot for the asvab i subscribed ????
I get a lot of inspiration to draw when I'm bored, so here I am....
this is so helpful
quite helpful
thank u for this. but i think if u were my math teacher i would probably fell asleep. Sorry just saying
Im a junior in highschool, and Im not completely awful at math, but I tend to forget the basics, so this will be a good reminder for me.. Thanks!
god bless you always sir u know what I have two kids and until now I don't know how to solve multiplication and division and I always wonder what if the times come that my kids ask me about this??? so I can't answer them,,but now you help me a lot thank you thank you so much.. I always pray for you.. thank you very much for making this video
tnk u so much
I'm a homeschooling mom, we've looked at and tried several math curricula, and my kids get more out of your vids than anything else!
Love your method, Thanks!
I am 7 year old and it hard
Happy to learn Algebra from TOCT. Very good tutor. It is always good to learn new things and to review those you learned a long time ago. Thanks, great teacher!
It has been 40 years since I was in a math class. I do appreciate your lessons. I need to relearn Algebra and your voice keeps me calm. thanks.
Love this so helpful
Why math important?
Thank you for all the effort you put in to create such wonderful and helpful videos! Your videos mean so much to me!!
what to doe?
next video Please hurry through lectures latter
what software do you use
I like it
S O F TA N DN E A T
recently decided to start learning maths again and thought id start from the absolute basic, your method of teaching is great
There are people born to understand math. And, I'M not one of them.
how do I see the instructor
do this 4,0000 ÷ 7, 0000
my dad's is mad at me for my math score. it is 49 thats ln f.
what's 2 multiple 100
thanks for the video i need yr4 maths to my son of 9yrs.
This is really helping me with my studies...they never explained it like this in school...i've watched 3 videos now and every step helps. Thanks :)
you did something wrong 5+11 is 16 lol not mad tho you did good
Hey man, can you enable the translations? I want to translate some of your videos, thanks. :)
Which software you use to make video like this? Suggest me any Input hardware you use like digital pen to write maths equations?
is so easy guys wooooo!
wow nice i m lerned dis video is great
i love math i know that 10 times 10 eaquals 100
How can someone dislike this???
I want to say thank you for this video. I have never been good at math, but feel empowered to learn after watching just  the beginning of this video. I'm excited! Thanks!!!!
thanks
I need this knowledge I'm weak in this subject.
this is great! thanks, this is exactly what I am looking for.
how to learn math without someone teaching you to?
Thank you SOOOO much for this video
a'm still in high school and I like mathematics
Thank you so much this really helped ;)
thank you for making a great video
wow man am 31 and I dropped out of school I never knew people teach in YouTube I always wanted to learn math
great and easy way of teaching thanks please don't stop do more I am ready to learn b\c I am interesting for maths but I don't have idea thanks a lot Baye men
thank you for all your work