I discovered how to add double digit numbers on my own, and I dunno how to explain it.
thank you for show this video it is helpful
I like math
You are not carrying one you are moving the ten to the tens place.
This have really helped me thank you ????????????????????
which soft have you used buddy ? i just wanted to create such videos in my regional lauange
Kiddo tips.... LoL.....????????????
ya school system ha kya agar school system ha tu adress bata de
I think it may be easier for some to do it the old way. Everyone is different.
https://www.facebook.com/tilakraj.rathod.1/videos/1820547424705354/
What software did u used?
thank you so much
nice video :)
Not mind blowing. This is developed naturally as a student matures their math skills.
very nice??
Abacus is easy, take "know the abacus" app and complete your self and your kid and try to teach & learn as many as you can.
Thank You so much it will help me alot!
This was very helpful and amazing.??
My son can do math in his head. The issue is that teachers want the kids to show their work the way they teach it to them ,(problem solving the old way).
84+25 =109
You definitely made this more complicated then it had to be. The old way is more more efficient. I'm not even good at math but this is some common core shit you're teaching.
Tk
This is stupid, you’re just double adding in mind. Rather than the old way. Whoever did the new method is taking the long hard way
This is very helpful
WHICH APP IS THIS ?
Outlaw this method of math
The warp speed hand is doing my head in
My kid is homeschooling and this is the way they are teaching math to my kid, I have been trying the old way but I am just confusing her! Are they teaching the tens way in schools now this days? It worries me cause she may go to school next year and if she is learnig with the tens method at home she is gonna be totally lost. She is a first grader.
I think you're making it more difficult. If you're adding 49 + 76, the easiest way to do it would be, 40+70=110+9=119+6=125.
Your illustrations make a simple procedure confusing.
Very cool
And also IndySow please teach us on how to do subtraction and addition mentaly
Thank you so much! Because I am very bad maths now when I add I will check my answers using this method thank u very much u make additions easier.
Butt
Meh........k
This is how I've instinctively learned to do it, and I could do math in my head real easily since school age. When I had to do it the "classic" way on paper for a test, however, I always struggled to do it. The idea of "adding the numbers backwards" always felt alien to me.
So the way we teach maths in Australia is fucked then
Hello, Could you please tell me what software you used to make this vedio?
??????????
Not the best
Thanks Pavel. Your method is also so quick and easy
i taught myself this on school TO help me speed me up when taking tests. my hand writing was sloppy, but this way I can visualize it in my head. personally I think all math should be taught visually, but introduced on paper/pencil first- to solidify it in your head.
Good
Mindblown.
Hi. If you want to be prepared for this check Unflexal website. I know you'll find good solutions for your workouts.
I know tow
i am 10 years old and struggling math thank you so much!
Nice
Very HLPFUL OH GOSH
It was very good
Make some for 2nd grade
I find the old way better.Plus they don't tech kids this way.
Nice video. It is very good. Please find here also similar video with similar topics on basic level https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bcs40TNky0M&t=1s
Pilz Mayans Addison
thanks you
Fr
thanks very help ful
Thank u for sharing knowledge. Thumbs up.
very helpful
awesome
wow this so simple I feel stupid ,if you catch my meaning.great video
Date-01/06/2017--fr-50 sr-06Date--02/06/2017--fr-16 sr-76Date-03/06/2017-- fr-47 sr-49 soDare-04/06/2017-- fr?? Sr-?? Plss hlp me
l lov3d it..thanku school on wheels.???
Nice ?? thank you!
Why am i 11 and already know this....BECAUSE IM IN SINGAPORE AND SINGAPORE HAS THE HIGHEST SCHOOL SYSTEM..
if it is written or i can visualize it on a paper. i can easily use your trick. but when it is all in my head only.. it seems that i forgot some of the numbers...
New fun math game for everyone try it out for free!!!!!!!! Android : https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.OneTapp.TestYourMath&hl=en Apple: https://itunes.apple.com/us/app/id1205325359
Here's a NEW method, this one is the fastest. 33+49, well 49 is just 50-1, so let's do 33+50 to get 83 then subtract 1, get 82. DONE! Now that was FAST. Now that took me about a minute or less to explain, but with practice, you can do problems like that in just couple of seconds. In the second example 27+46, do 30+46 get 76 then subtract 3 and get 73. Or do 27+50 get 77 then subtract 4 and get 73 that way. That's the beauty of mathematics is that you can do same problem lots of different ways and you always get the same answer.
Stupid, stupid, and stupid....bring back the old teachers.
This is vedic maths
love it
This helps me a lot for my math test tomorrow
10x10 is 100
678-456=200?
Thanks a lot, I'll share this to my daughter.
im going to second grade
This was very helpful.  I am an adult with many years of borrowing and not knowing how to add big numbers in my head.  I will try this and teach to my kids.
This video is basically about the Partial Sums method.
thanks for the math you gave me straight A+ thanks.??
Why am I faking watching this Calculators !!!
My method for solving this: I round the number closest to a 10 to that 10. Hard to explain, but on 33 + 49 I would add 33 + 50. This gives you a much easier number to work with in your head, then after you do that just subtract one from the sum.
Check this addition based math grid game for android phones which I think can help kids/adults develop and test fast mental calculation skills: https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=org.myapp2.ali_r.ADDUP
You are awesome!
from class 1990'sI have to come here and learn all again and then teach my third grader the new way.
Why is 100 in the tens ?? That part got me confused!..
Thanks for this ! Very Helpful :DD
hi indySOW I did not get your video can you post another way that could be easy for me to understand thank you
it is ok if i use your video for my project?
Hi Ms Indysow I teach my son the old methods. but this mental addition you teach it's very clear and easy understand I hope you will post more videos thanks.
Hi Ms Indysow can you teach me about mental subtraction. thank
Your method drives my students crazy.  I show them the quote old way, it becomes clean, easy and efficient.  The new method is a pain - I refuse to introduce it.  There is nothing wrong with paper and pencil, and the old methods.
Blessed!
Cute video- Great showing these tips!
This is so helpful. Thank you