I honestly wasn't able to understand calculus for 2 years but now i got it 2 DAYS BEFORE MY FINALS
Leibniz Me: spits drink Me: YOU MEAN THE COOKIES?
6:53 looks like a zit
Awesome explanation. I wish I had teachers like you.
how can you edit your videos ? what software do you use?
I consider myself pretty strong in algebra (I'm wrecking it this semester, 95 in the class), and I'm taking pre-calc next semester and have no idea what to expect. I also have to take Calc 1 and Calc 2 (I'm a computer science major). Before this video, calculus was literally just a word to me. I now completely understand what I have to look forward to next fall after pre-calc. Thanks!
Dope video. Currently in trigonometry/ pre calculus. Will take next year
Ah the thing i wonte study i hat math
Oh I just completed 10k likes in 10 October 2018
Great teacher, God bless you dear.
I wish I never did drugs!
Why did the derivative have to be 1? That's just a very exceptional case. Unnecessarily confusing.
just conventional stuff no special insight besides integration is more than finding areas since it can find volume and line (height). no critical discussion of differentiation.
Tell me how many of you watched this video because calculus is now, used in AI and machine learning XD :)
Where were the other two slices in the beginning? I only counted eight.
Your video was amazing! I was able to understand everything so well
Funny thing is I could easily write a program to calculate this, but doing it the math way is difficult. In my Physics class I wrote powershell scripts in class on my laptop to do physics calculations so I could plug in numbers and get answers. The instructor seemed impressed.
It was a great explanation. Thanks
We're ever there is x replace it with-1
U have to how to use it and when to use it to see the whole picture as long with the rest of other maths
Good Work !!!
What are the real world examples of Calculus?
How did u find the area of the rectangles in the integral????its not clear to me pls tell me ????????
Yeah I've been studying Calculus not even knowing what it is. Thanks bro
One video has more worth than a month of my calculus class ever had.wow
i am in 9
This is too complicated for me but are really good
Quality Content!
I wish you were my calculus professor
Sir do more videos on calculas we are waiting
Very nice intro
It would be nice to get names of presenters, or their 'nom de...videos' (?) so we could refer more directly with the presenter. The woman presenting awesomely hilarious and effective Python vids would become 'Salima' rather than 'the hot chick in blue', and the calculus presenter would be 'George' rather than the 'dude who explains skinny rectangles in calculus'. In either case, more hilarious hot-chick Python vids and more 'skinny rectangle dude' calculus videos please!
I wish people would explain why a particular aspect of math is used BEFORE teaching it.........It just makes sense.....Introducing real world examples assists also...Great job!
You are a great teacher. It would be good to have more videos on a full calculus lesson and book. Thank you for this wonderful video.
I am from India and im in the seventh grade right now. This video clarified my doubts to what I will face in my higher studies.
how do we find the function itself? this is bugging me. i mean in real life we have to determine the function and the curve right? how do we do it? derivative and integral tells us about what to do AFTER getting the function/equation. but my question is how do we develop the equation or function from say a car travelling at different speeds over a course of time.
I've studied this for months but I didn't know that it was called calculus....
function ? does it mean the graph line described in algebra notion ?
Excellent video!!!
You are great,thank you sir
absolutely amazing.... worth watching.... thanks
congrats you just taught a 15 year old Calculus
Super sir..love from India ????????????
Why am I watching this? I'm only at first year highschool..
They discovered or they invented ?
Thank you very much!
I hate mathematics it drive me crazy thru my scholar life. ahhh i wish i could kill those people who invented much more complex branches of mathematics.
Fantastic
Nope.
Ha ha calculus was invented in india
Totally amazing explanation!! THANKS A LOTTTTTTTTTTTTTTT!!
Wow! This was really helpful.
NC explained
Which editing software please tell me sir
I want to cry. How can you find this interesting?
Awesome, this was so refreshing and gave me back the big picture
I just learned this and I’m in 4th grade
THIS IS THE SOOOOOOOOOO MUCH INTERSTING VIDEOS
Am learning calculus from code academy ,its fun and better than my boring teachers who bores me to death ..... BTW nice explanation I understood most of what's said
Simply Outstanding!!!!
INCORRECT: Neither Newton nor Leibniz invented Calculus. It was stolen from the Indians. Just like the Pythagoras Theorem, Fibonacci, etc.
I still find it difficult to understand, starting from scratch, there are still a few terms which is assumed that the learner understands. It would be great if even words like derivative and integrals are broken down even further. Thank you very much for the video too!
ihope it doesnt discovered huhu
Solve Riemann
Discovery or invention
Correction geometry came from Ancient Africa aka Egypt
I've always been really frustrated because we start learning calculus from limits, while no one ever explained to us what we were actually doing. I'm glad I watched this video before finishing highschool! Thanks a lot.
This channel deserves more subs
Bhagiashree, a girl of my class come into my mind when I hear about Calculus. She is amazing at Mathematics. Your videos are very neat and clean Socratica.
Calc rocks!
A great teacher makes complex knowledge simple and accessible. Mathematics is a numerical expression of nature. Thank you for simplifying nature for us!
I will never forget this video and the teacher.Thank u a lot
Wish I watched this while still in high-school but I will learn maybe I will be of help. Kudos
Wish I watched this while still in high-school but I will learn maybe I will be of help. Kudos
The force of push and pull of matter.
Very very good video!
very good explanation. thanks..
This is really awesome..!!
Actually, Archimedes used a summation technique to find the volume and area of the sphere, cylinder and cone, anticipating the same developments in calculus by 2000 years. His Codex A and C manuscripts were lost, and his Codex B was almost erased and written over by monks. Codex B was re-discovered in 1906 in Istanbul (in the Hagia Sophia Library)and portions were analyzed, translated and published. Archimedes proofs use the same techniques for integration taught today.
Thanks! it gave me a good insight of calculus.
Some people are just good at math period & other people suck at it I'm not sure if it's because of the brain not getting it or they simply find it boring,  people are not created equal who ever said that is the biggest ass.
Excellent. Thank you very much.
whats a function and what do those lines mean in the graph?
I understood nothing...
Too easy xd
I need to re study about calculus..
I didn’t know Alberto from wwe is math legend.
Im just a gcse student and he made me understad calculus thats mad
Excellent intro.
Please make more videos
Awesome thanks
charming...and i have easily understand
Your lectures are so easy to understand. Please post more videos for calculus and vectors.
Actually a new analysis of a set of ancient clay tablets has revealed that ancient astronomers of Babylonia used advanced geometrical methods to calculate the position of Jupiter ie calculus – a conceptual leap that was previously thought to have occurred in 14 th century Europe. Ha ha ha ...u need to update your information m8..
Before: Didn’t even know what Calculus was. After: Full book of Calculus. That’s me when I watched this video…
how does he finds the slope
I wish you were my calculus teacher.
Thank you
Calculus looks really interesting!
This is an absolutely fantastic video. Thank you so much
amazing explanation
amazed by your explanation...We need more such videos
Calculus is add and subtraction up to infinity. Somewhat like circles. And sequences.
Awesome!!!
At 3:50, how did get the combined area of all 10 slices?  I didn't get the same number.  Would you consider doing a video showing the calculation of each of the 10 rectangles?
Amazing explanation.  Not too slow, not too fast and very very clear.  Thank you for posting this.
Blame
This is the best summary for calcu thanks
This video is very good for understanding what Calculus is!
Very useful video.. You have focused on basics.. ????
Thanks teacher
In junior year of high school and it’s almost like he’s speaking Chinese.
aww jeeeeeeeeeeeeeeez
oH Wow! I signed up for this course without knowing what I was getting in to ... and now I know all about EVERYTHING :)
thanks for learning me some calcules
Nah!! Watch mathantics it's heaps BETTER!!! It doesn't even make sense explain clearly
Schools should teach calculus as a theoretical subject rather than a boring and stale mathematical subject that doesn't interest anyone.
I was kinda scared of calculus but now I'm kind of excited to learn it. Understand it helps it become less intimidating. Thanks for the video ??
This video continues to inspire my teaching. I come back and watch it again when I need a little boost. :D
God help
He just pulls the “f” and the “x” out of the air, and then puts some random numbers next to some of the letters. Yes great explanation...???? this stuff has to be fake.
What is x and g. He just puts it on the screen. Where did those letters come from. Wtf do they mean? He is just using them and others with no explanation..... Honestly I think this stuff is fake.
A very clear explanation. Thank you.
Thats so cool..
Bravo! What an excellent overview!
im a grade 8 student and just found this vid while scrolling but i dont know anything about this lol
Excellent summary. This is the first time in my life that I've encountered a math teacher who can use English in an organized and clear way to describe differentiation and integration. Of course, I'm going to subscribe.
English plz
Hands down man...
I send my love, sue!
Bro you are awesome
its really nice explanation for understanding calculus
calculus in grade 11 was gobbledegook then and it hasn't changed ... it still sounds like the parking solution at your local shopping center.
The word alone scared me. Never really understood at all what it was - Calculus. I watched this video on a whim and walked away feeling like I took the first step in opening my mind to a whole other side to what’s out there. Thanks for that!
Good explanation of calculus, however, I think, the importance of the concept of limits should have been emphasised more. Calculus would not exist but for the concept of limits.
very good i like you
Beautifully explained!
I think I can listen to you narrate almost anything..
that is called clarity.. i mean today no one even knows why the we are studying maths . studying without knowing why you are studying is absolute stupidity...awesome explanation. keep an making these videos. INSTANT SUBSCRIPTION!!!!!
this is a pretty good video mate. good job.
Damn, you´re really good at explaining stuff
Hilarious--this calculus video is sponsored by a Grammarly ad for people who can't spell.
I had an epiphany when I found out 0 is the opposite of infinity
That was an awesome explanation. Helped more then the those in my textbooks. Thank you very much.
Thanks bro this realy helped me out keep making more videos! :)
Beautiful video. Great explanation
Infinite/taylor series for various trigonometric functions such as sine,cosine,arctangent,tangent and pi were discovered by Madhava of sangamgrama (who was an Indian mathematician living in 14 th century) way before leibnitz and newton. Madhava and his school worked with calculus of finite differences and was able to integrate/differentiate these selected trigonometric functions. Using methods of calculus such as interpolation/iterative approximations/differentiation/integration madhava was able to calculate sine values of any angle with accuracy of 8 digits after decimal place. here is my source- https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Madhava_series#Madhava.27s_sine_series https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Madhava%27s_sine_table His pupils and his school produced results which would today could be counted as calculus. I hope you take notice of this in your next videos. for more details about development of calculus in India(before similar developments in Europe by atleast 150 yrs) these links are useful- https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Yuktibh%C4%81%E1%B9%A3%C4%81 https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Madhava_of_Sangamagrama https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Nilakantha_Somayaji Show less REPLY
Do more videos on calculus
intro gives a hint about application of derevatives and function
If numbers were not changed by letters, I would have understand this perfectly.
This actually sounds really interesting.
can I get the contact details of the person who created this vedio?
The graphic approach. I like the algebraic. approach. Calculus is a function grinding machine one way you grind smaller. The otherway you grind larger.
Why do we study calculus in Physics???.....plzzz explain
I did not understand everything. But you are so good!
Me pronouncing this:derivevativeativeative
Great intro, I suggest a more descriptive title that emphasize it's content: "What is INFINITESIMAL Calculus?".
My brain is bleeding and I still don't get it.
Wtf am i doing here I'm still in 7th grade
i' m biggner trying to learn
Wat
love love <3
I wish u were my class teachers...thank u very much for the excellent video
I found this channel to be one of the best. Many people explain concepts with no base to plot the concept. While this channel does neither hype nor exaggerate itself to gain publicity. Teachers in here do come to the topic of interest very peacefully and explain any concept starting from its origin. This is true teaching.
This video explains how calculus works and not what it is. However, it's a good video.
Thank you.....That was very helpful.
Socratica:  excellent video.  Helps to explain to the class the basic  components of Calculus.  Many thanks for the information.
in the integral part,how will you get the height of the rectangles?
2+2=Integrales:(2+2)dx=2+2+c={{(2+2)^=^0=0}}={]{2=-2]=2^0=0]=[2=0]=[2^2=0]=[2^2=1]=[2+2=1] atlekejas :MARCELIUS MARTIROSIANAS tel867752875
finally i know what the heck is calculus
This cleared doubts...thanks..!
really intro to calculus, covers everyrhing
I still don't understand what calculus is !!!!!
JUST OSM
very nicely put together! Thank you!
It's interesting that whenever the question "what is calculus" is asked, the instructor immediately starts to do calculus. Is there no one who can explain the concept of calculus using common language?
Beautiful clear animations, cute little sound effects, calm and interesting voice, perfect speed, good use of repetition as well as great sound and video quality. Stunning work! I am glad I found your channel. Thank you for sharing your art.
Exceptional! Two thumps up. What textbook would you recommend for an absolute beginner of Calculus? I have seen so many claims as' the best ...'or 'the book on learning calculus...' I really need to have an excellent book to self study calculus.Thanks and keep making more videos.
wow.so clear.thank you.
Excellent overview of calculus. The best of several that I watched. Thanks for taking the time to share your knowledge in such a clear, concise, and helpful way.
Brilliant!...I have been teaching, tutoring and using high-level math for decades and have utilized analogies and visuals since the first lesson I gave...nothing is better than quality computer animation/graphics that an individual can watch, re-watch, pause or use to explain what or where they have become lost or confused...it is sad to say that universities don't reward TEACHING, but research dollars, which is why I prefer to do part-time instruction at Community College while maintaining a career in engineering. Damn well done!
Very interesting and clear explanation. I'm not sure I'll ever need to use it but I do feel a little better at mathematics now. ??
dont give distorted facts, Newton discovered Calculus not invented it, this concept has been alive since the vedic times.
came from mr zuniga
i am very thankful to you..
it's been a long time since I have even been to school and this still makes no sense to me at all honestly
In one word "AWESOME"
isaac newton was a genius and Leibniz too
can you please make a video on motion in a plane(physics).Your teaching and visualization is uncomparable.Kepep up the good work
Thank you. Much respect from Pakistan. (:
THANK YOU! I love math with visuals. In fact I want someone to teach the whole of everything in Maths with some kind of visual! I remember when I was younger I couldn't figure out the rules of multiplying positives and negatives until I read somewhere to just imagine it on the coordinate plane. It just made sense afterwards.
Glad I found your video . Thanks sir . You're a blessing ?? .
Simply Amazing...
OMG whyyyyyy is this on YouTube but I kinda like this video it is god for taking notes all you have to do is copy duuuuhhhhhh I like this video tho
Sephiroth Supernova Everyone?
Best Video I understood Derivatives and Integrals in one go!! Keep up the good work and please upload more Calculus videos
Beautifully done. I just stumbled on your site and will be adding it to my childrens viewing. Thank you
wow! Man thank you! This is magic
after 20 years since i first learnt it i have finally started to understand the CALCULUS.
Awesome - very brief and very informative... Keep doing the good work for kids
Great Channel, Very Underrated,,
Don't hurt me, don't hurt me, no more.
This look just like algebra
Thank you!
Two dudes around the same time just... uh... thought up calculus. lol, wtf?
this is brilliant thank you so much
and plz upload detailed stuff.
clarity over board!!!!!
Here is a definitive proof for the existence of God based on well accepted math and scientific concepts: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=42yJ3Y3BgSc
I'm only 12 should I stop ??
Excellent video. Best lecturer/educatror! :)
Wonderfully explained :)
Am I the only one who sees only 8 rectangles at 3:29 ? Where are the other two?
ya, this is a lot bit advanced for me, i'll just stick with finding the gradient thanks...
Despite being 1/2 way through calc the series, I can still appreciate this video. Although, wish I saw this video before I started calculus.
loved it. Keep it up.
The MANDELBROT SET , AND FRACTALS HAS MATHEMATICAL SIGNIFICANT IN ALMOST ALL MATHEMATICAL FORMS , AND FUNCTIONS LIKE - NATURAL LOGARITHIM , 2.78 PI 3,78 THE GOLDEN RATIO , STIRLING APROXIMATION FORM, NON- ABLEIN ABSTRACT ALGEBRA , KLEIN GROUP , ANALYTIC GEOMETRY FUNCTIONS , AND MULTI-VARIATE ALGEBRAS CALCULUS, CATEGORY "SET " THEORY, CANTOR NUMBER THEORY , TOPOLOGY , AND ALGEBRAIC GEOMETRY .LIKE RICCI FLOW METRICS , THAT GRIGORI PEREMAN USED TO SOLVE THE POINCARE CONJECTURE ! ANYONE WHO KNOW THE "SECRECT" FORMULA WILL BE ABLE TO SOLVE ANY CURRENT MATHEMATICAL PROBLEM , NOW, AND IN THE FUTURE THAT HAS APPLICATION IN SUPERCOMPUTER, SOLID STATE PHYSIC EX. SEMICONDUCTORS,, NEW TRANSITOR LASER DIODE , CELL PHONE TECHNOLOGY, QUANTUM COMPUTER TECHNOLOGY, WITH THE ABILITY T O SIMULATE AND MODEL QUANTUM LIKE COMPUTATION ON CLASSICAL SYSTEMS BUT THE SECECT IS HOW EXACTLY DO THE MANDELBROT BLOCK SET RELATE TO THESE MATHEMATICAL FORMULAS AND FUNCTONS ? WHO IS UP FOR THE CHALLENGE ?
I start calculous next year, thank you for introducing me to this early.
boy it is not calculus come in India
Great summary of calculus explanation in less than 10 minutes. Thanks a lot!
Derivatives and intervals; fascinating what type of real world problems calculous solve? I have just a G.E.D. and believe it or not I invented my own Theory of relevent mathematics. I'll be watching your videos.
This is an amazing video! What program did you use to create this? Something from Adobe?
I still have two more remarks that I forgot to say in the earlier post: 1. I would add Descartes to the list of founders. 2. Archimedes may have invented calculus, but his work was lost and was only discovered much later.
Pretty good introduction, but I have additional remarks. First in both processes, of finding out the value of the slope of the tangent to a graph and of finding the area underneath the curve, one ends up taking a limit. So here arises a third important concept in calculus which is the limit of a function. Second, finding the value of the slope of a tangent is just a particular application of the notion of derivative, however the theory of differentiation almost has numerous other applications like finding the rectangle with maximum possible area when its perimeter is given. Third, same remark as the second one but with integrals. The theory of integration has numerous applications other than finding the algebraic area underneath a curve. Fourth, I believe you should have said a word in the beginning about the concept of a function. I know that people have already seen functions in Precalculus, but the very fact that one has to cover sequences when taking calculus leads to the need of understanding what a function is from scratch. Actually when students take Real Analysis later, they see that the concept of a sequence is a more natural concept than that of a function. Besides, keep up the good work. I will be for the first time lecturing multivariable calculus next fall! I am waiting to be inspired by your videos! I am a PHD student.
I thought DIFFERENTIAL calculus and INTEGRAL calculus. is it really derivative calculus? I thought that derivative is for/ in the ones that says "limits, DERIVATIVE, and integrals"... ?? I just want to know and understand.............
very good experience with calculus by this video thank u sir after this video no body will fear to give difference between derivative and integration
Really it's one of unique and clear explanation. no more doubts will be after watching
Beautifully explained
The ntelligence of a man is not related on how well he performs in math, but instead in the success he has with the opposite sex.
This is the best overview of calculus that I've seen on this site.
Amazing video, thank you!
Calculus ...It is interesting when you put it that way :P
good enough the guy made me physics easier
This video is Great, ty for this (Y) Excellent work!!
Wonderfully explained.
so i just finished alg 2 and now i look at this like "My head hurts already"
You lost me when you said function ... What is a "function " ?
I get like 3 steps when I was in 5th grade
Brilliant! We need more topics on calculus covered and discovered!!!
very clear and informative and digestable very appreciate to your efforts
Thank you for not stopping at 1- or 2-dimensional calculus. Is there a video with even more examples that go into the problems and solutions that are modeled using Calculus or Linear Algebra?
You've forgotten: halfway through this beautiful exposition of differential and integral calculus in one and several variables, we'll throw in Taylor series just to fuck with the students who thought Calculus was making too much sense.
What do you get when you cross a mosquito and a mountain climber? Nothing, you can't cross vectors and scalers.
Thanks. I take the test tomorrow and I hope this comes up on the test. Perfect score here I cume
what is partition of a set?
after memorizing and calculating a lot of calculus problems for years finally it makes sense to me..... thank you for your splendid video....if you can make more videos on calculus to make sense I think it would help a lot of students like me .......
more videos, please
ARCHIMEDES = calculus.
Thank you for making calculus a little less mysterious and a little more understandable for someone with no mathematical background. At least now I know what it's meant to measure, and that it's based on a few simple principles.
this is worth learning!
Why am i watching this? i thought this was a cartoon movie.,and now my nose is bleeding
What is Calculus? Calculus is a method of studying the complex universe by cutting them into very small pieces which turn them into SIMPLE pieces like straight lines or cubes, making them easy to apply various math. This is called DERIVATIVE. Summing all the small pieces to represent the overall picture is called INTEGRAL. Explaining Calculus as 'slope and area' merely shows the PROPERTY of Calculus. This is why many students (and general public) do not understand the fundamental concept of Calculus.
This explanation is very intuitive, thanks I learn something new now
I have a hard time with maths, but not even the 2+ dimensional graphs scared me too much. You have a calming voice :)
Thanks for this explanations!
Wow, this teacher is excellent. Clear, concise, to the point, and in a relaxed manner. Five Stars !!!
I think I get it lol...
It is one of the hardest Mathematiic styles ever
Oh man... you are good. Nicely presented. Those idiots who taught me calculus at high school did not want the students to understand what they were teaching.
Houston we have a problem. The earth looks flat.
do you know why so many people hate calculus? because the teacher/lecturer doesnt even tell the student about this and jump into some crazy integrals and derivatives. this explanation is amazing!
I wish I could have seen this when I was taking calculus 15 years ago. I eventually aced derivative and integral, but I NEVER understood what it was about. Just one bit of advice. Please pick an example where the answer is more random than one just for clarity. Us poor non-math brains try to read something into that that isn''t there and so it distracts.
I'm pretty sure Archimedes had worked out a form a integrals. BTW, What is the use of finding the area under a curve? I understand that a function of a curve might be related to some physical event like the rate at which two or three chemicals react together or the curve could follow the behaviour of some financial instrument but why would I need to know the area under the curve?
you are a God man
All videos jump from the Greeks to the age of enlightenment without mentioning the Arabs who had their own share and actually added significant discoveries to modern science.. I wonder why?
calculus is math on average
I feel like I'm through the class already! Wow, nice!
It wasn't "discovered", it was "created". Math is not "the language of the universe". Math is simply our best translation of things that happen in the universe. I believe there is a better understanding out there that we have not created yet. "CREATED" yet. Once again, it wasn't "discovered". Math was created. Just like how languages didn't fall from the sky. We made that shit. And math is and will forever be only a language. Nothing but a building block or a law, just a name for something. A place holder. That is all it is and all it will ever be. The universe does not need math to exist.
Watch with caution, there is some incorrect information in here on the derivative.
And I thought I'm good at maths in school. Looks like I have so much more to learn
Mam's Style of explanation is better...Thanks your work is helpful for us...
It would have great if you mentioned an example of what computing the integral and divertive could be applicable to.
Darn boy! These peeps are pretty darn good! Thanks General Sal Khan
amazing video
Funny way of saying Newton descovered calculus.
super explanation.. thanks a ton...
melted my brain
never thought calculus was so simple and awesome.
None of this highfalutin shit ever made sense to me. What are the applications of this kind of math?
No confundir con Caraculus
i dunno y i keep watch this but i love learning things
MmmAmmmaa Mio jst awesome Luved ur workk
can u please tell me which software u use for editing ???? can u suggest me any educational video editor ??? any one please ?
Really well-explained. Good stuff.
I just started learning about limits and derivatives in school. I can't wait to learn how integrals work.
Awesome video. Thank you sir for such Great explanation.
i think u should make videos on parabola ellipse hyperbola as well . awesome videos appreciated . respect from Pakistan
I understand what calculus is (answer: something I don't need to know), but what are the uses of this information not just from a mathematics points of view; in other words what are the real world applications for this ability? Thanks
Amazing.... plz upload some descussion about quantum calculus..
I have never heard such an explanation for which I was searching for a long time.Hats off.
nice one
im only in 7th grade and i get this
Nothing can explain a complex concept as clear as an animation. Thank you for putting the time to create the videos. Is it possible to describe what software you use to create the animations so that other teacher, like myself, can use it in our classrooms? thank you in advance.
how did he got slops .24, rise over run 6.048/.8 is 7.56, idk maybe I'm going something wrong help haha
this is much more clear and gives me an idea and perspective,plus the animated video makes calculus a lil bit fun and creative despite most people say Calculus is a hard subject. Im also a visual learner so this help me to step up my game.Im taking pre-calc in summer to catch up with Calc1.
nice explanation and great task ,I want to add arabic translation but I can't kindly help
That's great
Hey, great video! I've learned more in this video then I have in all my math adventures.
Amazing work bro keep it up!
well organised at the start but oversimplified and focuses too little on limits, even if you're only going to use it as a tool, you ought to understand the concepts behind these else suffer from mistakes, some costly.
thank you sirr for letting me to know what calculus is
WOW! Play this video to Donald Trump, he will love maths.
Of what specific use is calculus?
If only I watched this video in my +1 and +2; I would be in a better place now.
Geometry was not invented by Greeks as you described in the introduction. In fact, it was originated in India in ancient times and the very name Geometry itself comes from the Sanskrit word for it i.e. "JYAAMITI". Most works of mathematics which includes Trigonometry, Geometry, Algebra and even the decimal system and zero were introduced to West through Arab, who actually copied it from India. I wonder how people miss out on that when it's so obviously found with little research.
Me at the beginning: Oh, I'm probably too young for this. How will I understand anything? Me at the end: I am amazed
So I had a little thought. If Calculus is necessary because it's impossible to calculate the exact area of a curved surface, would this different approach work?: 1. Take any object and immerse it in paint. 2.Subtract the final volume of paint from the initial volume of paint 3. Given that the paint is thin, wouldn't the difference give a close approximation of the surface area of the immersed object? And given that Calculus is also an approximation, wouldn't this be a more intuitive method that skips a lot of the difficult math?
Oh how this video makes me feel sooooooooo stupid!!! LOL And I am not really because I have a passion for astronomy, astrophysics, cosmonlgy, biology and Earth science but this ???
ur like Jesus.savior. do more videos like this.
bro your really literally god to me.in country like india education is making money and make students brain dead.
Actually, the ancient Greeks did have some knowledge of Calculus, and technically, Pierre de Fermat was before Newton and Leibniz, with the fundamental concept that started calculus, even though Newton and Leibniz fleshed it out.
If you're talking about Calculus, why didn't you say something about sequences or continuity?
Unfortunately there's a potty mouth in almost every video.
3 Dimensional Calculus!! So cool, love it. Thank you Newton and Leibniz
This is very well done.
idk, i mean this works 'sort of' and but it feels rather unintuitive, say i have a 4 state markov chain, and i want the probability at time t that the state has gone from state 0 to 1 and stayed at one. the whole 'area' definition of an integral feels really rather weak here. i think that a much more consistent interpretation of an integral would be the evaluation of a continuous argument through some continuous section of the domain. or an evaluation of the argument from point a to b. similarly when you look for the path integral you have a definition of length and then you apply that argument to the dx, then integrate. There's really not an 'area' here, same w/ vector fields and the force pushed upon a region.
This is the perfect amount of information. Parsimonious. Not a syllable more or less than necessary. Fantastic. Can you please do a series on Linear Algebra for econometrics?
This is a subject that always give me a head ache in school but after watching your video is have regained my hope if you keep up with his level of explanation i will get good grades in my school
what a good lecture.
Superb explaination ????
Hey everyone, I already took calculus 2 and this showed up on my feed, but I just want to say that I didn't watch this video and that I am glad I never have to touch calculus again. Good luck folks!
That's great, now explain the crap they scrape off of your teeth.
wtf is a function?
Good video.
This is the best explanation of calculus that I've ever seen. Thank you! Makes me want to go back to college (or high school).
This is really helping me with dealing with my day, thanks.
I refused calculus in high school. I refused calculus in college. I refuse calculus now. I do not miss it.
I learned more from this video than the 2 years of advanced Calculus I took in high school
After taking 3 calculus courses, it's great to get back to the basics. Great video.
Indians have discovered calculus before Newton +Djprojectus https://www.google.co.in/amp/www.cbc.ca/amp/1.632433?client=ms-android-lenovo http://discovermagazine.com/2008/jan/calculus-was-developed-in-medieval-india Indian mathematics - Wikipedia
Wow that is very good video, I don't know how, but i pass my exam of Calculus I, i didn't know anything to solve the equations , but the lecturer didn't bother me to ask questions. My lucky day maybe. Calculus part II God helps people study who study that devil.
I recommend this video to anyone who has to take calculus, I've done calc 1-3. The part they don't show very well in class is the visual aspect. I can crunch numbers and memorize formulas all day long but to truly learn it they should really teach it the way this guy does.
You can't explain a topic by using terms that have specialized meanings within that topic. You have to connect new concepts to things people already know. This video fails at the outset. It "explains" calculus ONLY to someone who already knows what it is.
Did you use python to make this
"The derivative of f(x)" that doesn't mean anything. f(x) is a number, a number doesn't have a derivative. It's important to teach people what objects they are dealing with.
about half way through the video i felt very happy that I learned and understood the math. Once you finished talking about the integral of a function with one variable you blew my mind with what I still don't know. I may have to do calculus 2 and multivariable calculus now out of interest.... subscriebed
how about ancient Indians discovering calculus?
these are just demo can you giv details also please
I studied calculus 25 yrs ago but really understood it only today. awesome video.
@Michael Harrison - I usually have to use my hearing aid when I'm trying to learn something from You Tube videos because I don't hear the higher frequencies, but your speaking voice was just perfect for me so that I didn't need my hearing aid. And thanks for not playing any background music which just messes me up.
I was fortunate to have been taught by a superb calculus professor.
now i understood what's the meaning of (dough u by dough x) please do a video just on partial derivatives. want to understand how heat works.
If you not know what calculus is, then you should not be on the internet. Your time would be better spent in study AWAY from this medium
Still fundamentally don't know what calculus is, why it's important, what function any of this has.
Baby don't hurt me...
omg this is gold
Who else is here because they were forced to take calculus
Areas under a curve for a good part are assumed between y=0 (the x axis) and y=f(x). But what if you wanted to evaluate the area between y=-3 and y=sin x??
This had better not be everything calculus has to offer, because we have a whole year on calculus.
i studied calculus 17 years back and understood the meaning today. good work mate.
I was always intimidated by calculus purely on what others were saying. When I started it, I really enjoyed it. Along with conic sections, it was definitely a field of maths I wanted to learn more about.
Don't forget the fundamental theorem of calculus: That the integral and the derivative do the opposite thing. That is, if you integrate F(x), then take the derivative, you end up back at F(x). The fact that Leibniz and Newton were working on two completely different problems that landed upon the same mathematics is why it is difficult to separate the two when talking about who invented calculus.
what grade do you have to learn this?
please, more videos about calculus
I love you.Like seriously.this is so clear and so simply put.I literally just reconsidered dropping out of school because of this video hehe thanks a lot
Im loooooove this ..... explanation's are greaaaaaaaate....
Very insightful! Thanks for the explanation.
nice visualization of calculus in action, thank you!!!
OMG.... you explained so good.... keep it up.... ???????
It's funny because for french people like me this idea of "calculus" is very bizarre, because we don't learn it as such with a fancy name, we just get taught derivatives, integrals, exponential and log functions and trigo... And we get it taught to us starting at 15 years old approx..
Awesome explanation. Thank you!
you guys are amazing, kudos !!
Why is this guy off on a tangent? Ps I'm the greatest!
very intresting topic in math ! thanks alot
It's amazing how clear and how great it is. Really deep and easy to understand. Thanks you a lot !
Issac newton discovered derivatives, integrals, differential equations. how to solve multi-dimensional coupled non-linear equations. jacobian matrix, power series, and 10's of numerical analysis, he pioneered and discovered every mathematics there was, and there could be, the entire modern mathematics because he was the first one who understood the calculus, if Leibniz had really discovered the calculus, he would have discovered at least part of them, other branches of calculus, but Leibiz hadnt done any and didnt do any. and when Leibniz received the calcus letter from issac newton, he knew how great it was, so he made the notations. HE MADE THE CALCULUS NOTATIONS. and anyone can make notations.
I understand more about calculus than I do from my math teacher and text book.
Thank you so much!
This video was great, have a new subscriber :)
Excellent video. What I am missing is the connection between derivative and integral. It is said that integral is an inverse function to derivative. But how is "area under the curve" inverse to "slope of a curve"? I have never seen the connection...
"text a friend each morning to see if Socratica released a new video" lol
Really well done. Your explanation and video support was really well done.
calculus is the reason why i give up ingeniering.
this is one of the most clearest explanations of calculus that I've ever seen
thank you very much. you helped me alot.
I am a theoretical physics master's student, why am I watching this?
excellent...........thanks
This is probably the best video I have watched along my mathematics career. Thank you for the clarity !!
i loved this VID ! Awesome fundamental explaination
Has anyone ever told you you look like Kal Penn?
Thanks alot for this video, very clear and easy to follow.
I texted my friends each morning asking if Socratica had published a new video, they told me to go fuck myself.
if this video was in chinese it wouldnt change a single thing in terms of what i understood or took away from it.
fantastic!
And to think that sir isaac newton invented all of this in 1 like 1 day.
Great!
Thanks! Good overview. I learn better known the overview ????
you just earned my subscription. Thanks for the information. Thanks
At roughly 3:50 you talk about 10 rectangles but show only 8.
Hi I liked your video but looking at the comments it looks like many people are still having a hard time. I like to explain it like this if f(x) = x^2 then this thing we call a "derivative" is written like d/dx f(x) or f'(x) A derivative changes one function into another one and in this case it changes x^2 into 2x. 2x lets us estimate the change in the output of x^2 for example at the point x=10 f(x) = 10^2 = 100 Now if we increase the input by 1 to the point x=11 then f(x) = 11^2 = 121 which is an increase of 21 If we compute the derivative at the point x=10 we get 2*10 = 20 which is pretty close to 20 (5% error) This works better with larger numbers At x=100 f(x) = 10000 At x=101 f(x) = 101^2 = 10201 which is an increase of 201 which is pretty close to f'(100) = 2*100 = 200 (0.5% error) It also works better with smaller changes f(10) = 100 f(10.1) = 102.01 which is an increase of 2.01 evaluating the derivative 2x at x=10 gives 20 as before but since we only increased the input by 0.1 it makes sence that the output will increase less We expect an increase of 20 for every unit of increase in the input so we should expect an increase of 20*0.1 = 2.0 which is pretty close to 2.01 (0.5 %error) If f(x) = x^3 then f(10)=1000 and f(11)=1331 which is an increase of +331 the derivative of x^3 is 3x^2 and 3x^2 evaluated at x=10 gives 3(10^2) = 300 not bad and like before this works better with bigger numbers and smaller changes .......
This was a great video. Really good at explaining double integrals and calculating volume in 3 dimensions. Thanks.
omg he lost me exactly at 1:00 ??
i like it. thanks
This is amazing. After a decade of rote memorization and torture, finally i get the intution. Can't thank enough. Thanks very much.
what is a function , you should explain this.
please, don not stop ,you are amazing
just amazing
Very nice. While derivative calculus has always been somewhat intuitive to me, integral calculus has not, and it bothers me, as they are two halves of the same thing. I guess I learned that they were inverse processes too soon, so I never got to appreciate what an integral really represents on a physical level. (Though, I'd also argue that integrals are more difficult to understand in that respect. I can describe derivatives very simply as change, but I know no similar way to describe an integral.)
at 6:40, i was lost and hopeless
Too complicated for a beginner to understand. After all, the name of your video is: "What is Calculus?" Then again it might be a perfect name for the video because I think I'm more dumbfounded now after watching your video than I was before I watched it. You're explanation of calculus went straight over my head. The video failed to answer a few 'essential to know first' definitions: calculus, higher dimension, etc.
When does the ultimate question appear during the rain of the total eclipse while standing in the mists of the super frantic science fiction novel based off the judgement of evaluating the educated guess thereby undermining the total value of pie which has reconstructed all new perimeters of the timeline of the evolution of video games to whoever can divide the splinter can multiply the cell of the captured duck if only the man would comply with the order of the last air bending terminator to which i congratulate the numerical superiority that exceeds the expectations of the diagram chart explaining the proper proportions calculated by the robot Tom following the latest episode simply put making a cake. Although there are many different theories only one can be Coincidentally equivalent to the mind of the tsunami of breathtaking events?
subscribed! <3
Can you make a video for statistics ?
Hands down the best intro to calculus online. Not even Khan Academy or similar high-profile channels come close!
Please make videos on e, pi, complex nos, & undefined nos, what they actually mean in real world. Please please please!!!
That is amazing! So what I concluded is that we use derivative to find variation in space or plane (just assuming cause I'm still learning the calculus), like say on earth there is slight variation in gravity as earth is not perfect sphere, so derivative tells us about each point on surface (circumference) of earth about its gravity & I guess what integral tells is that how much area/volume is possessing a particular value of field for a specific region & what limit tells us is that the gravity field for earth lies between these two values (say between 3-6, just assuming) and the variation is confined within this range only. Just please tell me if I have got the very idea that you were trying to explain cause I'm still dealing with calculus which I always found difficult to understand.
You succeeded in combine brief and yet comprehensive idea about calculus; and that's really great! of course I wont miss any of your calculus videos
what's calculus : a character from tintin xD
great job bro ji
Great job Michael!!
Thank you!! Can you make a video explaining how Analysis and Calculus are related?
Omg... I hate functions!!! I've never really tried to learn it... but still hate it. Good vid tho!
Socratica could you put subtitles in Spanish? I'm learning English and i want to understand better, please.
I am always amazed at how much clarity you have in your videos. This is absolutely golden. I love everything that you do.
Please, make more deeper and detail videos about differentials integrals and differential equations. Thanks
I scraped through maths in uni, I won't lie! This is a good lesson. You guys have a great channel!
terrific video explained in the best possible way
Excellent video. Very clear. Thank you :) The only minor thing that I noticed to correct is the lining up the axes in the figure at 7:35. The z-axis should go through the highest point but it seems to be a bit off. Not a big deal though. Thank you for making such great videos:)
This is great!!
thank can so much!¡!!!!
This was the best explanation to calculus I've ever seen
Best video I've seen, hands down! I can't wait to see more.
Where do series approximations fit in to the Calculus? Things like Taylor Series. Sometimes the topics in math classes all feel disconnected. :)
great video! this would have helped me a great deal when I still was ignorant of calculus.
I am not from Brasil. I have a question is 8=10 according to calculus?
Yes! Can't wait to see more of your calc vids!
upload videos of vector calculus.
Still confused
Really great video, one of the clearest explanations of calculus
Great job! Great videos! I'm from Brazil and studying Physics and this channel is helping me a lot! Thanks and keep the good work! :)