I can’t get kills because bullets are attracted to my skull and I’m usually killed in 1 shot
I have problem in communication in R6 im 12years old and everyone tolds to stop playing this game and when i make call out they just dont care or they have been muted me
7 kill game
Idk how this worked but I got good, very quickly
I watched this vid and the next game i played I had 10 kills 4 deaths
Lol I solo qued to diamond
8:49 editing mistake
2:35 lmao
My kid is 1.4 I'm gold 2 or 3 I cant get past it
Is one of the tips to stop using controller on pc and start using keyboard and mouse?
How to get better at siege.\n\n\nTeam kills 0:29 \n\nMe: PISSED
video begins at 1:00
Did anybody else hear the mistake at the end?
1. Think about things before you do them, it doesn’t make sense to enter a room before it’s droned or peek a Blackbeard. Don’t roam in places in the map that don’t inhibit the attackers\n2. Play with the pace of your team. Sometimes your team is very aggressive and you should be aggressive too. If their not playing aggressive don’t play aggressive. Playing against your teams pace simply puts you at a numbers disadvantage
I go 12 and 4 on ranked what should I do
I like to rush caveira  first before anyone else
??great video
My gamer tag on PS4 is fizzingsoda I have 1.6 KD and in diamond HMU I got good because I’m patriotic for my country the USA and I love going on EU servers and fucking them up
Recoil 101: \nStep 1: aim below targeted area\nStep 2: Press left click \nStep 3: hold\nstep 4: walk over to the corpse\nstep 5: teabag
sometimes it runs and sometimes not you cant fix it
I always get a lot kills when defending because i play as rook and his shotgun is op.
Do a part 3
Just to let you know I play better without my friends my friend make me wasn’t to play way better than I do and it makes me worse
Nice m&kb on console
I'm not confident enough because I'm always scared to push a room because I always think there someone in there holding a tight angle
Improving your kd won’t improve your rank ??
drop down to copper or play with copper friends
Good shit, bryan
00:20 console in a nutshell
lol i was with 2 other friends and cav got us all it was hilarious although only get the game 2 days ago
I’m gold 3 and play with randoms with no mics
Lol my kd on my smerf is 4.7
you are a horrible you tuber you click baited everyone that watched this video thats 542,653  people that are still not \"INSTANTLY PULLING MORE KILLS\" you  need to take this video down
I solo queud to Plat II
The first video of yours I watched it's a bit in my face but I still liked
How about having a crappy pc :'D (me)
8:52 the voice  come back to 2nd Clue
I found that:\n1. getting good\n2. finding a sight you are comfy with\n3. listening for footsteps\n4. using a gun you know well \n5. using team chat\nall help with game play.
If you don’t choose a character you get given a random character which can allow you to improvise and and use different types of playing.
I actually played with a friend rainbow but at sone point when I was offline he was in a solo queue and met a full german squad (Were from Germany). Now he isnt playing with me just with his full squad and one of these guys have no recoil. And its kinda sad that I dont have people to play with, just because I had a break of playing rainbow and lose my skill.\nAnd now I am here watching this video at 1:39 AM writing this comment.
I don't have a phone number to join ur discord
I have ps4 and i dont play with any one and im at gold IV
discord is a scam
What if I average .0001 kills a game
I can’t join
we are listening to a guy who uses breaching charges on ash....
Funny story. After my placements this season I solo qued to plat 2 and after that I start queuing up with a squad and I got dropped back down to gold. Just now made it back up ????
pre-fire around corners
And don’t panic it will throw off your Aim
Low kill in high death games for me is less losing gun fights and more getting team killed.
Oh dude I luv u.... your confidence tip just increased my skill... I m always afraid of fighting with enemies, casual is pretty less tense so I get 7-10 kills but in ranked I hardly get a kill..... but now I tried to be more confident and I clutched a 2v5 overtime match point.\nI m a PC player and kinda dislike PS4 layers(no offence plz) but I m surely going to follow you and subscribe you....\nTHANK YOU
I’m a upcoming rainbow channel and I recently made a montage if you guys could check it out that would mean alot
Kills are cool but why would anyone want to rank up lol
My K/D and rank would be better if I had better teammates
when i solo que i fucking smash people when i play in a 3 or 5 man i lose
Just get good ??
Oh my god chaotic, I watched you a year ago when i played console and you only had 500 subs you've grown so much and you deserve it!
Play with friends stayed at Copper and Silver. Played Solo, got Gold 2. Not everyone needs to depend on friends as you think.
2:40 song?
R6 song u can thank me later https://youtu.be/DmV1TSdVOAg
Love the tips but don't work for my trashy ass.
1:10 dieing
Thanks for the good tips
Lol solo Q up to plat ez
Most times i cant kill people is because i cant fucking see them....Who thought black walls on  black shields on a black skin op was a good idea?! The maps are too fucking dark..turning up my brightness/gamma doesnt help because its all THE EXACT SAME SHADE OF BLACK\n\nUBISOFT FUCKING FIX THAT
Why do i keep getting that tik tok ad with emo girls
#1 to pull more kills... play on console
Another strategy that people hardly do anymore is droning. It’s important for that extra information for the team.
Any1 wanna play Xbox AmerBigBoi11
My friends call me Homer because I usually can get 8-10 kills and then zero the next game. Basically I do good and then need a donut...
looking for cheap but good desinger? write me in private chat \"I came from discord\" to get your first desing 40% OFF TODAY!!
I don’t have friends that have pc :’(
Just hit your fuckin shots mate problem solved
I get high kills but high deaths
It's called play ash
If anyone wants to play on Xbox one add me! EvanTheGreat27. I’m decent at the game and looking to play with a new group!
Thanks it worked and I got to about 4 to 5 kills but at time my peeking is BAD
What If I have no main
Step 1: RUSH \nstep 2: Type why u leave me imigrante_ahmed (player i met ingame)\nstep 3: Free ace
boi k/d doesnt matter anymore, Ive gone from gold 2 to bronze 2 in 2 weeks and I actually went ham last weeks, the thing is tho, I play with incomptent friends, who are below level 50, and even tho I'll get 2/3 kills per round, chances are that we still lose :D, but who cares, we have fun and thats all that matters :)
I cant access other chats on the discord pls help
0:30 that teamkill ¯\\_(?)_/¯
Lmao I peek black beards but I always kill them, most of the blackbeards ive killed aims head level, so then I go prone injure then kill.
Kinda every time i have more kills than deaths
I flank them 1
To improve recoil: Finka
The game isn’t about kills
wow console look so bad its slow asf lmao ,,,,,,,
Every time i play with my friends when they die they blame it on me but I choose to play solos so I can focus more on my gameplay so now I’m better than all of them so if this happens to you just play solo focus on the game and just play
Ps4 silver = Xbox plat
i really wanted to care about the video then i saw that this trash use a console lol end of the story i stopped there get a pc dumbass
How to rank up:don't get shitty teammates,oh wait...
Xbox and kid
im bronze get every game 10 kills but still lose of my teammates
8:50 ummm ???
5:14 were is the reqoil
Got silver 4 to gold 1
How many times have you tk’d?!
But, I solo queue a lot and I’m climbing
I've been playing for about a year and a half now, and I'd consider myself a decent player, but hearing the suggestions you gave out loud really helps put into perspective the mistakes I've been making. Awesome video! I'm sure it'll help me become a better player.
When I play it usually drop 10 to 20 kills a ranked game but on certain maps like theme park and club house I get like no kills
should i buy a headset? im playing with in ear no surround
Don't select operators unless your picking for a strat, it keeps the enemy clueless on who to chose and you also get nice variants
8:52 audio restarts?
So play as ash. Got it.
Hacks?
This tips are too shallow. Supporting your team is more inportant than doing kills.
If you want a defender to peek you if you're a BB, put a silencer in those guns, they won't know who you are. They lower damage, yes, but they are helpful, and not just BB. Any gun with a silencer is amazing. The enemies won't see the white gunshot alert.
Press '2' to skip the first 20% of this video and get straight into the actual tips.
My best game was 13kills 1 assist and 3 deaths
sub
Step 1: get gud at game \nStep 2 success
I am maverick main on casual but In ranked i take thatcher if we have hibana or thermite
Step 1: Clicking on the Video.\nStep 2: Realizing the Video was recorded on a Console. \nStep 3: Closing the Video.
Thank you so much
It’s so simple. Aim higher, duh?¿
Nice .
I solo qued to plat
I think I may be mediocre(plat 3 han solo'd) because i have pro league settings on...?? Also Hereford base for flicking practice between targets is pretty lit. ??
My main problem is roaming. I usually find a good position outside of the objective room where I know the enemy will be pushing and hold it.\nThe only problem is when every one of my teammates die in the objective room and I end up having to assault it without any knowledge of enemy positions. \n\nI need to work on my ability to have more map awareness.\nWhat I mean by that is that I have to become more aware of what's happening with my teammates when they're not close to me.\n\n\nIt'll help a lot with situations I get in outside of roaming aswell.\nSometimes I hold an angle or a doorway to the objective and leave the rear doorway to a teammate or multiple teammates. Then I end up getting shot in the back because my teammates either abandoned their position when I wasn't looking or they died. \n\n\nIt sounds like I get narrow-visioned, but I don't. I just expect my teammates to do something, which they seldom meet. Of course that's my fault though, I shouldn't expect them to do anything.
My friends aren’t good at r6 so I had to solo queue and couldn’t get out of gold 3
Thats dead
I just checked on an app his kd is 0.93
Hes trash his stats are aweful
Why is this a lyric prank? XD (this is on the lyric prank folder on fire beast)
i get 0 7\n:)
You play on xbox???
\"It can take weeks to find the right sensitivity\"\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\nTook me an hour. I just put it on 100 :p
instructions unclear... killed team and got a month ban
You never mentioned anything about recoil
Rainbow Six is not about fucking Kills! Get a PC and just play the game! For a PC player he won't be even good...
I have found out why I am so bad at playing this that I deranked to Copper IV, I have no steady friends...
Great vid! How do you record quality gameplay on your Xbox?
Like
Went from gold 3 to copper 1 cuz my friends are garbage need ppl to play wit my gt on Xbox:TrueFaithHeals
Sometimes I just panic and my aim sucks. Other times when I am confident in my aim I kinda suck at making on the fly game decisions like when to reload, when to peak, when to run etc
Kill more Die less
Rainbow is so fun but i just cant play it. I keep getting unluckily killed every game because of bad hit reg and lucky players headshotting me through the wall because of luck. Ive just finished to rankes games and in both of them ive lost to bad hit reg, bad teams, no comms, and lucky enemy players. I just wanna be able to play well but this game hates me.
Dont tell me NOT to play TACHANKA ever again.
Thanks
I can’t join discord pls help
Git gud
Doc is the biggest drug overdoser
Well for me I'm getting 6+ kills and 3 or less deaths but still lose game
I have a 1.3 kd I get over 9 to 10 kills a game. But I can never get out of gold..... tips?
Ur a console player tho
I always get around 10 kills but my team loses all the time and I don't understand how I can make it better
this is ridicolous you have been diamond once for one game and every other season you are gold wtf trashtalking gold player get diamond for real
Here’s the thing I don’t get into gun battles I get snuck up on in the most random ass places. I recently hit level 100 and I was getting positive ratios almost every game. And now out of no where I’m getting shit on
if you dont have any friends. Join my discord very unhealthy sarcasim laugh
Earned a sub! ????
hey idiot, im not verifying my phone in your discord turn that setting off xD
I don’t think imma get back to a copper... I play casual and I’m staying a gold III and I don’t play ranked that much lol
#1 Listen to the game #2 watch pro league games or tips and tricks video. #3 Warm up before ranked #4 Always try to 5man queue. YOUR RANK WILL CLIMB SO HIGH
My username is camboyz1997
I play on ps4
Please be my mentor.
The game after I watched this video I dropped 7 and 1
Condoms?
I used to play a few operators now i just play random people that seem cool and im good with all of them
Settings?
\"If you don't have any Friends, join my discord\" ??????
I usually go like 8-2 but i suck
As he says play other operators but he is playing ash ??
Your aims good asf, you make me wanna play again lol. I don't have time to play anymore and my ps4 is fucked lol. Great video
I know what you are doing wrong. You are playing FPS games on a console.
I went 15|4 as lvl 39 no smurf
I drop down to copper when i play with my friends tho, if i solo que all season, i can guarantee myself gold.
Thanks chaotic you helped me get plat and this is my first ace in plat plz watch https://youtu.be/K9x5ymm-feY
Gotta love being in copper cause if u solo queue and are trying to reach a high rank other than improve your game it’s prob not gonna work
Damn. Guess that’s why I’m in copper
Who thinks he should post more
Snort a 5 lb bag of coke and put your sensitivity to MAX.  That seems obvious.
@4:22 he said slash out loud.
My problem is confidence. I'm actually a pretty good player, but sometimes I just lack so much confidence I suck so bad, when I could actually be doing really good.
Just get a good gaming chair.
So I'm over here looking at my recommended and thought this would be a good video to watch, then I click and 20 seconds in I notice that it's fucking CONSOLE. WHO THE FUCK MAKES VIDEOS ABOUT THIS SHIT ON CONSOLE???? LIKE HOW DO YOU EVEN PLAY THE GAME ON CONSOLE??? WTFF?? EXPLAIN PLEASE? Watch my highlight video if u think I'm trippin or if u think I'm bad Or if PC is bad.
Hey bro I play on Xbox I would love to play with u someday.
It's not hard to pull more kills if you play against retards like that sledge at 0:30, On my Elo in Low Plat people 1 tap you thru pixel peeks when you've been exposed for 0.001 seconds
I don’t know which defending op I should get, Valkyrie lesion or somebody else
actually i solo q to diamond every season if you drop to copper your just bad
My Games are mostly always 4:0 + im mostly the last one alive, the prob. is i never get any kills and deaths, i just play montagne and clash.... Sad Gameplay
here is a tip:\nif you're good at the game but suddenly u can't play properly and keep losing it is time to take a break
Reflex on ash = plat
I (90%) solo queue and I’m plat 3
\"Improving aim\" \n\non console
Thx this video helped my kid a hole bunch
Or maybe they are hacking the game
no offence but im only plat on pc and u play like a fucking copper
Hey mate, \n\nLove the video, I will defo consider using the drone more often and trying to predict more xD\n\ntho I need to say, I solo queue only... I hit plat the last 2 seasons with it and was kinda satisfied with it.. but I cant manage to get things right... my placements were terrible and now I am Gold IV... fml.
I love rainbow and i am getting better add me ps4 Ceodanny
step 1- Play Ash\nstep 2- That's it
My biggest pet peeve is when a youtuber claims to have knowledge on how to get more kills. Kills are skill based and you need to play the game to develop skill, develop your style, and learn! Learning is the biggest part of rainbow and knowing the map and how to pinpoint the locations of enemies is crucial in getting your kills. Nobody can tell you how to roam, how to hold the objective, how to do anything but the basics. When you get into the game YOU WILL FAIL AND YOU WILL DIE A LOT but you will learn from your mistakes and you will become better. You will become frustrated at times and you will want to give up but if you keep playing and keep trying you will win and you will get your kills. If you dont have a team together find a team and focus on practicing your call outs as well, that can mean a huge difference in ranked and working together is a lot better and a lot easier than working alone. YouTube can not give you experience, only the game itself can. So get in there, and improve your game or get in there and teach some noobs how to play.
Hey can you help me in ranked whenever you can im stuck in gold
Anyone want to carry me in ranked?
i will name it, gimmi a car
PreFire xd
i solo queed myself to platinum...but its way to stressfull ^^ now im just playing casual and like to roll dice on op choice, better for my nerves and gets myself out of that comfort zone
I go 7-2 and sometimes 14-3 most games but I just can’t win games but I can’t understand why I play with friends who are good but we just don’t win
you cut the video completely short wtf xD
Can you make a vid about what settings you use because I've been playing for a long time but I never seem to be able to flick and play as well as you can. Also I never feel comfortable on the settings I play on so I always have to change them.
all you have to do is shoot them in the head, why doesnt anyone understand
Please dont take any of this as hate \n\n\n\n\nI'm honestly sick of seige. It used to one of my favorite games but now it just drives me insane. It takes ages just to find one game and when i finally do it's on the last round or on overtime match point. I never get to do anything before the game ends. However when i do find a game that just started, all that happens is that i get teamkilled or spawnpeeked and invited to parties by my teammates who turn out to be smart mouth and trash-talking 12 yr olds who say a bunch of racist jokes and typical \"ur mom\" jokes. All this as driven me to the point where i get so angry that it gives unhealthy heart rhythms and chest pain. I quit playing it for my own good
Hey I made it gold 2 solo queue in grim sky
3:00 so true lmaoooooo
I have temporary mains I switch like every second day I just play who I do good at on that day
Use hacks?
i don't have any friends tho :(
Ive recently started to use a new tactic for stepping out of my comfort zone (lesion, mira, sledge and buck): operator roulette. With the new update, siege randomly picks an operator for you instead of recruit if you dont pick one. So ill do an entire day or two of just not picking, and playing what I get.
Is there a good way to practice aiming and tilting like you do in your gunfights in the video?
Is a 1.5 k/d considered good?
1:50 One good tip is “Do not use lasers” because the enemy can also see the laser and know your position. I killed many players using laser by just looking at where they were aiming.
WHOEVERS DOWN TO RANK UP, XBOX 1 : ADD ME - iFerrari 420
Hey I'm diamond any tips to help me get to Uranium?
i was like \"hmm this video seems promising\" then i saw that it was on console..
Play bombs noob
when i clicked on this vid i thought it would be obvious stuff, but man this was a good video
How to add more kills... “plays secure”
Spends too much time talking money
I want to join,  but how if im cant talk english well
I think there is a problem in the end
Condoms?
Weekly challanges are so important
I am a slower more patience player, I use sound and sight to peak people quickly on console
Dude you deserve more than 113k subs
I just want to improve not to for much and hit diamond mate
hey bro what's your gamer tag on Xbox lad
Spanish ppl? ??????
You. Do. Not. Know. What. Instantly. Means.
0:28 that was a bit of a fail (look at the kill feed)
Please add me on Xbox my username is ttv mspalding05
When I solo que, I don’t drop down to copper, when I down to silver 3, then I just carry.... once I get to silver 3, then I carry to get back to silver 2....
There are so many clips where I thought \"does he even has sound on?!\" You make so dumb actions, if anyone would have thier sound on would recognize.. Eg.: 0:21 ; 3:06\nThats not the premium content I came for.. Just get a PC
Chill y you talk so fast
4:27 \nIn some cases you might be pinned up and enemy knows where you are. \nyou should peek, and then run. don’t peek it again. It’s better than being pinned down and can’t move and it’s only a matter of time before you die.
-Mira is in obj\n(Mira has just seen this video and she wants to be unpredictable)
I get in casual like 4-10 kills but in ranked i get like 3 i think its because im nervous but im not idk what is happening
8:31 Yeah, i was trying that, my teammates are dumbass roaming sausages... Looks like they don't even have a brain, gosh...
I have 1.2 kd, but i am a copper 1.
Gives tips about how to get better *memes on people*??????
Pc players are so much better
Yeah but it's console...
need a team asia ps4 anyone?
I play much better with ppl that talk and are friendly because i feel like they give me a moral boost
You should just see what you post
Trash editing
Check your outro buddy I think the audio messed up.??
Ur insane
Um. What happened at tue end?
I’m on console and I solo queue and got gold 4 for operation chimera and when me and my friends play I usually carry in casual but as soon as I hit ranked I’m like a silver 4
Wait, 7 deaths? Can't you only have 5 deaths max because there's only 5 total maximum rounds to play?
You are shit
I play on ps4
I just wqs trying a tactical move with the black eye camera's if you are in a fight and the enemy falls back throw one to get the overly of the situation
Anyone down to play
Summary .... Gid Gud
it's about the fucking ping
so hyped for the merch man ima buy it fo sure
Add me on xbox xSmeal I was plat 1 last season
What headset do you have
i went from bronze to gold 1 when i only solo qued
Solo q ing doesn't make u go low everyone just blames it because it reason to blame when going down
How to control recoil wtf who asks for that honestly
I haven’t watched many of ur videos but I’m trying to get better at bandit, can you please make a vid on that? Not bandit specifically, but maining/playing new ops, unless you already have
It's not that. Its just weird you know where they are when there out of hearing distance. Look I'm not saying you're cheating. But it looks that way. Especially being on ps4. Honestly look at this video. If you are plat or diamond and ur playing against plat or diamond then your playing at your skill level so being able to plat super aggressive 90% of the time isn't feasible. This advice is good. Just not sold on u not using an aim bot or a mapping mod. Just saying.
My biggest problem is that i sometimes just can't see em..\nMy second biggest problem is that i always get killed by the lucky headshot bastards.. literally no recoil control just lucky headshots.\nMy third biggest problem is my shots / headshots not registering (thanks ubi LUL).\nMy fourth problem is that people with high ass ping have a peak advantage on you... like srsly.. it should be the other way around.
1:04 rip
What me and my friends did is every so often we would end up picking each others operators so we would get out of our comfort zone
I'm the best at choking up a 2v1 or 1v1 u can count on me to loss the round lol
Predictably is so true... Whenever I play against lower level people I am just confused why someone would do something so stupid. And it works sometimes!
help i keep getting around 7-12 kills a round but still always loose
my first problem:\nAnxiety\n\nsecond:\nunawareness of the map\n\nthird:\nwtf do i do when im alone against the other team
what if your like me who gets around 8 kills a game in ranked, but gets like 8 deaths or 7 deaths
I am a new subscriber
One great tip that works for me is to take breaks. And I mean week long+ breaks. I got so frustrated with the game at one point I dropped down to bronze so I then decided to leave the game alone before ranking back up to gold then taking another break and finally after 111 levels I made it to platinum with a 5 win streak. I then tested to see if I got lucky but no in casual I was 1st place for 3 games straight when I used to not at all be able to get first. I wrote all this in hopes you might somehow apply this to how you play.
Add me y’all I’m new too rainbow (Soh Phyics)
Lol, KD does not matter as much as you think when ranking up. Sure you gotta do your best to kill the guy in front of you  but just being caveira for example; she's a great scout. Too many times I see people dying while playing her because they just HAVE to win a gunfight when really you could maybe get them to 50% health and slow them down AND now you know their general location! And for attack ops I always go in with Montagne when I know my team is ready to work as a team by using me for cover and listens to my fallouts about who's where in a room. It's 2v2 I'm in the obj teammate is coming in from other side of the room I have 2 guys shooting at me teammate distracts one. I then run at bandit he strikes me I walk backwards turn my body so he shoots my shield dodge another strike and strike him so he's dead. Other guy is behind cover still firing at my teammate doesn't even notice his friend got killed I rush him he turns at me my teammate rushes in and hits him with a shot but the enemy ducks and bam I strike him before he can me. I also play sledge but that's just more about me listening around and either knowing there's an enemy behind a wall so I break it or hoping there's one there lol. This is all coming from a recent platinum ranked player who WILL go on to diamond next season.
Practice your aim until you're consistent. Soloq ranked, muted everybody, sound whore to fuck and frag out with your superior aim. EZ
I normally play 30% better after busting a fat nut.
Army wannabe
Console Players move like Copper 4s that just got the game on PC\n\nThis is just insane how much difference there is in gamespeed lol
i found solo que was IMPOSSIBLE until i got to plat, there i felt almost everyone had a mic and communicated almost every game. However, even in high gold i found team after team with no communication or mics
what about high kills high deaths lol.
What's ur sens bro
Console? lol
These tips work only for controller users scrub \n\n\n\nMaybe not tip 5
8:52 what the fuck?
This game is about so much more then just getting kills. Don't kill your teammates next time btw.
why is everybody ignoring the end?? I think you made a mistake editing
I play by my self im in Diamond
By the main picture I thought you were selling everyone on more kills=high rank. Which it can just not the highest. When I go on my smurf and play low gold high silver I destroy these guys. 8-10kills consistently... But I'm in low gold... Kd don't mean shit if you can't take your team to victory.
i got 1. 3kd but im gold 3
What I'm doing wrong? I hold a tight angle but still die when I can't see them but they can easily see me. It's a great game.
Lol i solo que every time and i'm gold 4
Drop some advice i need more fps
I suck but i try i get 2k 100000000d
Me starting the game: imma play different ops today other than the usual buck with camrs \n\nme 5 minutes later: buck with camrs and the whole team is dead and I haven't even entered the building I was busy sniping geese on the roof
In all these clips he's fighting bots. Look at these reaction times. Look like silver players
0:31    trash
Thx bro u helped me
Haha used mouse on console Xbox well done .
Him \"I just got interagated\"\nMe (a can main) \" yer I'm spooky yer I interagate and I hope u shit urself when u see me\"
3:12 LOL
IM SUBBING TO EVERYONE WHO SUBS AND LIKES RHIS COMMENT
Not bad tips, but idk man i cant take a console player that seriously.
You are a tryhard tho
That first clip was just retarded. Wtf were they doing
is that a shield glitching?\n2:32
console players have terrible situational awarness there just so bad i played console siege and got 8-10 kills a game\nsome players are really good tho most are bad
Idk why but last week I have been dominating matches but for some reason this entire week I have been useless, I only got a maximum kills of 4 (It was my most recent game btw) but an average of 1 or 0 and I have been dying a lot, I'm the 1st or the 2nd or the 3rd person to die, my playstyle is the same and I have been playing  like I have been since last week so idk why I got bad
You play like a low gold lol
if that fov aint at 90 thats a no from me
7:10 also, try out new dead zones, I couldn't use acog on any guns until I lowered it all the way, now I'm dropping 5-8 kills per game. I also am gold 2 with only 3 days played
Hey what's up guys it's ur boi skinny penis
Loving the old casey neistat music
Outro audio lol
8:49 your audio back tracks, hard.
what are your console bindings
LOL that teamkill with the nitro
Make the right decision..... to copper I go
Ha jokes on you I can’t drop to copper because I’m already copper
i naturally drop 8 kills in casual at 60 percent effort but i seem to choke in ranked and i only have the rank of gold 4 and its embarrassing because im regarded as a good player among my friends but in ranked i do terribly and choke in every gun fight its a but sometimes ill go off like 2 days ago and drop 12 and 1 in a 4 round flawless win but the very next game on the very same map i went 1 and 5 plz help i feel hopeless im very inconsistent
look my problem is i have many killes and many deaths
The not being predictable part really got me. I was playing ranked and this level 200+ was playing like a level 10 and was sitting in the stupidiest places ever, but however racked up more kills more than me and wasnt even that good... We won the match but he carried us..
i solo queued and got to plat 2 in white noise
Im stuck in a limbo Bronze I - Silver  IV
idk my friend dropped 11 kills and me and two randoms all dropped 7 kills each and the last random dropped  on our team went 1-9 and we lost
Thanks for the tips these helped me get to plat 3
Im trash at this game
actually the best tip vid ive seen, I dont rly  need those tips, but really good to show my friends so they can inprove and I understand that it helps new players, well done dude
1:00 to skip all the bullshit
I solo qued into plat but my k/d took a very heavy hit
I was bronze 4 then I pushed to gold by myself (cuz none of my friends are decent) anyways yes I was solo queueing but I jumped to gold 3 without losing a match
0:30 the team kill??????
Silver White noise charm ??
I've been playing with a lot of ranked randos and am coper 4 with 1023 and need 1400 any one has a ps4 if you do add me it's girl_luicalibre
I want to play with you can I?
I’m plat 1and just can’t get that diamond consistently
fuck running from cav I hunt that THOT
At least play with one other player that's what I do and I'm almost platnum
Console vs pc. Not same skills or tactics
Lol this is on console\nReaction times of other players on console is slow af
My sensitivity on console\nVert: 100\nHorz: 100\nAds: 23\nAnything I should change or try working on?
Do you have custom condums
#BAIGE
...And that is a new subscriber
Hope this works
I did a solo queue and got Gold 3
Is anybody done to play rainbow with me on ps4 if so add me @btwyman04
I have a few main ops cav doc rook iq jackle
This is amazing... I hate the argument of pc vs console... we're all gamers, we should all love each other. However you have to acknowledge the hindrance of the controller vs mouse and keyboard... but despite this.. no joke.. you are the best console player i have ever seen and could probably beat my pc friends. <3 what a lad
I got 11 kills thank you sooooooo much
I understand my weakness, so I'm already a god
Sometimes I have low kills high deaths and other times I drop 2 aces a game
00:31 HAHAHAHAHSHSHAHA
Yesterday i got 12 kill on rang mode but i lost a rang??
I thought I could watch this and improve but I do all this anyway thanks anyway I guess
Liked subbed discord ?? ??
0:30 we all gonna ignore you killed your own teammate?
A lot of the people you kill in these clips are really bad and have no ears or team communication
please try  mouse and keyboard
These tips are false, I will never trust a console player.
Secure…
What I've noticed is that too many people want to have a high sensitivity and expect to be like Beaulo
O aways flank
when u solo que ur self to gold 2
Secure....ouch
Who da hell cares about thier kd
Does your sensitivity settings apply on above 60 fps? In my opinion, 60 is just too slow instead of 100 which for me, is a lot better.
Bro u are on console dog
Is there anyway you can make your right analog stick crouch?
How about aim down sights?
HOW TO GET MORE KILLS\n\nPLAY ASH
Don’t suck you scrub
Guys just play more and practice, start playing rank, these are usually common sense tips
How to get less deaths on ranked\n\nLeave before you die cause that doesn’t count on the scoreboard
Yay more shit I buy but never wear outside because I feel like I’m a complete idiot
Be unpredictable on defense and shift + w with ash and find a way to drop shot in 2018 and you’ll win
never listen to tips from a console player, sub plat 2 pc player, or a person who plays anything other than bomb... this guy breaks the three golden rules of siege tips
pretty bad tips
Step 1: wait until free weekend\nStep 2: make Smurf account\nStep 3: EZ KILLS
I solo que and i am plat
Great video... good way to analyze your game is to save your footage. It’s easy on ps4 not sure how easy on everything else but looking at yourself play helps a lot.
1670 hours into the game but never reached plat as my squad is so bad.  Hope to find some good people ready to join in seas.
Nice Video
And I just want to say to ppl that solo queuing isn’t a guaranteed rank loss, I got from bronze to gold on my first season playing from solo queuing.
These tips are pretty good, but you should make one for people who are higher level and generally get kills and work well in a team but still lose. An example is I generally enter from detention in border as ash and clear out roamers and lock down the hatch above so they can’t flank around from armoury. I generally get near double digits every game but I lose games quite a bit and have dropped from plat to gold.
I played 3 games today .\nFirst game 9-2\nSecond 8-3 \nThird 3-7\nI dont know what i did wrong\nDid i get to cocky\nOr was it just my luck
Why do people call solo q bad I win so much solo q or even on a team clearly if you are supposed to be in your rank your most likely not gonna have a problem winning because most players are out of place with their rank
U literally forgot that Rainbow Six is about more than just getting kills. Keep up the good work anyways !
is this casual\n??
Thank u this video got me into platinum and now I’m used to playing in platinum
RIP Bradley7272.
3:46 close call
I can use any op :))
What if a gunfight is lost purely because of hit detection?
What's a sens
Stop acting like your good, because, 1. Your a gold, who go 5points into diamond last season and been gold every other season. 2. You have a 0.9kd
What do you do if you find yourself at a much higher rank then your friends and they are all I play with I'm plat 3 last season there all like gold 4 and 3 but I love playing with them more than anything
I solo cued in ranked for a day. I drop down to copper 3 but I’m a silver now because the solo cued got me more knowledge on the game and I got a lot better
Dude is a fake. Using keyboard on console is ez mode.
I didn't even know until today that I was in ur video lol at 7:47
Any other nubs here?
Oh look ash with the r4c - _-. Because that isn't a noobish op combo.
You got fuckin destroyed by the godlynoob
Youre trash kid.
it should'nt even be about fragging its about skill
Really nice on describing the situations (:
Kills don't matter in ranked, winning the match is what matters. I've seen people with 1/3 of my k/d and are a much higher rank still
Move to PC. See how useless these tips really are
I played a ranked game against you in coastline, it was easy no offense??
Seems like u play against retards tho
I'm new to this game, what happens with interrogation. Like, when you or others do it.
am a copper because of team mates(was silver..)
I think there was an editing error in the end chaotic.
I litteraly get 0 kill sometimes
Can I borrow your enemies? Mine like to actually hold angles from every entrance
i have friends they all suck i carryed them to diamond but there hilarious too
If I’m going 12 and 1 in rank is that ok?
Lol a dude that is playing ash acog give you tips ???? don’t listen to him guy ????
I now play ella and zofia most of the time, but I will switch up for certain maps or enemy tactics. I have also started dropping much higher kill games and trying to improve my callouts when I die.
I’m a relatively skilled player and this still helped thx man
All of those r6s tips and they are all on the console. Allready sick of these clowns.
Jesus what a god, I never knew Xbox had a player like this
Lmao I solo que to plat
What about never peek from the same Angeles. E.Gchurch peeking then probe peeking not prone peek then prone peek
I used to be as good as you and had a plat 2 rank but then stopped playing because of fortnite. My kd dropped like crazy and I cant really pull in aces like I used too. Hope this vid will help
It’s really tough having a high kd in high ranks. This season my rank went from gold 4 to bronze one and back up to platinum lol. I solo queue so I really just gotta get a bit lucky. I’m consistently strong on the team though.
How about a video that shows you how to play a your role on defense
I don't have a op what do I do
How to instantly pull kills on siege umm aim for the head????
right at the end \"everybody has a main op...\" video ends
Don’t play console and you’ll automatically be good xd
Buy a good mouse
I do all these things and I still die i get about 9-12 kills a game and end up in gold with coppers and have to carry them and rank down I’ve only gotten gold1 heighest RIP maybe my team just sucks dick
What if I have multiple people I main? Like my og mains are ash and twitch and jackal but I also regularly play sledge, thatcher,hibana. On defense I play vigil,jäger,rook,maestro,bandit,ela,mira are these enough variety?
True words = Solo Queue and u will get Copper. Can't get out of silver mostly cause of randoms too (and my mic doesnt work in game)
I have a low K/D on some games...But I like to lie to myself and just say it's because I main Montagne.
0:25 \n\nworth it
You should mention, for console players :3
I solo qued i played my comp games and got ranked in Gold 3 lol is that ok?
Xbox one THEMOB123 I’m a decent player
What about high kills high deaths? My sens is 100 and 100 with above average aim
i am diamond and i agree with what u say but on the other hand u have to understand people lack patience and get bored like me for example i hit diamond using my skills and play safe i hit diamond then become over aggressive and over confident(cocky) because other wise i get bored
this friend shit is bullshit and making friends is bullshit everyone favors youtubers then anyone else FUCK THAT gotta solo queue everyone is just a annoying little kid or some fucking freakaziod
What if you have bad headphones
What do I do if I get high kills (10) and medium deaths (5) I'd say that's about average for me
Am in console have no friends to play with??
I call caviera the scary ghost caviar
Your not even that good ur potato
NO FREINDS MONKAX
Can I play
1.4 kd...and i am still a sliver 1 need a better team
Custom dildos
I average 6 kills per game and 6 deaths.
What if I'm level 120?
8:40 just use U and make sure you are not a 12 year old :)\n\nAlso i liked the video, but the caveira part is a bit... moving with team is not a safe ticket, also you can move alone if you know how to counter her which is actually nothing else than to lookout for these tips and increase your spacial awarness to 300%.\nThere were times i killed an entire team with her, and there were times i killed caveira in 1v1. All depends on game knowledge.\nI only came for this video cause i am a bit rusty nowadays and actually these are good tils better keep these in mind.
Dude just get kills b
ps4 add me gold2 brother_maleik
I found this to be no help .. Also my videos are far superior
Okay just because you die it doesn’t mean you got into an engagement
I want you to be my friend though????
I just dont understand my consistency or luck. I think I'm cursed tbh. If you ask any if my friends what a sign that we will lose the game is, they will say \"Eli going positive\" because for whatever fucking reason every game I go positive we lose.\n\nAnyway back to being consistent, one game I can go 13 - 4 but next game I'll go 3-6. I thought maybe I'm just better in certain maps but that theory was busted when I got chalet twice in a row and did exactly what I said. Idk what's changing between these games but I would like to fix it :((((
What if your good sometimes but trash most of the time?\n\nPS i subbed
What do you mean by play with a team. You play with a team every game. Just the fact people don’t talk
good content got my subscription ????
u have rly good aim for xbox
I dont have a main operatot
1 : play jager \n2 : play ash \n3 : play vigil \n4 : play Blackbeard\n5 : use drones/cameras\n\nEz clout
that audio at the end was a bit fucked
Thanks for this video, it really helped me identify what I’m doing wrong
You sound extremely like my dad who always watches me play and tell me the what to do  in every type of situations I guess life experience helps in games cause he is a retired swat officer
not everyone is rich enough to buy them all :)
I’m rank 56 and a smurf account (which was rank 351) called me a pro player.. am I actually so good?
What did the librariansay to the child?\n\n\nRead more
My ranked kd is 1.8 im still bronze 2... i just started playing Again tho.. i improved the kd from 0.7
Your discord isn't letting me talk in the messages
I'm trying to get diamond but I'm trash I play ps4 and I'm trying to get carried so if u good message me on ps4 it's Boss_gamer_7400
im a diamond why am i watching this lmao
Ouch every advices striked me on point
i'm really overaggressive which is good in certain cases cause the enemy won't expect it usually but i always rack up death so much
how is someone who has a 0.9 kd showing everyone how to get kills, lol.
?? play an op too much I never have that problem I have 7 or 6 ops I play on each map I have no main! Any ways great vid help me out a ton
Has anyone,on reflex,shot a clone. Idk why she is supposed to be good,I have never shot them on purpose
Whats your xbox name
What about me I do good or aful and thers no mit
I need a team, i am not a noob as well as a pro i play a decent game, just need some players who'll play with me, i've been playing this game alone for 5 months.
I normally go 7 and 3 in ranked on pc is that good
You're emphasizing the wrong goals. Kills aren't a focus. Winning is. A lot of high tier players have a k/d less than 1.0 But they win.
You don’t need to put the idea that the game is for kills, this will influence more three speed mains playing aggressive for kills than more team based operates who don’t often get as many kills
Thx for the tips this has actually improved my gameplay a lot!
That was the most accurate description of confidence and cockiness I’ve ever heard
you messed up the cut at the end
ps4 methods not gonna help me in pc :|
i literally solo q to Cooper 4
If you want to drop more kills and have better accuracy play on pc
I like to play as an anchor (mira, rook, doc, lesion, maestro...) and i always end up with low kills, low deaths. Either my team (we are usually 3-4 premades) always kills everyone before they get into the objective or im the only one left and i die in a 1 vs 5. I know, ur going to tell me this cant happen every time, well, it does, and i don't know what to do anymore. I can't improve my skills if the only time i get to shoot someone is in a 1 vs 4 situation where i get fucked every time.
0:42 He list the stuff that people asked
He never talked about Recoil...?
Lol nice outro
Ewwww wtf why do u have subtitles on
Any tips for dealing with keyboard and mouse players on console? It's becoming a issue when their reaction time is better. I play on both pc and console so it not hard to tell when they are using a keyboard and mouse.
What I do with my sensitivity is I started it at 20 20 and then every 2-3 games increased it by 2-4 points each. It’s honestly helped so fucking much
I’m inconsistent
u use keyboard
Become an ash main
Step one: Dont worry about it, if you support the team it doesnt matter what kill you get.
we live in a society
never listening to you because everyone that plays on console is braindead
if those are diamonds you playing....console makes me sad, and im not even talking about the fact that mouse and keyboard are more accurate, im talking about those time when you just creep up next to them. so sad console sucks, you probably playing 12 year old most of the time
What’s your sensitivity at?
Dont look some shit like this ... all u need to do is play
Hah jokes on you incant drop to copper if I'm already there lol I need friends xD
It’s PS4, just watch pro league or pro players, that’s what PC is and it’s more difficult Cos I hadn’t play PS4 in ages and today I played it today and I went 15-0 in ranked against diamonds and plat so
I don't have pc or ps4
After playing siege for over a thousand hours, I'd say my biggest piece of advice for anything in the game is that ranked doesn't have any correlation to skill and you shouldn't really be concerned about your rank. Remember, ranked is still in beta and has been for over 2 years with barely any changes to the ranking system. And honestly it's gone backwards. It used to almost mean something, but now it's literally random. You can be gold in one season and do amazing and next season be copper and then next season be diamond. Smurfs, throwers, people who got boosted, hackers, and all of those people will appear in every rank. And it's not just me, ranked has been in beta for such a long time and they STILL don't take how well you perform in a match into account at all. All that matters is winning or losing, and they're pretty much random
8:50 ...?
I was an ash main\nTried twitch and jackal became good at them and worse at ash
How do I find good people to play ranked with, all my friends who play are dumbasses and if I solo queue I get placed with people who are also stupid and leave
I do really good in casual. But for some reason I do bad in ranked
I solo qued and I’m noe copper 1
I dont have Friends and solo que but i am gold 1 ??
baaaaad
I’m gold one trying to get plat 2 back my kd is  fine I just clicked to tell ya is there any way to improve teammates
i like being copper 4 when ur copper 4 everybody underestimates you lol
I played at the end of Op Chimera, and finished as Silver II, bow I'm stuck in bronze and I'm awful........
1:05 says understand ur weakness and at that exact moment lol
Hey ur audio is a repeat at the end i think u put in the wrong audio it the repeat of the low kill low death
But my Main is tacahnka
Every day or two I change my main so I'm good with a lot of them...
Corey I think the audio was corrupted at the end btw
You have a .9kd??
the amount of time this guy shot thru solid walls, i see im not the only one dying to this
I only liked cause of \"bars\"
I solo queue all the time and I’m Gold
Hey I’m in the video at 3:46 I died lol
Im good but everytime i join my teamate is bad so i keep  losing in ranks whos has the same problem?
I think you’ve been making good tips my friends always ask me to help teach them but I’ll just recommend them your videos keep up the hard work and thank you for making good content
first tip dont play on console..
i never PULL out ;)
just git gud
Whats with the outro? You repeated the same audio
How to get more kills on siege, one tip, DONT PLAY ON CONSOLE
Am a good player if I always play solo and I’m plat 1
Noobi
Can you help me I don’t know when to stop peeking and when I stop and turn and peek another angle I get shot from the old angle
Looks like the ppl you’re playing are just trash... they hear you going for a run out but don’t bother reacting...
I solo que on PC, Gold 2. Play with my (trash) friend on PS4, bronze 1.
Yo dude, I'm lvl 286 and I was messed up atm cause I haven't played for a while, then i watched the how to get higher k/d video then I tried his sensitivity (but my horizontal is 74 and my ads is 60) then suddenly my aim drasticly changed and it was so good, because of that video, I finally convinced myself to change my sensitivity, then it worked, b4 I watched the video I always think that if I change my sensitivity, my aim will get even worst (because that happened to me b4) so, yeah tho, don't be afraid to change guys, probably it will make u better.
Did u say caviar ? ??
y u bully that dokkaebi
y u bully that sledge...
Best part about this channel is you play on Xbox so i know being a god on console is possible
You can easily get Plat 2 by SoloQ.
Is you sensitivity 26 vertical 80 horizontal and 20 ads or is its 20 vertical 80 horizontal and 26 ads
Why the laser sight? Just curious, I understand the hipfire aspect but is there any other reason? Do the pros outweigh the cons for it?
It's Going To BE Fire\n\n\n\nFree beans
Wtf contêiner e eze
All of u guys need to know and learn the objective of the game not  become Ash mains
What about pulling the bitches
I'll have you know I have over 40 hours in ash how dare you ever tell me to change my op
Did you tk with that first nitro in the intro? ??????
I change my main every one or two days.. i just got bored so quickly
well, In my opinion, solo queueing forces you to play your best at all times, because if you play with a and reach plat, it means less when when you can solo queue and work with randoms and then reach gold 1. I think that yes, if you solo queue you will be teamed with the most unfit, but you can force yourself to a new mindset which is just to \"carry\" your team.
I was gold four and I start to playing ranked by my myself and than I got to platinum three
You'd go crazy if u see my clips, I literally did everything u said not to do lol
No matter how many vids I watch I’m still trash
Solo q and I'm in gold Bru on pc
best yt ever
TAKE MY SUB YOU GLORIOUS BASTARD\n\nseriously this is actually really insightful. it's not just \"here's some obvious bullshit that every other channel repeats\"
Xbox 1:  TWITCH NJNYCKID
Interrogated by who?
solo cue is fine though, just talk in game chat, if you are a high gold and above with a decent kd you will find decent teammates too I usually have two teammates doing something bad like 2 - 1 - 5 but Including myself there will always be two or three players doing even and positive.
1-have a good internet\n2-play
i normally go 4 and 4 most games it not becuz im bad its just my roll in my team is to anchor and most of the time my team just kills all the enemy team
what do you do when you don't know who to play?
So I very rarely have more deaths than kills but my kd is still .9... why
soloQ drop to copper XD its not that bad. the only bad part is when your first `10 games go  bad or you drop in silver cancer ranks. even when you have the best skill ever. if your team just one tap your whit a deagle just becous the can. you wil never win.
low rank players harder. one silver always teamkill on console.   2 gold players on pc are so bad that the tactics work. and plat and daimonds is the wey to go. ez games nice games no BS no trash playz
Wait, you are giving advice on how to get good at this game on a damn PS4? LOL!
Tip number 2 is so true. I have a Smurf account and I die so much because I don't know what their going to do
lol my first game on after watching this I went 9 and 0
Says play different ops but uses only ash, 11/10
I'm down to fuck.
ChaoticLFS \nLFS: Looking For Sex?\nI think yes!
You kind of sound like athlean-x
Music ??
Love the content man
I see that you play console and I was wondering how to avoid jamming on buttons while trying to aim, if that’s just a problem I need to work on you could just tell me
The main problem I have is trying to overcome possible situations/obstacles in that small time frame of the last 30 seconds or so. For Example:\n\n\nLet's say this is Secure and I'm on defense. Im roaming or some shit, and I didn't realize that the second to last guy on my team died, and now attackers are securing. I get there, but it's the last 30 seconds or so. I don't have enough time, so I may make the right or horribly wrong mistake when trying to contest securing.\n\nIs there any way you could enlighten me on how I should handle this type of situation?
Lemme touch ur peepee good sir
Thank you realy this video help me continue the good wrk
Keyboarding?
You should do a series of videos that goes in depth with all of these topics.
For people who want to rank up in ps4, add me : kingbadlex, im plat 1 with 1.4 kd and have a friend who is diamond with 1.8 kd, only eu server
You forgot to mention the #1 rule. Rank doesn't matter.
not acceptin tipps drom a console player
How to get better aim step 1 play on pc
I only get cocky and kill greedy so I won't peek unless Ik I can
Well you could get skilled and cheat to reach diamond
Thanks
But kills dont mattee i ave 6 and up kills u just need to be a team player and Atleast get a good amount of kills
But you play on console ?????
how to get good aim: turn your sens and ads down and dont be a try hard
console
My highest rank is gold 1 was like 10 points off ranking up but I was playing solo ranked because I have no friends that play siege anymore they all play fortnite br all day anyone down to play sometime that would be cool I play on xbox
Why is everyone so bad on the opposing team lol
Why always on console fuck ?! Play diamond on pc zzz pussy
I went from copper2 to plat today the fuck
does anyone else get that audio glitch at the end were suddenly after saying \"hit that subscribe\" it just jumps back to him talking about the 2 kill, 2 death situation
Good video
brah
you should have more spaces for Ranked on P.C.
You should name you collection K.O T H I C C
Console xd
I went from gold 3 to copper in one day my teammates can't get any kills tand when I die we lose i usually go 15 & 4 most the time but I need  ppl to play with my \n\nMy psn is Silentrageclan I have mic hmu if u wanna play
thanks man this really helped
You earned a sub
I cant hear footsteps or rappelling they are completely silent. I cant hear myself or others so ppl just run up behind me with 1 spd rook and knife me plz help. In on xbox aswell
Why is good kd important...I don't mind having 2 kills 4 deaths every game if I play the obj and work in order for my team to win...
My main defense operators are Jager Vigil Rook Doc and Lesion\nMy main attack operators are Sledge Ash Buck Blackbeard Hibana Lion and Capitao\nLOL XD
Well in PS4 there are only 5% of players who use game chat
Is 8-3 good? Plz can u tell me how to improve from that, cos I feel like I can do better (other then learning maps)
There’s nothing wrong with solo queuing I’m on console and I used to play with friends and they were sweatys and I would drop to gold 3 or around that when I would play with them now I solo que and I’m plat 1 and I don’t communicate which yes imma bad teammate for that but good video
Boy these tips r jus logic
i rarely do anyone theres and i mostly get a postetive kd
This is click bait af
When I bought r6s in the first day i found a good sensitivity ,and what about if the guy kills 7 and dies 7?
Uhh did anyone else notice something very different in 8:50 on the video?
So i heard you mention droning rooms first...my issue with that is, i noticed in ranked it becomes difficult to drone because i have so little time to actually get to obj. Ive had a ton of games where i droned 2 or 3 rooms first and i found i only had 30 seconds remaining to get on obj and either plant or secure. Is there something im not getting or that im doing wrong?
R6 is so bright on Xbox!
Well guys im -128 in copper four and i wish i was joking
From the beginning I used every operator so I could have good knowledge with every operator. Sure I'm better with some than others but at least I know how to play with them all.
I’m i the only one who got a weird audio glitch at the end of the video
I sent this video to my copper friend with a low kd hope it helps
Just asking because I'm looking for headphones that are really good for siege because rn i am decent but if i heard footsteps i would be a pro.Are the headphones you listed in the description good?
Solo q for life
8:49 Now let's analyze the player that gets 2 kills.... Uhm ok??
Bars ????
Hey I would love to join your discord but the link keeps bringing me to the App Store? Is there an invite code I can use? I’m a newb at discord so I apologize if that’s a stupid question.
Step 1: get a pc \nStep 2: play a lot
Formation reward dangerous sophisticated statistics ratio other ongoing cigarette recognize
\"Listen to movement\"\n\n- Villa
no matter how u play always drone out before u walk in a room and bring drone back to u tip 2 save drone after u find obj so dont spot
Plat. 2
I solo and I got play 2
Even tho it’s console it’s a good vid
Do I trust him cuz console players suck ass. Console diamond plays a lot like pc gold
I always get mvp with high kills, low deaths in ranked, but I still always lose games and I’m trapped in copper. Would anyone suggest how to get out of the endless loop?
0:27, sledge ??
So why would you impact when your team mate is already there?
Funny thing is all your gameplays are like against silvers or lower thats kinda stupif while saying how to improve i can hold a 12KD or so when i would play against silvers all day
1:00 thank me later
ur bad
playing siege on console is gaming suicide
Sensitivity
Taking advice from a gold who plays secure...
Nice Thumbnail
Console is way too easy lol
Once I watch dis vid I know more shit now even when I'm a gold 2
Half the time I die it’s because the trash ass hit reg and headshots don’t count
Your aim is shit
I have a probably I don’t have one main op and that is my problem I am not great with any op but I am decent with all ops
I solo queued into plats that threw the game I'm now a bronze 4 someone help me my Xbox gt is jellyfamduke
Recently Found this channel and is now my favorite
Love ur content dude keep up the great work
Solo queuing doesnt mean u will drop down to copper, i got from silver 3 to platinum 3 only by solo queuing
Just get a copper 4 on other server
I pretty much only solo Q. And im in gold but ive ahd days where i drop multiple double digits in a row while losing them then have a 4-3 game amd win????
I’ve been plat 3 every season since operation health, and I can’t seem to get higher. This season I hit plat 2 solo queuing somehow, doing nothing different than the other seasons. I think I just need teammates that can carry their own weight.
I'm always going solo, because whenever I am playing with friends I can't be serious and I'm not focused.
What if your better when you solo
custom dildos ?
Secure area diamond Oof. Pretty sure ur boosting rank too cause on ur coastline clip that black beard didn’t even look when u used an impact on the doorway. \n\n\n\nOh wait it’s Xbox nvm all Xbox players are trash at siege
Just use hacks
hey look road to copper 4 is really really fun theyre really bad and being #toxic is fun fun fun
Do I need to get the fire extinguisher?
I solo que and fluctuated between silver and copper dropping 8-12 kills. And in console I’m between silver and gold dropping 8-15 kills. All solo que. Fucking kill me
I solo smurf and am moving up cause I talk my teammate I actually like over having my teammates because they don’t like giving out call outs they rage way to much
Best video eva
Thank you! I was stuck on gold 1 since the start of velvet shell! My mistake was that I was too cocky and and too aggressive, in some matches you could see me with 14 kills and I other you could see me at the bottom of the leaderboard, i tried to be less aggressive and now I die almost 2 times less, finally got to platinum!!! I play in ps4\n\n\n\n(I want to change to pc rn ??, but I don't have money to but r6s or friends to play with, and I talk Spanish and a bit of English, that's why I'm shy and don't want to go into discords and talk to people because I feel like a dumb person trying to talk in English properly ??)
Da DISCORD!
But what if you play on console ... lol
Yo bro hmu on ig prinetime300
Good vid already have a high kid but watched just in case it raised it and it did good vid.
I have my sensitivity at 25 vertical and 60 horizontal
what's the music at 7:49
This is all well and good but my problem is with consistency, sometimes I'll got 11-0 then the very next game I'll go 2-2 and then get smashed 2-7
I dropped at 4K listing to this ??
Why kind of controller do you use
I wash bad i was a copper 4 but then 1 improved and now im plat 2
Play some more PC
What’s ur rank
well the game is all about teamwork if you play with friends, but when you play solo your teammate not going to communicate with you the entire game which is quite stressful without know where your enemy are and lose all the way.
I spawnpeek the same window and it got me an ace
Ch0ice
Poor sledge
You even potatoe ?? you trash
Just play pc
U got new sub bro
Is he keyboard and mouse?
my enemyes make all of this WRONG and still killing me with a ONE fucking shot on the arm
Solo Q is not that bad i do better when solo than in squad
Step 1: Don't be a faggot, go play bomb. Secure is trash\nStep 2: Don't use ACOG on console  if you do your fucking bad\nStep 3: Find your sens in T hunt you should land consistent headshots \nStep 4: Calm the fuck down you can get your elo back\nStep 5: Realize that kills don't mean fuck all there are plenty of PL players with sub 1.0 kd's, as long as you can play your role effectively and you make good decisions and plays your fine.
My friend played with u when u were at 600 and told me about u he said ur rly nice and that he would love to play again
Who else been subbed since 600
I already pull an5.5 I’d but I still can’t get out of gold
Just watched the while vid and dropped 8-0
You get better.
I have my KDA 1.0 because i like to pretend i suck XD
6:08 i hate to be that guy, but shit like that just only happens on console. Even the worst of the worst on pc know  how to shoot and turn and hear, you literally pushed an ash who stood still...
Gr8 vids man literally watch everyone keep it up
People still care about rank and kd? Wow
Always if i hear sr25 or mk17 gun and i know where the shooting is coming from i never peek there
It's hereditary baby ??
Great Video!
I play too aggressive and challenge the enemy, usually i win.
Do you have any tips to make my headshots register??? I have analyzed my own gameplay and it seems that my headshots no registero. Pls help
Please stop playing secure area
Ur a Gold...\nWhat do u even know dude
Fake video I solo queued and got to gold ??
...\nSupport and comms aren't judged by KD\nSo saying \"get more kills in the situation\" is garbage\nI think you mean, play Secure Area\nI've never even been plat II, I just don't play enough\nBut I GUARANTEE you, I'll easily get diamond on XBox, and bring my KD up fron 1.0 to 1.5+\nSecure area is literally where you go to get your rank and KD higher, because the objective is to rush\nAll you need to do is get control of 1 site, and the retake timer is half The time of bomb\nSo when the enemies idiot teammates reinforce every wall, all your teammates need to do is watch the one doorway all the roamers have to enter\nAll your other tips are good though, and I applaud you for that. They're pretty dank brother. Keep that up. \nBut some pros have terrible KDs and go 0-10 in a series\nBut they used their utility, droned teammates, and made call outs\nWhich is me, took me ages to get my KD to 1.0 because I'm ALWAYS support
Misstake number 999 Dont be a fcking Console player
Headshots
I don’t have friends to play with
Lol ur nitro cell killed a teammate too
What’s your guys favorite 1x scope or to dumb it down reflex red dot holographic
Almost all your plays are ash plays dude
I deleted the Game because of this reason LEL
3:32 is the hardest one ??????
“ good shit Bryan “
Nice vid bro
Step one download aimbot \n\nStep 2  get banned \n\nNow no one will know about ur kd
I like the low key promo for the discord lol
Wait but I solo queue and I’m a plat ll
Thank buddy totally agree with everything you said and this video did make me better ????
I just need average platnium teamates, me and another guy will probably carry
First video I’ve seen from you and it’s a great video keep up the work
Nice vid but i dont like my teamates im still in gold and i los 4/5 times because of them and my friends arent always on
Been playing for ever and been plat 70% of the time. This season I’m not even gold 1
This looks SOOO much easier than PC and it’s gold and platinum!! Makes me want to start playing on console.
Can u make a video about ur loadouts plzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz
i used to be a gold 1 and plat 3 player... but now in these days i am gold 4 and 3, sometimes even silver 1 ?? idk kno man its like that my aim is bad now, i dont see people and i just like run past them and my reaction time is just bad
Respect putting jid on the outro
Need to get on your discord need a name or something need a team can't go down to bronze besause playing with no team is shit inv
my dude i didn't learn anything because i am good enough and knew what to do, BUT i still rly enjoying your vids and it's great to make these videos for helping people with being better, love u and your vids!
What’s the average kd for r6. I want to compare mine btw
I solo que alot and im far from copper lol but i also play with a squad im plat 3 almost 2
i dont have friends on siege an saying that ill go  bronze im a solo queue diamond zaino 4g is gamertag so go f urself man i thuoght u were a good youtuber but ur promoting urslf in a way tat people  wil not be able to reffuse becuse they will go to copper or bronze etc
excellent vid ty
I have a question,in siege,aggresive and smart is my playstyle and it works 90% if the time,why doesnt it work that 10%?
Solo queueing got me to Gold 1, with a squad I got to plat 3. Learn how to play by yourself first to improve yourself. Then join a squad.
How do I fix my hit reg?
I have fucking 16 kills and 7 deaths is that good or bad?
.9KD making a video on how to improve KD? XD <3
I solo que quiet often, still diamond and still holding it every season. No idea why people are against solo
What is your sens dead zones and ads
Hey found ur channel cause you played with my friends love your videos will you please add me at : XxItzJosexX
easy for you to say your playing on console and with coppers.........
thanks this help me with my rainbow skills now I can improve keep up the hard work
I drop an average of 5-8 kills per match, but I'm not climbing at all. I usually play with one or two people and I'm usually top fragging. I give callouts to the best of my ability, I'm trying to find fault in my gameplay and I can't. Is it me or my teammates?
If my first ever game on pc is 7-1 is that normal
I solo que to plat every season so... I’m copper
I am a solo quege plat 3 so don't listen to what he said about his discord he is just promoting
Just send it bro and what are these clips this is why pc is better then console
I’m a siege God in PS4 but this really helps me when I don’t play after a while or rusty. Thanks
Make custom condoms
When you only solo queue and youve ranked gold since red crow ;-; but in all seriousness working in a team is alot better but if they cant hold their own or dont have enough experience they can also hinder you so I suggest playing against and with each other a large amount of times so you can all grow as a team too.
Or you can soloque and improve faster as a player
Please check me out im new x https://youtu.be/9SukfHitigU
Once I was playing against literal level 1 players on oregon (I was level 150)(on lan). Obj was kids room. So I went to basement tunnel area and started watching cams to see where should I flank from. All of a sudden I got knifed !!! Bcz the plyr thought we were at basement ?????? bcz we took it last time and then couldn't bcz we won. Unpredictability at its best with noobs.
0:13 what happened there i wanna know!!
Just a quick question do u have any good Xbox players in that discord? Me and my friends sort of uh separated
Lol he put bradley7272 on the spot rip
Improvements on your side would be -\nPlay Bomb over secure. (Bomb players are generally better. A plat two - One is around the same level as the secure diamond.)\n\nTo improve anyone's aim.\nIf you have bad stick movement in a dead zone of the controller, either replace the thumb stick or buy a new controller\nPlay T-Hunt
0:30 lol
I solo qued to plat 1. Quite happy with that tbh
Sadly I don't have any friends and somehow mangoes to get to plat 1 while solo queuing
Which barrel should i use for ash
Say it with me CA-VEI-RA
That being to predictable clip still is insane to me
0:31 lmao you tked also
I was playing with u on pc and u plugged in your console controller and shredded better than me lol
7:15 (5th tips : play with M&K)
I’ll save u 9:18 it’s called git gud scrub
SOLO QUEUE TO COPPER!!! HERE WE COME!!!
i soloqueu but im in plat
What if I went 22 and 4 ?? I'm still in gold limbo
Another thing I want to point out that I think should have been mentioned, is quickpeeking while firing in close range. Do this in close range only if you have no cover and you're in close range. What quickpeeking does is shake your head left and right and makes it harder to shoot.
This cunt’s FOV ??
This applies to PC to? Lmao. Good vid bro.
Bro I checked r6db and your stuck in silver so don’t give tips when your shit yourself
Finding a team on xbox is not easy, I'm usually forced to solo q and usually my team doesn't have mics, or they just plain suck
Your fucking discord is fucking toxic as shit sort it out just came on and got fucking hate towards me straight away fucking sort it
I’m watching this because I have a good K/D ratio and I wanted to see if you had some tips that I use so I can be proud of myself. I am noe thanks to u. The Never Story was a mastapiece btw
What about people getting tunnel vision in a 1 v anything, and just stare down one door untill they hear fiftheen seconds left and shit there pants.
Hey i solo que and i didn’t get a bad rank i got plat 3
My technique of attack is don't rush. Always drone out your path first and always always always be ready to take out a roamer which you need to hear so wear a headset.
bars...
to socially awkward sorry cant
Damn cant wait for them socks
Is there a way to lean without aiming first on console?
IMPROVE YOUR K/D\nOR\nIMPROVE YOUR KID???
Who plays on ps 4 or x box
i wonder why many ppl use laser sight on ash ?
I always love the music in your out-roes
Thanks my dude, definitely gonna be sending this to kids going 1 and 5 in my ranked games ????????
I find tht now I don’t really have a main anymore I just use whoever lol
KD TOTALLY MATERS RIGHT NOPE
Just wondering if you are using any kontrolfreeks?
#chaoticlps the thing is is that every time I play ranked I’m against lvl 300s and 280s it’s too hard I’m only lvl 152
Can’t join the discord because this link changes??
I climbed from copper 1 to gold 4 in three days thanks to this!
Thx for the tips I started using other operaters and started using cav and got an interrogation every round and I'm not good at the game
you are AMAZING my guy.
This is honestly the best video on how to get better at siege for console.
I hate my internet like when ever I get near a enemy I lag and when I lay like 5 bullets to his head then he shoots me 2 times in my chest and I die but not him
Great video man just subscribed
When ever I solo que I usually win
My friend made a pretty excellent point the other day. He said people who solo que usually suck and that’s why they have no one to play with. Since they’re bad. From the people I’ve encountered who solo que in ranked this seems to be true.
I really enjoy these videos. You have made my gameplay much better, especially the aim part. I used your sensitivity but I didn’t like it so I lowered it to 40. Keep up the videos and never stop. <3??
Kd and kills mean nothing
Do a video of what to do in a 4v5 or 3v5 for the full game
Dude ur my favorite rainbow ?? YouTuber, I’m buffalogamers brother
I’m a ash and bandit main
I'm not gonna lie I was nervous that game I played against u
Yo man I fuck with the outro
Who cares about kd
What's is your sensitivity ?
Am i aloud to join jour disvord \nBut i hav a ps4
You sound dutch lol
yep played a game where the same guy peeked 3 times i killed him once and he died 2 more times by my team in the same window everytime lol
Wut follow YA BOI? Thats my smurf lol
Best xbox content creator out here man.
I always drop a lot of kills just watching for the fun
Ya boi can play anyone but glaz
Im solo. And im in gold star
What if your shots are just plain out not registering
ANALIZE
U ever gonna play on pc again?
yoy mean shitbeard
I've had my main acount since I was a bronze but I played with my gold and play friends an my k.d is 0.73 and need 40 odd more kills than deaths to get raise it by 0.01 even though I go positive every game
Jesus Christ people still play that game bro I hit diamond every season since dust line and that shit just got so boring and now it's unrealistic asf you got niggas making holograms of themselves or cams that cannot be shot out or  drones that are invisible and get your ass drunk like bro that game is so wack now
Well my problem is the more I play the game the worse I get I used to be a god
Fooking normies reeeeeeee
Dropping merchandise like a mixtape.. We cant wait to get that ??!!!
Just wanted to say thanks. I've had plat every season so far I took a break this season and only hit gold one. I sat back and watched you tips videos glad to say it has put me back on track. I just hit plat this season. Thanks
The confidence part is very important because I only had 6 bullets in a clip in a 1v1 and had no time to reload and said I was going to loose but I ended up hitting all 6 of my shot and won the round
I solo queue a lot and sometimes play with friends but i generally solo queue casual because i dont play ranked alone cuz no one gives callouts. In rank me and my mates arent super good. Ive been gold 4 and silver 1 three times now
My video paused at the right moment and it said; tip #1: ANAL
It won't let me join the discord, everytime I click accept invite it just takes me to a link to download discord but I already have the app
Awesome ass tips but one thing if I stop playing with my main operator i get butt raped dropping like 2 kills and like 7 deaths or worse fucken no kills but 7 deaths ????????
I understood much of the video but i cant know all because i'm not the best on english so if someone can resume this video in Spanish for me it'll be great, Thanks.
These are valid points, but this is coming from a ex-diamond with a .93 kd, maybe YOU should improve your kd before making a vid about it telling people how to improve their kd
Chaotic, you're one of the few YouTubers that actually help, your video where you help with sensitivity and peeks really helped my aim. Thanks man. Wish I could play with you sometime :D
I saw one video and i like it so im going to subscribe to you. ??
i joined ur discord but i do alot of these things but im still stuck in gold can u help
Is 5 kills 2 deaths good for console gold 2?
Damn boi. Already becoming a sell out and you're not even at 100k yet?
2 tips for you bro - 1- Dont walk into rooms you know have enemy’s in then un ADS’d - 2- Lower your horizontal sens and you WILL have way better aim. And do you play with diamonds? Other than that good vid bro
Nice video subbed liked and i think those tips are really helpful unlike others
Well Im gold ll and my friends gold l at the moment I had 10 kills and my friend about 7 and I got 3 teammates who were like level 30 (not smurfs) and none of them got kills.. They were silver 4,2. I don't understand the matchmaking..
What about players getting high kills and high deaths?
Thank you for the tips man
Nice
well solo queue dropped me to copper XD
Did he say tit number one
Huge fan, thz for the tips
I mean. I guess I'm the lucky one. I only solo que and I'm plat 3
I really need help bro, I’m losing kd and I can’t get out from gold 1 I feel weak
I sub just cuz JID????
Bet you anything haters say “I was dissapointed”
Recommend not to play same op each clip plays ash
Bars, bro your awesome
How come I never played against you and I’m a diamond who are you ???
Just need gaming socks. Just kidding, nice video as always! Been here since 10k (which is not that early but he’s grown so far, keep it up chaotic!)
0:20 bruh you're teammate must have been salt
These actually help a lot especially that sensitivity tip from the last episode
I’m sorry dude but you have a .9 KD and are only gold 2 this season. what makes your opinion worth listening to?
This is funny
Can you do a plat to diamond vid. I have been making plat and doin most you say but can’t make the final push to diamond
eshkitit?
For recoil tips, play thunt (normal-copper to bronze, hard-silver to mid gold, realistic- high gold to diamond) and play your fav ops. Once a day and ya get the hang of crosshair placement and your guns recoil. Try to swap out the vertical grip asap to get the advantages of a faster ads for being caught with your pants down. Also, every operator has gadgets for a reason, some for mobility (impacts/breach) and some are for making your enemy your b*tch (stuns/every trap op ever). Abuse everything that is available and at the least, work with your team. If they are trying to clutch stay quiet unless they are about to get flanked. My thoughts...
Like insta or snap
Not on discord
Is there a way we can talk
The told me PS4 daimond is copper on PC but im like Daimond on PC but Copper on console XD
I solo queed the whole way to gold 4 (it’s still bad but still) I have been silver for so long until para bellum and thx for the tips n tricks
Be my dad?
Custom condoms
Why do you use laser?
Your forgetting a very important thing, headshots don’t always work
All you really need is a good gaming chair
I was a plat 3 with a 1.7 kd and I stopped playing for some weeks now I'm a silver 4 1.4 kd not getting better I always play with the same team and im prob gonna join your discord btw I rarely do casual im ranked even without warm-up
I can get 4 or 5 kills whit any op so tip 3 is on lock down (exept jackal )
Thx your vid really helps????
Poppin’ off
Thx for the tips
as a player since alpha (diamond to) these tips are pretty good ??\nXbox Gt: TwoMuchFlick
Console lol
Sweet, I didn't even realize this was out until an hour afterwards!
Kills his teammate on accident 0:28
I can’t play on my main account I got banned for 7 days for reasons
Ez solo queue to plat 2 then deranked to plat 3 feelsbadman lmao
Fam can’t wait for merch
When I first started playing rainbow around level 10 my aim was trash and my friend was in the 100s and he ran away from a black beard and told me not to peak him so I did and somehow got a head shot after a full clip
Whould totally buy a shirt
Just followed, and glad to!!!
Awesome tips man. Can't wait to start trying them out
Basically what he is saying guys is...   -Play tachanka or ur gonna suck!!??????
What sensitivity do you guys use on console? I use 80 horizontal and 30 vertical
Pssst K/D doesn’t matter
Ok so I have a 1.1 kd, no one cares and I don’t even care. I win rounds and give me teammates the chance to frag out.
Why did this say it was uploaded 23 seconds ago when I’m an hour lat?
wun owa ago
Greatest tip of all use the SMG 12
Just have people that'll carry you and win every match.
Just hit plat 3 two days ago and I feel like I owe it to you. Not only are your tips and tricks videos extremely helpful but watching your gameplay also teaches me a lot about flicking and pixel peeks. It’s amazing to have come from knowing nothing about how to play this game to top 5.5% of the world in just under a year. Thanks for everything I love what you do.
Great informative video! However I feel like their could be more things you could of mentioned. Besides that AWESOME VIDEO ??
Do a face reveal and one for all of your friends plsssssss. Love the channel brother
3:28 should have let Brian die first
Good advice??.....I don’t even know what to comment anymore?????????//also the merch better be freaking fire??
m e r c h ?? ??
253 likes 0 dislikes good job
Nice tips, especially considering you have a negative KD.
In the beginning of the video, did you speed up your talking to get the video under 10 minutes?
Settings?
wow no like on the fat ass cock comment, you you aint a homie tf??
What if 7 out of 10 times I'm 10-3 but the other 3 times I'm 2-7
Whenever I switch my main, either I will have Potato aim (because of the dif. gun recoil) or forgetting I'm that op (forgets how to use the Op ability)
AYY, I SOLO QUED ALL THE WAYTO GOLD 1 LAST SEASON\n\n\n\n\n\nI ended the season in gold III
My kd is 1.1
I dont think i can revive my kd, 3671-4478
Another great vid my mans, nice job bro
Great vid, but I think you forgot something, adaptability, too often i see people go into firefights, and not adapt to oncoming situations.
No one disliked the vid! :D
How to improve my kd: Ubisoft has to fix their broken ass fucking game
Dude I just wanna say that you help me so damn much I love your videos but dude thank you so much love you dude  and my dream is to be a YouTube and you inspire me
i love ur vids bro but they never help me cause i am already a diamond but i love u
Chaotic,play some r6 with me
really good tips but at the same time it dosent help they just have to practice and learn everyone plays different you just have to play more to improve but good vid man!!!
From my experience in Siege, the sight you're using makes a difference aswell. I prefer to use the holographic sight. It offers the second most zoomed in sight (next to acog) and I potato less with it.
What’s your sensitivity
need friends on ps4 add me  jonnycakes1152
0:45 alright, controlling recoil 101: aim down as you shoot
Do you think rainbow is broken???
I've found the perfect sensitivity for myself, and for my friends also. If you want to go ahead and try it out here it is:\nVertical: 40\nHorizontal: 94\nLeft Stick Deadzone: (default) 10\nRight Stick Deadzone: 8\nADS Sense: 42\n(Just remember, it comes down to personal preference, so don't expect this to work out for you. If you like high Sense and accurate aim, this is what I have come up with, but this CAN be adjusted to fit your play style. If not, stick to what you have, because it took me 3 weeks to find my perfect aim and could be the same for you.)
Skrt skrt
Corey i luv u
I solo que alot im gold 2
I tried friending you on pc but you never accepted, I’m sad
I have a friend with a 1.4 kd who has never hit gold. He carries most games.
I love your vids
Hi dad\n\n\n\nEdit:corey you say your active in the discord yet you haven't said much in it im not hating on you i still love you?
I want to get carried to plat ????????????
Hi dad
Ez banger vid????
Subbed yesterday day ur great man
Thank you have some hearts ????????????????????????????
Si papi si papi
Great video I’m a big fan !!
Hey it’s VLveT Fox, what happened to having the video out same day we worked on it lmao ??
Y people find this so hard? Just shoot them in the head
Love this channel
Yeet
I gave a shoutout on my ig
Kd is not everything at all.
Im copping all the merch
Noti gang
thx for the tips, but i'm always top fragger in every ranked game...well most of the times
??
We can’t be like as good as you only because you have a better gaming chair just joined discord good job man
I want a chance to play with you if that’s possible! I have you friended on Xbox and I do play like a plat ????
Man I wanted to be in
4th
Chaotic remember me pavenplayz
Chaoticlfs has a fat ass dick
1st
Never clicked a notification this fast
Never been this early
LZS ????\nCensorship thoughts?\nSubscribe/Like/Share\nThanks for watching ;)
my house is in the map
i mean the asians are fucking great a gaming
Censorship is the big gay. let's ban china from having RSS
G
They only want to have one version of the game because they are lazy and Ubisoft is just looking for profit and dont care about their community
my hero he always hooks us up with Rainbow info
Next season prob in Christmas and the censorship should be optional like you said
It's utter bollocks. How could they do this to a game? It's just a cash grab in China
These are some dumb updates rainbow six siege is fine just put a switch for the ones that don't want it to be graphic
The first kill he gets a down with a headshot
Nerf bastion
My favorite operator is Maverick,his guns are good,his M4 and 1911
man up, china
If they fucking change anything but some of the aesthetics on the map I'm going fucking ballistic!
What’s the point they fked the game for others let’s vote to kick Chinese
If they go through with the \"de-gorryfication\" of siege, I will never play again.
It sucks the new updates sucks like fortnite
Siege will Be shet fuck chinese
blood splatter is a pretty big point, its a pretty clear way of seeing if you have damaged someone, how much depending on the amount of blood, and all the things you said. ubisoft doesnt know that this is a dealbreaker for some people, and that loyal fanbase is going for people who have never played the game, not even 100% sure they will like the game, huge mistake by ubi.
I think their censorship is just them being lazy.
I’m very mad
ubi have no balls.
Fuck what china thinks
Get ready for CHINA NUMBA WANNN spammed it voice and text chat..
They should make a map called school
well this is the new low Ubisoft has done since i started playing, but i stoped playing a month or so because at this point Ubisoft is milking the game and never listens to the community and i got sick of it. it was fun while it lasted 2 years of fun
ubi is gay
NERF BASTION
Yeah, it's really disappointing they're going away with the blood trails. this is a key element of the game and the hardcore die hard fans are very unhappy with this decision by the developers. It's really sad they don't care to listen to their faithful community that has been there since the beginning. I understand their decision to do this to capture a wider audience, but at the same time disapprove of it
This is honestly bullshit. I understand the point of Ubisoft trying to expand their player base, but these changes shouldn't be made for the sake of China, who dictates these rules. If we have a repeat of the PUBG problem, I'll never buy another Ubisoft game. Extremely disappointed with Ubisoft at this point.
As a supporter of the homosexual community I accept Ubisofts decision
That moment when Zen plans out the video to where he throws an impact at the hatch the same time he says it has a big impact on gameplay (55:00Seconds)
What about the drugs on theme park?
Yah no support for Dubai people clap clap clap
I 100000% agree with you on the fact that it should be a button, if anything you should be able to turn off hostage maps.
Completely agree with the idea of switches, why should we have to be flexible around their laws!  It’s their laws that stop them from playing the game. I love the current ascetics and way the game plays. But these changes could make tweaks to the maps that Ubisoft don’t want
I hate China we going to play with a lot with hacker rather be with Japan the Asian country
I'm pissed. China can go piss off
Siege is gay now with censorship’s
R6s Y3S4 exist\nChinese hackers nani
What about Bandit and his drugs? D:
Next demand is no killing with guns. Hypothetically stating.
Why would they take out blood? THIS IS AN FPS. YOU ARE SHOOTING PEOPLE. Why no blood ubi?
As a Chinese, the censorship authority & tencent are bs to me
operation nerf bastion
Bye Bandit!! ????
Actually, so to speak. There are many Chinese players in R6 SEA Server. No kidding.
Not only Chinese players will increase by this censorship shit, Amount of Chinese players cheating as well
Maybe Ubisoft should work on better servers and not worry about changing the game it’s bad enough they switched the maps up.
Ubisoft can just run a seperate region locked version for asia like many other games do, and let the rest of us have the game we payed for and dedicated so many hours of playtime for in the first place!. I dont want my game censored just so another country with bs implemented rules can water down my exsperience with my game. And if they start censoring now, it will just NEVER end! If this is the price i have to pay to play with asian regions, i dont want it
The play on that cavy tho
Anyone else see a screen glitch at 1:00?
Anybody else want more gore in Siege to quench their bloodlust or is it just me?
i live in a country near by the china \ni've play r6 like 2 years now\nevery match here are always fucking china faggot\nso i don't know why they are changing this shit
I think they should have the option like COD. For example turn on or off blood glore something like that
Expansion is always good but I like these things even if there small if you ask me China is great they have good food and art but they need to not have such strict censorship laws but you are right zen we need a switch gore or not
Fuckin  bots in this game bitching about skulls and blood stains on walls .. fuck sake go back to minecraft .. instead of making the game better they make it family friendly.. fuckin trash.. season 4 .. is gonna be the end of this trash game ..\n\nFuck chinese people..  ubi is more hungry for money that they are for fixing hitreg
Ubisoft has left the server\nEA has joined the server\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\nGreedy ass niggas
rainbow six siege has absolutely nothing to do with realism.
Better dead than red!!!!!!
NERF BASTION!\n\n\n\n\nTik Tok memes, I’m sorry.
Good job Ubi, now I'll have a hard time communicating with my teammates because of the language barrier
Does this mean that the Alpha bags are going to get removed as well? Every game you have a chance of winning and after every win you have a chance to receive a new cosmetic item. Not to mention that the special event bags have a random drop rate as well.
feckin china ruining games. stupid no freedom communist shit. instead of trying to sell your game to shit asians you should focus on home and get your game so good that more americans will want to play it and buy it. But no tom clancy rainbow six game has ever been good. CSGO rules the fps realm.
Hey guys chinese pubg servers moving to siege yall
Screw what china’s laws are leave siege how it is China needs to learn to adapt and not have the rest of the worlds happiness based on 1 countries laws
They removed the Cool aspects to bring the game to Different And larger country's Player Base Im not totally with it but lets give it a shot After it comes out on to different Country's Hackers Take Over rainbow six Player Base Im Refunding ...
0:57 says direct impact while blowing a hatch with an impact
God daaam chinies
0:57 \"Its also possible that it might have a direct impact on gameplay\" \nThrows impact
Zen brother I agree with you I wouldn't love to see an awesome legic game lose its blood over China decision couse if the is what makes it awesome fun why changed I'm just feeling bad for ubisoft throwing all their hard work away R.I.P. to some operators in rainbow six siege
The censorship is HORRIBLE!!! Ubisoft is making a horrible mistake, they are ruining the integrity of their company and game. The Asian PL team was TRASH ANYWAYS WTF! STOOPID
For blood they should add a paint colot of your choice that would be cool
Chinese are already playing, this censorship won't help at all
We gonna ignore how you shit on the kid in the beginning?
Wtf Ubi, you are destroying your game
Lets See how far this also will damage the Esport Market..
Honestly you Said everything. In the Core: INSTEAD removing These things completely, make it an Option for us to Turn it off or on of wanted. We followed this Game so far, we supported it, bled with it. So why removing the Things that are normal for us, making the edges round, giving a way better feel when being in the Game? We did so much for Ubisoft, now its their turn to hear us again
To bad for China
China needs to go
So let me guess mortal kombat is banned in china ?????
DAMN I DONT WANNA SEE OR HEAR CHINA NUMBER 1 AT CHAT OR VOICE CHAT
bruh they should just have two teams
Im not getting off red dead
They couldnt add a switch option because, like you mentioned a blood splatter is a clue that helps you, that would leave some players at a disadvantage because they wouldnt have those clues
Do they take out all the drugs in the game like on coastline or theme park?
Ready or not will put out siege
I don’t wanna get raped by a new race of tryhards
Will doc's and cav's skull headgear be removed as well?
Chains hackers yes. Lovely
keep casinos blood everything them chinese guys can sukk
Deadass I'm going to miss the stripper ????
Paying 120 dollars plus waiting 2 years is not my thing
So Caveira face paint will be Censored
Yo fuck china policy,we're not Chinese
Simple don’t sell it in China and leave the game how it is if the community doesn’t want the change then don’t change it.
Those motherfuking Chinese opressors!
they shouldn't take off the gorge they should have an on and off button for the gore
If they want clean games then they can go play wii or something for kids
I don't care about censorship if it means we can get asian to join siege
Screw China they need to stop being a bunch of pansies
No blood in FPS yea that makes sense. They might as well take out the guns to so we can play with sticks and stones
Fucking sjws
It's not even that big of a deal ??
Expected news for Blackbeard buff. Didn’t get news for Blackbeard buff.
Might as well have the maps emptied. What has happend to humans really.
Feels like they make the game more and more kid friendly facepalm
Hey guys
I love your idea of giving them the switch it’s always  China isn’t it
chinese player are huge problem to the community, 90% of 'em are hacker.. because I was one of it
Can I just say, China has honestly made the game so much worse. I mean if they are complaining about violence meanwhile it's an 18 PLUS GAME. If your being a pussy, and you don't like the violence then stop playing it all together instead of spoiling the entire game for the rest of us. Retarded.
this is bs about the changes coming to seige
I don't mind the changes. I HATE that I have to live by Chinese censorship laws. China is led by a dictator, instead of bowing down to them, fight them. Dictatorship is in no-way good. I even hear many chinese people say that it is horrible Ubisoft bows down to Chinese laws. But yeah, the more money they can get, the better I guess.
This is why we need a wall
Still upset about the censor bs make it a option to keep or take off
Can’t join on iOS rip
Well I guess I’m not playing this game anymore
Uninstalled... \"they removing just the neon girl from the wall\" Ye-ye... \"Every sexual content\" so, what about the thicc operators? :'D
its like Ubi wants this game dead, like come on! removing everything that has to do with violence in a FPS!?!?!??!!? WHAT THE FUCK ARE THEY DOING!!
Nerf bastion
Personally, I'm really looking forward to Y3S4. Its the first time since I got the game that I'm getting the new operators when they've come out and I'm very excited to learn the new techniques and weapon styles.\n\nI'm not sure how I feel about the censoring. I'm glad Ubisoft is doing it because they want as many people as possible to play and enjoy their game. I'm mad because while its good we get more players, its bad because there are going to be major changes to some maps which means that certain parts where it was safe to hide aren't anymore.\n\nEither way. I'm looking forward to whats new and am not looking forward to learning maps all over again.
Sooooo were changing the game for a bunch of hackers nice
R.I.P theme park... ‘’drug use’’
I’m a Chinese player and that censorship is just unreasonable and Ubi can definitely make separate versions of the game so that the rest of the world doesn’t have to suffer from that censorship.
wow china wow really that is so lame so fucken lame just don't play it if you can't handle it wow
People have blown this way out of proportion. First of all, those icons could just be switched in a patch for zero reason, as many were before. Furthermore, no one would care if the stripper was changed and the bloodspatter taken off of it wasn't put out like this. The vast majority wouldn't even notice.\nThe removal of 3D assets has some standing in people being mad, but it's blown way out of proportion.\nThe real issue? They released this all at once and framed it in a way that can be called censorship. If they had done it in pieces or not made a blog about it, the word \"censorship\" wouldn't be attached to it at all. And it's that word that is sparking keyboard warriors, not the substance of the changes themselves.
Just expand it to Hong Kong only obviously.
yup becouse the chineese are wel know for playing fair and never cheat -.-
Ommmm they made hentai they could take gore and skulls
This is retarded about ubisoft
Wait you are telling me that china is NOT ok with some blood spluter,slot machines and other in game things because the cant sell them but what about vr kanojo (dont Google that) and other gory and nudity +18 games that not only they make but also sell. China is ok with gore (not the cod ww2 type gore) its Just ubisoft trying to make some changes because Who really cares about some blood or a slot machine they are Just changing things that wont really bother us shooting each other
Green blod
Well guess its RIP for cav.
I’m sorry but can we give a shoutout to sledge at 5:07 for shooting his teammate and avoiding being discovered?
I hate the censorship, it should be a setting you can change, depending if you want blood or not.
THEN WHY IS PUBG ALLOWED IN CHINA IT HAS LOOTBOXES, BLOOD AND SKULLS
Jesus Christ is lord of all! God bless you all!
I foresee the entire theme park map going. It’s a map in China with Chinese characters filled with drugs and a lot of heavy cult imagery. Hell there’s an entire room dedicated to the cult. I don’t think it’s an unreasonable fear that we may lose the entire map. Hell look at what they did to the blood splatter on Chinese paintings. This is really really upsetting to see siege do this
So does that mean Lesion and Ying are getting buffs? You can't kill the Chinese operators without threatening China. Or maybe it's a technicality since they're from Hong Kong?
has a direct impact *throws impact grenade immediately after sayin the word impact*. or am i the only one who noticed and laughed about it xD
Rip drug lab in Theme Park
JUST CREATE ANOTHER GAME FOR CHINA FFS\n\n\nAre they gonna remove drug lab on theme park? FUCKKKK THE CENSORSHIP
If they experience a player drop they might undo censorship
This sounds almost like cultural colonialism. China is considered the dominant market so we have to abide by their laws. Whats the point of our politicians discussing and voting on issues if China gets to decide what we consume anyways.
They gunna get rid of Bandit now??
From what I’m hearing, China blows soggy dick.
I think if somebody doesn't like this awesome game then DON'T PLAY IT SIMPLE AS THAT these Asians don't deserve this game
I hope after giving you $120 I get something out of it
1.I get ready for \"China 1. One \"\n2.Even if you live in Berlin,London etc you play in chinase servers always\n3.fix ranked,casual why i am not even ranked and i fight against Diamons
Not cocaine room and drug lab!!!??????????
Straight bullshit
CHINA IS SHIT!UBISOFT should really let China out of their business area you guys really don't know about China !HK HERE?they just blocking some thing they don't like similar to North Korean also u can see tho YouTube always block but yeah of cause they're smart they still can find a way to use that??????????????????
No China please, too much Chinese hackers pubg taught me this
Fuck China they suck why would u hit change knife to fist
#notmysiege
If blood splatters becomes a major issue, how would you guys feel if they changed the color of blood to bright purple or a neon color?
My thoughts \n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\nF china
Rainbow is great...but edith friends now that i play on PC And have no friends i miss my PS4.
Why is China complaining? Didn't they try COMPLETELY ripping off rainbow on a mobile game?\nEdit: Also this is a mature game which warns people about the game so why should they complain?
If they get rid of the blood splatter then they can’t call it a realistic game
I know spanish and as far as I know cavs name doesn't translate to spanish. Spanish is different depending on the country but as far as I know it's not
If these censorship updates become a part of siege, im selling it and never playing it again its pathetic, \nAnd a good man on reddit who was banned for making this point said that if you are gunna go through with this you have to take the tom clancy name out of the title he would roll in his grave if he saw his universe bowing down to a corrupt government like the Chinese\nIts such a joke \n#RIPsiege
That’s bullshit that means people in Asia can join EU servers with 500 ping and just demolish us because of there lag I’m going to quit if they do this
If siege all the blood ill stop playing ubi games
Just got the Jäger skull mask from the Halloween event, when it's removed I would rage for days. Fact
These things need to happen in order for the game to grow. Sad or not China is a huge market. \n\nIt's good for the playerbase and it's a thing that must happen. Yes, it's not ok but i can deal with that. As long as the gameplay and feel is the same.
Gore Switch <3
Uhhh this is so dumbbb
The chinese are pussies
Thanks, zen. Finally some calm discussion. It sucks that theyre doing this but i think people are overblowing things. We'll have to wait and see for ourselves, hopefully ubi doesn't mess this up
I hate that there taking out the knife  and bring in the fists
fuck china. fuck overly sensitive people.
China doesn't want skull in their game but they are completely ok with shooting unarmed civilians
Trust me,its not going to be good for anyone. Chinese is super toxic.
This is a joke we suffer because china needs a safe space
does this mean they are gonna get rid of the cocaine lines on the bench in coastline
I dont live in China so why the hell do I have to play with their laws?
Why remove blood in a game about shooting and killing
Yknow I saw Blackbeard in the thumbnail and thought it said massive nerfs...
KOWALSKI ANYASIS
Blood splatter in pubg for China is green ffs
Screw China
How about an update where I can find a match in under 10 minutes lmao
The Censorship thing is dumb, China already has their own version of the game and they can play with people on other servers without issue.
I don't agree with the censorship. What will they do with Yacht? They have an entire room dedicated to gambling. This game is already rated M. Nobody under the age of 17 (in the U.S.) is supposed to play. No it doesn't change gameplay but it does effect the immersion. When I see a map with bullet holes. I expect to see blood and or dead bodies.
It's simple, I've spent a good amount of money in the game already, and I know others have spent much more. Add a region for Asia that has these things turned off and leave the rest of the world alone. This is already a mature rated game, and if people can't handle it, don't play it. We're supposed to have freedom of speech, so all this censoring isn't needed and feels more like the game itself is going to be held back. If they have all this extra revenue by bringing the game to the rest of the world, they should have plenty of money to have a team dedicated to these kinds of changes. All they're doing is removing a few objects and changing map design, the rest of the map and game will be the exact same, so why not have a separate version for them? Saying they want to have only one version sounds more like they are cheap and too lazy to make more than one, and that to me seems pretty pathetic.
May be there a sand storm and if your outside u die
I could honestly care less about the censorships... Like, I feel like it'll be one of those things where everybody complains and flames China n shit for a week or two, then a few days after release, nobody will care anymore. It's not changing the gameplay, and it's shit that I don't really pay attention to.
Do you want to be Winston? No \nBastion? No \nWind bastion? Hell yeah!
I understand why they would add censorship but the people who play the game for the hardcore graphics, gameplay, and gore religiously may cause them to loss some of there fam base if they alter to much. I advise them to make so different versions of siege and or two different modes and or settings that a player can use before a match and or during a match to apply censorship instead of being forced into it. Sadly knowing Ubisoft for a long time they might just change it due to them already having there mind on it and it’s hard to change there mind so if anyone can bring attention to this please do.
Alpha Packs are a form of gambling ??
i gonna stop play r6s and play overwatch again
I'll be wind bastion
im reporting ubisoft for greiving
looks like the dev's aren't going the right way with the game
I would be cool to see some comments about Wind Bastion...
wtf are they talking about there's already chinese r6 and its not cencorned
Rip neon stripper
My grandpa died during the revolution in my country to remove the communist regime AND NOW , THAT I AM AN EUROPEAN CITIZEN, I WILL NOT LIVE UNDER ANY COMMUNIST IMPOSED RULES
Morocco - yes\nIsrael - no\n:(
Ok you can censor maps you can censor icons, but don’t you dare touch my cav, got it, good.(also there are SO MANY EDGY HEADGEARS)
Lets vote kick china out this is a American and it stay American
Yo
Cry cry blood splatter omg we cant have that cey cry.... I china lead by a 6 year olds that cant handle seeing blood??? Mexico has their own religious acta.... But you ignored them cuz y want fucking money and china has that money... Fucking ubisoft
Dont put blackbeard in there without saying a change about him?? and Idc about youtube changes, your title is Rainbow not Youtube...Just saying
If skins get removed or camos... better get my fucking cedits and renown back.
It’s always China’s fault - Donald Trump
Everyone should re-read the patch notes. They are censoring ENVIRONMENTAL blood stains. Not when you shoot someone. That is not environmental
Its a “huge change” fuck off. They are making a few changes to the way the game LOOKS. It changes nothing with the gameplay. It’s understandable to have one version of the game so they don’t have to have a split dev team. If cosmetic changes bother you fuck off
China, \" no violence\" siege, \" Screw what the rest of our player base says, we gonna try anyway!.... wth Ubi?
Why not just change it for the Chinese copies like every other game does?
Rip drug lab and Oregon
China Numba Wan
Why not make 2 different vasion
Who wants to boycott siege?
NERF BASTION
0:57 was that on purpose?\n“It might have a direct impact” throws impact grenade
I cant be the only one who came for blackbeard.
This mans just impacted the echo drone at 2:00
I swear Siege will end up like fortnut... :/
How about the skins?  The skull skins like the face of cav,  the legendary skin headgear for Jaeger?  They will Change too?  Instead of Skull they will put some mask?
Pengu is gonna complain about no blood next :)
Its a rated M game for a reason smh
I dont rly like it I've played since may 2016 dust line dlc its changed a lot but these changes I'm not a big fan of \n\nBut everyone has their own opinions and that's mine.
Australian operators where u at dog
The dam aog scope has led like it’s a rave ??
To be honest I hate the death icons but i know that they have to make it so people in China can like play it while it's safe or something like that  but yea I just hate it I'm not used to like knifing people in games that show a fist icon. ;-;
Tosic Chinese players invaded Pubg\nnow..
Siege and for honor are bad spots ubi get it together
Sounds cool. But I’m boycotting it till they undo the censorship.  You wanna remove gambling so you can make more money but you don’t wanna remove loot boxes because it’s gambling you can also profit from then fuck off.
#FUCKCENSORSHIP
Hopefully they don’t screw with the blood spatter because that provides a lot of information. Exactly like Zen said
Theme Park has rooms dedicated to initiating cults
bye bye bandito dorrito
So China can’t have skulls and blood on walls but can have a shooter game we’re every one is just killing each other and anime with a lot  of blood
Well....then stop being China. We didn't let our government go Commie. Fuck'em
China needs to be nuked
This is stupid
Long story short, fuck the sensitive ass ricey riceys in their communist hell hole.
It's a mountain fortress...
Is Black Beard getting nerfed again?
The chinese knock off and pirate everyone elses crap but hold the west to a double standard and require us to adhere to their political views?  They can go suck Mao's Zedong....
Ugh, politically correctness in this game to?  Fffffuuuuuuu
i just want pre lean on console
Yes let's reach out to china so we can get more hackers thru the already hard trying anti cheat
This is bullshit. Even with all these “good” changes coming to the game. And yayyyy more ping abusing Chinese players connecting to the wrong regions in the world and causing me to lag out of games! YES UBIIIIIIIII
i'm down for having the option to turn blood on and off, furthermore i don't like my experience being impacted so heavily by policies that we all know are unfounded and unjustified specifically regarding censorship in china. If you aim to change cav name or skull painted on her face you are essentially destroying art. For the french company Ubisoft maybe you could relate to the scenario of if your art in your art exhibits where censored or removed because in their culture they saw your french art as garbage propaganda and for no other reason than to censor your form of expression.  Would you really ask your current player base to compromise their values to play your game? Is freedom to enjoy the content you payed for really something you want to infringe upon? I know money is the motivator for a game publishing company and that on the books it makes sense to make one build that all players share, but you are defacing yourself to an extent that takes away significant value from your published art and spits on your community.  Meet us halfway please and make the chinese build separate from ours or make an options to switch these cosmetic features on or off depending on the region.  This would be the best play as you would still save profit at the same time as showing your current player base that made this game successful that they are valued and respected. Everyone wants to share negative news, fewer want to share good things and by that math every time you put out bad news like this you are putting yourself down 9 points for every 1 point you gain.  \n\n\nIn the end personally i find that i have less reason to be excited for games released by ubisoft and though it will not be the deal breaker for me in every circumstance , it will certainly dissuade me from making some purchases based on the level of trust i have for your judgement as a company. \n\n\nI plan to continue playing siege as for the time being but i wait to see if ubisoft can make the best call and give players what they want on both sides to the best of their ability.\n\n\n\n\n\n\nanother comment lost in the noise...
this change is a MONEY thing thats it!! Its known that the Asian market love spending money on pay to win, pay to upgrade, pay to boost, pay for cosmetics etc they have no issues with buying in game items and ubisoft knows this , thats why they willing to bend so low to their rules, what they can do as well is have an option to turn off blood and gore in the menu
It's funny that they are censoring gambling but i bet they won't remove the alpha pack purchases which is gambling. As for the new map maybe a dust storm kicks up outside and it makes it almost impossible for defenders to spawn peak kill.
Castle rework?!?!?
THEY ARE CHEATERS! We don't want them on our game. We already have enough of them
I don’t like the changes in the maps at all
You know if siege is changing and censoring stuff in siege so they can sell more copies, then they dont care about the community or the game its just about the money
This game was possibly the best shooter when it first released now this shit it wack.
Rip cavi and bandit.. this is so dumb
Wait the new season is already here?\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\nTime for renoun grind
how could this game even exist in china?
Rip all the coke on theme park
Cheap ass Ubisoft ??
No gambling content allowed? They’re removing slot machines but what about alpha packs?
NERF BASTION
This season is gonna suck
Wait so if its global will ther be diffrent severs
China had the BIGGEST gays of gay
I think the censorship is stupid I don't like it and if it happens I might consider not playing anymore.
So here is the thing, alot of hackers are from china, so great move UBI. Battleye is going to work extra hard against the chingchongs
Operation: I wanna be Bastion
Chinese people suk
FUCK CHINA AND SHITTY UBISOFT
Im just saying if we don't pull together they will run over us with this censorship bs. It's not right that in america we have to abide by chinese censorship laws like sorry but thats how I feel about it, and well js theme park drug room has stacks of drugs lol so new sight lines to window and to inside. At this point might as well give the game a cartoon look like over watch and put the rating down. xD
Sooo... with other words china messed up rainbow six siege
Asian players of crap hey people get ready to get yo but kicked ??
I don’t want the censorship I would prefer different versions of the game
Wtf  is that? In germany we cant play uncensored games (wich is kinda ok i think???) But in every other Country u can play them uncensored (wich is kinda unfair but idc that much). So why does Ubisoft change the game for everyone because of just one Country? Why dont u just make it like in Germany?
sees china update \"It's Just one of those days......\"\n\nFUCK CHINA
6:39 lmaoo that ela went into the fucking atmosphere
I swear to god if they touch one bit of cav I’ll fuck off to Overwatch
Just change it for China and not for everyone
Probably just shadows
I've got a solution to the problem. Don't sell the game in China, i mean it seems pretty obvious
Fuck china lets just nuke them
One like to bring operation skull rain back!
its fukin bullshit!
Wtf happens to my charms I paid for like the Halloween charm I got wtf
This is shit. I think this could ruin r6 it will look like fortinite. The game is 18 and up for a reason.
no one wants chinese cheaters into the game and CuckSoft loves to censor stuff
Ubi has fucked up
In the barricade it had a pixel peak
I also think that those Ubisoft fucks should be much more than happy with their current amount of players and money. Just about everyone buys that stupid season pass every year, they buy R6 credits, other outfits and skins and STILL Ubisoft isn't happy.
Can we vote kick or to China
China! They kill stuff that we like.
This is where I think quality over quantity is better.
But arent alpha packs a form of gambling?
I hope the season drops in December or January, mainly cause I don't want to miss Fallout 76....I'm probably going to drop day after day into it for a while like I did with 4, which I have over two thousand hours of play time in. Also, Zen, you're awesome. Keep up the good work.
Chinese players won't impact gameplay? Have you seen PUBG first they will kill the asian scene,SEA was already toxic enough with cheats from singapore and once they are done with us they will spill over to EU and NA. Have fun with a game where you have to report the enemy after every killcam.
why the fuck they don't make a china version of the game like other normal fucking companies
jesus christ Ubisoft. its a game where you kill each other. I honestly don't think I could support a company that is gonna make changes like this to appease another country. I can't stand when something has to change for everyone because of one or two outliers. a separate version would be acceptable or the option to turn them on like you said. whats next? the guns will all be changed to super soakers? or taking female ops out of the game so they can sell it in Saudi Arabia? whatever. there are other games i can play. sucks because I love the game.
It is China’s fought
Thank you for drawing attention to the censorship, it seems Ubisoft are trying to draw everyone's focus away from it with the new season news. One of the worst things about the changes is the way Ubisoft is contradicting themselves on the changes and lying to the fans that have stuck with them through the game nearly dying, and the many bugs, glitches, and issues (netcode, ranked etc). The very fans that keep the game alive and keep the flow of income. That's just completely disrespectful, they don't deserve a penny from anyone for that.
Open all r6 servers to china well, just hope there won't be as many cheats as there were in pubg, after fully supporting that market.
Rated M game (Siege) turns to Rated T game.
OPERATION CENSORSHIP BOW DOWN TO THE GREAT CHINESE LEADER XIJING PING
Lol, bastion already nees a nerf!
I would join have to wait for now it have to be later down the road if i join later but i do enjoy siege
In my opinion Ubisoft are well named because they have gone( soft )and are about to spoil my once favourite game ! Damn you ub(soft)!
What if the new attacking operator gets a glider or parachute that she can use due to the wind
I just dont understand why they get rid of the blood on the wall, meanwhile, you shoot someone AND SPILLS BLOOD ALL OVER THE FLOOR AND WALLS
I just say make a new version of the game because i don't mind the skulls being remove, its the blood i am worried about, but thats my opinion
00:42 this is spartaaa
Maybe give a cav a cool half face mask
Before I watch the video. Blackbeard is getting a nerf
6:08 \"The blood splatter that happens after you shoot someone. It is a distinct and extremely unique feature of this game...\"\n\n\nAh, yes. Bleeding after being shot. Ubisoft is an industrious and thoughtful bunch, they.
I agree with most things you said, except that moving the game to more places (China) is only a good thing. Really? China? The country with a reputation for cheaters and hackers in games. I think that China should have its own censored servers, but I'm not a dev I don't really know how it works
6:40 - Operation: Health Pack
Overwatch gets ashe and rainbow gets bastion
I am fearing for Blackbeard once again
What are they gonna do with Bandit, Ubi knows that taking his drugs will be chaos.
whats going to happen to all of the cosmetics people have bought with skulls/blood/flesh being shown?
Cenorship....applied globally, because of china?  What the F....
Let's vote kick China !!!
your ideas are great mail them to ubisoft
the seasons gone quick
Blood splater used for tactical advantage and info isnt so unique and special to r6s other fps games like counter strike had them for years
I want to get the gold badge
Zen the switch idea is very good
Rb6 gonna have more hacker because players from China.
Dang.. China becomes the 4th reigh. Holy fuck..
Welcome Zen to morroco
I'm arabic so welcome to morroco siege community
I hate China but not much
They shouldn’t censor the game.  It’s such crap that the whole game is going to be dumbed down because of the Chinese government.  As much as I enjoy the mechanics, the atmosphere of the different maps is so appealing and adds character to the map and makes each area believable.  It really makes me upset that the game is getting censored.
Ur a legend man as always I say
Zen ???? ?? ??????
i beg god please dont be like pubg
N E R F B A S T I O N
Vote to kick commies
I hate China... fucking commies
When will a new season come out ?
WIND
[This Comment has been censored by China Government]
Ubisoft why ! Just why !
Basically next big patch is:\n-Censure\n-Nerfs\n-Moracco
greetings from morocco
Lol did you say blood trails are left when an enemy is downed?
Why not make a special version JUST for China?????????
Just make a differnet copt of the game for china they cant/shoudnt even play on our serevers anyway
Sorry bud but the America’s are the West
Yea Censorship is bad but 6:41 Jumping Caveira is good
I’m Asian oWo\nbut I’m also a bit American
My sisters boyfriend is mad cause I had sex with his girl
Sounds like communist propaganda, but ok.
Honestly, I mostly don't care about the censorship, just give Blackbeard and Capitao a buff, I never see them in matches.
Lmao fuccing communists. They did worse things back then and now they get mad for some blood and drugs. This is the world we live in. Ubi should make a ingame setting for chinese players to only have their legal things in game.
i cant join idk why
So their deleting Bandit\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\nDrugggs??
just stfu this game's dead
Nice video but what FOV do you use?
I would love an outside map and maybe the wind affect sound
Hi Zen, \n\nTo start this off, I believe Operation Wind Bastion will kick-off on Dec 4. or around that area. Reason I say that is because they usually release the new season 2 weeks after Pro League Finals, I'm assuming? ( I'm new, just came into Siege during Para Bellum. ) But, didn't Grim Sky do that? They teased the Frost Elite and then announced the release date for Grim Sky. So, it should be the same, only with a different Elite Skin this time. \n\nSecondly, the thought of censorship does trigger me. A friend and I who play daily were conversing about this, but he contradicts himself a lot. He always tends to be on both sides of the argument - you made a great point about the blood splatter, and I do use that indication of bloodspray as a \"caution\". With that kind of... toned down, or gone, it is gonna be hard to adjust too. I, too, mentioned the Option System. \n\nPersonally, these small things that'll be happening won't deviate me away from the game, but there is one BIG thing I am hoping for with the new Operation... that hit reg. actually works in the next few weeks. I can't tell you how painful it is when I run up on a Monty, and headshot him with the 41 bullets in Ela's clip and he doesn't even go down. ( A daily dilemma btw lol )
NERF BASTION, NERF BASTION
What about yacht? It has a casino in the boat :/
How you go from making a Halloween event with gore everywhere to this??
u want to hear our thots???
Ive noticed that you keep switching between operator outlines through walls? Ive only just switched, not sure what i think about it yet but it does help in some situations
Nerf bastion
is ubi going to delete a whole room in yacht (casino), gonna remove caveira's smink ? and if u r shooting somebody ? wtf ubi….. fookin china again
Seriously ? Because of these weebs we are gonna make this game like a fortnite now? Who cares about China ? And seriously are they so dumb they can't understand it's a game. Fucking asians and their retarded cultures.
Wait so are they going to remove ela thickness?
Fuck you China. Dont get me wrong I love your Chinese food and * me love you long time* but I think there just pussies and let's be honest they did some gory shit in the past back in ye old times
I hate ubisoft so much... Just make another client lazy greedy fucks, this game will bexome safe space like overwatch mark my words
Does Zen have Merch, & if not when will merch become a option to purchase!
If bandit gets removed im going to go buy 10 bottles of bleach
NERF BASTION
Dia de los muertos, not Los Muertos. It means day of the dead as you said. Only a correction. <3
The Censorship is absolutlely retarted.
No matter how much drugs Ubi ganna take away from maps,\nBandit will always bring more batteries.
Nerf bastion :)
Why dose even ubi want annoying Chinese people screaming in to their mics like they are some sort of felute
They better not touch cav my main
I think Operation Wind Bastion will drop on December 6. It will be on TTS on November 19th or 22nd.(i guess)
I'll be Wind Bastion\n\nNERF BASTION
I am with you 100% on the gore option. I was about to mention it and then you said it.
Screw china they can get their butt hurt self out of the game then I do not like the censorship they are doing
Fuck china
Does this mean Ying and Lesion will have God Mode enabled? I would imagine killing a Chinese Operative is considered \"a threat to the Chinese nation\"
I'll go bastion,nerf bastion
THE BLOOD SPLATTER WHEN OP IS SHOT DOES NOT GET REMOVED. ONLY THE BLOOD ON TEXTURES
Chinese Communist Party controls everything in China and now wants to control more
I dont see the join button
Niiiice.
Zen so does this mean that they might take away alpha packs because that can be used as a way of “gambling “?
rip halloween outfits!
Fuck You Ubishit, Ubisoft should also suck Chinese president cock to get some more money. Fucking cock suckers.\nI DONT WANT TO PLAY THIS GAME BY CHINESE RULES
The Censorship sucks. The button idea would be good
So the with the censorship with siege, all I'm hearing is that Ubisoft is too lazy to make a version suitable for the PRC so they're censoring the game for everyone to meet China's needs
ok this is not good siege was revived by jesus christ and china is putting back in the game of shame room
When your comments are pay to win
The fuck is China, can't do shit.
Who the fuck uses Caveira with a bulletproof camera?
im already tracer
Nice Blackbeard click bait, you know I gotta dislike man
That Ela At 6:41??
You know I think a cool feature would be if a teammate dies on attacking side and u can find there drones u should be able to make it yours
The focking Chinese people need to go play fortnite or someting. \nREEEEEEEEEEEE ??
Asian terriotory - WRONG\nOnly china - YES
Fucking weebs
Hey when is operation bastion coming out
China is gay.
I hate china
So they will also remove/remake many skins since they have skulls or something similar
Region lock Chinese server in Siege and I'm cool with the censorships. Screw their \"laws\", this is how the real world looks like. Drugs, blood, skulls and murder are all present in reality and this is a game of \"realism\". How do you expect a drug lab or drug den, like theme park, be considered as one if it doesnt have drugs? Bad move ubisoft.
I don't want the censorship, they can fuck off and get another game doesn't care nor bother, I don't like details I used to enjoy changed due to some stupid policies on specific nutjob country.
Before they start trying to get this game to China they need to fix the hit detection and severs and take rank out of beta this game is slowly dieing and get worse each update
Ubi, you're playing with fire. Siege is one of the greatest games in the modern era. You fuck it up, you'll be down where CoD is.
The city in morocco what are you see in operation wind bastion is warzazat but the defender he have a clhothes of the commander who protect the king in our country
I am from morocco
I am moroccon ask me zen i am profesionnel
So my fist are so strong in rainbow six siege that they can kill people in one hit.
So ubi want more chinese cheaters?
Operation nerf bastion
3:53 no more bandit
The game is PG18 ffs why are they removing all that stuff for Chinese people?!?! How about they remove guns so that Chinese people can play the game
Wtf, Chinese players are already ruining the game in SEA region. What do they mean of getting siege in Chinese market when many of their players are hacking their way to SEA servers?
How about the Jäger Halloween skin? Are they gonna change it like the rook skin?
Yeah I've been neglecting Ella, that's because I don't have her
Wtf why Morocco?\nIt's \nIrreverent lol,just had to add something from fucked up middle East huh
So we get more players with high pings?
The only thing I care about is the blood so that I can know for sure that I damaged them
Nerf bastion
I think there should be an option to turn it on and off it’s very reasonable
these shit is forcing me to become a racist!
I fucked up and used fuse with an acog today. I couldn't see
So ok if they are removing any kind of gambling cosmetic, what will happen to the alpha packs ? I mean those are one kind of gambling are they gonna remove them or change them or just let the actual gambling of the game stay?
About the China shit shouldn't they remove the pills in the toilet in coastline??
Why not just region lock china and give those chinese from china a seperate server ?
I love painting walls with my enemy's blood ??
wont compromise the core of the game???? the core has already been compromised by bugs lmao the elephant in the room.
Ubisoft want money , so they fuck the game Just for China ......
0:43 ooof
Lol go blame Ubi for their greed and laziness, not Chinese R6 players.  We can buy and play this game even though it is not officially launched in China.
I’m already Bastion
Removing slot machine changes the core regarding drone placement. Removing blood changes the core since it removes positive feedback. CHANGING OPERATOR ICONS CUZ IT HAS A SKULL IS MOST UPSETTING. Blackbeard, twitch, SMOKE! Cav!!!  That is over the line.
I definitely agree with the option to have it censored or not like what CoD has. If the devs want to have one version of the game, then this is how to do it without angering the western market who dont want to be limited by China's strict laws.
What about bandits operator video
Sorry but showing a location that would have slots and all this images to not have them would make it feel empty and alpha packs promote gambling what's gonna happen to them
I think its bs. Ubisoft is recking the experience for millions of plays just to publish there game in another region. Just imagine the game with no blood, visual item you have paid money for being removed eg clefadore bundle for cav. It is so easy just to make another copy of the game with different visual aspects. Come on ubisoft
Imo they should just create Chinese based maps for the Chinese and only Chinese servers can play on them if you know what I mean.
Oh look, a slot machine...it's gonna make me a gambler.....oh look, a strip club sign.....see where I'm going?
Honestly I couldn’t care less about the censorship. Sure I would have like it if they gave China their own copy of the game but they didn’t... so whatever.. people are taking this thing out of proportion. The game is exactly the same just a couple things are changed/removed.
Don’t let China dictate the way the game is created and viewed . It’s only one country plus they are Communist so who cares what they want !
What, are they gonna make the sound even shitttier then it already is omgalul.
The video game in china make the blood spread green so it doesn't appear like blood i hope ubisoft wont do this
So siege is becoming overwatch
Congrats for 100000 subscribers
Against censorship plz
I am only upset about the blood splatters on the paintings as I thaught the story behind it was that some rich people were killed in there (one maybe taken hostage) as a tactical position to let off there bio weapon or bomb
Nice Vid!
Blood spatter is unique? Nani?
Next dlc black bearded shield 3 hp
There will be a different build for the China. Please inform yourself before talking
I don’t appreciate the censorship at all honestly ??
Dam China. Why do you have to go fuck up the game for us even more?
Do you forget that China has a huge cheating problem? PUBG is dying because of this. And R6S is \"already censored\" because the developer chose to. Not because a government is telling them there can't be dismemberment. Having an on or off switch doesn't fix the issue. The issue isn't with the people of China when it comes to censorship. It's with the government. They do not give their people a choice.\n\n\nThey SHOULD work on 2 different builds like every other developer that gives a shit does. Even if China is region locked, don't be surprised if this game ultimately dies on PC thanks to the cheaters. Chimera will look tame in comparison.
Rainbow 6 siege battle royal Ali A intro
Its called wind bastion because its in the mountains a believe
This game is gonna be a PG 12 :(
Can't ubsoft just make a Chinese version of this game
I don’t care about the censorship details. If it helps grow the game then I’m fine with it! Like the censorship literally has no effect on the gameplay, and at the end of the day that’s all that matters. People just want a reason to bitch. that’s a huge part of the toxicity of the siege community.
how dare they remove the strip sign
They already said that they will have to have 2 aesthetic build why not just make it China - elsewhere keeping the stuff in the western side untouched, the more different the better as I can see the upcoming wave of asian hackers already and if they would be taken to court who's side do you think a Chinese court will take o___o
Bro I wish I could be a sponsor I just do t have the money so I will do what I can and just watch and drop a like. Also Ubicunt should just create a separate version of the game for China. They shouldn’t ruin aspects of the game for people that have been playing for almost 4 years now. That’s just my thought. Keep it up man ????
I dont want to play with Chinese kids, nothing against chinese but i know for a fact they sell all kinds of mods and things to improve gameplay beyond skill, completely legally. No thanks, give them their own version if you want their money.
stupid. just coppy the full game for china. remove blood and done. WTF the gone change ore game for that china bullshit rules. fucking poesy,s
Make a seperate version.
Guess they gotta remove Bandit now
skulls on gun skins did you tink about that what if the remove your skinn skulls its fucking BS better the just ban the game in china stupid BS
stupid changes hahaha 18+ game stupid china cry about blood hahaha XD like the have no blood on there hands from wars stupid hypocrits
nerf bastion
NibBa
Region lock china
How can they remove skulls from the game when they just gave us the Dead Baron headgear for Jager?? Doesn't make sense
Chinese hackers on NA servers will ruin this game just like pubg
NERF BASTION
What about the paraphernalia on the maps and the electric sign on favela?
Rip blood splatter, slot machines and the neon stripper :/ .............. with all the money that they won Ubisoft could make another version for the asian market so far but no they don't give a shit about their game anymore
Nerf bastion
Censor sexual themes? What about Ela’s fine ass?
I'm wondering if the female attacker will almost be like Echo, but she will have some kind of wind that blows?  \nAs far as the censorship I think its B.S they are going to let China dictate what we see, but at the same time R6 games never had the blood and such like they do now. You hit some one they would limp around, when you killed them there was a puddle of blood then it would disappear. U could turn dead bodies on or off
Rip seas server is going to fill out with Chinese cheater and raging toxic teammates
who tf wants china to play r6, theres gonna be fucking hackers every game
I'm calling a maverick counter there's no way they're gonna let him terrorize siege too long (PSA WHO CARES ABOUT THE CENSORSHIP IT IS NOT A HUGE CHANGE ITS NOTHING)
I hate this cencorships, like alot of aspects I like willbe removed. Specially like skulls, machines and drugs. Like Im sad for ths
So china f**ked seige
Ubisoft just being lazy, fifa and 2k have even a unique game for the Chinese market. They’ll have to change the blood to blue or green color like tencent did to mobile pubg, and keep it real for the rest of the world, there’s no way to keep only one global version of the game. And don’t assume that Chinese players can’t play this game if they don’t lunch it in China officially, that’s not true, it’s not about benefit the players in China (maybe less ping, but that’s all) only about earn some RMB.
I dont care its \"just visuals\". Its reason behind this change im not gonna support ubisoft anymore, im pissed i bought seasson pass but no more. Atleast they loose players lots of people will be switching to ready or not if it delivers and then people like me leaving because of this situation.
Does this mean Bandito Dorito gonna have to get censored??
.I HATE THIS CHANGE
Time for the Chinese hackers to come
Here are the things I think will happen if Ubisoft decided to do this:\n\n\npros:\nMore people can play siege\nWe can have a more diverse of players\n\n\ncons:\nWe might have more cheaters (I am saying this because most of pubg's bans for cheating were from China)\nChinese people can be toxic sometimes (I got tk'd for barricading a door)\nThere might be a language problem\n(just saying it from Hong Kong so I'm not trying to be racist)
Next thing you know they will be splattering out Milk
Personally, I am concerned to this new market's players. I mean, not calling them that, but in a market so big as China and so talented, I don't know if Siege will be able to fix new hacking problems. It took them a while to fix here (and you can still easily encounter more of them now), and I can only imagine from there.
You gotta understand, all of the questions you asked can be answered by Ubi is lazy and doesn't want to put in more work than is needed.
I can't wait for more hackers smh....
I hated so much know its garbage
Chinese faggots!\nso first of all I agree that we will need gore switch and I don't want to say that it's bad that siege is  for worldwide market I just hate cencership
????
Bringing Chinese people to the game will only bring more hackers, just make a Chinese version for these little babies
Uuuubbbbbbiiiiiisssssssssoooooooffffftttt
Video has nothing to do with black beard
Every time I see Zen put my boi Blackbeard in the thumbnail and the words \"changes\" in Siege, my heart sinks. I get he is strong, but he is a Niche operator
Boys I got Kanal in rank? Is this a new map in rank or was it a glitch.
No one talked about blood splatter but you thats a big issue imo
Rip Maestros cigar
That censorship is fuckin retarded.
This censorship is just stupid. Just change it only for china but noo everyone has to suffer!!
PEGI 3
U guy's watch SpongeBob remember when Mr Krabs was going to dig up in grave and he said \"am I really going to defile this grave for money\" \" of course I am\"
Nah man fuck that shit
Now we're forced even more to share this game with shouting ass little kids ??
Rain and wind can be used to counter spawnpeeking.
I think its stupid dont take the things from the original that we know and love if china doesn't like it o well then dont by it
Why don't they do the same thing as WOW
What pubg has taught me about Chinese gamers: Hax
They ruining itttttt ??
China is almost as soft as libtards in 2018 like damn
I’ll stop playing if they change the maps
Drugs ? So Bandit won't be able to say DRUGS anymore ? :(
Well zen the censorship with literally fuck up seige if they really add the censorship seige wouldn’t be as fun as it is now ??????????????
Why cant they just make it so they makethis only on china
CHING CHONG REGION BLOCK
The game is 18+ they are turning to a kid game China has enough population to have different version\nThey shouldn't do this to the game
So bandit Jager and doc are gonna get removed since bandits drug background and Jager doing crack on coastline and doc's herion pistol
i like operation nerf bastion
Iam outright scared that hacking will increase in siege (pubg is an example)
Why can i only watch vids on 720p now? I used to be able to watch it on 1080 but it doesnt give me that option
Zen, they're not censoring blood in the game. They're only removing the blood on the walls etc that are there when you start the match. You usually tend to be very careful about the information that you spread but this is just pure misinformation, please read the article again and correct this
Good job ubi just thinking of the money not of the Community really f*** china
Censorship...\nWell then fuck China
For me it doesn't matter. If the skulls  dissapear or the drugs but what i'm worried about are the chinese hackers that propably will come
If they are going to remove or super reduce blood splatter, then I want hit markers. Something to still let me know I landed some shots into someone.
Lol you asking too much from the ubi devs....i dont think they think that much.
Makes sense, censorship on a game literally about terrorist attacks
China is one of the MOST hypocritical country right now.They Fuck video games over but never once look at their illegal actions like “massacring dozens of people and not giving a fuck”.UBISHIT is now officially sucking China’s yellow fucking dick because “fuck you give me moneh”
It would be nice to get a brother duo in future DLC.
I came after seeing blackbeard on the image in hopes of a buff
what about theme park?
Valve doesnt give a shit about csgo or community.  \n\nUbisoft: hold my beer
Swich we need to siege
Ubisoft: Let's remove those gambling slots in those map so that we can get our game to China and gambling is bad.\nUbisoft: But first, add alpha packs to the game so that they can gamble with real money.
They changing icons in already broken game. #selliutubi
Yes Zen there should be a switch to turn gore on/off. Else it would be just like fortnite after the update. \"KiD\" mode. ??
Ubishit like fucking up there game siege going to shit with ubisoft in charge
i am from China and I dont like these changes in r6 either, not only because of the policy is kind of ruin the game but also some dlck head cheater players in my country, i believe that many well behaved Chinese r6 players have the same thoughts and they dont want (include me for sure)rainbow six will be too popular in China like what happened to pubg. Besides, these changes were not encouraged by us either, i myself is very disappointed to these changes. so please calm  down and dont blame a whole country because some of its individuals' problems(the population is too big that all kinds people exist). Believe me, that on Chinese social media, we have seen tons of video about anti cheaters in China, our people  are actually trying even though few just fvcking themselves out there and thinking they are smart. so please give peopel who are trying to change a chance pls.
Fuck China and there bullshit just add a feature that you can turn Gore on and off like it can’t be that had can it like zen said that black ops 4 already has that feature rip painting the walls in siege and watch out for cat face pant on cav
Wat about bandit and his trailer?
i would like it to be toggleable but not in the asian version so that we could all have our choice
There's only one thing free people hate more than anything else... and that's censorship.
Bro thank you I come to this channel and I Watch it an it is so so great thank you for every thing my man
your opinions are always so accurate
with the new icons we might as well change all the bullets to rubber bullets
Rip bandit meme
It would be nice if ubisoft made a vegas themed map to reference the old games but given the current situation, it's unlikely. Also I call bs, after playing siege in asia, literally 90-95% of the people who are talking on the mic are chinese, not entirely sure if they're from the mainland or not, but they're chinese nonetheless. As an american who's currently residing in asia, it would be nice if ubisoft added a language check box so you can be teamed up with people who speak the same language, I'm so tired of having a chinese person bark orders that I can't really understand that I end up having to mute the guy, or if ubisoft is making a chinese version, just set a region lock on china.
I really hope that they don't change cav in anyway shape or form. Just because she has a skull on her face doesn't mean she gets rid of it. I main can and I hope she stays the same.
Censorship is retarded, like why?! Who cares about China! Not me... (I'm insensitive)
People are forgetting its an rated m game
Hmmm what about clash? ;)
In Rainbow Six Vegas 2 there's a Casino Map.... But I dont think that map will come to this game :( :( .. Bye bYe Casinoooooo..... Oh and about that Switch option for Gore , Zen said that its illegal to play Gore in China, and if there's a Switch option some Chinese may Turn On the Gore and Violate the Rules xD.....
Oh! Oh! Like as a weather aesthetic with rain on Hereford base hinted at in the teaser pic of grim sky, what if it's sandstorms in morroco with \"wind\" in the teaser pic?
Rip ela or zofia because of the china one child policy
China I just want to let you guys know that we respect your laws and your nation, and I am glad that are making this change happen. Keep being great??
When is the update with the new map and the new operaters
screw china, all this means to me is pc is gonna have a hacking issue again since thats half of Chinese gamers
Zen,\nWe can’t have a switch because Ubisoft is combining two builds into one, so no matter what Ubisoft is going to have to abide by Chinese legal rule.
Do you play with subs?
Why tf dont we remove lesion and ying cause its violence against chinese people huh? Where does the censorship stop. You give them an inch and they'll take a leap.
What if the new defender was able to place a reinforcement that cannot be broken by anything, not even maverick....
You obviously don't know how frag grenades work... the explosion of the frag grenade is not what kills you or harshly damages you; it's literally in the name: frag is short for fragmentation, the shrapnel ripping into your flesh at high speed and force is what damages you and possibly kills you, so limbs are almost never going to be blown off from a frag grenade. Now if you were to be holding one in your hand and it goes off you will probably lose a lot of your hand and potentially wrist, but not your entire arm
Ubisoft: Lets start a censorship\nClash: No running in the halls ya fuckin wanka
So do bandit operator video gonna be censored or beeped every time he says Drugs?\nEdit:What about Theme Park Drug Lab? Are they gonna remove the whole section entirely?
Censorship is never the answer oh and btw more chineese moar hackur
I have aids
Were them hop rocks
The censorship issue is a matter of principle
I hate china
Fuck this
Wind bastion and a defense operator like a mountain im calling it rn defense operator that throws barricade like objects to fill holes
They shoud make a Chinese Version.... i dont have any Advantage of the changes. Just they earn Money.
Not self promoting .. but can y’all check out my latest vid
Also you change the rating of the game to 12+ cause there is no meaning in having 18+ with these changes.
Operation Nerf Bastion as my friends and I call it
kick china
with that reasoning bandit should not be playable in china
The switch between censoring or non censorship is pretty dope
No gambling, so alpha packs are gone?
So I’m a little bit confused since In bandit operator video he says something like I dealt drugs. So will Ubisoft change his video??
The blood splatter is only something that are already on the map. External blood splatters will still be in the game
Screw China they can suck it don’t sell to them
I don't get the censorship, I am always match with people from China
Ubi please just make a second f***ing version
China sucks balls, they are going to ruin the entire game because of how stupid China is. The game is about Terrorism and stuff like that that’s what make the game fun.
Tachanka is getting deleted soon because the Chinese Enlightened One says Lord Tachanka looks too scary.
Not trying to be racist but chinas annoying for messing up my game b
what if ive already been subbed for 2 years?
Censorship is fucking gay that’s some straight pussy shit
I personally think it's stupid they invest all the time to make content just to completely remove it from being used a couple seasons later...why not leave it in so that there is more options?
Okay so no core changes right? Hmmm let’s think Cavairas head gears are literally all skulls so what your gonna take away her face paint or turn her into a completely different op? What about all skull related headgear? Jager had a skull head gear released last week. What about the entire bones head gear set for the fbi swat will I get refunded the money I spent on those? I payed for docs bleeding skull headgear with r6 credits do I get those back? Bandit is a drug dealer so we are just gonna scrap him too? What about drug lab on theme park or casino room on watch or the weed room on favelas? This is an m rated game it shouldn’t have to lose the stuff that’s been in it since day one just because a different government wants it that way honestly I love siege and play it every day but I’m have to start playing a lot more red dead redemption if they wanna go through and scrap half of the games content because they wanna make money from China. Why not  start a separate development team that’s soul purpose is to maintain a Chinese version of rainbow six seige with the the money you’ll be making by opening up to be Chinese market instead of trying to censor everyone’s game to meet one country’s guidelines.
6:41 that dude jumped ??
thoughts on chinese hackers?
man like I just dont think censorship is ever ok, it always leads to more censorship and I dont think we should be ok with that
I am a asian r6s player and i always have chinese gamers in my team they do not understand English and if i say y u dont learn English they say shit in chinese.The huge amount of smurfs and hackers or boosted player r chinese. I don't think for only one shitty community of people who dont even try to learn English. #Rainbowshouldnotchange #chineseareshit
Instead of gore on or off what about China on or Off.
Nah China can to just stick to their anime
If we get no blood, we get hitmarkers atleast
Operation nerf bastion
The thing is that it is already in China they just are combining to two parts.into one thing to make stuff go faster
The gore censorship is kinda sad seeing as this game is all about Realizem and being tactical but I feel that if this makes copy's in China or where ever it's going I know it's furthering the game for all of us so Im sad to see it go but it helps us in the long run
Can they not make a no gore version? Like some versions of cs:go make it so when you kill someone they kneel down and surrender instead of flopping over and dying. This whole censorship BS is actually so shitty like the word nickel and negro (black in Spanish) is bannable.
if wind is a thing I think its going to be more of a dust storm where if spawn peakers ran out they would be marked per normal but attackers would be hidden due to the storm cept for glaz he can see though it.
Jesus fucking Christ they should just make a difference version
Censorship is stupid I don't want a pg 13 game \nI can play Mario kart for that
I want to join :(
there is nothing called join
So violence against China isn't allowed, does this mean that the Chinese operators can't be killed?
In China, we use green instead of red to represent blood, which makes teenagers believe that blood is green, some of them even hurt themselves to see if blood is really red. This is totally bullshit though, but I kinda understand the reason behind that. China is huge, and in order to manage billions of popularity, we have to sacrifice. So do not blame on China's government, blame Ubisoft instead, since they could have chose to make a franchised version of R6, but they did not choose to for some obvious reason.
scopes gets foggy
Booo censorship
I think they should add a switch to toggle censor on off
China is a cancer to video games.
The only reason I say this is because nobody appears to have really thought about it. If blood is removed from the game, how will you know if you hit someone or not? Hitmarkers would take away the unique aspects of Rainbow Six
I think it’s all bs they should keep it the same or maybe even have more
7:28 is the best option
When does this wind bastion season come out?
whats the point of club house now??
I was actually so angry so i made a subreddit
Now we gonna start getting people with 500 ping and yell china number one all game lol
A direct impact\nthrows impact grenade in gameplay\nYou say day of the dead\nkills a Mexican operator
When is the new season? On what day?
We need trump for this make r6s great again
They should just make a whole new game for china and dont ruin the game for other people rainbow is possibly gonna be doodoo
I think they need to make another game or even a switch that is for turning this stuff on/off and not ruining a visual for all players due to one countries beliefs..
I think is shit.
that’s shit
Zen I played you today and you got carried
Hard to enjoy this when the goddamn communists are taking over this fucking game!
Vote kick China
So what’s Cav gonna look like? What’s Theme parks Drug lab room gonna turn into? These changes really are gonna mess things up I swear. Fuck China. Also get ready for a flood of hackers
China #1!
Lol r6s already had a hacking problem. Good luck everyone.
Ubi- wants to remove skulls from the game\nAdds skulls for Halloween
fak china, they will destroy all the game by hacking etc
Releasing Dead Baron Jäger.\nRemoving any Skeleton or Skull.\nRemoving any Skeleton or Skull?
Why are the r6 servers on Xbox down?
This censorship means R.I.P theme park
I’m sorry bud but I’m poor, have no job and 16i love you and sauce but I can’t join??????
Instead of fixing the game or trying to get a better community rules they made fixes to the blood
They announced recently that ubi IS partnering with tencent
I don't mind about this cosmetic stuff but can we add the colorblind settings plz
Next season is fucking baaaaad
6:42 zophia got hopss
Zen,\n   Do you think that Ela’s scorpion has to much recoil. I play on console and every time I try to use her all that happens is my sight goes to the sky and can’t land any shots. This is the only op I do this with. Does she need a buff
That zen man.
wtf are they gonna do about theme park? just get rid of almost most of the map?
Don't mind the changes in seige.
Government shouldn't be involved that far. imho.
Im gonna delete rainbow is cav gets removed
China is going to make asia region so much more toxic
How can we see how long we have been subscribed to seombeody for?
On theme park what will drug lab be called?
Also I’m pretty sure the wind bastion comes out November 18
I mean if it dosint affect the gameplay then I don’t c why we should give a fuck
I'm just Worried about a big hacker influx.
Btw I love your channel man keep it up
This is gay. I play bo4 and on utube I see a crap load of Asians. And bo4 is worse   When I say worse I mean graphics. More exposed. They’re changing the game that everyone loves so some other countries can play it. Call this for more details 540 613 3903
This sucks man. Taking away of the games flavor bro
What the hell are they going to do the drugs on Coastline
The censorship is fucking stupid fuck china why cant they just create a different version
Nerd bastion
Thnks dude ur channels is good
Omg,zen that’s exactly what I thought when you talked about the call of duty graphic restrictions and I fully agree with you  for Ubisoft to add it. Also what are everyone’s thoughts on the new operators?
They aren't going to remove the weed farm from Favela?
I'm not being racist or anything but when you live in Asia and play on the Asia server it eaither u speak chinese with them or you have 0 comunication. It very annoying when come to rank like all i hear is chinese , i asked so many time just for alittle english like just yes or no but they don't even answer . So what i think is they should have their own server like the PUBG game cause so far i make 0 friend in R6 cause i can't comunicate with them at all. And their own server they can censor anything they want i just want to keep my blood and cool skull
Guys, instead of getting excited about the next season we need to focus on a Siege boycott. Perhaps even a class action lawsuit will be needed in order to stop the censorship issue. We paid for a Mature rated game. We need to show Ubisoft that catering to communist at the cost of ruining everyone else's game experience is unacceptable. If we have to sit Wind Bastion out to save the game I think that's a small price.
My issue with the censorship is that the game is rated M for mature, it has all the rights to put gore or \"environmental blood\" gambling etc etc so i really feel like its just ubi bowing their heads and bending over for the Chinese and or Chinese game porters. The other issue i have with this is that IF they go through with this and the community doesn't get them to stop than this can just be a gateway for them to change shit without really asking. Do you honestly think that if they get away with this that they wont go and do this to other things? all they gotta do is get their foot in the door and then they can do what they please, and yes i know at the end of the day its their game and they have the right to do what they want but it won't matter if nobody likes the game and people are \"boycotting\" it
Doesn't china like anime.....anime=boobs
Opinion on the censorship thing.\nIt's stupid. Chinese players could play fine in the South east asia server and 80% of thetime the people you will play with are chinese .\nSo they want to make a bar not look like one? What about the Drug lab on theme park? What would they do with that? \nThen just make an option for the chinese server to have it censored. They should not add those to the South east asia server.
Could be a castle buff because of the castle thing
I think the people at ubisoft ar stubborn and if people disagree with their changes they wont even take ideas from the community, im speaking mostly about adding the option to toggle violence/blood, It's the same with the vote to kick when team damage is done. It's like if they don't think of it themselves they won't add it.
Rip siege.
fuck china
If you put seasons teaser in the thumbnail you’ll get more views \nGreat vid btw
Operation dustline 2.0
GOD DAMMIT EVERY VIDEO I ASK THE SAME QUESTION WITH NO REPLY.\n\nWHAT FONT DO YOU USE FOR ON SCREEN TEXT.
Somebody get the U.S.A on the phone, the communists are fucking with our way of life????????????????
6:40 That ragdoll jump though.
This change is dumb blame the aisans
FUCK CHINA. YOU EAT CATS AND DOGS
$5 is a lot for me, I’ll support in other ways
I will join when I get paid I promise ????
I dislike censorship as the reasoning behind it isn't fully justified in my opinion. Let me explain. Ubisoft wants to expand its game to increase its active player base, that's fine and understandable for a developer. The issue with this method is, just because you have more active players doesn't mean we'll have good server support for those players. Siege can already sometimes be buggy. I play US servers and whenever an EU player crosses over because they're buddied up with another US player, it leads to in-game inconsistencies that can cause a problem. Boosting will still be prevalent and probably worse as Asian servers (NO offense) aren't the best to play on from over seas. If Ubisoft has a solution to this then fine. Censoring a game in a country that's heavily against censorship is like \"NO no\". I feel as if they should just have different versions of the game, similar to other games. If they want to increase player count, add cross platform similar to how fortnite did it. I believe this method instead will benefit siege as we'd have faster queue times. Players will be more inclined to tell their friends to pick the game up if they don't already have it as they can play from whatever console they're on. This will fix the Mouse and keyboard epidemic, mouse and keyboard users can now go play against pc players and controller users can play with controller users. This would be a huge positive change to siege and help increase growth. Censoring your main game in its general population for the sake of 1 server is kind of like eh you know? Where would it stop if it started now? Especially with all the things that still need addressing this feature should wait and cross platform should come in my opinion
Really
Subscribing to support the seige community cause these changes are pissing me off a bit but if it means less wait time for a match go for it and like you said zen, I like the gore mode option.
Anyone else see an influx of new players? Every game I play their is at least 1 on each team.
Bye bandit we'll miss you.
Buff Valk
Well it's been a good run but can we get an f in chat for the soon to be death of the best game I have ever played??????
So glad we will be getting more hackers in the game. Stupendous
NERF BASTION
Why the hell are they taking out slot machines and the symbols too. Just saying its a small percentage of the gaming population and don't know why it has to cause its mass effect over the other majority
fucking chinese and their weird ass policy. the server probably will be filled with toxic chinese player
Shooting a half a mag into  someone just to have them turn around and drop you in 5 shots doesn't sound tactical to me
Fucking communist and with this censorship who knows what else will change it just goes to show that ubisoft just wants money
Are severs down?
Would the censorship happen to Singaporean, Malaysian , Japanese and Korean players cause this is honestly a make or break
Screw those stupid commies.
what about the weed farm on favela or the room drug lab and the cocaine on the table in skyscraper what about the bandits intro “i had to sell drugs”. c’mon Ubisoft are we really gonna change these thing that make rainbow unique. the game is amazing how it is plus there already a Chinese version sooo they shouldn’t go out their way to change these things.?????????
My thought? It sucks. If you have played PUBG Chinese Ver. you will find out that they don't have blood there, they replaced it with some blue-greenish liquid.\nYes, of course, things like this will not change the function of what blood taking part in the actual gameplay but that blue-greenish liquid is just awful to look at and makes the game not as realistic as it is not. \nAlso, that might bring another wave of cheater and hacker into the game as well.
Biggest thing I hate about the world right now is censorship. we have games that are fine and doing well but the developers decide to take something out for that just in case scenario. I miss the days of dev's having balls. The idea for having one copy of the game is honestly a good idea in some aspects but the trade off's are way way too bad. Their claim for it is to speed development due to working on one version of the game. But think about it, what is some cosmetic changes between the copies going to do on the code? its all VFX's, that we think... Unless there is something else changing or possible major changes in the future. Honestly this will sound racist but fuck, I'm scared of it opening to the Asian market on the base game, I am a primary OCE player, and remember the issues with Pubg and the asian market, it was rampant with cheaters and honestly R6's anti-cheat is shite. I'm not saying all Asains are cheaters or anything but there is a big cheating market, c'mon even dell caught on and tried to sell to that market. \n\nIn conclusion I think the censorship is stupid due to pandering to small groups to get more money, maybe if they put more quality out people would buy more things. There are too many trade off's for this kind of thing, why pander to a small group while risking the larger group and then say it's not a big deal when in reality its bigger than just cosmetic changes.
More players mean more hackers.
i really don’t like there changing stuff that makes the game unique i mean the game has 45 million player or something like that so idk
Fuck china,fuck ubi being lazy,fuck them for not having a godamn spine
Fact is we have terrorists that blow themselves up
I gotchu you had 666 comments now u got 667
I see what ya did there 0:57 XD
Lol they take out slot machines but add payed loot box haha
The fact that Ubi won't make a mirror of the game for China alone is what is what's wrong.
Nuke China.
true there should be switch
Thought the game was 16+
zen like this if you agree but i thank tachanka should get an Elite
So is bandit’s operator video going to be taken away?
How many more nerfs?? the games dying, just glad the new games are out.
Why does everyone get so offended these days. Little pwussy bois out there\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\nSomebody got offended by this comment for sure
Can they just have a season again where they dont release new stuff? They have not fixed anything and just keep breaking more. I keep getting offline glitched where I can play other games but siege wont connect, the connection issues are unbelievable and there are still hundreds of constant day to day glitches I see... including the current issue with player stats. FIX YOUR GAME UBI
the censorship controversy has only really come around because of the fact that UBISOFT are being lazy greedy bastards and are making it a sole global version instead of having a chinese version that can instead be managed by a chinese team or even a new UBISOFT Asia/China so everyone else can play the game how it is while chinese players (unfortunately) still have to play the censored version (the R6 subreddit had been filled with people complaining and stating they are leaving because UBI is conforming to a literal fascist dictatorship and yes even chinese people have complained and even apologized for what their country has done)
Okay China this is where you draw a line? Skinning and burning dogs alive is okay  but a M-Rated video game is too much to handle because of skulls and blood after shooting someone...just checking.
If it R6 ever gets watered down like you said then I will quit playing.
Well I believe that the blood should stay because if there is a lot of blood and the operator is only at 80 hp this shows that shots are not regestrating\nAnd I agree with zen the blood trails should stay.
Region lock china
Chinese government  bans things that are violent, but would allow a shooter game? The heck?
What about bandits video
Wait if they are getting rid of skulls that means Blackbeard has to get a knew icon
Chinaaaaaaa
I really think Ubisoft is underestimating how much censorship will make people not want to play. Gameplay is top priority, no doubt, but these aesthetics are what make Siege a more immersive experience. I know it’s not really THAT immersive to begin with, but come on, it’s a counter-terrorist game and it deals with gambling, killing, sex and drugs as it should. The skeleton and blood aesthics are going to be censored in a game where the player is made to shoot people. \n\nI hope we get an on or off gore button in the options. After playing Red Dead Redemption 2 for a week straight I truly believe that, for the most part, the best video games are the violent ones. Let’s hope Siege keeps its edge.
Nerf Bastion!!!!
The censoring is awful... And How I'm going to feel about it in the future
The game is 18+....
The map is called Fortress
all censorship is horrible
For me, I don't want the blood become green.
What about cavs face paint its a skull
Nerf bastion
These changes to the game won't keep me from playing but will for sure really make me pissed
As Juggernaut said in Deadpool 2 “You commie motherfucker(s)” why should the rest of the world comply with China’s censorship laws when they’re already getting a different build with no cosmetics
Y is Ubisoft trying to sell their game in China if they already have a Chinese servers
666 comments.\n\n\n\n\nNOT ANYMORE!!!!! XD
This is entirely fucking china's fault, fuck em
Nigga bandit cant be used cuz he all about them drugs
They should make different servers for the U.S and China. I feel as if Ubisoft doesn't listen to there community. How long did it take them to fix there game with the hacking problem. Ubisoft needs to take the time to see how the community feels about the changes and see what compromise they can make to improve our experience. The United States and Europe are there biggest buyers right now and it affects us most. Ubisoft listen to the community and fix the problems.
It's like censoring a 18+movie to a 6yd
I think that taking the skulls and blood out of the game would in the long run hurt the game more than help it. Personally I think this is the worst thing uni has ever done to this game
If they're taking out slot machine in all version because of the \"Gambling\" policy in china, does that mean it's going to effect Alpha Packs too?
I don't understand the attempt to make the game comply with Chinese law. It's literally a shooter where you kill other humans.\n\nChina is okay with killing other humans with firearms and other weapons, but not okay with blood, skulls, sex, and gambling?\n\nMore logically we should just say fuck you to China and their stupid distorted perspective of the world.
Well I have Ben watching you for half a year ??yay
Zen I got a question and I really hope you can help , because so far ubisoft have not helped at all (Not replying on there there website to the forums) . In February  2018 ubisoft announced that South Africa will be getting severs so that we don't have to play with a ping of 170+ on EU severs.\nhttps://youtu.be/-Zsn6tP_TLg     37:40 min in.    \nDo you have any idea if this is still going to happen? Seems like it have just been forgotten and all the south african siege players hopes of playing with a ping less than 170 is slowly dying. Really love you videos!!! and I hope you have any answer to what we can do to get a reply out of ubisoft. And thanks a lot for all your fantastic videos!!!
Sorry i just watched
I saw updates and my first thought was acog jagar
So they gonna remove bandit, theme park, and cav?
you do realize the more content creators of rainbow trust in these dumb censorship’s the more Ubisoft will enforce them. they got away with the “hate words” in chat, and it looks like they are getting away with this too, and let’s not forget these censorship’s get them more money. this ends now. even though it seems little right now, action will be taken slowly but surely to make it watered down for the next generation that plays rainbow.
Asians..... Nothing else to really say and thats coming from an Asian... sigh.......
Operation censorship
N E R F B A S T I O N
I think the Moroccan season will be released on December 4th or 5th
How do u join
So, what's the big deal with cencering r6, why are people upset about it?
who throws nades outside
Fucking Chinese
We realize siege is literally killing terrorists rite?
Nerf Bastion
Simply do what blizzard does, let China have there kiddy corner respect for the dead servers, and we can have the big boy servers that are unchanged. There is NO reason to make us suffer the same censorship! Unnecessary.
What if there is a sandstorm? Ubisoft experimenting with scenery events in a way...
NERF BASTION (get it)
80% Ubi is working with Tencent to brings R6S to China, 70% on Tencent's Wegame platform(just like Steam), if you stop fighting against censorship you will end up having blood turns black or green like CSGO CN or other crazy stuff. We Chinese players are facked but you guys still have chance.  \nBest solution is to make two versions of the game like other games do, Wegame version gets censored but rest of the world won't(anyone who bought the game on Steam or Uplay including Chinese players )
\"Bringing a game to a new region is only a good thing\" clearly you have never had to play literally next to them.
region lock plz. i don't want to play censored r6
Making any changes to please the Chinese government is shameful, we shouldn’t have to be governed by those laws by proxy...
I glue a claymore onto my drone and chase defenders with it
im with you zen they need to  make a gore switch to turn it off or on
Damn communist china
It’s esthetics. As long as it doesn’t affect gameplay I don’t care
Here's a different take, the China controversy is in an attempt to get a T-Rating to appeal to parents of  teens and children. The Chinese part just makes a good scapegoat. There's no reason for us to share the same game build with them. Community wise we wouldnt have any contact with them, they don't even have youtube. If there's no interaction with them why do it? Pro leagues perhaps? Im doubtful.
Man are u serious, China what's wrong with u?
Man fuck china
Its understandable that for the Chinese Market, the game would be altered accordingly. Nothing wrong there, but why is the rest of the world being cucked ,even if they don't live in China?\n\nI mean Germany for example has strict laws in regards to nazi symbols within video games, since games are not aknowledged as art and therefore aren't allowed to show or reference that sort of stuff unlike movies and books. Yet you don't see the sort of censorship in a game like Wolfenstein outside of Germany.\n\nI think this is simply wrong from Ubisoft to not bother having multiple versions around and screw over everyone that doesn't live in China. A setting option to choose if you want gore or not on would be perfect. Have it by default be OFF on the chinese version and boom, done.
Get ready for Chinese hackers they cant even dile with usa hackers right now
dont read the comments lmao
I just want weekly or bi-weekly updates.
When Blitz elite skin is going to be on or what date
This is a rated M game...right?
we shouldn’t need to suffer from their government but having a switch is a great idea and it keeps us together and happy and that is important
I personally think ubi is selling out. They think bringing this change will make them more money. While i think its true, they will probably lose lots of players from the USA and europe
China always fucks everything up
Hey zen could I get a vid on Xbox keyboard mouse support?
About the slot machines, what kind of gun is that in the before? Maybe a teaser of a new ops gun?
Well that's explains why their language is so complicated!! #justkidding Can't wait for the next season.btw I'm Moroccan!!
Dude that Chinese thing is so wak, WHY!!!!!
Well. . . There go 40% of the Operator Bios, Jaeger's halloween headgear, a handful of charms and weapon skins. . .
I’ve been waiting for this video ????
Actually dota 2 isn't different in china its a global the only thing they change was wraith king
just so you know, blood is literally banned in china, so.. no more blood i guess
5 bucks says as soon as siege hits China it’ll be hacker heaven
Censorship:\" These are huge changes\". Oh cmon... It's a few little design changes, people are acting like these are game changing.
The censorship is so dumb ??
new players are great, But if they take out the blood splatter on shooting operators it just wastes the time and effort to make those details and will ,make it less Real tactical shooter to some dudes playing nerf.
I'm Chinese and I've Been playing for a year and a half and I'm excited for my country to get this game that I love, but I'm not up for the censorship change.
Fuck the changes why don’t they make a separate version for the Chinese with all the changes they want so they don’t fuck us over
China sucks ass
Isn't Blackbeard's icon a skull?
China is Eastern not western but other than that good video
Operation Nerf Bastion
Nerf bastion ?
Littest outro
I LOVE YOU ZEN
The idea of the switch thingy is a great idea actually it will just save some of the hassle,maybe just make china version auto gore off and us auto on
6:41
FUCK YOU CHINA THEY ARE SO FUCKING SPECIAL
Cavieras name is fine bc it doesn’t directly translate to skull, the first 3 and last 3 letters are the same as the actual word, but not the i and e
Bloody commies
I don’t have a problem really with the blood, sex etc changes but why the fuck have a game where its about killing and more. Its just went from 18+ to 7+...
I think there might be problems with the “switch” Chinese people might turn it on and get arrested or fined
I think zen has a very under appreciated sexy voice
Year 2 ops too expensive
Says makes an impact while throwing an impact grenade. Lol
Gambling? What about alpha packs? That’s gambling, so the Chinese will just get that stuff for free? Or what? WHAT?
I think that the censorship is really really stupid
I hate these changes because why should one country change a whole world game
I heard this myth that game developers used to care about what their community wanted. Not just to make money?? Thoughts?? ????
Can't wait for more hackers
No Ubisoft. Don't make the game better for Chinese people. YOU KNOW HOW MANY YING/LESION MAINS THEY WILL HAVE? Alexa, what's the population of China?
Great video
How dare you Ubisoft! My Favorite Stripper is being censored! I hate Club House now.
@7:55 to answer your question its gubisoft they take the cheap way out every chance possible. #operationhealth
I playing this game since the beta and bought it on the release date and still play it , if the blood marker from fire shots are gone I’m gone , & fuck China btw
siege itself is a violent game i dont get china
Ubisoft needs help
TAIWAN NUMBA WAN
Why not just add a censor option for different regions
the problem is china will bring a lot more hackers then we already have, so it will be Operation get hacked
well bandits getting removed if there removing stuff that promotes drugs
cough cough Chinese Hackers cough cough
I feel like the map is gonna be like border, but just a security checkpoint
when i heard wind i thought of OP smonk
pc users about to get sent to the shadow realm once China hops in. hope you had fun
Yeh special club challenges too bad their down rn
So China can only play Tetris?
Wish there would be a Vegas style map... BUT NO THE GAME HAS TO GO TO CHINA FUCK CHINA
@ubitsoft needs to watch this  video we need an on off switch rainbow will not be the same without all of the graphics and display items
I love this!!
NERF BASTION!!!!
So happy dude I’ve been mailing ela and this is amazing
No, it's not good bringing it to Chinese markets, we don't need more hackers like PUBG had from China, moreover most of then don't even or can't speak English. It hurts the community, especially in ranks.
your thumbnails make no sense. i dont get how theyre so attracrive, but so plain.
Make a gore option and make it so that zig you live in China, you can’t choose YES for gore, it is always locked on NO
Am I able to opt out of the poppy charm?
What about the drugs on theme park with the Chinese things????
This is so sick I am just so upset about the censorship but I will survive
0:57 did you intend that Zen
The new season could be released on 20th~ December or January
Censorship? Fuck that shit
I'm thinking a sand storm will hit the building so you cant here noise
I have dealt with pretty bs stuff in rainbow including what is about to happen such as the censored things that are about to happen. This bothers me. But if they make 1 operator less thicc im out and will quit r6.
What about drug lab???
What about bastion?\n\n\n\n\nnerF BAStiOn
Yay operation china cheats
He said impact game play as he impacts a hatch?? 0:58
When it will reach China there will be way way more hackers with probably hacks that can break the game more.
Teams will be called Police and criminals in abit, honestly wouldn’t be surprised
Promotes violence? Boi its a game built around killing people??
I absolutely hate the censorship thats coming and think ubisoft is actually retarded for doing this
3:50  RIP BANDIT
If they changing shit they should have 6v6 instead of 5v5
December 4th. But I think I got that from you.
Censoring one or multiple aspecta of a game for the whole because a small minority of people will be offended or it breaks a law is just so ridiculous. It's cheaper yes but it creates a divide in the fan base. The small minority should be able to have a voice of course. And that's why their should either be different versions of a game or an option to change or get rid of offensive material. This is WW2 all over again
Its so annoying that they are taking out the blood!!! Idc about anything esle thats the reason i play seige for that and the unique tactical
Why is Ubi so damn lazy like just make a version of the game for China.
Rip bandit. Are they gonna change his voice line too? Is Doc gonna be using band-aids instead of drugs.
You have it wrong. Siege is copying overwatch. Wind bastion or winston and bastion or ill be bastion nerf bastion youre right so winston i wana be winston
The censorship means less demonized siege videos for me ???? so meh
Notting weard that everybody hates chinese thay break everything
nice vid my guy btw this is IPRAISETHEBUUTY get a discord brother
I think me and most of the community are not pissed abt the changes themselves, most likely if they changed it without saying anything we would not even realize, we r pissed that we have to change our experience(as small as the change is) to suit one country... china
That would be dope having wind as a environmental layer , i think one of the gears of war games did that on some maps . Thought it was cool and the way they did it wasnt annoying the wind would happen ever so often
please another, PLEASE, another anti breach
Hey Zen I think that censorship sucks because this is a first person shooter and it has to have bloody characteristics plus this is not a kids game Anubis out
I hope they make a separate version of the game to have in china
strict law on china? so why most of the hacks are originated there?
I am ok with skull replacements, I might be ok with blood removal, but I am NOT ok with asset removal like slot machines. It might even affect gameplay. It means less stuff to cover behind.
If theres more Chinese playing the game means much more hackers happens with every game
I really want them to keep the blood spladder i really like it because after you team kill one of your friends or after a teamate is killed i like to keep shooting them because of the blood
Ubisoft wanting one singular version shows how lazy and greedy they are. They want maximum profits with minimum work, and forcing people who aren't Chinese citizens to adhere to Chinese standards is complete bullshit. Until they make it so that there are 2 builds I won't be playing, and I'm not the only one evidently. Ubisoft shit the bed, they need to make some amends.
I hope they give that option but not full change cus friend can’t play certain games cus of blood and stuff
Blackbeard clickbait
Get ready for FUCKING SHIT TON OF HACKERS WOOOOOOOOOOO
Zen can I play with you one day ?
Chinese player here. Thank you so much Zen for such detailed explanations, I can tell you did a lot of research on this. However, I do want to clarify a few things: \n1. The game is not banned in China and all player can access r6 via uplay or steam. \n2. The global version for siege is currently played by the Chinese players, the Chinese build of the game under Tencent's agency is still in process. 3. Chinese players are against Ubi's action as well, the potential change to Chinese version siege could be huge and may very well affect the core game play of the game; Region lock is also not welcome. So don't be mad about Chinese players on these changes since we quite disagree with them as well.\n4. The only difference that a Chinese version siege will bring is Chinese pro league teams and more exposure rate of the game to the public. Since the streaming of the game is banned as being a part of the government examination over the game.
There was a new teaser, about 4 hours ago
As a british player myself i dont think i should follow the rules of a country im not living in wether they want money or not
Ubisoft has single handedly killed Las Vegas from the Rainbow Six universe and Canon R.I.P. Sin City
Damn i'm polish, i wish i could just get it for free. I don't have either of them.
Why the fuck would they not make a completely different version for China like for example what Csgo did, this just retarded!
Uggghhhhhhh. I’m not going to quit the game because of the changes they’re making, but it doesn’t mean I agree with these changes. It’s pretty stupid that the Chinese government would ban these types of things, especially since the game is already rated M. Now, a solution I can come up with for the Chinese government is another game rating. It could simply be called “uncensored.”
Im pissed. its a shooters game! N they want it pg-13 its rated M for a reason
Is it just me or are there almost more females than males in the game? i dont care there are girls, but its not realistic at all that its almost a 50/50 when in real life is almost a 80/20.\n\nalso, the censorship i think its really stupid, if it is illegal in china, make the china servers run the PC servers and leave the normal servers alone.
it seems like no one is going to use Bandit in China (DRUGS)
#fuckchinalaw
I dont care about the aesthetic changes to R6  as long as Cav keeps her face paint
Lol fuk  chinese  population \nHope We won't have any type of issues-lag with The servers. ... Hope they  Will have their own server cause the chinese gamers that Will buy r6s are gonna be considerably high  ... so i expect that ubi will create servers in that area  or  europeans like me are gonna have over 500ms or so. ...... pls ubi  this season will keep this game alive or killing it forever \n( pls  also buff BB )
NERF BASTION!!!
I'm personally okay with the changes unless they remove the hitmarker like blood splattering. That's when it becomes different for me. But does the censorship mean they'll have to remove all the drugs in some maps? Considering there is a location on theme park called drug lab, who knows what will happen. There is also a room full of weed on Favela. And what about all of Bandit's cocaine across the different maps? Some of this is a little concerning for me
fuck china
i think you're way off with the whole \"wind\" thing
Wait what?? They want to change melee icon from knife to fist IN A GAME ABOUT GUNS??
With the censership will that mean we might not be getting a Chinese orperater because it could be a harmful to China.
As long as it doesn’t effect core gameplay I really don’t give a shit
honestly they should just make the censored version a default setting in china, i like to keep my blood splatters on maps
I feel like siege is selling out the community just a little bit
Thanks for the great vid zen you keep me updated on almost every siege related thing but I kinda want ubi to allow leaning without aiming down sights on console
Thanks for this zen now im hyped for this season
I mean im fine with the changes but the skull thing in club house is pretty bad ass so thats not that nice
They are removing drug lab
#2buildsorriot
3:50 looks like no guns in siege anymore
Nerf Bastion
Please tell me this is fake
Censorship thought\nWell, I follow about the switch option to turn GORE on or not.\nDefault value should be off for everyone, but when it comes to the Chinese republic, they'll be some Chinese guy that will turn the gore on to see how it's like, finding this version offensive and thus, lead to a problem...\n\nMorroco Operation\nThe wind effect would be pretty cool and if it affects the grenade throw, it'll just make the skills et a little higher for nades, since you have to calculate where's the wind blowing, where you want your nades, then compensate for the throw.\nOverall, I can't wait to see (Although not on the TTS sadly)\n\nConclusion\nCosmetic changes : I agree to these changes but I don't need my game to be censored.\nMorocco ops : we had a trailer dropped plus some details about the operators, I'm looking forward to that ??\n\nAm I a sub? I should!
So is siege pg 12 now?
I kinda dont like the censorship but  the only thing i want to know are the new operators
If China don’t want it then too bad for them??
Crossplay needs to be added
I dont really care, like you said as long as theres still blood splatter from a shot connecting or a trail if you down them it's not a big deal. My only issue is that they are enforcing another countries laws on a global scale and I just cant support that regardless of how much i like the game.
Censorship ok then take clash out
We don't want Chinese players look at PUBG china brings hackers not all of them are but I'd says its a good majority
Nice video
0:45 and 6:40 XD
F the censorship this game is a tactical shooter if China can’t be mature then DEAL WITH IT!!!
Why don't they make it different based on you're place it's so stupid
Great content ????
Fuckin ching chongs
CHINA CAN GO FUCK THEMSELVES AND THEIR STUPID POLICIES, I’m pretty sure Ubisoft is making enough money without selling an extra 1 billion copies of the game that’s 3 almost 4 years old
Not a fan of the censorship. You are fighting terrorists and over all horrible people. It’s not like rainbow just wanted to fight so there you go, there are drug labs, corrupt mafia homes, biker gang club houses. Fuck, even Bandit, an operator, did some fucked up stuff undercover.
As Asian, I am more concerned about hackers. China has a law that kinda supports hacker. They can buy and refund as many time as they can. Hacker abuse this system. \nPerfect example ruined by Chinese hacker is PUBG. That game is filled with Chinese hacker and its literary unplayable in Asia.
Hm. Well thats shitty
man idc about what changes and what does not change as long as it's about sieging, i'm okay with that...but im more interested about the operators armory, gadgets, but most importantly for me, their bios...it tells us more about the operator...
Nice Gator Bait camo I have it too.
FPS games going global has never been a good thing for the oce region ;-;
im done with this game. actually trash
America has left the chat
You da man zen thanks for the info dude. Hopefully the changes coming soon don't snow ball and get worst over time.
They should make a vr siege
It's fine if there's an off and on button  otherwise worst decision every ubi just like clash
I might quit rainbow after the censorship
Think about the operators with skulls for their icons like twitch, blackbeard, cav and maybe ela but this will effect the tactical realism as zen said, and could be potentially a bad choice by ubisoft as that they can lose more players in the regions that play it most. I have no issue with the chinese having their own laws on video games but, should that infulence us aswell? Just make two different versions, they have the line of coding, so just change that and release that in china or where ever the law applies. I dont want to stop playing the game but i will if they completey change the meta, i have spent £100+ on this game and i don't want it to be wasted. But why change it now and not at the very beginning of siege when it was released. Wow that took a long time to write
As a moroccan...HOLY ??UCK THE HYPE IS KILLING ME
Are they going to take out the random card picking, that's kind of like gambling.
I don’t like the censorship change because it will take away the chance of a casino map. It’s also the aesthetics we all know and love. It should be kept
a lot of people is from china in asian servers wtf?
Gambling isn't prohibited in China but what about Alpha Packs because those weren't mentioned
all the skins with skulls
So china kinda fucked up the most things i liked in the maps
all they have to do to keep blood is make it so that on chinese servers, the blood is blue, thats what pubg did
This censorship shit is fucking retarded
Srs China can frick em selves lol. Ubi again add a gore button or something
Have any of you guys that play had a problem with acog for fuze. It's like or getting hit by a flashbang but only were the retical is
Ela is lit my BAE! She is lit the sexiest looking operator! ??????
this game is 18+ so i don't get why censoring stuff is necessary in the first place but besides all of that, i really hope that the bloodspatter on the walls will stay when i shoot a enemy it helps like allot to track people down(like Zen said).
there better be region locks
Ubisoft wants a Chinese pro league team, which explains their censorship.
That impact coordination @ 0:58 tho
In my personal opinion this could leave a bit of a dint in the playerbase. But hey we'll never know till it happens.
In teamfortress 2 there's and optional setting to turn off gore and for the German version (and other countires with strict game laws) it's fixed off. It works quite well and keeps the censors happy even though there's a way round it. I can see this option working for R6S too.
I don't understand the Hereford rework the map was good now it sucks
why even add different weather types
I think they will lose more players instead of making more. Because that were all the highlights in r6 for me and now they want to remove it :(. I mean im still gona play it but its not the game anymore it was before.
“Anything that promotes drug use” RIP Bandit
Screw the Canadians at Ubisoft bending down to China like northern Teddy Bears that they are, we’re all adults why censor things.
bring back maestro hipfire
I think the community should be a lot harder on Ubisoft and push for separate servers. Even if you don't care about these current changes,  worse stuff can only come (like the aforementioned blood splattered removal) and taking the stance now will be our best bet to have this game saved from being further molested. Also in before, \"it's only cosmetic!!!1\" or any dumb arguments like that since you might as well just have the whole game be gray squares and hitboxes with that logic (and you must not like skins, right?). Bottom line is, I don't live in China so why should something I like be changed according to their backwards laws?
Time to remove jeager’s Halloween skin.\nAre they also gonna remove the ash headgear, castle headgear, etc.\nAlso cav’s facepaint and name there is aslo Some other headgear that litteraly gives her a skull mask\n\nI most of the time don’t care About these kind of changed because there is most of the time a filter for it or different servers. But the reason Why they did this ikks what i hate the most, it just feels like a big cash grab at this moment
What going to happen to bandits intro the drug 1
3:56: first skulls, now drugs... sooo.... they gonna change bandit aswell? Fuck this then... i’d rather play gaynite then
This is what fascism is doing to the world, impeding on our freedoms indirectly...
So R6S is about to be all super weenie hut Jr. with the censorship?
Nerf bastion
Fuck China, don’t change it just for those fuckers.
I’ll play wind bastion...\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\nNerf bastion!
I don’t care about the censorship except for the blood since it’s a trademark. But the game is too fun to get angry about the game
They should remove bandit cause you know \"drugs\"
The censoring stuff sucks, this isn't fortnite.
F China. Is my opinion
Since Morocco has a desert, it could be that the map can be sometimes in a sandstorm and make it harder to peek because of the winds
I don't care about wether those changes affect gameplay or not, what I care about is that Ubisoft is clearly being lazy and stingy by applying these changes worldwide instead of making a different client for China. Accepting this is setting a precedent where they can be as lazy and greedy as they want and we can't do anything about it.\n\nAs a AAA company, Ubisoft obviously has the resources and personnel to make a different client, or even a 'toggle gore' option, AND to fix the several issues which having been annoying us for over a year, but they are too cheap to do so and choose to spend their time  thinking up ways on how to make more money with micro-transactions on Siege and all of their other games.
Thanks for the history lesson
Nerf bastion
0.57 'Impact On Game play' While Throwing An impact Grenade In The Game play. WowZa
If I see someone from china in my game they are getting vote kicked.
They also probably wont take away the biggest part of this game\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\nbugs and glitches
How do you know so much?
NERF BASTION
I'm gonna buy both of them I'm gonna have fun and I'm Moroccan by the way
Bruh Chinese play on other freakin servers anyways so y r u trying to adjust the entire game to them
They should have made a separate build for the Chinese. If Hi-Rez (a company that is much smaller than Ubisoft) can do it why can't Ubisoft replicate the same effort. \nAnd second, I'm gonna be spamming \"Ching Chong Ping Ling\" when Chinese hackers eventually hit the game.\nThink I'm gonna call it Operation: Hong Kong 97.
Chinese people Fucking suck
Damn commies are still ruining shit
Operation Censorship
Prepare for incomprehensible teammates and a crap ton of hackers
Zen, dont confuse people... ONLY enviromental blood will be removed and the blood coming out of operators will still stay.
Better change this name rating to M to T
[comment censored in favor of chinese market]
I hope this game dies out so quickly now
can we just talk about, if they are removing skull imagery, what the fuck is going to happen to jagers Halloween skin? are they going to change it and fuck over all the people who bought packs just fr it?
Duuuude i understand that they maybe have to adept to china, but why do we have to \"compensate\" for this? -.-
The changes are dumb and unnecessary. Just do what every other company has done. It’s stupid
Honestly, I don’t care about the aesthetic change. It does not affect me
Honestly Screw China why does siege need to grow that big bigger means more problems
Late to the party as always zen
What are the gonna change the ceifador headgear for cav to if this censorship happens
Yay, here comes the Chinese hackers. Yaaay
If China wants to play it leave it be, because Rainbow is a MA15+ game if you censor all those things, then what’s the point
Yo Zen ur a good youtuber I like ur thoughts about bringing the setting where u can turn it off or on. It gives us the choice that we all want
The switch system would be ideal or having a censored version in an uncensored version still playable on the global servers for PVP. This is a m-rated game that's a military anti-terrorist shooter and people get offended at bloodshed and bad words in chat I think they need to find a new game. If you want ubi to stop fucking with the game that we've all purchased and falling in love with boycott the game email them call them let them know your frustrations and refuse to play the game or promote it until they knock their bullshit off if you're okay with the constant censorship then keep playing the game till it's very cores and values are taken away to conform to the small group of crybabies instead of listening to the majority.
Incoming “R.I.P. seige lol no skulls FUCK China” Comments
Bastion? instantly thinks of Bastion from Overwatch.
Wind and bastion have to do with the operators..wind for attacker..bastion for defender
The aesthetic changes are such a non-issue. A couple of skulls and blood splatters are gone, that means nothing and does nothing to compromise the core image of rainbow. The changes to kill symbols is slightly more annoying but after a short adjustment period she be unnoticed. If these changes were made and people weren't told it is unlikely to have been noticed by the majority of players that are complaining. If Ubisoft want to get their game out to a wider audience they have every right to make these changes, without all of this criticism from people.
Whats with the Slot Machine Charm?
Dude it’s a fucking M rated game it’s not meant for kids
I think that on this map any bullets shot outside have a curb to reduce running outs and spawn peaking
God damn i dont like thes changes. They take away the character and charm from these maps, especially clubhouse
NERF BASTION
I agree that they should add a turn on or off gore button.
Hello again zen!! You probbly don’t remember me from ur last vid but basicly what i said was cud u pleaseeee make a beginners tips vid please cos I sorta nead 1 4 my beginners vid but I’m not a pro so I nead some tips from the best off the BEST so please zen make a vid of a quick 3 minute beginners vid if so or not reply love the videos zen thanks!! !!!
Ur gameplay always looks like you are pretending to be a pro
Awesome video. Only place I come for rainbow six news!!!
China can go fuck off its a damn video game if you don't like it leave
First or second week of December is when they come out
Rip Coastline and Bandit :(
Why should we change bunch of stuff for just one country
On censorship what about all the skull masks and paints
Maybe when you down someone and they crawl away there will be like a white line or something
honestly if they are going to take out the blood and drugs and etc. then you might as well drop the M rating on your game to T because the game will not feel the same after this change.
If there is going to be censorship coming will the age to bye the game go down?
I dont get why they would apease a smaller audience in china. Just keep the cool astetics in siege and dont ruin anything
So when exactly is this new season starting? Does anyone know?
Omg the censorship shit.....im pissed!!
You were 50% there with the Bastion train of thought, its because the new map is set in a Fort atop some mountains.
I just aced
will be in the chinese version also changed bandits lore ? :D  he had to deal drugs so...its against that law , no ? :D
why not just change china servers\n??
I think the new skull looks pretty dope , but the old one could stay. But any other changes should be integrated in China only , or as u said , with a switch to the old one
Fuck China and why remove the stripper light in CLubhouse thats retarded.
Ubisoft is a sell out they won’t even fix their servers or the Fuckin bullet delay fuck siege
I noticed your aim has improved. Thanks for the news!
...anything that promotes drug use\nBandit: smiles
so, if they are gonna remove gambling and etc, alpha packs will be gone?
Zen your update videos are actually so fun to watch you have to be my fav R6 You tuber
We don't want content, we want hit registration code that actually works.
wind is capitalist so they will now change the name for the chinese goverment
I don't agree with the censorship. Although I do not blame China for it. I think that Ubisoft should just keep it the way it is.
RIP any potential casino map :(
I don’t really care about the censorship but i wish they gave cav some other type of warpaint and i don’t really understand the controversy except for maybe the cav skull paint but idk just my thoughts
I cry ??
Leave our game alone Ubisoft
Ubisoft claims they try to combat hackers. Then enables comminism updates inviting the most hackers in the world to the game.
The language thing is actually already in the game
Third hackers season in 3....2......1
Keep playing as a team doesn't actually work, you really need 5 people in your party before starting queuing... I tried it with the Lenovo challenge hadn't worked for me.
NERF BASTION
We'll see. It's incredibly stupid. The lottery machines being ripped out should also lead to no more lootboxes. If you don't want betting culture in your game, you shouldn't have betting at all.
Of course there are some nice challenges...\n\n\n\n\nAs soon as I’m grounded
Rainbow let's buff ash how about Jager umm no he to over powered
are they gonna be removing the drugs on caost
We need blood in rainbow to see where we have hit
Holy shit grim sky went bye so fast
This Asian thing is dum the voice chat will be ruined
God please, global server? With china? This is gonna be so painful, im half chinese, and trust me when I say global server with china is the worst thing that can happen to siege players. Most of chinese people dont speak english, they will just yell \"china number one\"and shit like this, and then yell in chinese and something feom  their poor english arsenal. And the worst part of this all, is that I will understand what they are sayin. \n\nI just hope china will have a asian server and stay away from Europe. Its not like I dislike china, but I dont like it either. Especially their players\n\nAnd lastly, thanks for the updates zen, at least when the storm comes, ill know why.
I think the 4th of December will be when the morrocon season will come out.
Idk if this will happen but i feel like opening this game up to china will bring a ton of hackers. We all know what happened to pubg where every game had at least 1 hacker. If china is going to be introduced they need to be region locked. Please comment what you think about this problem.
\"GAMBLING RELATED CONTENT\" BUT ALPHA PACKS ARE A-OKAY!
Are they going to get rid of the Slot Machine Charm?????
Let's play far cry 5 in China
Whoever made China video game laws are pussys not trying to be racist
“Super tactical experience.” \n\n*joins game in progress, recruit rush taking place.”
cHiNa Is A bUnCh Of PuSsIeS
Yeah more players is always a good thing....except if they're chinese      \n\ndoes anyone remember the PUBG cheating problem?
Are they going to fix the headshot problem
I have no problems just if they take out the blood I will be angry
That censorship is DISGUSTING
You should make an attachments video for all operators console!!:)
The defense opp is going to be a opp like castle
Changeing core eh... YOU MAKING A GODLY GAME \"R6S\" MORE FAMILY FRIENDLY!
U thirsty for that siege boi
6:40 OOF! That Ela!
Been playing since midnight release faithfully and is my favorite game but It has not been the same since Ubisoft Head been up pro league ass and they might not think this update with the blood and some of the visuals is a big deal but it is. Stay true to the game go back to the first season.
#showelasomeloveonconsole\n#buffelaonconsole\n#buffela
Guys let’s vote kick Ubisoft
You cant compare blizzard to ubisoft. ubit uses one platform so they dont have to do dubble the work
Not that many news are there
Does this mean Lion is being removed for being Catholic? ??
Nice video
Make Blackbeard shield have 5HP and remove all the downsides you can have with it and make it so when using you have lower recoil. For Glaze remove smokes and give them to IQ (win rate of IQ will increase and decrease for glaze). For Castle make it so defenders can go through the doors. Lion, remove him from the game. Tachanka, total rework. Clash is fine. Ash is fine. Zofia, remove 1 concussion nade. Buck, make him more consistent. Let Mute counter Maverick. Since Lion is removed from the game, remove Dokkaebi ability of hacking cameras or at least let her have all the cameras less Yokais and Valkrie cameras. Let Jackal be able to track 2 people at once, yes annoying but at least we won't have 2 carbines roaming (Jaeger and Vigil). Hibana is balanced. Blitz should be removed from the game, RNG operator. Let Frost have 1 more traps and remove 1 trap from kapkan and 2 from Lesion but let Lesion have a faster recharge rate. So at end of the round he stops being a clutch master just because of his annoying traps. Ying candelas should have a pattern like fuzes grenade clusters. Buff the CZ and not the SMG-12. By the way, don't care about the censoring as long they don't change game play.
I thinks it’s dumb put a switch on it
well, the building seems to look like a fortress with watch towers so I suspect the defense op is gonna have to do with that as the female op is pointing somewhere and the other male op has binoculars in their had. I believe this because I don't think Ubi featured binoculars in any other leaks, have they?.
WE fcking kill ppl in the game,this censorship shitt stupid
SJW Bugisoft
waiting for an update wheee i can get r6
IF CHINA DONT WANT EXPLICID GAMES LIKE SIEGE WHY THE FUCK WOULD THEY LET UBISOFT HAVE THIS GAME IN CHINA I HOPE IT DOESN'T HAPPEN
Zen i watch u for a little while now (sinds i started playing r6) and i love ur vids and i watch all of em but im not gonna pay to join , but i hope i will still belong in the lzs once.  Ps. i would love to play r6 with you once,  can i add you?
Lol deletes the slot machines but have loot bags in their game that you can pay real money and for the Halloween pack you had to pay money.
Are u playing in Bronze Elo?! You always get retarded enemies and you're always fucking crouch peeking...
Hope the $5 a month helps
Not being funny, but literally no one is going to even acknowledge the censorship changes whilst you’re playing, it’s pathetic and petty that people are getting ‘upset’ get a grip, it’s helps the game grow, and that’s what everyone has been asking for.
STOOOPID CHINA WANTING LESS BLOOD FUCKING TWATS
Thank god its not a blackbeard change
NERFBEARD??
If China comes to this game, there will be a shit ton of hackers #chineesehackers
I think the new season will be on December
#BuffClash
Man fuck China don't change my Bloody fucking game
Ur the best i love this channel \nI am always waiting for u to upload \nWhen new stuff come to R6
Nothing that promotes drug use... guess coastline and bandit are getting removed
What about cavs face paint
December 6th or something around that
Boi said western countries for Asian countries
I don't like this censorship proposal. They said they wouldn't change gameplay, but are taking out 3D assets, thus can offer more sight lines and different spots to place bullet proof cameras. And in the Chinese law, it states that it won't promote cults, but the map Oregon is literally the base for a cultist group.
Ubisoft are only censoring everything so they can make more profit from selling to China.\nThey don't care about any of the community or improving their game.
What about some gun skins with skulls on them?
NERF BASTION
I agree they should have a switch for regions skyscraper just wont feel right without the blood.
Another YUUUUGGGGEEE UPDATE! \n\nRED WAVE  ??
This censorship is idiotic we shouldn’t be led by stupid censors for money. This is morally wrong! They just should make two versions of the game and everyone would be happy
I think they are gonna be trap ops
LOL good luck with all the hackers battleeye
Tbh im fine woth some of these changes and i love seeing r6s grow but its hard to play ranked because sometimes i play with people from different regions and i cant really do good because i cant understand them. I think there should be different servers to better understand each other and play better\n\nP.S- if this sounded racist its not i just want to play with people i can understand well
tnx for the vid
Hello I am a fan who would like to play with u I just recently started on pc
So what is Bandit gonna do without drugs?
Thanks for the awesome update! Noone ever does this job as good as you!
Damn commies
R6 year 3 season 4: operation nerf bastion
we need region lock
No!! nerfs no more blood what's next? No more Cav or capi?
Id want them to do reverse of what they are doing, id like them to add more gore and edge, id like them to do like CoD, so that you can get ur limbs blown off, so obviously, i HATE what they are doing
dammit china
Why can’t the restrictions be based on location or servers
Only 102k subs? Dang i've been watching for some time now and i think i speak for a lot of people. You deserve way more!
My problem is that Ubi has already admitted they are going to need multiple versions of the game anyway, so why bother. Just does not make any sense to me.
I'm hyped so far for this
If they censor the blood that will be sad af
i wanna be winston ??
They have to remove bandit
I love your vids zen honestly my most favourite r6 youtuber keep it up(;
[this comment has been censored by the People's Republic of China]
Yeah but if you look in the comments of VarsityGaming's video there is a comment that is from a Chinese person, yes Chinese, that talks about how their version of siege is the same as ours at the moment but they're changing it for baso no reason.
Ubisoft doesn't want to change core gameplay but by changing caveira and her face paint they change the spookiness of her
0:57 timing
So.. ¿\nNo Skulls=No Mexican Operators? ;(
siege has alpha pack gambling , drugs, and it involves around these things what is ubi going to do replace cav ,bandits op vid , half theme park??
What they going to do with the drugs in theme park change it to glitter??\nEdit: most likes i've ever had
No balls you won't pin this comment
Quality content
NERF BASTION!!!
Nice great informations from you thx Dude ????
Excuse my language but . Fuck China
Can you do a video on when the blitz elite will come out?
\"... Drug use\" well then they will never experience favela and coastline. BTW @zen ubisoft really (im not lying) removes the make up of caveira
They can do whatever they made the game if u don't like it don't play it
Hi zen how are you
Man I literally heard about this an hour ago and you already have a vid up
What about Drug Lab on Theme park, a Chinese map!
I'm hyped about this new map it's gonna be fun
Dude coreross got all this info over to us in less than 6 mins ads are not fun!
FIRST
U made me happier thanks
Nice vid ??
Nerf Bastion?
Keep up the vids fave YouTuber ever love u man ????
360p squad :p
U mean operation censorship
Daddy
Im Moroccan And Im sooo Excited  Lets Fucking Goo ????
360p squad
I'm a time traveller.
Nerf Bastion
Can someone tell me what date the new season coming out
love from Australia.
Good video and all but...... 360p..
I'lL bE bAstIon\n\n\n\n\n\n\nNeRf BAstiON
144p squad?
Notif squad :D
Why is the video 360p?
1st to watch the whole vid
Wassup Zen?
Love ur videos
Season 4 HYPE :D
Noti squad
New barricade look?
Already know all the News but i still wanna watch your video <3
I am a Walmart. SHOP IN ME
First one lol
First
Well time to start grinding
To anyone that sees this comment, I hope you have a great day and enjoy it!!
I love yourvids
Ash is pro
360p squad
First!!!\nThank you for keeping us up with updates.\nYou are such an active YouTuber and you should have a lot more subs.
Can u pin this pls
360p??\n\n\nNah im kidding no probs I'm a big fan
Sponges are not real.
Hi Keep lying you’re really good
Gug
First time being the first comment
ZEN IS LITT
1st
First
hi
You're the best-dude
First comment
First notification squad
First
1
Not the first
Rockin60
1st
Eyyy
First
Hello
First
First
It should be Chinese again because hAH THEY SURE DO LOVE THEM!
13:35 he almost did th r pewdiepie
That Mira you placed on the East wall you should place on the right wall. It'll be better to prevent crossfire killing you from that direction or if you have a second person playing it like Doc was at the beginning. Dope setup though, gonna steal it lol never seen that one!
On the basement strat, I like putting one Mira on the wall facing the barrel room and one on the doorway behind that looking at the outside tunnel wall, then I open that wall with the shotgun, and it watches tunnel more effectively I feel
“*whats YouTube*”
Stella Artois is a beer in France and Bellgium??
What mira gun skins does he use?
Joaquín from the book of life?
Every single time I load up one of your videos and start a queue for a match I get the same map that you are playing on and it's freaking me out.
Bruh 1v1 me Mira only
Did the rook vest save you on the drop down?
MAGA
Good job bro!!Check my new video too i am a new youtuber please help me out with your opinion????
Hi, I'm a small small almost tiny (this includes height) content creator, I am kind of new to this but please come and check my videos out. I normally make funny moments videos, thanks
Goes zofia doesn't impact shield??? Vg bro ?? your better then that way better
Your a shit Mira the first reinforcement should have been on the right side... straight away I see a mistake ???? you ain’t no Mira main ????
Im a ur mom main
I'm new to Mira so plz could you do a siege school on here cus I find them super helpful. Cheers
Did you get this strat from Get_Flanked ????
Wahkim? Is from Riverdale!
the way he says your name tho!!!!!!!
How do you have 160 FPS when my computer still gets connection problems at 20 FPS
Get_Flankedmade that first Mira strat
Who else remembers the other name he gave this vid
i got a ace with mira last night. vectors op as fuck now
Hey, was thinking about how they could nerf lion. Do you think instead of his current gadget it was more like a actual drone that you would use but when you wanted to use it the drone itself sent out that whole thing for just the room said drone was in. Each drone get so many like twitches drone and shorter times of being revealed.
Doggo's whistle when he pronounce's S's destroyed my ears through headphones
He watched get Flanked’s video on best Mira spots
What a skin in a Zofia's gun?
that miestro was lit asf
18:10 What not to do
are you spain rahqwael lol
5 ads in a 30 min vid? Come on man..
U got that from get flanked
What skin is that for vector?
10:10 "less than 2 clips" ... on a Vector... REEEEEEEEEEE
I used that strat tonight man it’s op
What's better Ela or Valk?
My friend and I are starting a team. This team will be Partaking in ESL games and hopefully more. We are looking for good players. We have requirements when it comes to rank and KD. Please Join the discord if you feel like you would like to be on this team! https://discord.gg/2ygaU7J
Was rook armor prevent Chris from down by the claymore?
Unreinforced wall mirror gang?
I want to be a better mira main but i still dont understand why you shoot out the sides of the mira when they are next to a soft wall
PSA rook armor lets you survive any explosion that would have killed you by leaving you downed how he stayed standing is unknown distance and 3 armor maybe?
Despert times call for OP operators??
7:25 should've camped on bomb A, you can see B site clearly from there and stairs as well
In Brazil, most of pro players are diamond.
verticalgaming-raquelle the true youtuber
Turned 15 today and I get a present from Chris
Mira: for the elderly to stalk strangers and not move too much
“YEA RACKUVEIL”
VIRGINTY GAMING
Bad Mira ??
Hey vg i wanna say thanks, your videos have helped me become very good at siege all though I've only played since operation meat ball i have gotten placed in plat and it's mostly because of your strats and your style of playing in general makes things easy to pick up so thanks!
METER MAID METER MAID
Roam with Rook
Do the half Mira strat that’s my favorite
A tip for Mira. Break the soft wall behind the Mira to get more sight. Like behind the reinforced wall
VIRGINITY GAMING RAQUELLE
Vertical gaming ??????
Lol @ "100% corrrelation between people at bottom of scoreboard and people who type MAGA in chat."
Stupid, I am the mira main. There can only be 1 person who mains an op in all of siege. I am a pro copper Mira who would rek u if we got in a game
Seven ads dude really?
Yo I recently got Buck do you have any tips for him like DMR or AR? Thx love your vids
stupid luis is watching this in math class im gonna tell Papa Jerry
The BM on the maestro kill.
vector shredssss
Ayy F off you commie from Canada you will never understand true freedoms, but nice vid
10:06 its a magazine not a clip
New patch for Maverick- "Fixed – Maverick’s blowtorch makes no sound on the first use on a wall." Ubisoft thinking how to make someone more broken
You guys okay Polaris every other video
Where did you get the Mira strat you used on the first round because I saw it a while ago on get flankeds channel
What is that Zofia camo around 11:30 from?
Rank matchmaking sucks as well as its ping
I just bought Mira! This is so helpful, cheers!
this game was BOMB ;)
VG stands for vine god xd
What’s the name of the gun skin you had on the ita12s
No I’m a Mira main
Nice video vertical gaming
I love how hes like im trash when he does not flick on someone...bud i couldnt even do that
YEA RAQWEALL!!
Mira is the funnest operator in the game
Whats Thema Name of this weapon Skin on Thema vector at 1:30
I just hate that ur attitude is like u dont fucking like your job everyday is like this ur just ugly in attitude and outside
He killed that guy with the Maverick torch lol.
Im 9 and i love this band
nice job raquel
Stella Artois is beer
That political comment was crap dude. No one here is talking shit about that idiot Justin Trudeau and saying Canadians who support him are idiots with no understanding of how economics work.
My brother saw one of your clips on an ifunny feature page...
I’m watching this I school
Imma Mira main to
That 2nd mira u placed at 1:07 is really bad u should keep that wall next to it reinforced and put the mira more to the door side. Talking from experience
HOLA RAQUEL!!!!
12:45 that's a kobe right there
HOOLY SHIT YOU MISS SO MANY KILLS LIKE ME
GG. Vrachwell
"GU mine doesn't affect your aim though." It does visually because of the green outline, you can't see as well...
Mira is last defence operator i want the enemy team to have
No half miras!?!?!?
Dude it looks like u used get_flanked’s mira strats from his vid
Dem mira strats tho @varsitygaming ??
Cool vid, Vilified Gaming
Why do people shoot a hole out next to a mira? Isn't it better to shoot through the wall and not be as noticable? Like, yeah you'll be able to have better vision on where they are but typically wouldn't you pre fire the spot?
So I started this mira strategy on kids room and finally now starting to see it used and now it's being used by vg hell yea
33:25 Down in a flash....
21:14 : Plays as Maverick but shoots wall instead of using his gadget ??
that crouch spam by hibana is hella toxic
VIRGINITY GAYMING
The crouch spam in ranked rn is actually awful. shit looks so goofy
When drew says words with the letter s, it hurts
Vertical gaming
I love Mira, but i dont play her much because of 2 main problems i have: A) I'm absolute trash with Mira's Vector because it's so hard for me to manage with a controller, B) I always end up with 1 idiot on my team that reinforces next to my Mira. I don't want to team kill people, but if you don't stop when I tell you to then I'm letting the Vector rip you apart.
Just saying its called a magazine not a clip
How did you get that skin?
MAGA
Where is that Mira skins from i really like them where they limited time because i have never gotten them from a pack
love ur videos vertical gaming
you should do a reaction video on your very first video of siege
Can you show me your settings? I would like to see them :D
Nice video varsity
It's usually a good idea to reinforce beside the Mira that isn't looking onto tractor as counter intuitive as that may seem.
Mira is in my top 5 for sure. Possibly top 3.
‘Rockwell’ lmao
good video Vertical Gaming!
can someone tell me how the fuck mira not die to claymore??
You know he had to do it to em.
Raquel
The East wall Mira is very risky in a 1vX situation when your player there gets killed early. A good twitch drone, or even a hibana charge can expose angles into you facing Tractor. Better off keeping the South facing Mira (preferably a half wall mira) facing tractor, and putting the other in tractor, facing east lobby side entrance.
The book of life lol classic movie
Drew gets roasted 5 min in
I like your gameplays ??
Is there a way to disable the 5v something because it doesn't pop up in this video.
Finally! You play Mira.
My merch finally came in :) love it thanks so much
i am still waiting for a compilation off varsity screaming "aaaahh" while he does something
Where did he get the skin for mira
Nice Work RACKHVEIL
Change your name to VG-Rahkweil
there is a place called laos and in their language ja is stupid
Doc, Rook, Echo, and Mira are my only defenders mains.
Rahkwail!
Pin me varsity senpai
Mira main is bae
Mirror mirror on the wall who's the worst siege player of them all?
Hey varsity!! I love your vids Keep it up! Love you
Ayyyaayayayaya
Oh yes daddy Christian give me more please daddy
Yo
Just bought mira I've been practicing in casual and Im watching this video for tips. If anyone knows good mira tips please tell me.
Seventh and Eighth
So many people leave in ranked and never come back....
Aye can I get a pin
Great video????
U mom gay
first
:j
Tape Flex
Not the hockey puck fuze more like the war criminal fuze
You should’ve just said fuze kills hostages and that would be it
Well this is a story, all about how I taught some new kids, from battle royale, Our teamwork was great, and our kills were good, Spreading peace and joy in every neibourhood(how do you spell?) We did this by giving content to the masses, Until tuxbird came in and flexed on our asses.
1:04 ??
Marcel’s voice was so familiar from VanossGaming. Anybody else?
STOP THAT
You should play with vanoss
Dfuck is The CC on the vid?
BOOM
Thermite and Ying is as good as a fanthicc as IQ and Ela
10:49 i love how you're just emptying a clip into cans of pro-pain and nothing happens
“ I guess watching their twitch doesn’t help” damn....... stream sniper spotted!
LETS GET IN THERE, dew doo dew dew my name is Cleveland brown
Wait, I see Thermite but no Thatcher. What the absolute fuck?
Love macie
You should've played with Cartoonz
9:11
1 man 1 lean 5 headshot and 5 reports lol
He knows wildcat!
Tape Flex Flex Tape
What is the skin called that he has on ying
6:31 yings legs god
"Once you get over the hump is a lot more fun" -Badger 2018
"Frost is a bad operator"
When u tried to rrevive sypher there was a trap next to sypher
can some1 make this video but just with a counter of how many time bajur says FELLAS
I bet you 50 dollars badger you wont play tf2
Ima maverick,ying,maestro,and a doc main
Frost is the best operator bitch
When you see the old recoil before grim sky and remember that the game took skill to aim at one point
7:12 its wildcat screaming
I'm gonna miss this rarted when zie internet diez
That would be awesome to play with badger#MOARbahjer
Of course the battle royalers call someone sweaty
I prefer therming that combo name is better
Good god I love this
Did you ever chose fuze in the hostage mode just to flex on teammate ni????as?
Dont call frost bad pls
shroud = friccin aimbot GOD
Tux
Thermite= Kool Aid Man
badger you are really good at seige
I got my first ace with my frost elite skin when I first got the op.
Tlex fape
CANADA!
Why does his face look like another youtuber i found 3 years ago
Fuse and Lord Tanchanka vs other operators
BARK
is bm bad manners
I just realized the thumb nail is that one drake meme
Frost isn’t even a good operator NANI gets triggered
What if im watching this on September 27th?
can you teach me
0:07 - 0:18 It can be like "A really big fucking hole coming right up", but if you're, if you're bustin a wall, and it's like a firefight, he'll be like, "A REALLY BIG FUCKING HOLE COMING RIGHT UP!!!"
90% of the time me and my friends win we are memeing and 90% of the time we lose we are going try hard
puncake
I like frost
i thoght it was ravioli
I thought the sypher only played fortnite ????
There is no such thing as a perfect vid...
My friends and i have created a perfect team called, The Thing! The=Thermite, Th=Thatcher and Ing=Ying. We have also added capitão and blitz. I cant think of a single gane we have lost with that set up
Murica!!!!!!!!!
Catch Northernlion at 10:00
This whole idea of just helping noobs is really fun and wholesome, noice one badge boi. Wish I got some ppl to have fun in this game ;-;
Shroud is OP , he gon na kill all
0:22 you need to make a song of that
JUST SLAP SOME FLEX TAPE AMD IT'LL BE FIXED
A black man, a pig, and a badger walk into a game lobby...
Flextepepettape
Tlex Flap
u need to teach vanossgameing
So funny lmao I'm ded
I fucking hate this game
a thermite quote should be "you never know whats gonna be coming through that really big fucking door coming right up"
See i played twitch during the free weekend..was that...was that a mistake?
Down enemy. Heal enemy. Let teammate finish off enemy. … … … … … Most charitable teammate ever.
WHY do you act like my friend from school. ..
he picks up his eyepatch when he leans right to see. under his eyepatch is a eye in perfect condition
U want a talk about flexing a friend of mine one tapped a hibana in the head with a black ice skinned magnum as lardex the destroyer of buffets with a dirty angle where they could only see his head
whatt is name of the song at the end
Ummm you and tux look eerily similar... 0.o
Badger meeting wildcat is like Batman and superman
“Frost isn’t even a good operator....” That hurts badger, that hurts.
I wish I had friends like them
Yo he looks like the green goblin lmao
Hi
something i'm still confused at: if you have not said it already, WHY DO YOU HAVE SO MANY FROGS?!?!?!?!!?!??!?!?!? thaks you :3
Capito has the solid snake of eyes
ARE YOU SURE ABOUT THAT
Of course Cartoonz won he is pretty good
Is it just me or does it sound like Badger & Comicstorian could be the same person. They sound EXACTLY the same.
This video was really good in till I saw your face ngl
According to all known laws of aviation, there is no way a bee should be able to fly. Its wings are too small to get its fat little body off the ground. The bee, of course, flies anyway because bees don't care what humans think is impossible.
Were you talking about Sokol from payday 2
Badger what resolution do you play at? Also what are your PC specs and peripherals?
4:39 Play erotic fucking song here!
Same with basically i do work and cartoonz
Wildcat plays with vanossgaming
MURICA
Too Flashy Dawg
a really big f*cking hole coming right up.”
I would play moar siege but my friends are too try hard to have fun with, always screaming at each other and complaining about carrying. It’s too much hassle, ya know?
Flex tape zone
Courtesy to the Russian hockey player himself Alex overchkin
That's a lot of damage
How do you get the red headgear for bandito dorito
Gubisoft needs to make an operator that flex tapes windows and make it so they can’t melee or breach charge it(like a reinforcement)
Wait....... I didnt know your in the vanosscrew now?
idk if this has been on YouTube... but this NEEDS to be seen more. Its THE BEST https://www.reddit.com/r/Rainbow6/comments/8xyt4y/ubisoft_should_remove_exothermic_charges_from/?utm_source=amp&utm_medium=top_post
Frost Is good
can we get 10 k likes :)
8:18 The fuck you just say about my bitch
But who won
Yeah I can not hot breach with a termite charge with shotgun with no attachment too
? ?????? ????? ???
This video is sponsored by squarespace
I have over 100 tks and havent been banned its great they put a suspension but I can still play terrorist hunt and glaz one shot headshot teammates :) and you cant be put on a bigger suspension it still counts the days down still tking
Badger I think you mean: Thermite+Ying = "The Thing"
Play with vanos
Is Badger true Slav?
yah therms arms are legit made of spam
Lol I got a porn and madturbation addiction rehab ad while watching this video.
Team cartoonz withe h2o delirious and ohm Team badger with him his fwend and wildcat and basically Both of those team are entertaining
Phil swift says your flex has already been sealed
TANGO SUCKA
Is it just me? Or do Tux and Smiity have the same voice
But can you do Artillery Only???!
10:29 what the fuck kinda word is “more”? I think you mean “moar”
Shit i miss the sale
Would you ever play on console?
I can't even do any backflips!!!
This is probably the best YouTuber I stumbled upon great content
please do a video on capitao he doesn't get enough love
thermite is countered by Phil swift
0:22 Thank me later.
Could u plez make a valk video i just git her and want to learn how to play her better
Should I get Ela or lesion for my next operator
I broke my glasses playing siege
thermite + ying = THE THING
Where my doc mains at?
Bajur you are my favorite YouTube. You inspired me to make a YouTube channel of my own. Never stop making content, and inspiring people to grow the YouTube community. All I can say is thank you.
lmao on the discord I @ed badger lmao got banned
Where you friends before
I got the 60% off R6S ad halfway through this video. Man, if only I had something to play it on...
I just bought this game aaaaand i kinda wanna but Doc is IT a good thing?
I have a channel which has Newbie editting R6 Montages (im New) if you can support me on this journey i will be happy:]
Croatis
everytime marcel barks take a shot.
i play this game for over a year now and i still suck ass
I wonder why there no valkrye video yet
well this is the story all about how I taught some new kids from battle royale
manger du cul et du gaz
we need an operator from highlander. He gets only a pistol but he gets a healthpoint for every health point he takes from enemy or friendly players. He just kills his whole team and has 500 HP. Finishes the round with 1000 after taking no damage. Health doesn't resent betwen rounds.
I’ve wanted these guys to play together for so long
After doing some research, I found out that Badger lives at the Apartment Building called Gateway across from Pier 3 in San Francisco. He's got one of the front apartment rooms on the right above the gym. Floor 5-8. If you're in SF, go find him lol
badger charborg jameskii swagger and fitz sounds like a team imo
Badger on other team nitrocells whole team
Wildcat and badger what a meme duo??I’m so happy
Play some more fortnite!
Anybody notice how the russian said "murica"? Coincidence? Collusion?
i love the video on ying cause "stay in your lane" and "operation daymen son"
Imagine if fuzes mvp pistol sound was suppressed if you had that on Just loud russian national anthem and a sad thwap of the pistol
Hey can you do a video on the dude that has the crossbow please
Hey Russian Badger can you try for Honor?
Welcome to the stupidity of the vanoss crew
Its good to see that they dont have foking laser sights!
I want to play with u I suck
I played a peaceful game of rainbow
Dad said it's my turn on the objective
No stop uploading the same game and i have stolen that line from one of your videos but who gives a damn okay and pls like start uploading some battlefield 1 or fortnut or or something else
is this game worth it?
BaJuR BAjuR ForTniTe sEasOn 4
will you play BF5 when it comes out? just asking
"im starting with the man in the mirror im asking him change ways" why did he say that in the mira video?
PLAY FORTNITE S5 DO ITTTT
Ali A
How come you don't play fortnite anymore badger??
Kill Badger
Thermite is te equivalent of "FBI OPEN UP"
THAT DAB AT THE START
When can I expect my Grim Sky video bagel?
Badger, I love your videos! Please do Witcher 3: Wild Hunt!
Im not a hater but the only reason why badger is soo good is that 1. He played for a long time 2. people dont watch him and 3. THE ENIMIES ARE FUCKING IDIOTS
You sound like game theorists
So... when are we gonna get that recruit elite skin? ??????
Thanks so much badger, I've recently gotten into the game and I'm already addicted. Best game of all time.
Bajur its 4 am and I want to go to bed but I physically can't stop watching stupid youtube videos like "my entire pool filled orbies" and "no flex zone" like wtf
Tachanka mains identify as a god with bottles of vodka at their disposal
Hey Badger, you gonna do a Marvel Spider Man or Spider Man PS4?
Next vid name not lackin lesion
Van you do a video with all frootyMcRooty...and show how team work and comms can beat t in e special operators!
Where's the VIDEOS
Hey badger I have a really good strat on coastline with Valkyrie
I watched this on tux's channel. Great job ??
bajur are you going to do battlefileld 5 beta
@THERUSSIANBADGER I love u, u d serve more
is 6 days without a vid safe to say that badger is dead?
What you say about frost
Please do a Frost video
Fitz x THERUSSIANBADGER please
You know you’ve had a channel longer then PEWDIEPIE
What are your controls for rainbow
I need help I got scammed out of my entire inventory by eFext Liam on Xbox my username is Hope spider
NO FLEX ZONE NO FLEX ZONE
Badger dead
Any possibility you could make a soundboard of your one liners? like "details" and "tanks"?
At 5:51, Ash foot is still broken!!!!!
Nah, Cartoonz got dis.
stop you've violated the law
Flex is life
I want Rainbow Six Siege now. But I’m fucking broke
Tux for the Mavericks picture now
BAJUR pls.. play for honor. I need help. (Everyone please like if you agree so BAJUR sees this)
I love this channel I’m subscribing keep it up
Badger. I'm disappointed. Thermite + ying. The thing.
Artillery ONLY
Remember when RussianBadge said he had no interest in becoming a R6 youtuber and the game was a dead end and was gonna do For Honor?
Artillery only please
Is clarence dead? WHERES CLARENCE
Hey Badger can you help me i suck at all the operators plus i play on xbox one
flex attack
??? ?????
ayee much love badger but my boissss won woot!
Where id thr lion a10 above meme
ALWAYS PUMPIN THE PHADEST BEATZ IN THAT OUTRO, WUBWUBWUBWUBWUBWUBWUBWUBWUB
Pulse got nerfed so his nitrocell is now useless due to how he slowly swaps out of his heartbeat censor. Anyone that’s been detected probably already move out of position so badger you can no longer get those nitrocell kills. We might as well should have impact grenades cause nitro cells are useless badger can’t possibly get kills by nitro cell either.
Shroud and MJ is gonna win
So when we getting artillery only?
Badger remember these words said by you when frost gets her elite skin: "Frost is now hot enough to melt ice."
Oof, I broke the game The game trial glitched for me and I got it free
frost is amzing i have mained her since she came out
TO SHOW YOU THE POWER OF CLEAR TAPE I CUT A BIG FUCKING HOLE IN THIS WALL
Maverick + thermite = marmite
It’d be amazing if you could place all Fuze’s cluster charges and detonate them all at once.
I am a Drooc main
I didn’t know u know wildcat
REVIEW SPACE HULK : DEATHWING! please?!
Capitao?
I tried to get sale on PS4 yesterday and couldn't get it, any ideas?
You really need to do a vid on the new operators
bajur your how to siege video is featured on Ubisoft’s website. (Yes I know it was sponsored)
Badger on fuzes lng when you reload you can see ,,fuze the hostage‘‘ with or without the elite camo on
Strange to think how many you tubers are friends.
Wildcat's "bruh You trash" would be the best hotkey on a soundboard.
Tell us story about burn on hand
orrick looking for that BAN
Ha got banned from the discord because I said “Clu out here banning people” ya rip
Yo badger if u could have any oporater in ported in the game what powers would u want him to have and if u see dis can u teach me how to play badger aka best YouTuber ever thx for making content keep up the good work
frost iz h0t
I was watching tuxbird and I saw that
Smacks lips Now this is a damn good video
I left my binder at school :(
When will you do artillery only?
I’m expecting Logan Paul jokes when it comes to the Grim Sky video
Can we give recruit an elite skin
Who won
Shrood and macie are gona stomp on the competition
Ooh weld kat
Make a clash and maverick vid already
DO ARTILLERY ONLY
DO ARTILLERY ONLY DO ARTILLERY ONLY DO ARTILLERY ONLY DO ARTILLERY ONLY DO ARTILLERY ONLY DO ARTILLERY ONLY DO ARTILLERY ONLY DO ARTILLERY ONLY DO ARTILLERY ONLY DO ARTILLERY ONLY DO ARTILLERY ONLY
I would prefer calling thermite + ying = thing
Mok
Mkok
I want eekaj back
Hey badger thanks for advertising about rainbow I love this game p.s. I need help in multiplayer
I love albeti spaghetti and thonking thatcher
y u no grimm sky?
Oy crigey 8 thats a rea1ly big fookin alliGAYtor
ARTILLERY ONLYY
I've managed to save up 100k renown.... I have just the basic operators and I can't decide who to get. Suggestions?
you banned me from your discord for nothing my name i am suicdal#0467 please unban me i did nothing
Hi
wow your playing with vannos crew noice flex tape boiii
I did my first day at subway today
No new vid about seige!!
if you thonk about it shouldn't a pizza be a big hole less bagel?
How do you get the text up at exactly the time you alll speak?
fuze elite emote shouts ‘Murcia
Wait If You Thought Wildcat And Marcel How To Siege Shouldn’t They Teach You How To Royale
artillery ONLY!!!!!!!
U should make a for honor video
ARTILLERY ONLY!!
GRIM SKY JUST CAME OUT
All hail the King of R6 Siege
I'm a frost
you should apply for the new joker role
Unban me from ur server pls daddy Bajur Serbian.Gopnik
Yo dawg, haven't played the Division, like, at all? What?
I love your attitude, and it's a great thing to teach new players as it's the only way to get through that initial slog of just getting oriented. Whew.
Plz do a Frost video
Badger, make a For Honor video
Is it me or when badger is showing gameplay clips when he talks its like he edits it in it doesn’t sound natural
T
Yo badger u should play gtav again
Not video related but I just found out gabe the dog died ??????????????????????????
10:18 if he was a sad boi y doesn't he wear the midnight owl gear
Who would’ve thought that 3 years ago he was saying the game is shit but now it’s kinda one of the most games he has played except bfcptsomething now three years later he plays a shit load of r6
“frost isnt even a good operator” thats one of the dumbest thing ive ever heard anyone who plays this game say. frost has a really good rifle and her abilities unintentionally save games.
This is the infinity war crossover of YouTube gaming
Well Tyler Wow Rare footage of him in another game
Evan braddock is not there Even Fitz, Cartoons, Vanoss, H20 Delirious ??
Top Ten Anime Crossovers.
TheRussianBadger looks like Stephen Karl rip RussianBadger.
this video almost 1337!!!
What vid is the nico nico kneecaps from
badger, why russian? i'm russian and when i saw ur channel first time, i thought u r russian sorry 4 my bad eng
What do you think of the new operators?
Bajur y u look exactly like Connor form Detroit becum humaines
8:20 triggered
Question, why havent you made a video about Capitao yet?
How dare you call my main not a good operator
I taught my friend to play this game he is like level 2 and he is still better than the people I get on my team in ranked
11:26 Lol that sssssskkkkrrrrrtttt on Fuze at the end XD
9:14 Lol. ey....itz the space mahrens that wanna kill badger. Good times :P
Yo, they had oil Wildcat: MEEEERICAAAAAAA!!!!
When Kapkan is beating his meat he’s fapkan
The fuck happened to your discord badger
Rip Robbie rotten
"He shot pistol in sky merica" cant argue with that logic
some people speak engrish and some people speak portruguese for the looks of it
HOL UP LET ME GET IT STARTED STEVE IS ALWAYS MINING GETTING STACKS OF DIAMONDS STEVIE LAGGIN KILLIN THE DRAGON MADE A DIAMOND PICK NOW IM FLY LIKE ALLADIN MININ GEMMIE PULL UP TO THE CRIBBY UH PICKY PICKY PICKY ON OBSIDI-UH DIGGY DIGGY KILLIN ALL THE PIGGY UH GETTIN SICKY GIVE THE COW A LICKY UH - 6ixMine
just got my account working subed
Hey frost is a good operator
i am a sledge main and i take offense to you not using his elite
B l y a t
i swear to if u dont play anew game im gonna MOAR BOI
Frost is my favorite operator
So I have been watching most of the Battlefield 1 videos. The next time you do a massive killing spree, try to get music (probably one with high BPM) and use that instead. It feels more satisfying that way.
Oh boi wildcats autistic screeching on my favorite channel, just what i wanted ??
hey badger. yesterday i saw an account called shroud-c9 getting banned by battleeye. is it true?
nikolai khabibulin
No flex zone they know better they know better
These last couple of videos don’t seem like the regular Badger
Bajur I dont get why you make fun of rook for being the heaviest operator. According to bios, it's sledge.
I looked up what blyat meant and its Russian for fuck
???extra ???ick
I loved the intro song
I loved the intro song
It's not capitAO..It's pronuncied capitAUM
Maybe you could do a Warframe video next?
just bought my 3rd copy of r6 fml
Did some see the gun on the foot o thermite on 2:56
Did you just call my waifu frost trash? U FOKIN W0T BAJUR?
Forgive my stupidity but how do you get that red ting set?
Wheres bikini when you need him
Do the new grim sky operator's
Jesus Christ is FLEX
Can you play different game any game please put a different game why are we still here save me
Do you still play with pranx?
Make a fortnite vid already
What is the camo at 11:00
BAJUR THEY GAVE BLITZ A ELITE SKIN
The adventures of Badger and Friends: Episode 3
Ive never been able to shoot an attacker with docs stim pistol yet....one day
Tachunky needs a MVp skin where he ride in on a bear
Wait, BIDW in this vid? Whats happening??!!
NO DISCOUNT ON STEAM
Finally wildcats channel isn’t dead
8:53 *Gu’finess
Of course Shroud and Macie are gonna win u dumb shit LOL
MORE CROSSOUT!!
Off Topic but does Grouse have a channel? He’s dummy funny
So who won the competition for the event? Also i feel like MJ and Shroud together isnt as fair. I know for sure Shroud has played Seige more than the rest of these guys
you know badger is making a toxic tryhard server on Clash and Maverick right now
Karen
Was that SMii7Y at the end saying that he agrees with your statement?
Ma boy cartoonz
I'd like to see a video of yours without as much commentary in between clips just to see how it would compare to your usual content. I feel as if the unexpectedness of what's going to happen next would add to the enjoyment of your videos. keep up the great work!
Pls make capitao video????????
Flex shoes
If anyone wants to help a newish player, my Xbox gamertag is ChicoTheProphet. Also, my discord is the same name.
How do you get that theatre mode type thing??
Do a Roblox video pls :3
Hey badger, I just got siege, you got any tips for a pure beginner?
You should play For Honor
Pls do face reveal
.......Sponsored by Planet Fitness
Capitao isn't mexican. Also, it isn't Holmes, homes. It's homes, homes. Get it, homes?
pls play the culling next
Where does the busted sound effect come from
Anyone else watch tux’s vid and remember these scenes?
Lol gay
Call thermite turdmite
I want kapkan and finka to be buffed so bad that while on a Quebec trip I yelled at the Ubisoft building
Flux Tupe
Play ranked
Shoulda asked ubi to bring the acog
So, when we gunna get the grim sky gameplay?
personally thought you guys would win but I also like cartoons but either way I'm glad you guys had fun bet the event was just as fun and keep up the good work badger
NEW OPERRATERS BROOOOO
JUST TO FLEX ON 'MURICA
Just got banned from his server for no reason lol.
I watched this stream on tuxes twitch 1000 viewers
I still don't have a black ice, lvl 100+... :(
Can't wait for the operation RIM GUYS starts gonna be great
Frost is he best how dare u disrespect my woman devil that’s why I’m also a mei main in overwatch I love the woman devils
Is therussianbadger actually russian ?I’m serious
When ever badger uploads 3 times in 1 week
Where was the ravioli
0:40 Ubisoft doesn't know how to use their operators .
HEY RussianBadger new MEGA SLAM DUNK in crossout so bring out you're inner Gromek999 and make another video about crossout pwety pweez ^_^ love you're vids bty good stuff
MOAR BADGER
It’s ez to hot breach as thermite
No
Why did he delete his video Hi, I’m Badger.?
What's the date of the tournament
it isn't 60% off in the steam store ?
No child
Collab with Macie jay
11:43 what an oof
TTS PLAY NEW OPS!!!!!
One time my controller broke and I threw a grenade instead reviving. The next thing I heard was mic peaking screams from a tormented soul
Hi Isaac
What about vanoss?
Aye fam wots ur editing software
Gucci tape
What’s the outro song called
Who is ready for the operation from sky vids from russian
It is the 21
11:25 basically screams merica even tho he's playing a German operator ??????
well obviously team shroud and macie are gonna win you dimb shi-
0:37 well Evan Braddock can
Frost main here to tell you that the 4 man clutch from Frost says she is a good operator thank you very much
I listened what u said so now im saying it TEAM SHROUD GONna win xd
Tachanka turret on wheels for next season?
Norman Yeetus
How are u so good
"Avengers infinity war is the most ambitious crossover event in history" Me:
I'm a huge 49ers fan and love some rb6 siege. How fun was it playing with Goodwin and Garcon? # niner empire
Badger is really funny, too bad i can't stand this game. I miss the old battlefield days :(
Well this is a story about how... my life got flipped upside down
PLEASE PLAY SOME BF1!!!! I love ur videos
When your content is good but nobody notices you ;(
Sypher didn’t fit in
Woah...Boi did you just say Frost is NOT a good operator...AHHHHHH
Can anyone recommend a good attack that I should buy?
But badger u can hot breach with thermite by using it before you repel in
angry joe is an idioit
August 16-27 ? Seems like bullshit cuz its already over.
cyka use lmg for fuze
Stop playing this shity game
Hope I can get some fun squad like this. Even I'm on casual, I always got sh*t talk and pressure from being bad(Not toxic, just bad) at this game...
Since when did Henry Cavill w/ a receding hairline own a R6S channel?
I see wildcat is finally not playing fortnite for once
Nah Macie and Shroud gonna kick some ass.
captain v god capitao is next?
I just figured out that badger is from canada
11:23 that awkward moment when you say a joke and no ones laugh.
We got the same hairline bro..go russia?
Do you know that blyat means fuck
How do you make those broll clips
Really can't stand wildcat
I knew cartoon is going to win because he has a secret weapon H2O delirious
Yo Badger, how da hell you play games with all these subtitles always in the way?
5:08 but to be fair, one was stream sniping.
Why is it that you remind me of Brandon Urie
Feel bad bout Sypher, must’ve felt a lil awkward, he didn’t fit in exactly.
Did you at least get to see daddy shrouds fat cock?
5:02 "I guess watching their Twitch doesn't help" Useless snipe :v
corn porn :>
of course shroud and macie gonna win ooff
FUCK I DIDN SEE THIS Video yesterday
My craps are more explosive than kapkans c4
Thermite + Ying = Thing
shroud and macie are gonna clap everyone’s cheeks
Thermite + Ying = Thing
Well of course Shroud and Macie are gonna win, you dumb shi-
CARTOOOOONZ
whats the song at the end ?
I've been here since skull rain and I think the battle royal event was the best yet worst thing that ever happen to r6 my one problem is the toxic fortnite players flooding casual with tking and stealing kill (I lost My Jäger to a level 7 that got one tapped while trying to spawn peak) the pubg community is chill when it comes to r6
a really big fucking flex coming right up
that thermite impression on point
Lil tay
I want that Ying skin :(
first i got it for free to see if i liked it then i bought it for 16eur so big fukin win for meh
does anybody else think that badgers four head gets bigger each outro
IG: gorski.krystian
Hey badger have you played the battlefield 5 beta
sypher was really silent lmao
FUN...
How many subs bajur goin get from wildcat and marcel?
Please play with wildcat and marcel more ??this shit is gold
Yo Big Boii Badger, that outro was hella FRESH my dude. ????
God damn these people are loud
That discount lasts until I go to boot camp
Bring Vanoss too plz.
Tf2 vid is probably next because Badger said: ,,when we gonna light a bunch of thing on fire (Pyro) and make a fun of the cyclopes (demoman)" or he was saying about Capito XP idk anyway great FLEXING video TAPE like always. :3
Two new operators, Maverick and Clash, are now added to R6S
No doodling for you, badger :(
???? ?????
Y is nug not a mentor
Clash=bald British lesbian holding a shield
So just jumped back into siege about 3-4 weeks ago and before that I hadent played since about the first round of dlc years ago. My friend and I had a deal cause he's been begging me for a long time to play it with him so I'm trying now. I'm not the worst but i don't do that great so I was wondering if anyone i had any advice to help me out? Thanks!
Could you help me in Siege, Im two days new in Siege. I have Xbox btw ;-;
Balyt
3:53 has me dying , “I’m watching this in 540p” ??
Nice poster my guy.
5:24 "an unkown person saved us as sledge i wonder who it was" its fucking badger
Do operation sky grim
They literally made a charm for macie jay
New operators coming right up
no flex zone with 14k R6 credits
Thermiteying
You like flex tape but it’s not gucci enough? Try Flexing Flex Tape. It’s overpriced, and completely useless!
stop balding
please do more videos with wildcat and marcel
Flex boy
THATS A LOT OF DAMAGE!!!
Wildcat has successfully become megumin
They knowwww better they knowwww betterrr (only real ones get it)
Switch up the content God damn what happened
Shroud is such a shit. I hope you guys dumpster him.
@therussianbadger yo when you start a round on attacking play The Dark Knight prologue to make yourself seem more badass. Seriously once that bass note hits you become a God
Play with VanosGaming
badger, what do you think of the new operator??
WoHa
8:17 hey frost is my baby okay
0:40 AHAHAHAHAHA I CANT I CANT
Theres nothing like a bunch of idiots playing a tactical game and winning to make you think damn i love R6S.
Btw you know when capitao leans left how does he see?
Daddy teach me
Cartoonz is gonna win. In my imagination
Haha more cash
Montagne: what are you Clash: I'm you but better
As a content creator, does anyone know how bajur gets those thumbnail images of the operators?
Sypher reminds me of the cipher from MGSV
Teach Clarence to play next
DoNt u Taalk shiit AbOut my girL FrOsT
When you dont know their names that well - "good job ...FELLAS"
Frost Elite....... Nugget Beware the goddess of the game !
i mean, it was obvious shroud wouldn't win, he plays ranked not casual
sorry badger but I got to be on team CaRt0oNz I love that guy
Too bad dude I’m flexing ??????
Ima be real wit chu chief. The only way to beat macie and shroud is to act SO casual that they can’t predict it.
Logan Paul is gonna play this game more than ever now when the new character (Maverick) is coming out
0:23 this is the best thing I have heard today
Seal Flex
A really big fucking hole in your head coming right up
1:04 You just switch the topic to your shitty promotion of the game to make everyone forget about the fact shroud and macie are gonna win?
SOVIET RUSSIA
I wanna see vanoss and badjur
more like the rush in badger
Holy shit, haven't heard those dudes in a while.
"Frost isn't a good operator" I'm a little triggered now
I low key want to see a video of all the things he says at the end of every video he has
Does Badger Play RANKED??? And If Not Does Anybody Know Why??
anyone k ow how to fix sound on r6 seige? every sound works for every game even the main lobby for seige but as soon as I get in the character select screen it all cuts out
I hate it when try hards get sweaty and we lose
Wait where thatcher at
Yeet
When you have a competitive competition in causal
Honestly...my shitty life smells better thanks badger.
Did anyone know that flash bangs can kill you by severely burning you
11:24 BLYEEEEEETTTTT
Hi Isaac
Hey! I’m new to siege and I really like your videos because there full of clips that help me to get a small bit better than the garbage I am but it doesn’t help that much so I was wondering if you could Mabey give me some pointers? Thanks for your time if you read this??
Not against you badger but you should have shown more parts where the new booties did good
Ur gay
we need RussianBadger V SovietWomble
Casual lmao
Soz badger but I’ve outgrown this channel. I’m to old for this shit and it’s legit just 80% siege vids with identical format
I saw u in San Francisco and I was to scared to say hi
Tachanka has the best lines
Is it worth it if I get rainbow six?
play with them ,vanoss ,nogla , dalerious and wild cat more often u guys would make some grade A content love ur vids like always though badger
Yummmy
“Light a bunch of things on fire and make fun of a cyclops” cyclops won...
I bet shroud will get couple kills because of his aim then get KILLED by a jager
cool
Liar, you will all die by the hands of the mighty BikiniBodhi!
I heard wild cat from vannos
BLYAAAAAAT
would you say your homo-flexual
5:04 look at the bottom right what a stream sniper
cease
You lied its August 19th right now and I'm trying to get but it won't work on PS4
I wouldn’t have know that it was a free weekend but I ended up getting 2 of my friends to buy the game and now we can do full squads so yuh we dumb lit
Damn the outros songs always got me grooving like a slug being sprinkled with salt. Aka i like song
BasicallyIDoWildcat
Badger you ever gonna play dead by daylight
Hey whu do you look like tuxes older brother
Murder hole maverick and corner camping clash
I guess watching their twitch doesn't help oh my gaaaaaa
Just scream something before you blow it up...... AAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH
I really like this kind of approach. Thank you ubisoft
Capitao is the perfect example off “ i am here to have fun, but i cant not see iam legally blind”
so we aren't gonna gonna talk about the prince of BelAir remake?
"Battle royals players" lol throwback to when they were black ops 2 players
Nah bro tux is gonna win
If only the vid was 30 seconds longer
I wanted to see you play wit shroud
I don't know shroud and macey
Got the game today
"Frost isn't even a good operator," I cry now.
Badger are you gonna keep playing with wildcat and basically
Don’t you hate it when dab and accidentally burn down every orphanage in a 300 mile radius
Still i do want to see shroud& someone against badger and marcel That HOW CAN YOU GOOF SOME PRO PLAYERS
4:40 my cousin had the wrong idea of were he would shoot that stim shot in
I had a MURICA shirt on while watching this LOL
Badger’s haircut reminded me of Astro boy
How does badger has no recoil ?
I saw tuxbirds vid it's funny how similar they r
Frost Mains: autistic screeching
How dare you say Frost isn't a good operator. I think she is a cool op >:(
that cyclops has no chance against the Russian chat
So therefore, it really be like that sometime
I got a fucking cancer ad at 5:04
TheRussianBadger, playing as a Russian operator, who is shooting a pistol into the air, with the Russian National Anthem playing in the background. "MURCIA!"
Who else is ready to draw dicks into reinforced walls with ya Boi Maverick
F L E X
You should dedicate a video to playing the Russian oparaters.
awesome
what was that blitz shield skin its absolutely gucci
Badjur, how do you feel that after this video I tried out seige and became a kapkan/sledge main?
Wait they seriously paired Shroud and Macie??
100% Russian , turns American in a shot
It’s real Murcia hours
Post more dang it??
Ok so that’s what happened from the beginning of Tux’s video
Wait wait wait. Did he just say Ubisoft ?
11:46 that slow creepy zoom in on Maestro
Why does his arm look so gross
Your OG man
Why do you remind me of Robbie Rotten from Lazy Town...
U guys suck
Getting shot from all angles, A REAL BIG FUCKING HOLE COMING RIGHT UP!
Moar Tux
Time to get kicked for team kill
lmfao i was dead when he said ‘murica ??
Thermite + Ying = Thing
When a pornhub ad pops up lol I lost it
That ending was earnestly uplifting. So nice.
Less Siege, moar interesting badger videos
Can you not play with Wildcat or Basically ever again?
Hey Badger, I know you won't read this but you should play Escape From Tarkov.
WHEN THER MITE FUCKS UP CARTOONZ AND BADJER ARE HERE
"It's supreme!" ??
FLEX SEAL
Nah I’m going to just play slime rancher
What is that outro song?
The crossover finally happened!!!!
Dude I love the transitions in this one! The third to first person was perfect! Keep up the good work
Dem transitions doh????
I'm sorry, did you just say frost isn't a good operator or am I just hearing things?
"Infinity war is the most ambitious cross over ever" badger makes a calibration will Basically and Wildcat
it was posted on august 19th of course it is over
It's cool to see YouTuber that don't play together make videos like this
I have to meet this guy ??
Sypher doesn't play rainbow as well wtf is this bullshit
Shroud doesn't play rainbow
Fuze isn't Russion you fekin normies REEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE.
WOW just WOW
Lol 2:55 look at thermite's foot
Stay frosty!
Ey CaRtOoNz was the first person I watched for siege till I discovered Badger
#tuxneedsafacecamforallvids
Omfg u r amazing at teaching I got 4 kills I felt so pump biiiittttrccccchhhh
“I guess watching there twitch didn’t help” shit got me weak
Damn. Haven’t seen or heard of basically or wildcat since middle school.
Why not make a vid about the new operation?
Badggie is still the best, making this kids ‘popular’ long live the Badger!
Nigga said ofc u guys would say shroud and macie would win but then u proceed with talking abt the price that doesnt make any sense
You should invite Vanoss
Jesus tux sounds like SMii7Y
Hi, Phil Swift here with Flex Tape! The super-strong waterproof tape! That can instantly patch, bond, seal, and repair! Flex tape is no ordinary tape; its triple thick adhesive virtually welds itself to the surface, instantly stopping the toughest leaks. Leaky pipes can cause major damage, but Flex Tape grips on tight and bonds instantly! Plus, Flex Tape’s powerful adhesive is so strong, it even works underwater! Now you can repair leaks in pools and spas in water without draining them! Flex Tape is perfect for marine, campers and RVs! Flex Tape is super strong, and once it's on, it holds on tight! And for emergency auto repair, Flex Tape keeps its grip, even in the toughest conditions! Big storms can cause big damage, but Flex Tape comes super wide, so you can easily patch large holes. To show the power of Flex Tape, I sawed this boat in half! And repaired it with only Flex Tape! Not only does Flex Tape’s powerful adhesive hold the boat together, but it creates a super strong water tight seal, so the inside is completly dry! Yee-doggy! Just cut, peel, stick and seal! Imagine everything you can do with the power of Flex Tape!
Badger are you moving or something where's your bed
Nice to see all my favorite youtubers that I haven't seen in a while are playing something else instead of fortnight
Yo I wouldn't mind more vids with those guys, that was really fun to watch
10:18 My boi and his dank headgear
Holy shit I was almost late for the game
I'm a simple man. I see these cringey ass youtubers I hit dislike.
Meh needs moar bodgur
Badger has the smoothest sponsor transitions out of all YouTubers
Grim sky more police brutality operation
Shroud and Macie Jay are big gay.
Why ya hairline look like a mountain top
I'd love to see badjur playing with Tux (More since it seems you're already playing with him) and Cartoonz.. That'd be great
I've subbed to Cartoonz
You guys remember when Badger shit talked Siege before it came out?
I'm sure Cartoonz won.
04:07 Marcel just turned into Cesar Vialpando
Why did you get two persons and macie tux and cartoonz only one
Badger is just gonna act like this is battlefield 4 and use the blow torch to doodle Thicc into various walls
Where is the capitao video
I hope you Guys win
I just rapped about a little cactus
Do you guys see a red thing in thermite’s leg at 2:55
Yeah you guys are going to get fucked in the ass sideways 110%
Play with these guys more.
jagered
Tux and badger mark of the bucket list
12:20 Thats a fake smile bitch
free through August 19th makes video on August 19th
Tux is shit so rip
Goobisoft is going to shut this video down for mocking Capitao's accent. Wouldn't want to be 'racially offensive' now would we Ubi? Because that's totally something you should do in a MATURE RATED FIRST PERSON SHOOTER.
I just recently started watching the livestreams, and it’s weirdly satisfying to see clips from the stream on the video.
where did you get those thinkings, i need tho add them to my thinking folder
Team macie jay and shroud op af
You ever think of giving For Honor a try?
Badger you should try teaching the rest of the banana bus squad how to play
thermite + ying = Thing
Can I get marcels' account because I see he has black ice for glaze sniper ??
Hey nobody's telling what *ligma*is what da faq.is it?
Yermite: time to Ying some ears
Is it me or does every new person play tachanka on r6
The ultimate goof squad is so cool keep it up
loving that badger flextape on wildcat
"Frost isn't even a good operator" Unsubscribed. Unfollowed. Unfriended on Facebook. Uninvited to birthday party. Un-cited from University Psychology Project.
What happend to the capitão video
Your videos are getting worse after ubi sponsoring it Really like its now boring Old vids style was better I watched old vids hundred of times and I was not getting bored Now for the new vids I can't watch 5 min its just bad
Did u just say frost is a bad op??
You are just so fun to watch, think its just the passion and energy you put in it
SO WE AIN'T GOING TO TALK ABOUT TWOMAD TWOOOOOOOBAAAAAAAAAAAD
This video felt like it's 144fps.... On my 60 hz screen wtf why is your game so smooth
Ryssian badger but he flexes on everything
1- I got a dig bick 2- You that read wrong 3- You read that wrong too 4- You checked 5- You smiled 7- You are wondering why you’re still this reading this 8- You saw that mistake... right? (On 7) 10- But did you see that I skipped 6? 10- You checked 11- And saw you that I doubled 10 and skipped 9 12- I said saw you, not you saw 13- I also skipped 2 14- You got tricked 15- I’m just wasting your time, I deserve a like for that, go back to reading the comments
whats with the picture of lizard squad in the background at the end?
That's CaRtOoNz's revenge on you killing him in that one Ela(?) video.
FACKING STOOPID DEFENDERS BLYAT FUZE WINS AGAIN
why does it feel like russian doesnt like tux at all?
we need another half hour video
Yeah they back
Hey badger I’ve been watching for 2 years and saw u reach 500 k to 1 million and I just wanted to say keep up the good work my man
Frost is single handedly the best operator in the game B
Marcel is sweaty af
How fucking dare you say Frost isn’t a good operator(yeah I know she isn’t that good but come on, give her some love)
I watched the intro during the stream And most of the rest of the video
I miss grouse
Murica' Is What You Want Murica' To Be
“Frosts not a good operator” ah... my feelings
Salesman spencer
When does the vids get back to regular
5:04 “I guess watching their twitch doesn’t help” ????
badger's always got that good shit at the end of the video that S L A P S
I can't wait for the extreme Capatio bullying in the next Siege video
add me on snapchat jackson _186 for nudes also youre ass
Syper had another bear trap next to him I was ready for badger just to get stuck in a trap
Badger is now being used my ubisoft, if you against your will say m8 twice
10000000 SB
PLAY THE DIVISION
NOOT NOOT
Sorry to say this but you destroyed my eurobeat while i was drifting i am going to unsub and open ur door with a big fucking hole
The only difference from the other videos is that this one the outro i actually liked
Badger c'mon now. It's not hard. The perfect breach and clear team name is Yingmite
Hell yeah, go cartoonz
Badjur pls teach me
Don't you diss my homegirl frost like that.
3 of my fav youtubers all playing siege LES GO!!!!!
You can tell Sypher wasn't feeling it
play battlefield
Why is he so cringe you now
BasicallyIDoWrk should change his name to BasicallyIPlayGames
Another one in B
I may or may not have bought siege because of your videos so thank you for making me spend my money wisely
wHAT tIMe Is It CoMinG OuT?
Pls do this again
RU33er
To show you the power of flex tape, I sawed the population of the universe in half.
Lips be smackin you got caught lacking
That’s all lot of teaching
If badhuer and ninja pair up, my life will be complete
Well of course Shroud and Macie Jay are gonna win you dumb shit
‘Murcia
Bajur, I've imagined your help as Doc in siege. Just juicing youreself with that Meth in corner getting hella overhealed
Anyone else remember when badger dunked on cartoon in a certain wiggle vigil video?
How do u play w tux whe. He plays on the eu servers
This tournament is the greatest anime crossover ever
a r e a l l y b i g f u c k i n g h o l e c o m i n g r i g h t u p
Fape Tlex
Frost is a great operator.....change my mind
Dida some see the gun on the foot o thermite
Play more with wildcat and marcel and tuxbirs
6 hours... 400k+ views. Nice
how you leave my mans sypher out the title fam cmon bajur you can do better
YA CANT KILL ME IF I KILL MYSELF FIRST! wait...
LMAO WILDCAT!!!
Lol I was at Wildcats stream for the team kill round and they lost the game ????
take a shower nerd
New oporator has a AR 15 can’t wait to see the jokes ??
Every time you misspell "more" as "moar", I start to eat my desk
BADGER TACHANKA HAD A NEW HEADGEAR AND ITS CALLED LORD BOYAR AND THE ACKNOWLEDGED LIRD AND SAVIOR TACHANKA CHECH HIS HEADGEAR SHOP DJDNSNSHDH
No Rae Sremmurd song? Its a bad song but cm'on!?
DEADASS.
Badger is the type of person to flex on flex tape by using glue
Get back on battlefield 1
Look whose last to join
I got the game thanks for the help I watch all of your vids and my second game ever I got seven kills and I had MVP two times that day keep up the amazing vids
You’re too fun to watch. Thank you for existing.
It actually depends if u can get good ive been playing for 3 years and am still not as good as anyone so ive just stoped ppaying
Frost is my girl
Batman coaching a 3rd grade soccer league we didn’t come here to win, we came here to have fun
Just bought siege and made a clutch on my first match because these vid help me thanks badger
U can hot breach with thermite charge
STOP THAT
I came from tuxbird
I know this might seem crazy to you guys... But, Fuze... Is.... A..... ... Woman...
Why does your hairline look like the McDonald’s arches?
Me, as a frost main feel attacked
I like the old team not these guys
I have a seal mask in Payday 2 for Pc that I named "MOAR BAJUR" and it's the most beautiful thing, Love the video's Bajur, thanks for the laughs.
How to seige. 1.delete 2.forget it's "community" exists 3.avoiding your friends that want you to download it again
So, Badger. When are you going to die?
I have badgers hairline
I hope you guys play more together after the event is over
Where do you get all those thonk emojis
Wiw
Bikini not going to like you calling Frost a bad operator
I'm so glad you're the one who got them two, cause the one thing them two are actually good at is laughing at their own mistakes and having a good time.
nahh
they've had the game for like a week and they're pretty good. I've had this game for almost 2 YEARS and I'm still trash
i dont wanna watch it due to the fact that wildcats in it, he complains about fucking everything
why am i a higher level than badgur?
therming
get a job guy
Team tuxbird.
Dude, play Fortnite with them and you could be friends with Ninja.
Badger you should really make a fortnite season 5 vid
Hi IsaaacBaby
Dear badger Pls tell me how 2 get renown fast
11:48 to 11:56 Man I've been playing Rainbow on Xbox for 2 years and I'm still pretty much shit. So plx tell me how I get good.
does it feels good that one of the biggest game companies chose you to make a sponsored video
I never noticed that he yelled in a firefight and whispered when not. Lol
Frost is good, gadget is like a 1%chance of working but her weapons are great
#MoarGrouse
this is probably the best 2 part add Goobysoft could ask for xD
Badger, Warface is out for Collecters Early Access pack on Ps4.
Macie and Shroud are going to destroy
What??!? Frost isn't a good operator? I'm insulted as a frost main. I'd show youu
yo aug 16 is my birthday
Didnt think this crossover would be as good as it is.
Love the vid with all my favourites siege youtuber (and marcel and wildcat)
8:43 I pissed myself from laughing
I thought Tux was like 12...
Murica
It's not free on PS4
When u were going for Sypher that window was Double frostmatted
Docs stim pistol is just an epi-pen for bullets
>tfw no grouse >feelsbadman
Play with shroud
NAAAAAAAANI FROST IS A GREAT OPERATOR
Marcel is sus af
‘Frost isn’t a good operator’ No, how dare YOU
Honestly, I don't enjoy Marcel and Wildcat as much as Grouse, Jello, Eekaj & co.
MOAR BAGEL MOAR
I truly want to know what's his fuze loadout
Thermite + ying = thing cause no one knows what this fucking spectile is
I'm a frost main :(
i love when these youtubbers play together
Some dude said he was watching the stream in game
Since when do nazis dab???
It sounds like he hates Tuxbird
Btw which Louis Vuitton x Supreme outfit is it ? I can't find it...
Tape
Have you seen the lord chanka bundle???
He’s level 152 wtf
Dude dont play with fortnite youtubers
Holy
Seal for tape
You guys should all still play together
you spelt more wrong 12:15
Wen will rainbow die
Not gonna lie. need more wildcat and marcel. love that you're branching out with other youtubers. Can't wait to see you in a vanoss vid with the rest of the crew.
Can someone tell me what dub means
I bought Jagers flying ace cause you made me like the game and cause I also bought the game too
Where can we find the "friendly competition" game between the teams??? I cant find it anywhere.
Hahahaha shrouds not gonna win
Frosts new frost trap looks so brutal
Did he not say cob or Evan
How are you level 152?
8:18 Never disrespect a frost main
well of course shroud and macie are gonna whin you dumb shit
Gotta love Macie.
Badger I have a request:tTeam fortress 2 I mean you made videos for overwatch,why not tf2
As echo u should throw ur drone then immediately spam/place ur deployable shield and then ur teammates can see u holding a shield and they can’t shoot ur body/face kinda
Do A Fugin DooM 4 Video Or You Gonna Burn In Hell, Slowly.
Even if U didn’t get shot trying to save sypher, there was another frost trap there Lol
Vex vape
guy from another country shoots into the air Any American:'MURICA Every American in a nutshell
no points for doing backflip... i will never find the perfect fps
You know better
YEEHAW
Frost is a great operator
good that serenity 17 isn't here as a mentor
There is no way Anthony Pit just came in my chat right now and said Lion is a balanced operator
Saw same gameplay in both Tux's and Badger's videos. Its so much fun to watch the same situation from 2 perspectives. Love you both. BadjurUFakeLMAO....
And if u play Xbox can u teach me
I love badger but it's heavily ironic to see someone who was bashing siege when it first came out because it was trying too hard to be like counterstrike and now that's all he plays. Elegiggle
Do u play xbox
Will you teach me the ways of siege senpai
This is a really smart movie by Ubisoft, if even one of them continues to play siege, that's a lot of eyes on the game. Now i wish they would fix the server issues in for honor and do the same there.
Rainbow should have more sights fir different guns like if u agree
badger frost elite coming in grim sky
Does anyone know the song in the outer I'm desperate????
NOW THAT'S A LOT OF DAMAGE!
B L Y A T
I watched wiled cats live stream
Sorry I was late
4:08 Capitão is Brazillian though...????
Please keep making videos more frequently I like all of them and keep watching them over and over and I watch the whole ads on the video and I just want to say keep doing what your doing.
FROST ISN'T EVEN A GOOD OPERATOR? YOU ABSOLUTE CUCK I'LL HAVE YOU KNOW SHE IS THE TRUEST OP EVER.
Yo is r6 worth it I might get it but idk
Where can i see y’alls game against each other
Favorite stream ever
“Im not going to like Rainbow 6” buys it “Fuck you Badger..”
KABOOOOM!!!
Im level 115 im still shit
What was that outro? Does anyone know it?
Wait is supper and wildcat new players as in free weekend?
Hey Badger when you get the chance check out the game Helldivers and do one of your play throughs/game reviews/explaining the game things the game is three years old but it is TONS of fun I’m mean you get to set up oil pumps in the game and calling in strafing runs that go BRRRRRRTTT and air strikes while smashing bugs/cyborgs/ basically a elite/ forunner (both from Halo) combo thing and do this all in the name of democracy, liberty, and super earth
So do have to pay for it after you get it for free? Like you get it and the next day do you pay or not
sub to twitch @ pjwaffle25
Use thermite and fuze with tux and the gang
why does NOBODY know how to pronounce capitão?
Lol its funny if you watch shroud he calls acogs "x4s"lul
A BIG FuKKKkKING HOLE COMING RIGHT UP
Two videos in a week N A N I !!!!!!!
good fucking luck against shroud and macie. you'll need it.
Im gonna say it...vanoss is dead
Pew pew huehue new operators woohew
I almost wanna grab this game. Unfortunately, my internet is..not what I'd call the best.
Running this game on a potato of a laptop, makes the hump, turn into a small hill
Capito?
Flexing on MURICA
Therminator the jewish eliminator
Capitao is next
What do u mean “Frost isn’t even a gud operator” TRIGGERED
All badger needs to post regularly is a sponser :/
Playing siege on mercy kill rules means if a teammate goes down... they down
These videos are my flex power
I would totally watch Tyler and marcel if they played siege more.
Does badger play ranked?
Damn all my favorite YouTuber‘s are collaborating
MOAR WILDCAT
Free weekend is BS i try playing rainbow on my ps4 and that shit says i need ps plus
Tbh sypher would probably try and build while being shot at
so when does badjur get ranked? ??????????
I’m here 3 hours after upload am I early...or late?
Fortnut fortnut
Do you’re not going to talk about that classic piece of “Dat Boi” from circa 1980 painting you got? Okay.
If it’s hard to flex on people use flex tape or flex seal to also cover the bullet holes that you’ve been talking.
I’ve been playing for 7 months and my level is 152 just like badger! Wtf??!?
Next video is capito
Murica yeah sure ! XD ????
It's AMURICA!!!!!!!!!
Well Cartoonz obviously won
Frost isn't a good operator???? SHES MY MAIN BRUH and after her is Valk. How dare YOUUUUUU.
Boneless air
When ya boi flex on u with his PREMIUM BOUNTY paper towels
To late FLEXES ON THESE NIBBAS
Siege sucks
8:17 MCSUSE ME BITCH
I love your videos??????
MOAR SEGIE BAJUR
Badger can u play battlefield again plz
Wait so Tux only won, one cas then? Thats a Fat R.I.P
MEME VIDEO ON TITAN FALL 2
'Ussia
Id start watching Wildcat again if he uploaded R6S as well instead of just Fortnut
No child left behind policy was left behind
Marcel chose capitao. CUZ HE BLACC
too bad you didnt get h2odelirious too
I got six for free...because of membership
Badger bfv now
Shroud/Macie, ez clap
Are you gonna do Hitman 2?
just had the most annoying game of my life. There was this guy who was talking shit in the chat all the time and it decided to talk shit back and after few rounds got banned for toxic behavior
I was in the stream for the first clip yay
BLYAT Fuse charge fires into room
"Frost isn't even a good operator." I got my first ace with her when most of our team had left in a ranked game yesterday. Them bear traps are my jam.
SMACKS LIPS
MURICA!!!!
10:43 i think watched that live lol
Ubisoft should sponsor Badger more because he's way mire active when they do and I fucken love it. It's like perfectly balanced rape between enjoyment and violence. Forget that last line please.
Macie Jay and shroud vs everyone
Lol shrouds almost diamond
Tux=Smii7y's brother
Badger should make a video about capitao
I did a lean left with Capitaio and I got a double pistol headshot
Who else saw the video of Badger playing with the 2 NFL receivers from the 49ers?
bloyat
Is it just me or are the videos getting better since Ubisoft started sponsoring Bajur.
Ying + Thermite = Territhying
Alright my money is on Cartoonz
I watched back when sypher was a eso youtuber
Play Escape from tarkov
I have only went against hackers during free weekend
i'm trying to get all my friends to buy the game because it's super cheap now and we all missed the free to play
Habana op
6 months ago badger was sponsored by epic to promote fortnite now he's sponsored by ubi to promote fortnite players to play R6
Do a video in the new Operation Logang
You dissed Frost. You must go now.
frost best girl
I would play siege... but I guess 3 months of not playing gets me a permanent toxicity ban... So I can't enjoy these videos anymore :/
Please don’t play with Tyler ever again not hate
robbie rotten
Don't you FLEX on my parade
does anyone know what lesion headgear that is at 10:16?
Says when one person uses thermite they have to use thatcher but uses habana
Badger you have upset me you are using the L85 on sledge
Woah 2 videos in one week?! You are going crazy m8!
Eeyup, you aren't cutting it any more. Un-subbed.
S Q U A D
Them fucking transitions tho
My guy where did you get that painting with the frog holding the wine glass. I need that right now
Little pumper
Love the wilder people reference “No child left behind “ ??
are you really russian if yes than ??????
It's yingmite. Cmon man, it's easy.
What kinda soup is that. ITS MOUNTAIN DEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEW
Pls do more videos like this bajur pls
Does anyone know what's gonna happen to the game after the free weekend if you downloaded the game during that time.
I watched this while shoving ravioli in my face
"free to play till august 19th" uploaded on the 19th
I'm sorry, Badger. Macie has this by the balls
MEMES NEVER DIE PEWDIEPIE!
Shroud is already plat 1 lmao
8:19 REEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE
I can't be the only one who calls fuze, fouseytube
You wildcat and Marcel should do moar seige together!
need rainbow on mac
Kill badger
THEY KNOOOOW BETTER
When you do a vid on maverick please dont mention logan paul papa badger
Al my favorite gamers and you tubers Altogether? Yep this is gonna be amazing
Finally another Blerger vicha.
Badger why do you dislike frost so much? I like her a lot. Although I am on console so the idea of a gun with like no recoil is op
FROST IS A GOOD OPERATOR ! Don't talk about my main like that
HOW DARE SAY THAT ABOUT FROST......SHE MEH BAE
Wtf does BM mean
Dude I wish Kyroz and smiity lead a group
Instead of therying/yingmite do “thing”
TuxBird = Discount SMii7Y (In-Joke if you watched the full stream XD)
sell out
How have you not made a joke about the smg11 and an ac130
EG vs G2 was great
1 day after the free deal ends i know that there was a free deal
I’m sry b but shroud
WILDCAT!!
0:40
Marcel took the black guy what a surprise!!
Thank God Clearance in safe. I thought badjur killed him, i mean he’s jealous of him ??
I hope wildcat and basically play with badger more often these videos with them are the tits
I'm going to sue you for saying frost is not a good oporater
i love how there was an ad for debating god before a badjuir vid
6:48 gotdamn Gucci louis three box logo
8:19 TRIGGERED
I like how moo ain’t in there lol.
I'm still trying to get over the hump badger......I'm level 135
I HAVE NO FRIENDS ON SIEGE SO I GET FLEX TAPE TO FIS MY PROBLEMS
That into rhyme tho..
5:33 triggered
Frost isnt even a good operator Me: screeches in Canadian
BLYAAAAAAT
>Original comment about Flex Tape
Fuck me
Beaulo should have been a mentor for someone
Frost is a god of an operator
“Frost isn’t even a good operator” im sorry Badger but I’m gonna have to disagree
*Yeetmite
Damn Badger you’ve really been treating us lately
Love your channel
Will you guys still be playing together?
the actual badjer is gud
Ahhh, another ??ideo from my favorite Siegetu??er. What? What do you mean he's covered other games?
Doc juicing himself is basically Demi Levato
TheRussianBadger : Frost ain't even a good operator... That ain't it chief.
CARTOONZ
that granade kill is the most amazing thing i have ever seen looooooooooool jeeeeeeeeez
Yo is that northernlion at 9:58 saying “HA” in chat?
After months of watching these videos im actually gonna buy this game
I took it to my house then i freak,t it
Did anyone spot the McDonalds logo at the end of the video? Hehe it’s his hairline
Badger put a swear word in a Ubisoft sponsored video... he better get banned for toxic behaviour ??
Bro stop droning in casual or I will ddos you
It’s been 8 months and I only get 1 kill 50% of games. Kill me
The Rag Sag Mag Tag SQAAAAAAAD
Yeetos
Remember when Russian Badger was a Battlefield youtuber
Where did you get that frog pitcure from?
badjur i see a lot dicks in reinforced walls in your future
I can say this enough but badger if funny as hell
Thermite mole glasses
When i saw i do works vid i was like chill corner v2
???oy I ???etter Get that ???apitao video
I really hope this means we’ll see more of Marcel and a wildcat in the few, not in like every video but enough that it satisfies us.
Mavericks aka penis maker
Yo mj and shroud together are going to win for sure
alibi made me hide from this game. i would rather not be confused if i should trust my own reflexes or not
N O W T H A T S A L O T O F D A M A G E !
I love the Transitions
As much as I love Shroud... He's not gonna fuckin win.
Is serenity in the tournament? that’d be sick
10:09 so we gon ignore that beautiful transition
Ayy, new video for once!!
FLEX ON THEM NO GOGGLE NIBBAS
i pull up youtube and all i see is therminator dabing
One of the best collabs in r6
I saw a couple of these on wildcats streams
THEMURICANBADGER
They don't think it be like it be, but it do.
"frost isn't a good operator" guess who's getting a new legendary skin
MAKE CROSSOUT VID
I dunno man I think Cartoonz or Tux will win, there both siege youtubers and they are both really good. And I haven't heard of the guy you said "Well of course this guy will win". So... I'ma have to go with Toonz or Tux.
Decent mentor more like good mentor and terrible friend make sure there is no cavities on the team cause suppressed sound DICKHEAD
I am now legitimately confused on whether or not it's flex tape or tape flex
MOAR!
are you gonna make a video for the twomad tournament?
I know it’s gud cuz badger is da best
shrood
OutSell
Sub to my channel plz
? ?????? ???? ?? ???????? ????????? ?????????
Seriously is cartoonz and tuxbird going to face MACIE JAY WTF who came up with this might as well put vanoss with noted????????
Light things on fire and make fun of a cyclops. Doom?
The thermite screaming sounded a lot like dipper from gravity falls
Do you think badger takes down the frog poster when a girl comes over ??
I hope you continue to play with wildcat and basically after this event. Who knows, maybe they'll introduce you to vanoss
:D a new video
Thermite + Ying = the thing
Free weekends are for reminding u that u should take a break from the game. Cuz its a fucking nightmare i almost blew my brains out watching free weekend players
Why did a video game so long
He has 14000 r6 credits
You look high in the end lmao
As you post this video I got two mbps and 3 aces in having a good day
Capitao is next!
MOAR BAHJER!!!
Bruh, yingmite. How did you manage to miss that combo, scrub?
BLEYET FUZE WINS AGAIN FOOK SPAGETTHI WOHMAN REEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE
Saw this in the discord
the operator's name is still not "capitao"
Badger can I get a shout out in ur next vid it’s my birthday today and I need a cheer up
7:50 oh, my heart
MOAR BAD BHAJUR
Seeing this on YT after seeing it on Twitch feels weird
Please get back the jello
Did marcel do the doo doo doo do doo from terminator??
Flex Tape will cause Soviet Union 2
Badger you nub at least give me a ? I've been trying to get noticed by you since operation white powe... White noise i mean...
3:43 You might as well just say Captain
next thing you know they're running 10-0
MURICA
Umm...this is NOT A LOT OF DAMAGE ZONE, PLEASE NO COLLETERAL DAMAGE Fuze: who said colleteral SMRSH?!
The worst things of siege are teamkilling and the random kicks
im gonna hvae to ask you to leave
R u gonna play bfv
Shroud and Macie are obviously..
I just smoked a rock through a nerf gun barrel
Chief, we need M O A R c o n t e n t with these two
Casuals amirite
THAS ALOTTA DAMAGE!!!!
You should play more with them
5:54 ABSOLUTELY NOT
DAB ON THEM HARTER WRYYYYH YEET
Badger were did u get the picture of the frog I want it
A REALLY BIG FUCKING COMING RIGHT UP 2 seconds later...... ya BOI MEGAMIND MUTE jams your shit mute you fucked up the Thatcher throws his air soft ball the therminator goes CMERE BOI GONNA MURDER YOU FAMILY Did someone say family where do they live says fuze round 1 lost Family K.I.A
Ain't Nobody like you badger
Marcel is so cringy
Welp, shroud is play one so that’s a gg
Thermite + Ying= Thing
It’s sad that they will go right back to playing fortnite and probably forget all about this happening. Rip good content
Play battlefield
You need to do more this is brilliant
3 badger videos in a month? Im dreaming right
What do you mean frost isn't good!!?
Shut Hecc Buxtird! o wait....
How did Cartoonz win? The man himself admits he's no good.
That's a lot a damage
Stream Squad?
How the fuck didnt shroud and macie win? Insert hmmmm fuze here
Can’t wait for the capi video
You need to make a valkerie vid
I frickin' love you and Wildcat!
A REALLY BIG FUCKING HOLE COMING RIGHT UP Phil Swift appears I SAWED THIS MARRIAGE IN HALF
Lol
late upload
Maybe the bandages that Thermite “wears” IS FLEX TAPE?? :o
We ever gonna get a video other than rainbow 6?
Hey badger u gonna do a dying light 2 video when it comes out?
Ive been trying seriously hard to like tux. Ma boi jamie is friends with some friends of mine in Arizona. But god damn. Badger my taped up chap, you just produce way better content. You should hit me up on siege too. Im a gold scrub. But i like to think im funny.
Badger has now accended into god tier YouTube’s status
So many noobs YaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaA
Tchanky Kang puts down Turret and says THIS MEANS I AM GOING TO KILL YOU!
why was nickmercs in it. he plays ps4
Im sure Macie Jay and the other guy will win.
Hi I’m phill Swift here from flex tape
Capitão vid confirmed! Please be true.
1.5 mil subs ?? like if you’ve been here since 100 k
8:16 “Frost isn’t even a good operator” yes her traps aren’t that good most the time but she is still a solid operator
Need more chanka vids
I just imagine Capito leaning left and using a tiny periscope taped to his acog to see it with his right eye.
Is it just me or does badger thermi fusion sound super badass? He sounds like gogeta at 0:15
ay chief 9:18 wit da shoutout
After seeing his trailer and gameplay, I can say Mavericks is a lit operator.
My pickup lines are r6 quotes. "Lights out" "biohazard detected" "all I know is that my six inch blade never loses reception" "Pushing forward" "big fucking hole coming right up!" "Heart beat detected" "cluster bomb ready" "cams online"
Honestly Badger, I love your editing style. Your videos never seem to have a dull moment.
flexs
got kicked for killing teammate about to be interrogated......
"Frost isn't a good operator." Whatttttt are you talking about.
I watched the entire stream and he used every single funniest clip
5:08 stream sniping. Check the chat box lower right
that video was hella sponsored
Macie's teammate already plays siege and hit plat 1
“uH BuT Im A fRoSt mAin”
You should play matches with bikini
RIP The Dream...
Luv u badger
Badjur you’re unranked lmao
Well offcourse shroud and macie are gonna win you dumb shii-.
I got my second ace today
Shroud is a fucking plat, they done for
SypherPK ? More like, StifferDQ.
the very big gay
Thermite+Ying combo isn't called "Therying" it is called "Theriffying" you are welcome...
Jesus, I did not see this one coming, great collarb!
Shroad and Macie lmao
Just a question but what Graphics Card do you use? U got good graphics
This brings me back to the old days when Badger was like Marcel and Wildcat. Especially with Ghost Recon Fuze.
How fat is badger's wallet with Ubisoft money?
Thermite walks up to a wall marries wall fucks wall baby walls
Badger when are you going NFL pro because that was a beautiful arc on that nade
Shout out to Isaaakbaby if anybody else saw him say Hi back!
GO BACK TO CANADA YOU STINKY BADGER ??????
Early Squaaa- Nvm, 11K Likes.
ima keep it real wit u chief
This is the best thing Ubisoft has ever spent money on.
A really big fucking hole coming right up fucking Thermite has been banned due to toxic behaviour
like the reds and blues from red vs blue
11:44 excuse me that's 'Munism.
Can shroud stay in his own lane plz. I don’t wanna see this wannabe everywhere. He already ruined Pubg for me.
It’s so satisfying to watch it on a badger stream then see it in the video
Dude...... YingMite
Light everything on fire, and make fun a cyclops? Is he playing Teamfortress 2
Haahhahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahah
I can’t stand getting hit in the head by someone with a stroke of luck and just dying.
What the fuck was that picture in the background at 12:20
Y have flex tape when you can have FLEX SEEL OH YEEEE DAWG THAT'S ALOT OF DAMAGE I SAWED MY FAQIN WEEDING RING
"No Flex Zone" AKA Badger Backpack Zone
Blyat Fuze wins ever time
CAPITAO VID BOIS!
"No go no zones"
Bahjer
Fuck yeah, your finaly doing Capital
Shroud has already played for like a month he’s winning
Ha ha ha no child left behind failed ha ha funny joke. Oh wait...
Oi! TheRussianBadger, there's a... Cav behind you!
Frost is the best operator in R6
TheAmericanBear
No team Serenity dansgame
Y'all prob don't care but check out my YouTube channel I will be posting lots of rainbow vids next week... thanks
VamosPenta!! oh wait...
What about yingmite
Each team has an ABSOLUTE GOD at the game Badger, Tux, CaRtOoNz oof where can I watch the onslaught of pro plays
@TheRussianBadger after the R6 event, you and the battle royale players: Marcel and Wildcat should play fortnite together.. Just an idea
????
When you put a lazersight on thatchers gun witch you can do
Phil swift here and hold fuck that’s a big hole
Anthony pit tried to join the game
Why no flex tape???
I’m getting a bit bored of his siege videos
Something actually worth wasting your day to
How do u not have a rank this late into the season
can you make a dead by daylight video it's a good game
can you make a dead by daylight video it's a good game
can you make a dead by daylight video it's a good game
can you make a dead by daylight video it's a good game
Glad to be the only person who finds these Fortnite infants annoying.
>be me a frost main >"frost isnt even a good operator" >at least i got a random headshot when i shot a random wall >i waited for someone saying that im hacking but noone said that im hacking and only said im lucky
Rae Stremmurd
I BLEW A REALLY BIG FUCKEN HOLE IN THIS WALL AND REPAIRED IT WITH ONLY TAPE FLEX
OoooooO Is that a capitao video coming up, I have been waiting for a video on him for a while now it's gunna be gooood
Bismo the autismo bizo
Frost is the best >.< AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA
Fookin in flight wifi mate
MOAR bahjer
? ?e???y ?ig ???ki?g ?o?e ?o?i?g ?ig?t ??
Why im a frost main
i want a badger to introduce me to Siege.
#notificationsquad
"You can't kill me if I kill me" is the most BADGER thing I've heard this year.
I can’t wait for Bajur vs cartoonz
YEET
THEEEEEEEY KNO BETTA!
Badger make a Buck video already, I’m getting my ass kick because I don’t know what the hell In doing with Buck. Plz
Hi
Shroud and Macie will 2 v Everybody... that'll be fair
Flex Seal...
You've gotta work on your "BLYAT", Badger
But did shroud win? Aka shrood or shrode
4:40
Yes
10:00 Hi Isaacbaby!
Shroud and macie will win you dumb shit
Who tf still watches vanoss
FUCKKIIJMFG PIN ME
Shroud and Macy gon won
Capitaio is chocolate rain new name use it next vid or i don't kill myself
Put h20 in here
10:24 thatsa me, Aspolode
My thermite died today :( 1 like = 1 prayer
three favorite YouTubers holy shet
What's the name to the outro song??
Get the fuck off my recommended you cringe fest.
Gets sponsorship uploads daily, HMMMMMMMMMMMM
2:56 Thermite's gun is in his left foot.
They know better
Papa bajur back at it again
Do you even siege bro
Shroud is decent at rainbow he's not that good though
I am so upset about what he said about frost
Tux is an idiot. Very funny and fun to watch but playing the game... I think badger is better.
We get it you vape
So I wasn’t subbed to you but I have watched you and now I subbed and turned notifications on because you intro lol fresh prince of belair
Ying too Gucci ????
5:32 As a sledge main...i am so mad you did not kill him with the hammer
Have u taught them the power of machine guns yet?
I missed the live stream, you guys actually won!!! That’s crazy.
Ubisoft better have paid well considering this is the best advertising they could have ever gotten.
Reeeeee
I'm Brazilian and I can say : THAT'S NOT THE WAY YOU SAY CAPITÃO !!! I'm pissed , sorry .
To show the power of flex tape I FLEW A PLANE INTO A TOWER AND TRIED TO TAPE IT BACK TOGETHER
Shroud is better at the game than badger not being funny he literally destroys teams and his aim is fucking insane
I recently bought rainbow can you give me tips to be better im not to good and i love your vids
Glad you are uploading twice a week dad
Flex tape
Is badger going to do tf2
I got this game 4 days ago, Any tips for me (I've been playing the game alot and I've I am LVL 41) Also if Thermite can't flex the KapKan flex (I'll go now)
Infinity war 2 best sequel ever me sees this video o my god
MOAR BADGER
im not new and i have 400 hours on the game and a set in stone playstyle but could you teach me how to play regardless?
Badger can I get a ummmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmm Merica
5:09 peep the stream snipers
Play PUBG you hieratic
Bajur when r u gonna do a BF5 vid you fookin weeb?
How ooof like new season?
Them this event ends and they go back to Fortnite and never play Siege again...
Well Shroud And Macie Didn’t Win...
Wildcat+Badger in siege ? only good things can happen
NO FLEX ZONE NO FLEX ZONE THEY KNOOWWW BETTER THEY KNOWEE BETTER
THAT LEGENDARY SELF-NADE.
STOP YOU HAVE VIOLATED THE LAW: THIS IS A NO-FLEX ZONE PAY. PLAY THE COURT OF OR SERVE YOUR SENTENCE
5:09 i think that orrack guy might’ve been stream sniping, dunno.
You can't kill me if I get to first
THE PERFECT COMMENT
A rEalLy BiG FukIng HolE iN ThE WaLl
Even tho i don't play siege anymore i still love watching badjur mess about!
Team ShrouJay
I absolutely hate Marcel.
I finally did it I went through all the attachments in the game tested what ones work great together and made some classes but all my shotguns use reflex sights
NUTTTTTTTTTTTTTT
Limited ads for to much soupyness
Ha flex tape more like flex seal
Can't wait for tomorrow
A REALLY BIG F U C K I N G H O L E
Frost is a good operator you jerk
And those guys never played siege again.
210% Certainty that next vid is about Capitao
MOAR BAHJUR
Thermite x Ying. The "THYNG" combo
I know this is just a promo for Siege, but if Marcel and Tyler started playing Siege I would 100% subscribe to them
7:50 I jumped
DAMN G3 won again
Ily bajer
Xdreyiji
Hype for clash and maverick
GG G2
Cartoonz is pretty good
you should queup with Cartoonz and ohmwrecker too plz
as a german guy who watches every vid you upload instantly (for years now), i am wondering where your cute little german outbreaks have gone badger!?
Ima be Pullin a casual 99% flex cheif
Play more with them i enjoyed this
I really big fucking BLAYT coming right up.
I wanna see badger's squad vs g2
Ay anyone notice that guy said “well watching the stream didn’t help.”
hey badger do you wanna play on ps4 i can play with you if you want to
>Royal
I just wanna watch Macie Jay and TheRussianBadger 1v1 for 5 matches.
Can we take the time to appreciate badger going into custom game 2 milking times to transition to gameplay from 3rd person to 1st person smoothly
No fam, you can't just act like everything's normal with that fucking frog in the background
Badger I miss your Battlefield 4 days, when you hit 1 mill aw man I feel old can you do 1 battlefield video, it doesn't matter which game, I love the battlefield bad company but the best thing about your channel was how many games you played and gave fun, funny and actually realistic opinions on games. I will forever stay subbed man just bring back a little of old badger. I LOVE YOU BOI NOT GET TO CRUSHING NORMIES AND EATING WARGAMING ASS, EXCEPT YOUR ALL OUT OF NORMIES. lol
CYKA BLYAT FUZE WINS
I wish i could play brother....but i goes no internet an no gmail sigh that I can use brother....need help..bc I wanna play as my Lord an saver hacker dok
Bajur, you should do more vids with theses people just because
Macie and shroud is a pretty overpowered team
YOU SAID WHAT ABOUT MY GIRL FROST???
3 videos in a week... wow I’m happy
The correct term to refer to a ying thermite combo is 'yeetmite'
Yay wildcat and cartoonz and marcel. And more know vanoss and play with him and vanoss player r6s when it came out that cool
“A really big SUCC coming right up” ????????
first firstttttt
LET'S go g2 fucking annihilated eg
Yo badger where can i get that painting?
eww your face is ugly dont show it again pls no offense tho
Russian wearing communist gear: shoots pistol into sky wildcat: "murica"
"I've learned from the 'no child left behind' policy to say 'fuck it' and just kill everybody" - Badger 2018
Continue playng white them man
Thermite + Ying = Thing? sure
Hell yeah here before 1000
Cough
Better not take long for the Maverick and Clash vids
how did they decide who won?
LETS GO LIKE FOR RAE STREMMURD NO FLEXIN
When i see siege on discount: GOD DAM this game aint worth SHIT for NOTHING
Does badger stream, if so where
Suc plz
The stream was kinda awkwurd
Frost is a great operator you shit, I mean probably not but its whatever
What's next Badger? Fortnite BR Season 5 vid?
I'm cut between bedjur and tux. The other group will be first out.
Fuck You, not gonna pin now r u?
What is that frog painting in the background badger xD
69K views
Down vote because of the wrong stereotype with that Capitão impersonation.
A REALLY BIG FUCKING HOLE COMING RIGHT UP
Early ??
In all honesty u need to play with marcel and wildcat more cause honestly these 2 vids with them are some of the best content on this channel... honestly
Thermite + Ying = Thing
LETS GO G2
Is Frost's specialty bear traps? Or the fact that no one plays her that she can put her trap in the middle of a room and no one notices it
Badger can u read your messages in the main menu it's very disturbing to see them "unread" Icon thingy
Hi badger do a lord tachanks vid pls. Also i like your vids
C:
A no FLEX TAPE? Also I love you bajur
According to you, what happened the most in these last 2 videos 1-badger carrying marcel and wildcat 2-badger thanking ubisoft for sponsoring these videos ????????????
These guys are the best trio
Do more with tux
If you did a live you should post it on YouTube the entire thing
All Flex Zone
WHAT I AM FORTNITE NOT PLAYING FORTNITE?????????
if yall watched the paris majors well, frost's elite skin bear trap looks INSANE
Get that money daddy
MOAR
BOI
A really big fucking carry coming right up.
God. Every time I see Thermite, it reminds me of the saying, "I cut a big fucking hole in this wall!"
10:03 hi issacbaby
“Frost isnt a good operator” you my sir have never seen a good or been a good frost
Stay lowwwwwwwwww
Ying+thermite=Yosemite
Badger would carry shroud
Where’s the new operators
G22222222222
Maverick gonna melt the competition Clash is gonna cock block the competition
Seal flex
???????????? ??????
Now that’s a lot of damage
Heck yes, pls more fortnite
Badger what do you think on pee pee hole maverick
How did it feel to teach literal fetuses how to play siege
I’m 48 minutes late so daddy badger will not pin me.
Police line:do not cross no it's FLEX LINE:DO NOT CROSS
Legend has it that bajur will heart your comment if you ask nicely Please hert me bajur
Please do more vids with them this was fucking hilarious
Badgers thing he says "we did it fella's"??
BOOGR FINNALY UPLOAD MAOR
Woahhhhh that so cool that marcel and I am wildcat is playing with theRussianbadjur woahhh
So glad you had the 2 goofs in your team, just perfect chemistry . Also glad you got more recognition for your content, definitely deserved from them popular Fortnite nerds.
5 views it said hmm
Russians will be Russians, Americans will be Americans. 11:24
Hello person in the chat at 9:55 I'm not YouTube but I'm watching via YouTube soooooo
Doo dew doo dew do.... ONLY IN BATTLEFIELD
T.....H...a.....t......S A L........o.........t OF DAMAGE
Please tell me your next vid is going to be about the leaks about the new operators...
Ay can you like block web comics cause I’m just trying to see some C o n t e n t and not fucking GAY MANGA
Yeet
i was that default
Hiiiiiiiii
That Art in the backgound is delicious.
I appreciate the Shazbowl reference.
hey badger why you keep moving to different places yo
A really big fucking gun coming right up
Cmere daddy badger
100% shroud will cheat
when badger forgets hes immune to flashes as ying
What if you flex on Flex Tape?
Tape with the flex
Daily uploads? Like for badger to notice me
A realy big bowl of chef-boi-RD coming right up.
Is the Russianbager gonna join the banana bus gang
4:35 I got that skin I love that mp5 skin
Do one with vanossgaming
i was watching this live on basically channel
Already a new video Nice
Wow 651 renown!
I don't know why, but these past few vids made me feel a bit warm inside. ......weird.....
Great fucking videos dude. I love the third person-ish perspective outside a window before the clip plays. Keep it up B.
I’m just waiting for Badger to make a Clash Bald Head Joke
Does anyone know how can I change the sever that I play on cuz playing on EU makes me want to kill myself
More badger and wildcat? HELL YEAH
"CLEAR TAPE" 2017 Not Eekaj
Today’s my burthday
dank a rap vid m8
"a lot moar fun"
CLARENCE
I wish vanos got to play also badger ying + thermite =thing
I hope u guys play more siege together
Mentor? More like cheese connoisseur amirite fellas?
That royale song dough
Yessssssssssss
Good vid bagger
Wtf was that floating wood I the back round at 10:00 it’s happening in my game to
Hex flex
MURICAA FUCK YEH
Its looking like you cant actually carve holes in walls with the blowtorch. I looked at some gameplay and according to him you could just make sight lines. Its also really quiet. I WENT TO LINK THE VIDEO AND IT WAS COPYRIGHTED BY UBISOFT!!! ??????
MORE VIDS THESE ARE AWESOME!
You won’t pin this
A rather large opening arriving shortly.
You need to calm down bagger
patching up that bo boo*
god's plan
I want to see you play with shroud
Flex Tape Jokes incoming
You are the best kind of mentor cx
Tuxbird sounds like smity
Y'all some casual tryhards
Reported for child abuse
I CUT A BIG HOLE IN THE WALL TO SHOW THE POWER OF FLEX TAPE!
New oparator Bill maze abalitie puts tape flex on reinforced wall (no big hol coming right up) defense attack *i sawd this boat in half skirt srkting around in a boat
Make tachankychang the god 2 plz
I need a playlist of bahjers outro songs.
Here in 10 minutes
That's a lot of damage.
Russia is the Alpha Beta Version of 'Murica
More dunkey
Badger try a different grip on fuzes ak
This zone you may not flex in
when wildcat yells he sounds exactly like sp00nerism
NO ZONE FLEX
You should add more songs in b/w like you used to do before....
Badger sounds like a proud dad Moar büjer
Trippin
Thats a lot of damage
BITCH LASAGNA
I've been watching Badger since his channel started but its so fucking obvious now that he's just milking this channel for money. I can't remember the last time Badger uploaded a video that wasn't sponsored. Seriously, talk about being a sellout. Byeeeeeeee Badger
Cool vid badger
vro b in g fucking hole coming right up
His FOV being 45 has to be my favorite joke in Siege now.
YAAAA NEW VIDEO!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
The NO FROZE ZONE HAHA GOTEEEM
Aye yo badger any division videos????
Do You Like JAZZZZZZZZ!?!?!?!
9:59 Hello
Ima just ask , Does this game just disappears once the free weekened is done
Cant wait to see badjur crushing Shred
12:21 it looks like Clarence is thinking of eating you or just at :0:0:0
Lol shroud is already a plat and takes the game as serious as macie jay.
SO MUCH BADGER CONTENT, SO LITTLE TIME
I Hate this! You Can Have The Game Over the weekend! On Play Station You Downald the 10% of The game ... So You Can Enter in the game. But the 90% is downalding still And the both take a fucking Day. Thanks Ubisoft!
Yes flex zone
I may not be able to flex but I can still YEET
Shroud and Macie are going to win ! Im sure of it ! Let's be honest badger , It's you all alone against all of them because there is no way that these two noobs who stopped sweatin on fortnite and came to team-up with you because of the ubi-money are gonna offer you the teamwork that you deserve and you need !
* flexes*
M A R C E L
Shit this gets funnier
Boneless Jelly
Badger rearranged his apartment
Y A L L K N O W I B E F L E X I N
I finally got rainbow six siege
Flexfuck
Will there be more videos like this with wildcat and marcel? (That is if they’re willing to play)
31k veiws after 20 mins lmao
Gg
I was waiting for dis
Blyaaaaat cyyyyka
I liked this vid as soon as I opened it then I heard the "frost isn't even a good op" then I realised IT'S TIME TO PLAY 28 HOURS OF NON-STOP FROST EDIT IT ALL TOGETHER AND, PROVE, YO, ASS, WRONG
3:29 "happend" harharhar im so funy
I watched the stream and it was that good I decided to watch the video boi you outplayed Tux with that frag grenade suicide
imma keep it real wit'cha chief, I MAIN FROST!! :P Love the vids keep it up. <3
im so happy that a new video came out because the whole day I was watching 1 year old rainbow six videos from you
Oh and btw whats the song called during the end of the video ?
Those seamless transitions are prety dope !
Well i tried Siege during this free weekend and i suck at the game lol but i love the game
I just made a huge dump
shrouds already in plat 1
"You can't kill me if I kill myself first YEET" -RussianBadger President for 2020
Is that a JoJo's reference?!?
I saw wildcat s stream and I know you are making a capitaio video
Wanted to see macie flex on yall
Bruh my birthday is August 27th....
lol I got a fortnite ad
For future reference wildcats name is Tyler
Why is my Pp hard.
We Know Better
Eh another vid.
Flex Seal Tape Boat Nico Nico Nii
Shrouds a fuqin plat 1 bois
IM'MA KEEP IT 100... WIT'CHU CHIEF... THIS AIN'T IT.
1.5 mil
new power triple wilddowrkagder
707 comment 42,940 view
Fuze=sprit animal
Badger could be in a Vanoss video... my life has meaning again
I watched the stream from Wildcats pov it was aight.
Here for a good time? Every time I play with my friends it always ends in a screaming disaster and who’s better than the other
Hello
Karmin (ft. Watsky) - No Flex Zone
Tux/Bajur are bassically the most fun players in the whole 35 mil fanbase jk
Woops woops a new vids
i like that capitao just keeps two hot dogs in hes right pocket...
Let's see flex tape fix a thermite hole
Oh my god these guys are gonna go up against CaRtOoNz and Nick? Ooh this gonna be intriguing.
Capitão in portuguese=captain
Tex Fape
Never pressed on a video so fast.
“Decent mentor” Flashback to Twomad’s tournament ”YOU JUST HAVE TO DO THE DUMBEST SHIT, BUT TRY AS HARD AS YOU CAN DOING IT”
Let them teach u royale battle
MURICA
Give us some r6 siege keys
Froist mains be Mad
First Flexser
"A REALLY BIG FUCKIN TAPE-FLEX COMING RIGHT UP!"
Can someone explain to me why hung and thermite aren’t just called Thing?
Thermite with the clout goggles
screaming+headphones=mental rape
Bustin a wall more Mike bustin a but
wheres the capitao video???????????????????????? lol nevermind i just saw the end of the video ok thank you badjer.
you insult frost now I dislike ;(
CDNthe3rd should've been in there and gone on a rampage. Badger make Ubisoft give us what we all really want.
Yay new badger video
oof
They’re gonna think half the operators are memes and the other half are broken lmao
I sawed this boat in half
Badger didn’t wanna flex his carries so he said the characters names
F L E X
Battlefield 1 video please?
Cool outro :)
Bro I love these videos not to mention how helpful your advice are
How can bajur not f l e x
its funny that sypher just got ignored for the intire video
Reeeeeeeeeee
MOAR FUN
New strat: Electric Avenue, you need Bandit, Meastro, and the new Clash. Use all four batteries on wire around obj, Evil Eyes in a position that you can see the wire, and Clash in the area so that when the enemy’s are in the area she steps into the area to distract the enemy and when in range of the Evil Eye you start shooting them, and hopfully they can be baited into the bandit wire, thus shocking them from 3 different directions.
A really big fuckin hole for flex tape coming right up
I want operators videos. Not those for free weekend noobs.
Can We All universally agree Badjur has best outro rythem sounds in every video
No the the thermite ying combo is "Thing"
VERSACE
thx for telling us that the game is free to play "uploads on 19th August"
OTHER RECORDINGS Almost heaven, West Virginia Blue Ridge Mountains, Shenandoah River Life is old there, older than the trees Younger than the mountains, blowing like a breeze Country roads, take me home To the place I belong West Virginia, mountain mama Take me home, country roads All my memories gather round her Miner's lady, stranger to blue water Dark and dusty, painted on the sky Misty taste of moonshine, teardrop in my eye Country roads, take me home To the place I belong West Virginia, mountain mama Take me home, country roads I hear her voice, in the morning hour she calls me The radio reminds me of my home far away And driving down the road I get a feeling That I should have been home yesterday, yesterday Country roads, take me home To the place I belong West Virginia, mountain mama Take me home, country roads Country roads, take me home To the place I belong West Virginia, mountain mama Take me home, country roads Take me home, down country roads Take me home, down country roads
Badger thicc
Basger your more of a thonker then a mentor
Are you gonna make a videos about season 5 on Fortnite?
Been playing the game cuz the free weekend, think im definitely pick it up
how do you have more comments then views ??
badger can you do a video on every map?
Anybody Else Miss Captain Cargo Shorts?
Collab’s like this make my thermite charge spark
I walk to flex on paraplegic people, I see to flex on blind people, I hear to flex on deaf people
Good shit
Thermite + Ying = thing
Why does macie need shroud
Technically the 1080 in 1080p refers to the height. So Marcel should have said he watches in 960p horizontal.
BLYAT
Yo the only thing I'm ever gonna draw on reinforced walls are dicks
9:58 Were they playing against Nothernlion and company?
I love u
I love how your uploading more but do you still find bf1 fun cos I need some Dicey shit
More war thunder pls
Frost has the best elite skin
I’ll help them if there on Xbox then I’ll 1v1 ANY ONE
A badger and a cat shoot things and yell v2
Will you pay my internet bill so I can play siege again
Let's go bagder do do do do do
yea and despite it being FREE WEEKEND, i STILL matched with god damn PLATS !!!!!!!
SypherPK and Badger in the same vid... holy shit this can’t be real
5:33 perfect chance to sledge him and you missed it, tragic.
32 thousandth
Rae summar
La di da di da
So when’s siege doin Royale boi?
7:47 dw there’s a second bear trap right in front of him anyway
Next up, wildcat teaches badger how to play battle royale
A REALLY BIG FUCKING HOLE COMING RIGHT UP!
Shroud and macie ezpz lemon squeezy
Cyka Blyat yeah now that's music in
Im birb piou piou
rip those random game videos that are hilarious
shrod to good he uses clear FLEX TAPE
And the inside is completely dry
I hope they start actually recording this game and uploading it cause that would be pretty fun to watch on their channels.
Don’t pin this
Moar bagel
Frost got a new elite skin
Seal Flex
Wait wasn’t lupo in here too? Or was he just playing by himself to just learn the game.
Only 29k views sweet!
That’s a lotta damage!!!!!
I
Fav youtubers all in one vid i love this
Oh Tyler...you special little Human Torch you.
Great video badger
Have you heard about the new operator's
Flex Zone
Does mute put flex tape on his mouth?
I think...we need some mothafuging flex tape clear for this shit
flex tapE z0n3
I love this video
Badger I found a new tactic it’s called fuzing it or moving it it’s fuze and lion . Fuze and time your lion drone with It l And they will definitely die or get scanned so its very nice
I can’t believe people still play this crappy game honestly it’s a joke
shroud and maice jay r gods
Honestly I am very excited that siege is getting a bigger audience because then we can push them to fix ranked
OMG YES MOAR BADGER MOAR yay YEEEEEES
can you tell Ubisoft to get there crap together, I cant connect to Ubisoft servers. THX
Tux comes to safe all This is a No-Flex-Zone! Tux has left the game
0:34 lmao
This is ‘MURICA
Badger, you wanna talk about how you have that much r6 credits?
Flexing with my tape
Holy shit
Any tips for training my battle royal friend that is new to rainbow?
Here come dat boi
Aint nobody like these group of idiots. Because they have skills, style and comedy!
I was the 2,767 like so...
EARLY
Early Gang
T H A T S A L O T T A D A M A G E
“Ahhhhhhhhh explosions” thank god he used such coded language so the enemies wouldn’t know what’s happening ??????
Goofy Shit right there
Don't tell anyone but when I'm home alone I cover myself in vaseline And pretend I'm a slug
Chichen Nuggest
With Maverick will be: "A really big fucking PENIS coming right up"
No child left behind < No survivors
No flex
No f l e x
Really big dick coming right up
A REALLY BIG FUCKING HOLE
Did you really just not call a thermite ash combo the thing
Plz do a capitão video
Dude i can't wait for your videos on Maverik and Clash
How much money ur r making from this and can I get some pls.
Tape clear
Thermite can't penetrate Flex Tape
Mid sentence Thanks for goobisoft for sponsoring I dropped my phone and screamed sellout
There's a glaz on the wing, Spencer.
yo stop collabing with these posers
Maverick is basically an artistic hard breacher in my opinion
Notification squad
That moment when they stream snipe and still lost with mad disrespect from Badger
Next video TF2 video?! Is that what you meant in the outro?
I remember this stream, had to leave Marcel’s and hop onto Badger’s because his chat was pretty much aids
yo bajur do you plan on playing with these guys in the future?
Everybody knows frost with the silenced sub machine is the way to go
Bajur is now full on tom hanks
yeeeeeeeeeeeet
jokes on u Bajur Frost got an Elite skin
Fape Tlex
When you’re early and you try to comment something funny to get pinned by bajur
I watched his stream
Play with that group more
When Badger said 8:17 but after the elite skin he has to make a video about her. spoiler alert she is going to be hot.....
My Daily dose of cancer
Love how fast the vids are coming! Keep it up
My nephew calls black people, Chocolate Men.
Im PrEtTy GoOd
BLYAT
Fuck no
Hi, Phil Swift here with Flex Tape! The super-strong waterproof tape! That can instantly patch, bond, seal, and repair! Flex tape is no ordinary tape; its triple thick adhesive virtually welds itself to the surface, instantly stopping the toughest leaks. Leaky pipes can cause major damage, but Flex Tape grips on tight and bonds instantly! Plus, Flex Tape’s powerful adhesive is so strong, it even works underwater! Now you can repair leaks in pools and spas in water without draining them! Flex Tape is perfect for marine, campers and RVs! Flex Tape is super strong, and once it's on, it holds on tight! And for emergency auto repair, Flex Tape keeps its grip, even in the toughest conditions! Big storms can cause big damage, but Flex Tape comes super wide, so you can easily patch large holes. To show the power of Flex Tape, I sawed this boat in half! And repaired it with only Flex Tape! Not only does Flex Tape’s powerful adhesive hold the boat together, but it creates a super strong water tight seal, so the inside is completly dry! Yee-doggy! Just cut, peel, stick and seal! Imagine everything you can do with the power of Flex Tape!
I’m a pogan lauler
LOVE THE FREQUENT POSTS
They know better
shroud is almost diamond
Check out this app ?? sweatcoin.org/i/j6cobaxy ... It pays for walking
Imma be real wit u cheef everyone is flexing on vigil right now
Thermite+Ying=thing or therming
Yes
Am triggered when he said frost isn't that good of a operator
UEAH
Yeetski
50 dollars says tux kills badger
where did you get that frog painting in the back round
The fuq you mean frost isn’t a good operator?
can we replace buck's knife with a hockey stick?
Badger frost gettin a elite skin so she your argument is invalid
Another badger video within a couple days
Where is grim sky content
Tux is just Badgers autistic little brother
YOU CAN'T GET TO ME IF I GET TO ME FIRST
THAT'S A LOT OF DAMAGE
It really be like that
i would make a flex tape joke bu there is far to many of them seriously can humans make a interesting joke
Stoopid facking youtubers internet wins
18k in 12 minutes. Nice
Yah sex is cool but what about getting unbanned from badgers discord
did you just say that frost isnt good ? OH BOI you wrong
CYKA BLYAT
Neato Yeeto
BLYAT It do be like that some time
Nebro faggamous
Badger, I play on Xbox but I was wondering if you could teach me how to play I got the game awhile ago but I’m bad at defense and offense
Dont wear supreme in the flex zone
bugder, ie luv yu
Tape Flex ZONE
Aye slick rick remex
Flex TAPE
Go Spend some Quality time at a River To FLEX on Zofia
Here before posted on Badger's Discord
My head hurts bad
11:47 this zoom in is awkward
0:14 Bill cipher confirmed as new operator?
hey badger im fairly new can you maybe teach me how
Stop sleeping badger..... you need to upload a grim sky video!
I like how wildcat has played siege before this and is most well know for Gmod, but still counts as a royale player
Bager
Hi IssacBaby
I started playing rainbow six siege cus of you Thx for how to siege did not need it or kinda
I bought the complete edition of rainbow six with the 50% off and im still poor, give me some if dat flex tape to fix my crippling financial struggles... please
Thermite X Ying= THING
U ordered a hole were is it
Flex tape
THEY KNOW BETTER
When you have nothing you flex so you flex your flex tape
Fix thermites holes with flex tape
B R O F U-
Bajur stop uploading siege and go back to playing christian minecraft plz
Fuck yee boi
As early as 10 minutes, AND I'm stoned af? This is gonna be godlike
This is babysitting 101
Yeet
get the $40 version
Heart me
Bajur you better miss me with that no-flex shit. Boi got the new i p h o n e 3
Only commies dislike
A BIG FUCKING HOLE COMING RIGHT UP!
Hey badger I'm going to Africa with hamburgers and eat them so I can flex on starving kids
That why thermite is my main
Do mafia 3
next up rainbow six does royale
How is there more likes than views
Badgers hairline hairline deeper than Dusty divot! ????
Anyone else thought that these videos were going to include Chaboyy?
MOOAAAARRRRR
Had to do it to em’
THAT'S ALOTTA DAMAGE!
No please no wilcat
14k views in 8 minutes, jeezus
Early squad is all here
seal
No sex zone!!
Play For honor
therming
Or thering wich when you remove the h becomes a disease in my language
Well of course Shroud and Macie are gonna win u dumb sh-
oh god always happy to see you in my notifications bro
Thermcher? I barely know her
8:20, STOP THAT ??
Samoyed Are Cute .Samoyed Are Cute .Samoyed Are Cute .Samoyed Are Cute .Samoyed Are Cute .Samoyed Are Cute .Samoyed Are Cute .Samoyed Are Cute .Samoyed Are Cute .Samoyed Are Cute .Samoyed Are Cute .Samoyed Are Cute .Samoyed Are Cute .Samoyed Are Cute .Samoyed Are Cute .Samoyed Are Cute .Samoyed Are Cute .Samoyed Are Cute .Samoyed Are Cute .Samoyed Are Cute .Samoyed Are Cute .
I played the game first during the free weekend and I main Fuze because I’m trash and need to fire ‘nades through walls before charging in
Bajur, can you teach us how 2 comedy?
TheRainbowSixBadger
Who would win? One of the best pc players in the world with over ten thousand hours on fps games alone or or one Russian boi
PLAY FOR HONOR
Please do more tux bird collabs! I love both of you so much and love it when U work together
First
Thx for doing more of this
I’m tux here for tape flex
Flex Seal
Love ur fuking vids
Fact: vigil is short for vigilante, this could be a reference to Ubisoft's previous game, watch dogs were you play as a vigilante who hacks cameras so he is not seen by them.
Dos glasses man
Eat the flex seal family of products you can.
THAT’S ALOT OF DAMAGE!
Hello am 48 year man from somolia. sorry for my bed england. I selled my wife for internet connection for play "ranbaw sicks" and i want to become the goodest player like you I play with 400 ping on brazil server and i am silver rank. pls no copy pasterino my story.
Yeet
Fucking BUFF the revolvers sound
Your videos are so well done, keep it up man :)
Of course shroud and mcjay is gonna fookin win duh
"WHERE IS THIS GUY!!" The main line of r6
YEES
boi
Personally I think even "badger" is too long. I'd just say "bad"
i want to commit suicide
Boobs
Y O I N T
E A T THE F L E X T A P E
Ya’ll ever just not flex to flex on flexing ni??????as
E
Of course my shroud and Mc gonna win the event. But Badger and Team lose with laughter
Because of the free weekend I got 2 aces in one game
Taep Fexl
Why does nobody use capitaos lmg?
Dude you’re fucking hilarious you make my day 10 times better keep it up dude
This free week thing made playing the game a absolute nightmare because all the new players coming put the servers on so mutch stress i was kicked from matches via connection failure all the time
Imma be real with you chief and just say that Maice Jay going to be flexing on you with aces!
Best way to wake up
Yes a new vid
Bajurs content is equivalent to how god of an operator Chanka is
Decent mentor...sure
Anybody else think Sypher didn't really belong in that group?
Phil is literately the second embodiment of Jesus Christ
Holy shit that title is a throw back.
If i see any of yall Flex on me in Rainbow Battle royale Siege im Dead Ass gonna waste my money skins
Really big B O N E L E S S pizza coming right up!
why cant i get a like from badger
Uploaded 1min ago for me and its has a fuck tune of views
Dang only 4 minutes and already 8k views
Thermite: To show the power of flex tape I blew a hole in this wall
I made a texture pack where reinforcements are flex tape and tachanka is in a life of boris shirt
385th
I love you badger. Give me your badger babies
Well this is the story all about how I taught some new kids from batle royal
watchin in 360p
TO TEST THE POWER OF FLEX TAPE I MADE A REALLY BIG FUCKING HOLE THATALOTOFDAMAGE
Nick and Luke won yay
YEET
hi badger, you sticky fuck
First like and holy shit keep wild cat he is funny yo my man's need a YouTube channel for wild cat instant sub
What about tony
Flex tape can't fix my broken soul tho
Im watching this at 9 11 am
This is so fucking awesome!??
Flape tex
Interesting
I was watching badger’s finka video just chilling then I saw this holy grail pop up in my notifications
One flexy boi
Why the fuck my pee pee hard
who else struggles to make original comments
Hi Phil Swift here for Flex Tape! The super strong waterproof tape that can instantly patch, bond, seal, and repair! Flex Tape is no ordinary tape. It's triple thick adhesive virtually welds itself to surfaces, instantly stopping the toughest leaks. Leaky pipes can cause MAJOR damage, but flex tape grips on tight and bonds instantly. PLUS, Flex Tape's powerful adhesive is so strong, it even works underwater! Now you can repair leaks in pools and spas without draining them. Flex Tape is perfect for marine, campers, and RVs. Flex Tape is super strong and once it's on, it holds on tight. And for emergency auto repair, Flex Tape keeps it's grip even in the toughest conditions. Big storms can cause big damage, but Flex Tape comes super wide so you can easily fix large holes. To show you the power of Flex Tape, I SAWED THIS BOAT IN HALF and repaired it with only Flex Tape. Not only does Flex Tape's powerful adhesive hold the boat together, but it creates a super strong, water-tight seal so the inside is completely dry. YEE DOGGIE! Just cut, peel, stick, and seal. Imagine everything you can do with the power of Flex Tape!
I'M HERE TO BRING YOU, FLEX TAPE
OMG ITS SREMMURD RAE
Badger plz it's 2 am and I'm tired
5.8k views in 5 minutes ??
How the hell did so many already comment when this vid has be out for 3 mins
Hi badger nice vid man keep up the great work man
I honestly don’t know what to comment Then how did I write this me.... ??
A REALLY BIG FUCKING HOLE COMING RIGHT UP
1:24 my boy looks t h i c c
Best video
Play the new rainbow siege operators already. ! They just came out right now!
hi dad
I feel like I’m the only one that gets annoyed by the douchebags guest staring on the show they kinda seem like youtubers for kids that are like 14 and below
This must be one of the greatest team of utubers who ever lived lol
Me too
Badger uploading moar than usual? Its a miracle
my name jeff
Y E E T
Ayy lmao .jpg
First
Ich mag Geiseln töten Read More
sees a Russian badger notification Literally clicks on it as fast as a hummming bird flaps its wings
A REALLY F@CKING HOLE COMING RIGHT UP
Any tips 4 gameplay as I am getting the game soon
SHROUD GONNA WIN YOU DUMP SHIT
new AR 15 is a 50 cal confirmed overpowered must ban in America #moreguncontrol
Yeet
first view
MULTIPLE REALLY BIG FUCKING HOLES COMING RIGHT UP! A REALLY BIG FUCKING HOLE COMING RIGHT UP! A REALLY BIG FUCKING HOLE COMING RIGHT UP!A REALLY BIG FUCKING HOLE COMING RIGHT UP!A REALLY BIG FUCKING HOLE COMING RIGHT UP!A REALLY BIG FUCKING HOLE COMING RIGHT UP!A REALLY BIG FUCKING HOLE COMING RIGHT UP!A REALLY BIG FUCKING HOLE COMING RIGHT UP!A REALLY BIG FUCKING HOLE COMING RIGHT UP!A REALLY BIG FUCKING HOLE COMING RIGHT UP!A REALLY BIG FUCKING HOLE COMING RIGHT UP!A REALLY BIG FUCKING HOLE COMING RIGHT UP!A REALLY BIG FUCKING HOLE COMING RIGHT UP!A REALLY BIG FUCKING HOLE COMING RIGHT UP!A REALLY BIG FUCKING HOLE COMING RIGHT UP!A REALLY BIG FUCKING HOLE COMING RIGHT UP!A REALLY BIG FUCKING HOLE COMING RIGHT UP!A REALLY BIG FUCKING HOLE COMING RIGHT UP!A REALLY BIG FUCKING HOLE COMING RIGHT UP!A REALLY BIG FUCKING HOLE COMING RIGHT UP!A REALLY BIG FUCKING HOLE COMING RIGHT UP!A REALLY BIG FUCKING HOLE COMING RIGHT UP!A REALLY BIG FUCKING HOLE COMING RIGHT UP!A REALLY BIG FUCKING HOLE COMING RIGHT UP!A REALLY BIG FUCKING HOLE COMING RIGHT UP!A REALLY BIG FUCKING HOLE COMING RIGHT UP!A REALLY BIG FUCKING HOLE COMING RIGHT UP!A REALLY BIG FUCKING HOLE COMING RIGHT UP!A REALLY BIG FUCKING HOLE COMING RIGHT UP!A REALLY BIG FUCKING HOLE COMING RIGHT UP!A REALLY BIG FUCKING HOLE COMING RIGHT UP!A REALLY BIG FUCKING HOLE COMING RIGHT UP!A REALLY BIG FUCKING HOLE COMING RIGHT UP!A REALLY BIG FUCKING HOLE COMING RIGHT UP!A REALLY BIG FUCKING HOLE COMING RIGHT UP!A REALLY BIG FUCKING HOLE COMING RIGHT UP!A REALLY BIG FUCKING HOLE COMING RIGHT UP!A REALLY BIG FUCKING HOLE COMING RIGHT UP!A REALLY BIG FUCKING HOLE COMING RIGHT UP!A REALLY BIG FUCKING HOLE COMING RIGHT UP!A REALLY BIG FUCKING HOLE COMING RIGHT UP!A REALLY BIG FUCKING HOLE COMING RIGHT UP!A REALLY BIG FUCKING HOLE COMING RIGHT UP!A REALLY BIG FUCKING HOLE COMING RIGHT UP!A REALLY BIG FUCKING HOLE COMING RIGHT UP!A REALLY BIG FUCKING HOLE COMING RIGHT UP!A REALLY BIG FUCKING HOLE COMING RIGHT UP!A REALLY BIG FUCKING HOLE COMING RIGHT UP!A REALLY BIG FUCKING HOLE COMING RIGHT UP!A REALLY BIG FUCKING HOLE COMING RIGHT UP!A REALLY BIG FUCKING HOLE COMING RIGHT UP!A REALLY BIG FUCKING HOLE COMING RIGHT UP!A REALLY BIG FUCKING HOLE COMING RIGHT UP!A REALLY BIG FUCKING HOLE COMING RIGHT UP!A REALLY BIG FUCKING HOLE COMING RIGHT UP!A REALLY BIG FUCKING HOLE COMING RIGHT UP!A REALLY BIG FUCKING HOLE COMING RIGHT UP!A REALLY BIG FUCKING HOLE COMING RIGHT UP!A REALLY BIG FUCKING HOLE COMING RIGHT UP!A REALLY BIG FUCKING HOLE COMING RIGHT UP!A REALLY BIG FUCKING HOLE COMING RIGHT UP!A REALLY BIG FUCKING HOLE COMING RIGHT UP!A REALLY BIG FUCKING HOLE COMING RIGHT UP!A REALLY BIG FUCKING HOLE COMING RIGHT UP!A REALLY BIG FUCKING HOLE COMING RIGHT UP!A REALLY BIG FUCKING HOLE COMING RIGHT UP!A REALLY BIG FUCKING HOLE COMING RIGHT UP!A REALLY BIG FUCKING HOLE COMING RIGHT UP!A REALLY BIG FUCKING HOLE COMING RIGHT UP!A REALLY BIG FUCKING HOLE COMING RIGHT UP!A REALLY BIG FUCKING HOLE COMING RIGHT UP!A REALLY BIG FUCKING HOLE COMING RIGHT UP!A REALLY BIG FUCKING HOLE COMING RIGHT UP!A REALLY BIG FUCKING HOLE COMING RIGHT UP!A REALLY BIG FUCKING HOLE COMING RIGHT UP!A REALLY BIG FUCKING HOLE COMING RIGHT UP!A REALLY BIG FUCKING HOLE COMING RIGHT UP!A REALLY BIG FUCKING HOLE COMING RIGHT UP!A REALLY BIG FUCKING HOLE COMING RIGHT UP!A REALLY BIG FUCKING HOLE COMING RIGHT UP!A REALLY BIG FUCKING HOLE COMING RIGHT UP!A REALLY BIG FUCKING HOLE COMING RIGHT UP!A REALLY BIG FUCKING HOLE COMING RIGHT UP!A REALLY BIG FUCKING HOLE COMING RIGHT UP!A REALLY BIG FUCKING HOLE COMING RIGHT UP!
3 videos of Russian badger ? Dude what I've been smoking ?
Who else gets Odd1s out vibes
5k views in 2 minutes, lol
A really big fucking comment coming right up
Flex zone
what if i flex
Noice
MY BOY CARTOONZ
Why hello
1st like on the video btw
"1 minute ago" 2k views... After I click on it 3.6k views
Badger is Dad
Well of course shroud and macie are going to win
nO FLeX z0Ne,TheY KnOw BEtTer,tHeY KnoW bEttEr
First
My cat hates fuking laser sights
Well of course shroud and macie are going to win you dumb piece of shit
Flex tape
august 16th sounds like some horror movie
So there was competition
Early
I just get put in games with noobs now
Well of course macie is going to win you dumb shi-
Shake and Bake
A really small fucking hole coming right up- Maverick
I will flex with my flex tape
Three steps to rainbow six Encounter terribles teammate Be called a n-word DIE
Gotta watch Badjurs new vid even tho my phone is at 14%
We have been blessed
Big Dick Energy
Where is Basically Homeless Lol
I never clicked so fast on a video
Therussianbadger vs shourd
Clear tape
Badger-chan is a god
Yeet my Meat Badger
Rainbow six siege is the kind of a game that will make you main a broken operator and then nerf the shit out of that operator
I like big holes...wait that sounds wrong
A R E A L L Y ??? I G F U C K I N G H O L E C O M I N G R I G H T U P
I can always click on this video to see something funny but never Your trash
Latest operator scares me ??
Second comment
A really big hole coming right up
First like
No meme zone
A decent sized hole coming up
Sup boiiiiiiiiiiiiiii
Not a fan of the sfm chars
#NofLExZoNe
Killme
208 comments 6 views
Interior Crocodile Alligator I drive a Chevrolet movie theater
MOAR BAGGER
Had an emergency appendectomy yesterday. Shouldn’t be laughing. Badger, if I break my stitches, you are paying for my bill. Yeet.
Yeeeeeeet
Notification squad
First to see a really big f ing hole. Coming right. Up
Throwing the VG crew into your style of videos. This will be a treat
yote
I was having a bad day today and this made it worse thanks badger
hel ye boie
IM ACTUALLY FIRST BADGERERREER HEArt this come on my comments thiccer than ela
Ree
Hi bajur
Love vids
Bajur ur fake lmao
Wow
I got first like
MAVERICK TIME BOISSSS
I like how some people clicked on the video, liked it and then left
FOOKING UNMANNED BLADES
Flex-Tape zone
I demand the capitao video NOW!
Wow seeing a badger video before it hits 100k views what is this
Not first
No flex zone
Skeet
He posted the same time as pewdiepie
Another video with these guys? You're spoiling us
Holy shit it’s a clash of the titans
Hi dad
Yyyyyyyyuuuuyyyyyuuuuuuyyyyyyy
Play dark souls you fuckin casul
Hi
First like Notice me badger
Y my pp hard
That intro though ??
Oof
Deadass thermite is good
A REALLY BIG F*CKING HOLE COMING RIGHT U-
YA YEET
1
Rainbow scream siege
Daddy Bagger plz send clarence nudes
Anyone else play 1 game and didn't know how to reinforce walls?
Fucking thermite
A REALLY BIG FUCKING HOLE COMING RIGHT UP
FLEX TAPE
No U
H E L L O H E L L O
Deeeeeecent not perfect
S T O P T H A T
oof
badger busts nuts at thermite
35tg
Badger pin me nerd ??
Hi dad
Ye
What did Thermite say to IQ? Really big fucking hole coming right up.
Hello mistor badger
Hecc moar memez
Hello
Dabs
badger ur cool
BAGEL
Bogo, il’ flexn’t for u
Yes another one!!!!!!!!!!! thank you Badger
Yeet
Someone tell Badger he’s the cure to depression
When's Vanoss getting a collab ?
Notifications squad
Yeet
I hate gay people
Yheeht
Like the song no flex zone
First like :)
When you have 64 views and 192 likes ftw
What do u think about clash and maverick?
1st comment
First
notification squad??
1st comment ?? I love u guys
1st comment and love the vids keep up the good work
Frost elite coming up
Holy moly
Like dis badger and I will yell communism in king aoopers
1st
Yeet on them flexers
Heh I’m so glad I’ve got notifications on so I get to watch early
Bajur ur so bad lol get off YouTube Jk
What do you thonk of Grim Sky?
Russinbadger I am Arabic And I watch your videos
Moar banjer
I left pro league for this gold
No flex tape allowed.
NOOTI SQUAAAAAD
Bet u wont pin
Badger jerks to himself in the mirror
Lmao
First
Hi badger
Ree
First like
Gey
Hi
KGB open up
Thermite more like nazi
last
Hi badger. Love ur vids
????
Tiddy
Yay
6th neato mosquito
ayy dab on them haters
Yeet
First comment #notificationsquad
Really big fricking gap coming right up
FortNite?
yeet
I love you
FIRST LIKE DAB DAB DAB
Dank as heck
Succ
Ya Yeet
gang
Love ya badger
Hello
My man??
Yote
Sup love your r6 vids
Ayyy a new video
Wassup
First
LOLXD
First
First
Early gang
Nice
Yeah boi
Luv me badger
2nd but badger won’t read
Why uploaded whiles pro league
Yea
Nice vid bro
No u
skeet
Lel
ZfirstZ
Omg first
First
first?
Yote
hi notification squad
First give me vbuck
First
First
First
First
first
Yeeet
Hiiiii
Hi
Yeet Badger is on the grind
Bet
First
Boi
Ayyy
First
BLYAT
First
First
Hi badger
Why pp hard
heyo
YEET
First
First??
Ur mom gae
Dab
first
First
Badger the OG
1
Notifications LMAO
Yeet
First like
First
First
hey
I luv u ??
Yote
First comment
Yeet
Boom
First
BADGERS MY DAD
First comment boo
First
Sick
Sup
No thanks
Gay
Yeet
Is this good content?
no balls, he won’t pin
My man
First
yeeeeet
First
First like
Yesssssss
First
Yeet
F
Yo
Yeet
Not to hate but doesn’t it sound like beaulo is commentating his gameplay instead of call outs “I’m going to jump in ‘cause there’s no barb wire” “I’m laying at the half wall; still peaking from where I was” instead of like 3 people on me, in (wherever), a buck, sledge and a thatcher. Am I wrong? ??
Sorry beaul0 I only respect people who use reflex
???? ??? ?????????
Any sense recommendation for ps4
Are u in a pro team..?
show your setup plz
Blitz is gay
Beaulo is a Monster. Reminds me of the first Diamond I encountered in casual. Clapped my cheeks everytime.
I’d go gay for beaulo
0:53 how tf you made that yah yeet?????
what resoulution
0:52 Y a h Y e e t
My content be like ... That's a beaulo.
i think important to say ?I'm watching ~?
È più forte CiccioGamer
How do you know when you injured somebody??
Is wide screen letterbox applied?
Was this ranked, if so why don’t your points come up?
????????????
I am from Germany. Pls watch my Video ! 1VS5. I KILL ALL https://youtu.be/c2yTkqbQ4Kw
Did Beaulo kill Gavinacity at 2:48?
When you started headshotting through smoke on non visible characters is when you lost me as a fan.
0:46 I thought you had hacks
0:52 why does it say "Yah Yeet" in orange where its suppose to say "Orange Team" ?
Im in a game with u :D
Why are the games longer?
The boy workin on his callouts for PL?
Talk about sweaty hands Jesus this dude is good
??????
Wait how was it a 4-1 wouldn’t the match end?
That valk was elusive
You have an odd aspect ratio, it seems very large compared to other siege content creators
0:16 wtf
How did u know sledge was down?(3:20)
What do you play on ?
I got an ace as Dokkaebi one time??
"I'm turning my focus 1 degree to the left"
man, why don't u go pro?
Nice job, some really good content here. Can’t wait for next video! Trying to start a YouTube channel and post some R6 content soon!
You inspire me to get better every time I watch one of your vids. Thank you kind sir
what is the skin of thermite at 1:20 (for his yellow hand) ?
just got back into seige lu u bruv
Is that 4:3 resolution?
stop smoking pot while playing beaulo :P takes u like five seconds to remember locations while calling out xD
??????????
Beaulo what did I say the other video? You are running out of titles lol
its not even fun to watch
Sub to me
you are a fucking monster
Are you Jesus ?
Childs play
? ???? ?? ????? ???? 4:1
So. I gotta ask that.. after 2 years now.. are you still 16 and cant join the pros? ;)
4-1???
How does it say yah yeet above the round won at the beginning??
I watched these clips live at school lol
Beaulo looks as if He has aimbot ??????
I named one of my r6 vids one man army so i can't help but wonder if you seen my vid. Most likely not but i'm curious lol
Hey I will never play ash, Hager, and anyone u want me not to go again if u comment to me
I hate a bad day at school??
4:52 Zofia was hit and said "Yikes!"
1 man carry
Your to good
Beaulo is pretty much 40 Pro players x 100 in one guy
4:15 cool cool cool cool no doubt no doubt no doubt
Yah yeet
Damn your like a Beast at Rainbow six siege bro
Are u playing esl in this vid?
Joga muito moleque ????
Who saw yah yeet on top of top of round won
Eres un dios Beaulo, like si eres de Mexico. Ve a ver mi nuevo video, hice la kill más larga con la ballesta de Capitao.
I watched this video today with my teacher at her desk and classmates. She says that your operator has "very nice gloves"
Yah yeet
the first clip is a fuckery
Sub
Yah yeet
Is that a custom
Go inspired styles and tactic in sixquattre ??
Godly is still better
the amounts of callouts that he gives is insane its like his teammates are him as well
Is it me or did beaulo's aim didn't perform as well as before o.O
When you're God...
There is something of with this vid......
That freakin communication tho
Weird flex but ok
Plz youtube will verify you
4:55 lol that scream..
at 4:53 when you flicked onto the Zofia in bathroom hatch you hit her. tf man, nutty stuff
Let's go baby!!
What do you look at when opening scoreboard?
When Beaulo plays terro hunt be like Beaulo joined the game Terrorist left the game
beaulo beaulo beaulo u are amazing man ...
you're one man army - good title best player in the world
You couldn't save Hibana from falling
Nice to see people chill with their ace being robbed from them
Was this is a custom? Because the score was 4-1
1 MAN ARMY. GUNS CAN'T HARM ME !
Alllooooooo
Has anyone ever wondered why you have teammates in siege?
Sunday Mailbox: Have you heard of this wonderful thing called "Twitch Prime"?
how the game is 4-1 and the match is still going?
Your gameplay really inspires me and eventually it made me a better player.??
oKAY GUYS. i GOT AN AMAZING IDEA. wHAT IF THERE WAS AN oPERATOR THAT IS lIKE lION BUT LIKE HAD HIS THING ACTIVE 24/7 AND iNSTEAD oF gETTiNG SPOTTED yOU GET dEAD
Miss speed strafe ??
People should start getting banned for playing too good. Sorry you are first to go.
Welp, I guess I failed No Nut November
the callouts tho
I just liked and commented on my second account... ily bealuo ;)
Now this is epic.
When I watch beaulo I get turned on
Beaulo.G2
Hot
I want a theory on what character ildris elba would be like in the trailer
R6tm??
Bro at 1:00 in the kill cam it looks like aimbot from then hip
The one taps are so satisfying lol ??????
wtf
They just got beauloed in that first clip
I got my first ace and im 11 Ps:Im sorry im 11 i love the game
Hello, are you a Pro league player ? I love your Game play
scump at the beginning???
Do you have any tips for me as for siege? Plz i need them
Looks a lot better on 360p. U guys should try it some time
Beaulo droning?!
hacker!
Why do you play points off
At 4:54 he actually hits him through the wall. you can hear the scream lol
Anyone notice that it says “Yah Yeet” when they win at the beginning of the vid
A seven nation army couldn't hold me back!!!!!
at 2:00 clip how did you know that there was someone in „90“ ? Ure so sick dude
all comp clips holy shit your crazy
I'm in NASA!!!!!!
damn this dude got movement
When Beaulo is playing the game... XXX is in the bathroom xxx dead XXX is in VIP XXX dead XXX is in xxx XXX dead Beaulo must be the Death in siege ( ?° ?? ?°)...........
totally first
Yo what are those yellow wraps for thermite
Thanks for the game info but what’s your mouse?
Jeez what headset do you have to hear everything?
U smelly haha
Ur mi dadd
Yo honestly I wanted to commend you for how good your comms are in game, I used to watch you because of your aim but your communication has gotten so good I consider it a standard to live up to. Keep up the good work.
Why did I get unsubscribed from you? Youtube sucks.
Just wondering, can you start to upload full gameplays of matches? I feel it would be a lot more interesting and fun to watch you die sometimes.
If you can't think of a title just name it spaghetti sauce plays
Please, love my comment.
4:48 that random flick hit the zofia
he using mods
I love how he has started to call everything out, I’ve been learning so much.
do the godly shit, knife the floor
big ego but yes true
00:53 "yah yeet" perfectly describes what just happened ??
Beaulo do you do esl?
Call of duty
Heh you're playing with achieved and you dicked on him and he was like yeah that's sus, anyone know what I'm talking about?
How the fuck was it 4 and 1 and the game still on ?????
"yah yeet" at the teams color that is all
More upload consistency needed, but your plays make up for it.
If it wasnt for your genetic You woudnt get those kills like that
Beaulo has gotten a bit more predictable, i can see how godly can destroy him.
I watch this to hype myself up for some copper ranked
go 4 BO4
4:16 are you Jake Peralta ?
“Glory hole” ????
g l o r y h o l e
This man is a god, I wish I had is God like powers
When r u going pro !?!?
Plz upload more and possible play otger games
4:55 you hit whoever dropped bathroom you can hear the scream ??
just had Beaulognese for dinner
How do you cancel the drone like that
When’s Beaulo gonna join a Pro League team ????
4k after 4k
Yo what the hell, the first voice in this video sounds identical to me
Are you able to disable points and the hud where it shows how many people are alive? 2:45
Beaulo PRO PLAYER
4 :15 is that jake peralta?
come visit your grandmother.
please tell me how it says yah yeet please wtf
4:20 gotta pop them pills
I LOVE U
The God of siege..
pure highlights
6:43 19 and 7 lmaoo what a guy
How do u become so skilled at this game bro, I’m knew I have some experience with the game, gold 2 lvl 45, when I see u play I try to manipulate your gameplay, but it never works, plz help this Poor noob
I had a lovely day at school Beaulo
Kinda weird hearing you articulate properly instead of being like "mhm onehmsms ninetymhmh" you mumbling motherfucker
The 19 kill 7 death game was a GG
sooo. what happened to disrupt? and there is clips that aren't ranked or casual are they costum or some sort of tournament?
Oh yea? You and what army? Beaulo OH SHIT my bad fam this was a misunderstanding
This is real content! Good Job Beu
Calls ????????????
why does he keep lowering his sens. It is so freaking low
Why do they have more ranked rounds than usual?
what is that uniform for thermite? I like it
I literally saw everyone one of these clips on stream ?? still watched tho
There has never been a more truthful title for Beaulo ever
yah yeet
Maaan could you put your cam of "non emocionated person when he makes an imposible 1v5 with closed eyes" face. Plss put your web again in the videooos
IcewallowCome
Is your ads higher than you hip speed?
Howdy bol
Howdy bol
Good vid.. Just got off school
should i get a logitech g pro or a zowie mouse not sure which one yet.
A 7 nation army could hold me baAaAak
I had a stressful day at school Beaulo
"Smoke is in showers"
Love your call outs. Inspires me to have my team get better and know each callout. WP dude.
Next vid, show some funny moments
I'm downloading the game now..needs a 40 gig update on ps4.
I hope to play with you once Beaulo
yes no points
Is he playing scrims?
YAH YEET!
Do you play 3:2 or 4:3 ? Please answer if you can.
ok, at first i thought this is a "coastline only" video :D
Did you change your sensitivity?
0:16,can any one tell me how?? i want know how to throw drone and doesnt open phone
Amazing quad!
How do you delete the red cross when you kill someone?
8:33 how is the castle that bad
Since when did Beaulo do go4’s? Thought he wasn’t interested in pro league
Copied by narpha????????
he is insane
Communication improvements were made I see
8:41 what?
us
Beaulo's got good calls my dude.
Title should definitely be "The killer glory hole"
How was there a 7-5 game? Was he playing a tournament or like a friendly game or what?
4:54 he actually hit the one tap, you can hear Zof scream
I'm so happy that I am a EU Player because if I was going to get a match against you I would just cry
Now let's see you get a real job.
When all hope is lost you still mustn't surrender
Did you kill the doc at the beginning and say ‘thats pantry’
Is the ’kablam’ skin a season skin?
How is 400 dpi and 8 V and 8 H work?
This is custom
can someone just pray for me, I wanna play siege soon
??
Damn, Gavin got popped.
Dude this guy thought i was really you because i put my name as Beaulou. and then searched me on r6s tracker and i have 60% win rate and you have 65.7% win rate so he thought i was your alt account
#BRAZIL
You are the best player of r6s
I suck big cocks
Bro why you uploading it's no nut November
There was only a few places to be hiding in the bathroom. If you kept shooting you would've got him earlier. You still ended up getting him though so I guess that doesn't really matter.
Here's a challenge you can only use valk's shotgun and desert eagle
Imagine him playing fortnite
We all know beaulo is a one man army.
papa beaulo
I saw this live on twitch <3
Add me on xbox. Gamtertag is Xinzin. I am a top 100 global diamond. Was 45 global??
12,719th
After how many melees does a window break? I see people hit it once and vault in once but I have never seen it in my games. It takes two hits for me.
0:35 why custom game? Thats 4-1
U try 1 time to change sensi. Like high dpi and lower in game sens?
heyyy
Keep up the good work man, love your videos and wish I will be as good as you or day
Siege GOD
Literally saw most of these clips live on stream
is this from the Faceit 10 mans? :)
Teach me how to be a fake hacker
4:55 you hit her XD
Nut or watch Beaulo and Nut? Beaulo it is. Get my lotion.
insane brudda <3
What?? 4:24 Is it the "Achieved" who got fucked by YOU in your 16th Montage? :D
eZ cLaP
Nice
?? ???
Y a h Y e e t
Well I failed no nut november
The title is perfect, you were the only one playing, killing and giving callouts so...
Why is it so hard to play pc r6
Ilove you beaulo
You're a god damn Savage
You are god
Could u tell us about your pc features please?
If someone wanna see my channel and subscribe i do hilights of R6
Cute title to put while Pro League is on. :)
The clip at 4:45 why didn't you try to wall bang Zofia when she dropped bathroom hatch
Hey dude, what's up, it's Gabirusco2005 from the ps4
Hiii
Que bueno biblo que ya hablas más muchacho tenga su like
NOW THIS IS EPIC
.
Lol u destored gavin acity
Beaulo you are a monster.....
Anyone else thought of MW2 from this title?
Boa tarde, eu tenho um canal no YouTube nome: Tata R6 quem puder dar uma forcinha agradeço desde já
I just ate 6 hi fi bars an now my ass feels like it's gonna blow up
See guys, now this man is a great CoNsOlE player.
I lost my shit with the glory hole call
Why is 16:10 so streched on your vids?
sup boys
You Play a lot, with a proper Reason, this is the Best R6 player!?????
Yah yeet
oof
Crispest callouts I ever heard
And his Name is John Cenaaa
Doc issss.......smoke is dead
beaulo you are my favourite siege player
100 wiews, 400 like, youtube’s bug
Beaolu:what the type of mouse and keybord should be used
Lesions body just chilling at 4:48 hahahaha
TE AMO
4:54 lol u hit her and it seemed to be by accident
Love u bro??
"There is a singular Glory Hole in the wall."
Mah boi if i ever ever come across you I will straight up leave the game xD ur too good <3 nah would be amazing to play against you but i dont think im gonna be diamond any time soon :P
omgomgomg
Follow my snap ??
You are soo insane please tell me what hack you use
how old are you
dope
you god
Pee pee
beaulo daddy
In rainbow
How to hold an angle but still be the one peeking...
Nice i would like to play with you beaulo Nice job
2views 206 like ?!?mm???????
Yes we can have a good team
Hi
“A single glory hole” Been there, done that
i love you beaulo
I love you??????????
Deus?
When Beaulo plays terro hunt be like Beaulo joined the game Terrorist left the game
Fuck your mom
Gg
Yes 6 th no way omg
Are you hyped for wind bastion?
Beaulo is the best player in the game like if you agree.
Do I hear CONTENT?
Gg
I Love you ??
Are you the real beaulo ?
Beaulo is nuts
Best Player in the fucking World
Reply for shroud like for beaulo
3rd
You’re not that bad
I was sitting here thinking of a title forever. Please forgive me for this one.
fucking goat ?????????
1st
Damn.
Lol when I see you upload I just INSTA tap on it lol
Wooooah
Not first but ily
Best
Game end him my self
First
Notif squad
Nice vedio
not first
Nice
Third
First
NICE VIDEO BEAULO
Hi:)
First beaulo
Nice Video
First
One
One man BEAULOOOO
On Fire ????
Brasil
1
Gg
I love you
Toxic beaulo???????
God
Nice
????????
Third
First one
gg beaulo????
3rd
Beaulo!!! ??????
Bro you are fire?? I'm sharing r6 highlight videos. If you want look my channel, Thanks...
no
Wassup
Gg brother
Beaulo ?
First
Hiii
Hi
lit lit
1st like and commwnt
First
Epic
Nice video
Cooooooooool!????????
First
Gg