Sooooo fluuuent English OMG ??
You guys rock!!!
He forgot his coffee this video
Political Parties = Mindless Groupthink
This is why people are divided there should be no sides just whats best for everyone. And suck a titty friday needs to be a thing.
You spoke so fast I seldom understood.Thanks.
If you want REAL change... I'm running for the 2020, anyone wants to know what I'm about, Google Harold McBroom In Reverence to Thee click on obvious link, when page loads, click on Candidate Harold J. McBroom
I don't get it
I think we should have a lower minimum wage but a higher tax rate so we could increase the ammount of jobs but still have benefits for the extremely poor. What party do I belong to? I also think we shouldn't spend a bunch of money on the army unless we are being direct attacked and belive we should live on a more environmentally friendly earth with lots of health care. Another belief for me is that people should not be put in jail if they commit a crime, this is because putting people in cages and giving them crappy food for years and then letting them out will severly damadge their brain and make them worse then they were when they went in, people that commit crimes should be forced to go on an extremely healthy diet and they should be brain scanned to check if their brain damage is curable.
Your explanation was great but fast and contains hard sentences, complex syntax and difficult context to grasp sometimes.. I got some ideas even I do not understood all what you said!!
"Eagle doesn't get to decide anything."
1. Convince the poor they have a choice 2.Divide the poor 3.Divide the poor 4. Divide the poor 5. Divide the poor
Two major things wrong with this picture, Electoral college and only two parties. The electoral college is just a really weird system that really doesn't represent at all what people vote. And two parties? It's just odd. We have parliamentary elections every 4 years with set number of representatives chosen, by people voting for them. There can pretty much be as many parties as you want, but if people don't vote any representatives for the party after two elections they are out of parliament. Then there are presidential elections every 6 years which is is a lot less complicated than latter, it's in either one or two stages. But when you get more than half of the votes you have won, in second stage you just put first and second against each other. Every party can put one candidate. One person gets one vote and it goes directly to results. This is the stripped down version of it. Ofc I don't think you could necessarily straight copy this to the US, but it's a heck of a lot more power to people.
I want my own party
This guy's sense of humour is off the chain!
George Washington warned against the 2 part system in his farewell address. It's hard to find anyone who totally agree with one party or another party.
HOW CAN THE UNITED STATES BE UNITED WITH POLITICAL PARTIES
Vote for Pedro
Two Political parties was Definitely Big Mistake for America
Social Democracy ????
I'm a left moderate social libertarian.
Are the hosts of this show auditioning for a role as the next Micro Machines guy? I don't understand why ALL of them talk so fast. I have many ESL students who would like to enjoy your videos. Please lay off the crack pipe. - Concerned teacher
Crash courth - craig
CrashCourse, I agree with your opinions, but I'm not sure they belong here.
SLOW DOWNNNNNNNNN
I absolutely love these videos!! I am in American Government 1113 and we watch some of these for homework, but I use them to study all the time. I really love Government so it's amazing to have an education video series that is serious but funny all the same. Also I anxiously await the eagle punch every episode!
poor eagle
Please stop doing the whole eagle schtick
i am the 1000th comment, i am superior
Comment 1,000
Great
Not bad
was anybody else majorly dissapointed with this video? Maybe dissapointed is the wrong word... The guy did an alright job explaining things (even though this guy seems like the type of that has read and mastered every DAD JOKE on the planet, yet he still hasnt ever made anybody laugh with one...) Anyway, Yes this is good information for our youth to know. Yes there maybe adults that need this information as well. I just assumed that everyone was like myself. As in when we are kids and we learn about voting for the president. The first thing we learn is pick a person... Then almost with the same breath. We are told about political parties and how you dont get one without the other when it comes to voting. My dossapintment though comes from typing multiple different criteria into the search box. Onky to have this video pop up at the top on 3 separate searches. I was actually looking for a detailed insight on the 4 different major political parties and how they all differ and some similarities they may share. At the gloriois age of 29 now, i would consider myself right of center. Although i considered myself A Democrat when i started out in my first election in 2008 and voted for a very young,handsome, incredibly well spoken Barrack Obama.(i got to meet Sen. Obama in KS when he came back to his mothers home town when I was at college on that same home town. still have the pictures!) anyway... i was like most Teen/young Adults and was ready for CHANGE in our world. We were tired of wars and the old way of thinking. It was a beautiful and exciting time of technology and the Future. And it felt at that point in time that what we were doing was EXTREMELY important and that in the early 2k that our time was going to go down in history as a pivotal moment in US history. Rights for every minority group. Legalizing marijuana. Very Very Progressive ideas were just starting to become mainstream, but... there wasnt extremist factions of the far left or right right at this time. It really did feel like how Hunter S. Thompson would describe California in the 60s. ( you just knew for some reason that tgis exact place and moment in time was historicallyt? important and that people would look back and it and wonder what life was like during that time) We just all collectively agreed that the world needed a young well spoken Bi-racial man to represent the face of the greatest nation in the world. at this turn of the Millennium, were we new t world was going to see amazing inventions and achievements within society. We thought that nobody better represented a New Start to a New World and to a new way of thinking as a very open minded race of humans. And we wanted America and Obama to be the embodiment of the 21st century.( even when i was in 7th grade we did an election for President and i voted for Gore instead of Bush. kind of shows how progressivness was in the air during the Millennium even tgough nome of us knew wgat progressive ideological views were back then. Anyway... as i grew older and you start figuring out that life isnt wgat u thought after college and that if u really want something in life that you and only you can make it happen while at the same time LIFE is going to actively try and stop you from getting it, in hilarious but yet cruel ways of teaching you to be humble and appreciate simplicity. So naturally once i was 27 and was able to vote again i cast my vote as a republican. Directly reflecting my sour views as a human being and not wanting anybody else to fall victim to false dreams and hopes as i once did. Hopefully giving 2017s recent graduates a head start on life that i wasnt afforded. But even though my views had become more republican throughout my 20s and how i can very easly see the connection between my own disappointment in how life actually ends up turning out for the majority of Americans. ( theres always exceptions) if i lived on tge california coast, had no kids, and was in killer shape getting laid by fine beautiful women every night..... id probably still be a little on tge progressive side of things. B U T The deeper i reflect on my views now days and really within the last year. i feel i fell victim to muhh own stupidity yet again. Just so happens that it is the polar opposite of the spectrum this time around. 18yr i was to caught up in the atmosphere and voted as a reflection of all of these external factors. 27yr again i was so caught up in this atmosphere of not wanting to relive the last 8 years of my life only wishing to feel alive again as i once did. i decided to cast a vote based on anger and disappointment. An internal atmosphere if you will. Almost as if an actioj of rebellion! where i wanted to do the exact opposite of my previous vote. 2007 i cared about the world and injustices and wanted to make the whole world a better place. But 2016 i wanted to worry solely about me amd wanted everyone to have to fight there own battle just as i did and wanted everyone to make mistakes and to suffer just as i did to make ends meet. that why should other people get an easy VIP pass whenever i cant even get into the party! iys a very sad way of reflecting on what is EXTREMLY recent history to me. and its very disappointing to know that barely a year ago i feel like i was a much different person than i am now... So as ive heard on many of my favorite podcast. im going to continue to make mistakes and dissapoint myself well into my 50s-60s. but im hopping now that i can try and not repeat making the same kind of mistakes that i have before. but it seems in life with every knew challenge you face. youve probably faced it before.... just with a different name or place and with lots of varying factors that make it seem completly different. when in fact its almost exactly the same. Im sure this is going to be much more difficult than im expecting, but... tgats part of me being prepared! So my first step is going to content and happy witg polotics. the more i look at things i always try and tell people im just slightly right of center. I believe in a lot of things on both the left and tge right. but not all of eitger of the two. so... ive been told i am a Libetarian... which is perfectly fine, but this video i clicked on and have now written a 10 page article over. lied to me and said 3 seperate searches that this would answer my now 15 year long confusing journey on what it is to live in America.... Thank You
Noice
I understand, like, nothing.
craig is suck
The lisp. oof
I'm being forced to watch this.
I like how all the democratics were black
How did you make that party gun can you show me a website to huy or help me know how you made if it was done by yourself and company
obama was pretty sucky
I was hoping for a grown-up presentation. Disappointed with PBS brand.
Political parties need to be eliminated
Instead of reading a textbook, this guy is reading it for me with monotone!
Question: Is that a Howl's Moving Castle Cup? It really looks like Howl's Cape! XD
"If you disagree, then go form your own party, you can do whatever you want." Yeah, easier said than done, sir. How lightly that was said. Wow.
govermentsuspiciontheorys.jimdo.com
Ngl it's much harder in America to say that the party reflects the candidate as the parties in the US incorporate broad views and, in the 60's, weren't ideologically different at all
https://suna.e-sim.org/lan.170659/
Woo
Am I the only one who caught this man saying Netflix and chill? No just me???
Can someone explain me briefly what he is talking about? Particularly about the elections? Please
America is world,world is America to assoles who dd not get there education in America. Elections are not same through out the world and diff countries have diff systemsto elect heads to rule
I am all about civics! sub to me!
these videos are weird
7:34 that is a very orwellian reason for political parties. For a person to not know and cut corners concerning information for who they are voting for is nothing short of lunacy
My major right now at College is Political Science. My Political Party is Republican. I'm attending Political Science class this Fall Semester in 2017.
Are there sources for anything these videos say? Also it would be good for him to say bis biases
GARBAGE
my reaction of parties: democratic party: i sleep... political party: Zzzzzzzzz... mario party: OH YEAH!
Great video. He could talk a bit slow for those who are not too good in English. Thanks for share it in a easy way to understand.
david is a @#$%^&*)$^&(
What a shame of deffinition of political party. It's as deep as a glass of water
Thank you.
watched first two minutes and I don't understand anything!! mainly because English isn't my first language and I'm sleepy
political parties + debate + president chosen =election + result
I like to watch Crash Course because it really helps me to do my history papers and all my homework.
Got a joke, just for you. Why do they call political parties, parties? Because of all the clowns in them! Hehe. See it's funny because it's true.
I've learned more from these 10 minute videos than I have sitting in an hour and a half lecture twice a week for the past semester. Thank you.
#Boring
8 more hours before the storm...
Lol he looks like my chemistry professor from high school.
#make your own party
does it need to begin with all that stupid stuff? how can anyone take that clown serious after all the antics??
Influence national government
Im a republican
Democrat or Republican. or Aristocrat.
Where does Cruck it thugs minded party's come out of?
this guy's awesome
Will you ever talk about European politics in detail, or have you already?
Just found your videos. I will be showing them to my kids. Thank you so much!!
I wish you had a series on EU Politics :(
Didn't learn anything
this guy has helped me a lot! i don't get my poli sci professor but my test are A and B thanks to this videos
Prohibition Party 2020
"You know if you see the Netflix logo, you're about to chill." - Craig the OG.
has a Crash Course US Government marathon hours before my midterm #CollegeLife
As a European I have always wondered: What is the story behind the donkey and the elephant as party logos?
Just because someone has a different opinion than you doesn't make them stupid, uneducated, and it doesn't give you the right to assume you know who they are and what they've been through. We constantly argue until the arguing dissolves into name calling and threatening. We don't even try to see things from a different perspective most of the time. We're thinking selfishly. How hard is it to just try to be more open minded for once, especially when this election is going to have an impact on the whole world? Just once?
hey
PLEASE SLOWWWWWWW DOWN WHEN TALKING! I try to use these videos to study, but you talk to fast for me to really process what you are saying......please slow down a little
I just want to understand the elections but I don't even know what liberal and conservative means.
i love this channel!!!!!!
Dude you're so funny its great lol
Great Video but slowwwww it down a bit on the talking... Slowwwww it dowwwwn. I got everything you said but damn lol.
you speak 50 words a second
If you were a Muslim, I would vote for Donald Trump just to get you thrown out of the country, you fat waste of space.
You are a bleating foal, a curdled staggering mutant dwarf smeared richly with the effluvia and offal accompanying your alleged birth into this world. KEN BONE bout to take your job An insensate, blinking calf, meaningful to nobody, abandoned by the puke-drooling, giggling beasts who sired you and then killed themselves in recognition of what they had done.
The moral of this series: If you have no friends and have a sense of humor that makes people want to jump off the space needle. All you need to do is make a spinoff series on the same channel as someone who actually has an ounce of charisma, and trick people into thinking it's the same thing.
2:54 ALL of these things could easily be done without the divisive allure of political parties perpetuating a tribalistic mentality in our political system. Outlaw political parties 2016!
Got it thanks
I was in bed when he mentioned having a campaign in getting out of bed...
all of this is proved wrong by the 2016 election
I've made gotv calls for bernie sanders
7:51 Well, the Speaker would more likely than not come from the majority party because a minority candidate for Speaker would likely not receive any votes from the majority (and hence not be strong enough to win). However, it's not a requirement for the Speaker to be a member of the majority party (but there are few reasons why it wouldn't happen), and it's definitely not true that only majority members can vote for Speaker.
I love you crash course
The very forming of political parties is illegal under U.S code 2385, the group/party is the Government itself . G..........GOVERNMENT!!!!!!!!!!!!
Nationalism, Socialism, Communism, Capitalism, Democracy, Republic, Liberalism, Conservatism, Theocracy, Aristocracy, Dictatorship, Monarchism, Imperialism. Fascism, Colonialism, Federalism, Oligarchy, Anarchism, Constitutionalism, and other Party Formalities can be hard and mixed in between the what they truly want some of them use certain groups as Escape Goats it is mainly like a game of chess or checkers or something along the lines of those games lots of manipulating, lying, deceiving, taunting, verbal attacks, emotional attacks, spiritual attacks, and even rarely some physical attacks. So many scandals can go on at any one given time and half of the time it can go so rapidly before you can actually know what hit you and how and where and who it may have come from. Mostly you have to be out for yourself first and foremost and do whatever or whichever tactics you may find deeming appropriate and useful to get your way to the top of the pyramid or in this case office. Much mind games and strategical and tactical decisions must be made as well as sacrifices but unfortunately I do not think I have enough backbone to get whatever I may deem that has to be done. In terms of American Politics and Governance I am aware that this country originally in the highest form was made from Free Masons not sure if they are part of the Illuminati or not or some other secret society people criticize as being a terrible domain of torture and ritualistic life sacrifices in the name of more power for ones self. In truth people fear what they do not know not that I cannot always fault them for that. As I do myself sometimes too.
I suggest not to speak so fast on your next blog. Though it was helpful.
Transhumanist Party Forever !!!
6:16 that plank is in that guys eye
Video should have been called "american political parties"...
Is that HRC at 6:10?
love crash course:)
I don't understand about the membership thingy, can someone please help?
I suggest that they should have subtitle
Anyone wanting to find answers on understanding politics, or an open place to do basic research and then ask questions would be /r/neutralpolitics
Next President: Trump
Loved the Netflix joke!
Lol. Poor eagle
End the two party system.
Fck you! Youre not funny so stop trying and get to the point all the time
5:48 Pacman hahaha
Left wing and the right wing is of the same bird, that does not change course, Like picking a new COMPANY DIRECTOR to represent 'PERSON's for your local [Private] CROWN head of the LEGAL SOCIETY, In the [ENG]-LAND we have a QUEEN representative of MAN-KIND as head of Commonlaw, See Dispatchuk
TRUMP 2016 #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
I wish this guy wasn't such a douche bag because the info is good.. hard to watch
The party party makes every thing a party
Forming your own party doesn't work on any level higher than municipal, there's a reason why those U.S.A. is basically a 2 party oligarchy at a federal level.
07:45 pick your team, pick a mascot.
You didn't mention the Wide Awakes.
4:57 So?
Good info, but holy cow you talk fast! Here I thought I did!
I take issue with the example that Republicans are "pro-business". A more accurate assessment from a conservative perspective is that conservatives are "anti- over-reaching big government". This includes taxes. In a free market system fueled by competition, businesses have good reason to invest in itself to deliver a better product. If they don't they will fall behind. For this reason, a business is generally more likely to take actions that result in more good for the general economy using more of its own profit than the government could. The idea that Republicans are "pro-business" and "pro-wealthy" is a stereotype promoted by Democrats in an attempt to divide the electorate and gain support of those that aren't wealthy (which is most of us). A strong economy raises the standard of living for all more effectively than the efforts of a bureaucratic machine encumbered by red tape. The government would do better to encourage businesses to support local charity using tax incentives.
Ashamed how this country is not ran by good ideas anymore.
you talk so fast
But good video.
You should have explain the parties' structures and superdelegates.
2016 - 2020 will be horrible years for the US, regardless of who wins...
IM A PROUD REPUBLICAN PARTY GUY
FUCK THE 2 PARTY SYSTEM !!!
Oh my god, those jokes...
Netflix and Chill... 7:20 I cant even. He just said that.
Rip headphones users
Where are the subtitles?????
Deez Nuts 16
What happened to John Green?
I hate political parties.
Man John Green is the best
cool
@3:41 he said the pay for a president is not great? a US president gets paid 400k a year, that is not bad at all. Yes been a president is tough and full of resposibilities but been a doctor is very demanding too and some don't get paid that much.
PLEASE DO ONE ON SPECIFICALLY THE RNC AND THE POSSIBILITY OF A BROKERED CONVENTION
If I understand this correctly, than I think my parents will be glad to know that North Carolina is an open primary state. They usually vote republican, but my dad in particular has become interested in supporting senator Sanders recently.
"Eagle doesn't get to decide anything"
LOL at 7:27 - Unless it's Hillary Clinton... in which case, you can assume that she stands for the GOP policies.
We need to completely disband parties as well as the electoral college. They have become a detriment to our democratic society and civil society on a whole.
5:58 so this is how donald trump happened
Shame on you, helping promote the "automatic politic": it doesn't matter (Acording to you) the point of view of the persons, but the line of the political group. This farse that is the representative "democracy" only serves to concentrate the power into the hands of the groups that manipulate it and maintaining "we the people" in our own pens so we never join forces to do anything. Of course, if there is a place on earth where "we the people" don't want to play that sick game, you are allways willing to correct such situation.
2:55 Now we know all the substeps in Step 2: ?????? 1. Collect Underpants 2. ?????? (see above) 3. Profit You see? Political parties are motivated by money.
Crash course can you talk about 2nd amendment rights, basic rule, limits on citizens and governments , incidents and some interesting facts(not including how many people die from gun violence and similar stuff)
5:19 "Delegates are not elected party members who actually nominate the candidates at the convention" - Are you saying "non-elected? I heard not elected, which is pretty confusing.
Craig, I really like your shirt. I want one.
I am offended by your eagle punching.
I love the course, but honestly, it should be called American Government and Politics. I'd love to see an international version comparing the systems of different democracies (which are surprisingly diverse).
is this the final episode??
The 2 party system is a failure. One party serves the rich and the other one serves... well... the rich.
WHERE IS JOHN GREEN COME BACK
Finally a new video ! I was starting to worry :) Keep on doing your awesome videos !
it's false to say Dems want more taxes and Repubs want less. Actually, the Dems want lower taxes for lower income and higher taxes on billionaires and large corporations. Or, at the very least, force billionaires and large corporations to pay the same tax rate. Also, to say "if  you don't like it, form your own party" is almost impossible, since the two parties have a duopoly and the system shuts down efforts to form new parties.
www.lp.org
Why are both republicans white and both democrats black?
Wait...I like political parties better than regular parties. I hate regular parties.
#feelthebern bernie2016
I think about the U.S.S.R., where not only was there just one party, but that party was to be a god to oneself.
shouldn't the intro say 54 people have served as speaker b/c of paul ryan
Beware the comment section here, travel on if you dare!
What a BS of a democracy has only 2 parties in their government? Does that mean a party always has a majority?
Every time you release a new video, I get excited, then it's a big letdown when you don't have real captions.
I believe It would be useful to explore a bit of the history of political parties, where they come from, who where the first people to divide their society among parties, things like that. It would help many people to understand why they exist and what they serve for.
Like for the left! #Liberalism
Wheezy is the president of my heart.
I'm Australian and the nature of party membership in the US has always perplexed me. Who really is a 'member of the Democrats' or Republicans? It seems if anyone who registers with a party on enrolment can vote in a preselection, there's really no such thing as party membership any more.
Trump 16! because the born into billionaire who has been buying politicians to further his own profit his entire adult life, is recently all about the people??
Sanders 16! College should be free because all professors want to earn a lesser wage than the stoner cashier at McDonalds after dedicating their life to education! OR the stoner cashier would be a superior higher educator???
You really need to be checked if you support anything right wing. Honestly, the difference between democrats and republicans is that democrats ARE SANE.
let's start a political argument. your party sucks. I disagree with thier views and they are out of touch with reality.
"eagle doesn't get to decide. eagle doesn't get to decide anything."
is that a typo that says "congrefs of the united states" on the end slate?
The losing candidate in the graphic representing the open party election looked like Hillary. Is Thought Bubble trying to suggest that Republicans in open election states vote for Sanders?
Smash the $tate & abolish government forever! Anarchism is the future of humanity. Educate yourself, read everything & you will understand what I'm talking about.
You should do a video on corruption. Also, didn't you say you were gonna do a video on the federal reserve?
How come a donkey and democrats were always used as the example
He looks like Crowley
Does anyone else see the typo in the description?
Tell you what: If elected to the office of President, I will get out of bed, at least five times every week.
Why does he keep punching the eagle?
"Parties exist to win elections" thats not how it always was, in fact through most of US history the parties had pretty specific policy goals and ideologies. Not any more, now 'Democrat' and 'Republican' are just euphemisms we use to describe the political elite.
I think we should: 1: soften the government 2: harden the army and navy 3: cut taxs, debt, and oil prices 4: not worry about climate change 5: attack isis 6: make are own products 7: have kids learn 8: have more liberty 9: make America great
Can we just take out the media. All they do is like , cover up and force feed you , what you believe and make you hate who they hate.
+CrashCourse could you please have another video describing the differing opinions on the existence of parties, including how early Presidents such as George Washington were strongly against them?
dig the neon graphics thought bubble!
As a swiss, and maybe it's because of what I am used to, but having to choose between only two parties (democrats and republicans) seems undemocratic. What is your point of view ?
"In the same way that seeing, say, a Netflix logo let's you know that you are about to chill." This makes me think of Craig as the hip uncle that uses teenage slang, while misunderstanding the actual meaning.
that was the worst dramatic zoom-in ever... :)
Given the rise of trump I very much would prefer open primaries, especially as an independent.
I gotta admit I was too busy laughing to pay attention after the 'I dunno' part.
Can we talk about Syria, Isis and the rest of the Middle-East?
Any Rubio supporters?
5:52 Sneaky liberal bias. Negative characterization of republicans for "Less taxes" with the animated figure being a rich big business leaders with stacks of cash in their pockets. In reality its the opposite. The big banks, big business, insurance companies are all in the pacs that donate to the Dems, because "obamacare" practically forces them to buy insurance. Its big business and crony capitalism that keeps Dems alive. And yet almost all Democrats believe the opposite. Plus Business' don't absorb taxes like you think they will pass that on to the consumer. If they have breaks and incentives they give raises and are more likely to hire people and all at a real world living wage not McDonald's wages ! he Dems can try and paint the gop as "racist/ sexist/ greedy" and all the politically correct terms they have, but it won't work this time around. because people now know who supports big business, and it isn't the gop, big business could give a damn about low taxes, they'd handle any rate of taxation, big business including wall street are in bed with the dems. High taxes may not help the middle class but they certainly come in useful when big business wants to take out the emerging competition (aka small business), thus more mergers and acquisitions increasing market power of corporations at the expense of the public all on the dem's approval. Insurance companies make millions due to the obamacare premiums while the middle class struggles to pay them... given all that, why on earth would the big and the powerful be stupid enough want to put the Democratic party out of power.
After this show is done I want a supercut of all eagle punches.
Poor Wheezy is terrified of that popper.
Political parties are inevitable. There will always be large groups of people with similar political opinions who will work together to support their political beliefs.
Netflix and chill party 2016
Someone should cover Canadian political parties. Like, the new one, not the Steven Harper Era but the Justin Trudeau Era Political parties and government. And the Cabinet of Canada.
Serious question for Americans, do u believe that the US has real democracy?? Are there ways to improve your system??
Australian: I'm so confused, we just vote in an idiot, than rely on their party to over throw them.
If I was american, I would vote PSUSA
Let me simplify it for everyone who is still a little confused. Essentially, America has two big groups of bumbling idiots (red team and blue team) who like to sit around all day slinging feces at each other and never getting anything meaningful or useful done. They then try to blame each other for everything that ever goes wrong even though they look, sound, and act pretty much exactly the same.
I was independent for years but switched to dem because Maryland is closed primary and I wanted to vote in the dem primary last year for governor. I think open primary is much better
The senate needs to be changed to a proportional representation vote of political parties. Vote for the party you want and the percent of votes they get is how many seats they get in the senate
Suggestion : Exactly what is Republican and what is Democrat? Where do the names come from and what do they refer to? Eg, I am not an American, I presume the Republican refers to the Roman Republic, circa 50 BC, before Caesar and the Triumvirate basically destroyed it. And Democrat refers to the democratic system as pioneered by the Greeks about 400 years before that. But these are guesses...
Wow...I don't know much about politics but I'm shocked by the definition. I always thought political parties exist to carry out their ideals as much as possible within the realm of government...whether they win elections or not..
I strongly disagree with th definition of parties as political forces whose goal is to control the government. That's a very perverted definition because it implies that political parties don't and shouln't care for anything but winning elections. The true definition is "a political organization who seeks to influence the government by legal ways". And a political organization is "a group of people who share the same political doctrine". And legal ways includes controlling the government, but it also includes controlling other political mandates, like regional mandates and seats in the parliament. You should remember that your country has more than two parties. You should remember that the government doesn't control everything. You should also remember that the government is not the only political structure in any country. Regional and local scales also matter. Parliament minorities matter. ETC.
3:41 Tom Petty stole that guy's juicy fruit.
Heheh, netflix and chill
8:11 I see someone that's Berning.
Vote Bull Moose!!
8:49 I feel like that should have been in the outtakes.
A party does not always represent the candidates and on top of that it makes people more lazy when it comes to researching the candidates background by standardizing what they "represent" Plus in some cases, it can actually be used as a deception. As you said at 5:04, people can be sneaky, even the candidates.
Actually there are a lot of businesses that get benefits from the Democrats too. I can think of one right now. Solyndra ring a bell?
Any libertarians here?
I hate republicans with a passion. They stand for everything I hate. Racist and homophobic who stand by the claim global warming is a sham to strike down any attempt to reduce co2 emissions so that they can profit from the same people who are destroying our planet. I don't hate the people who follow them, I hate the fucking monsters they vote for
TRUMP 2016! SANDERS IS THE NEXT STALIN. HE IS BRAINWASHING YOU! NOTHING IS FOR FREE! I CANT UNLOCK MY CAPS HORSES ARE SECRET AGENTS FOR THE NRA
"But you're free to disagree, and if you do, go form your own party" Except that the first-past-the-post voting system that America currently has punishes third parties for existing (thanks to the spoiler effect), and makes it impossible for them to bring about any significant change.
You were way too scared of that last popper lol
Why do Americans have to register for specific groups. I mean why do you have to be a Democrat or a Republican? Wouldn't it be easier to just vote for whoever seems to have the best policies that year, be it a Republican or Democrat?
Top Choice for President: Bernie Sanders (D) Top Republican Choice: Rand Paul Third Party Choice: Jill Stein Write-In: Ron Paul
Political parties exist so simple minded people, the voters in idiocracies, can have a simple way to vote. Lazy sodding bastards.
Are you going to discuss how the First-Past-the-Post system will inherently lead to only 2 parties?
the pay isnt great?
I love these videos so much! They help me study for my class so well :D
Can you talk about the electoral system in the United States and the flaws of it?
There ain't no party like the Communist Party!
0:42 Wow, that's a cool shot. I'm somehow surprised I've never seen it before.
LOL Loved the Zoom shot
the American voting system is fucked up. That's why we're stuck with 2 parties that don't give a shit about the people
It was 17 candidates. 2:35
I don't like the part about making things easier for partisan voters. It's bad if you completely dismiss a candidate just because of their party. Heck, many Republicans agree with Democratic policies if you don't tell them which party they came from.
lol craig thinks only republicans are the party of business. Both in charge are business parties.
Rand Paul 2016! whoo!
Libertarian Socialism/Libertarian Communism FTW
Political parties should be banned
Parties, we need more of them :P We should make Green, Libertarian, & Socialist bigger because its people just to afraid to split votes. Federal yes we should have like 2-3 parties, state/city lets get like 5! Opinions are needed!
Eagle Punching Party Beacause in the words of Jeffrey "The Dude" Lebowski: "I hate the f*cking Eagles, man!"
Thought bubble animation has gotten much better over the years. Just an observation.
works alot better in parliamentary system
Primaries are broken a very large portion of voters are moderates but can't ever find a moderate candidate
on the final episode will the egal punch you?
Green Party = Best Party
The problem with political parties is that the establishment becomes to powerful and no new ideas have a chance since the establishment is against that. That is why Bernie Sanders has to win, no more establishment, no more Clinton's.
If I had to pick a party, I'd join Modern Whigs
Now I can see why US presidential elections are so expensive. Overcomplicating democracy so much... jesus
Pennsylvania has closed primaries.  In 2008, before the election started, I registered Republican so I could cast my vote for Ron Paul, but by the time election day came in PA, John McCain already had enough votes to win the nomination, so my vote was useless.  However, Clinton and Obama were still virtually tied, and I definitely preferred Obama over Clinton, but because all registrations must be made a month in advance, I couldn't change my registration to Democrat to vote for Obama, and Hilary Clinton ended up winning in my district.  Because of the closed primary system, I couldn't vote for the candidate I most wanted, and I also couldn't vote against the candidate I least wanted.
The fact so little people vote speaks to something very great. I am not sure why people just dismiss it as " people are lazy, people don't want to try, etc. "
CGP Gray did a great youtube series on why we have only 2 parties and what would have been better options than the first past the post voting (hint, alternate voting would have allowed for more than 2 parties to be viable.)
Vote for deez nutz
It's my party and I'll cry if I want to...
Carlin/Hicks '16!!
7:50 - "...he or she always comes from the majority party...." While correct historically, this statement actually approaches being fractally incorrect legally. Being wrong on so many levels in such a short phrase deserves recognition. Well done, sir. Well done, indeed.
we need more then two damn parties
So how were speakers chosen before the party system?
Ted Cruz master race
I'm a libertarian
Political Parties: The party of money. Not you.
Bernie Sanders will help me pay my $250000 loan I took to get a master's degree in African American Transexual studies , It is hard to pay it off with a Starbucks salary.
wow craig you lost allot of weight!
it is funny how people think that presidential elections are real. Hilary will win , and trump is just like a puppet to act up . your vote don't count
So what the heck did that poor eagle do to you anyway?
There another way to get into political office, without ever winning a single primary. The vice-presidential candidate doesn't have to win any primaries, but is simply picked by the presidential candidate. If this ends up being a poor selection, then all the other member of the party have no say in this.
I personally agree with most Republican ideas but I do look broadly at the Democrats ideas too. I consider myself a right sided independent.
Now I expect logical arguments children. ??????
is it illegal to run as a Republican but really be a Democrat?
Funny how every warning George Washington gave in his farewell address we've failed to heed, and have suffered bad consequences from, one of which is the formation of political parties.
What a ridiculously inefficient and antiquated system we have. I hope I live to see the day our social, economic, and political patterns catch up with our incredible science and technology. We could be living in a utopia if we got our s**t together and actually used our brains to deal with problems.
anyone else a republican or conservative ??
i feel stupid asking, but whats does democrat and republican mean???
If you have played too much mass effect, you start to think blue is good, and red is bad. In mass effect blue means Paragon, and red means Renegade. When you apply this to the color schemes of both parties in this video... yeah, this is what mass effect does to you.
I'm a Libertarian Socialist that is registered Green and voted primarily Democrat or Independent. I'm voting for Bernie Sanders in 2016. #feelthebern
SANDERS/WARREN 2016
National socialist party anyone?
gonna sound like a dumb question. but from the outside it looks like America has two parties and thats it. could someone explain for me please, that would be greatly appreciated
Seventh
Damn it, I came here for an actual party.
I'm not a democrat and not an american ... but republicans look like the bad guy
gu fkc t
First
First mother fucker may trump burn in fake hell.
...