I think the big take away here, if your government is corrupt and abuses its power it will destroy the government and some crazier mofo will come along and take over.
Lol good video but I think its way to late now.
Hold up...So you're saying the Roman republic became an empire...because welfare destroyed it's economy? WTF I call bullshit
This is a wonderful propaganda piece.
republic means there is rule of law Ok, but the limited government still has to be controlled by someone by the few or by the many and someone has to set and update the limits to the government (the constitution and law's) the few or the many. So you see democracy is not contradictory to republic they are referring to different attributes of a government, one referees to who is ruling the other referees on the how the processes of ruling happens!!!
Anarchy can mean replacing a government with anther more egalitarian institution or group of institutions like in anarcho-syndicalism even if i don't agree that we should strive for that
so anarcho - comunism, anarcho - syndycalism and forms of libertarian socialism were the workers control the means of production but the state does not have a big role is on the far right ? look politics is not one dimensional so any definition of right and left is gona be inadequate to describe politics. but there is a better factor than how big government is, and that is how egalitarian vs how authoritarian a society is in general (not only regarding it's government ). So for example if there is a small government but a small group of people that control some vital resource like the media or social media then that is authoritarian and if you have tons of undemocratic institutions (corporations) that control a lot of things then that system is very authoritarian even if the government does not play a role. But if the government limits there control of corporations it can make that system less authoritarian by giving part of the authority they have to the people, for example if a government makes illegal for social media companies to censor users then users will get better free speech. usually the left is defined as the egalitarian side but that is just definitions. Look we should look at the specific policies and results of governments not there place in a one dimensional scale no matter how it is defined !!!
I have a question: How do you start a republic? Who establishes this ruling law? And who is in charge of improving or updating the law as technology rapidly makes advances, resources change dramatically and international relationships grow together or apart? Is the law a self-correcting entity? No, so don't you need to trust at least a group people to correct this law? How do those people get chosen without any sort of democracy? I don't see how you can separate a republic from a democracy and act as if they're completely independent alternatives.
You are wrong about anarchism. Have you ever looked into brehon law?
This video is OK. It fails to mention the effect that things like capitalism react to a republic. The problem with a rule by only law is who gets to decide the law and why. You never mention that. When capitalism gives the most power to a few then they have more influence over the law. Then you end up with an oligarchy disguised as a republic. Government is not everything. That's forgotten by many. Part of the equation is also the people. People can lie and cheat and find ways to gain power while bending the rules. That has impact. That's why social program come into place. To balance out capitalism and keep the republic a republic.
LOL. You changed your Left-Right ideological spectrum into a Big Government-No Government spectrum. Those aren't the same things, dummies. You can't just declare all of the ideologies to be on Leftist because you made a spectrum in which they would all end up on the left. What if I made a spectrum labeled "No Military" to "Big Military"? Then would all of the ideologies by Right-wing?
https://www.gofundme.com/futuredoctornashjaramillojohnson
Republic : aka the oligarchy where the oligarchs who made your laws (the constitution) are already dead. And if you have troubles caused by lack of foresight in a constitution, written by people who had no way of predicting each and every aspect of modern life, if you need to change it, you'd have a real hard time to go about it. Meanwhile, people who already benefit from the flaws of the constitutions, will fight tooth and nail to prevent you from changing it. Just look at the second amendment, and what havoc that wreaks.
If i remember Geroge wa stated that he would not accept the position as king!
such editing
I am very new to politics but I know that a modern day republic does not work. Our founding fathers I think had good intentions in creating our system of government. However, they did not plan for the corruption of it today.
Democracy=Republic. The first word is in greek d?µ??+??at? and the second is in latin res+public. They both mean EXACTLY the same. Obviously you have no clue as to how the Athenian democracy worked or what democracy is. Of course there is rule of law in democracies. Equating democracy with mob rule is plainly ludicrous, misleading and historically ignorant.
Are you kidding me? Go back to school before you start trying to teach anyone else anything. You are not that bright.....
Monarcy or dictators definitely have existed. Haha Obviously yes they will have advisers but in the end whatever the one ruler says is the law.
best video, all doubts cleared
I hope this isnt the general american view on canada's government.
Can someone answer me. Is a republic a oligarchy?
What? Anarchy = no law? Do you think that no ruler = no rule? What a cheap goofs around here
Great video. Can you make a Canadian version please?
Without God, all of your nation will colaps! Without Jesus, the Son of God, all of your efforts are useless! Without the Bible, all of your education is foolishness! Without the Church, all your rest is without peace.
We thank you in spirit for prayers Compendiums as we are learning about witchcraft, witches, warlocks,wartime, warlords and everything else informaciones continuing to learning what to do with as in prayers Compendiums and safeties represented
Usa is now an oligarchy soon too be total dictatorship
Wtf did I hear Fnaf 2 menu music
LOL...this is Fascist propaganda....
On Rome ; a key factor in their decline was inequality and rich landowners using slaves to put small farmers out of business using free labour. This created the mobs in Rome.
Does anybody still cling to the quasi-religious notion that the U.S. is NOT a plutocratic oligarchy?!
America is moving toward oligarchy. It is become more evident every day. What a shame. GOD gave us our Republic and we are giving it away to Satan.
Very good video teaching tool.
soon as I heard the american accent I new it was going to be a terrible video only 1 min in and wonder if this is what gets taught in the US, I feel sorry for the highly miss informed students.
Even though I agree with republic ( yes, I'm a republican, but don't worry I won't put a gun up to your head if you think different ) but no government is perfect because republic could have a corrupt law.
I didnt like this documentary for its simple and banal propaganda to make greater the republic atacking the very basis of all other sistems, and not showing thier true argumentum...
Anarchy, is isn't absence of law... Insteed, as one of my masters state "Organization Above All" Anarchy is all around us my friends... all true order emerge truly from that and in truth and virtue are keeped. Just don't stop asking, and open a bit our mind...
The USA did become an oligarchy. Ruled by the top 2% elites.
We see today a big different between the poors and the richs. There are few people in the world who has the 95 percent of all the money. Socialism is the best ideology we need today!!!
Dictators do solely rule... and eliminate those in their way.
Best Way to Explain.
i detect a slight bias here
I know its basic forms of government but the oversimplification of everything but the Republic screams propaganda. Not to mention the severe lack of understanding Roman economics is like watching someone just make shit up as they go.
so, if a state structure doesn't exist - in other words without the threat of violence - people will immediately start attacking each other? paranoid much?
The way you're arguing against democracy also applies to capitalism. In both systems it's the majority that decides. In capitalism it is always produces what most of the comsumers want to buy. So if it is unfair towards the individual when the majority decides over right or wrong, then it should also be unfair when the majority decides what is produced and what not!
So the far right would be anarchy?
Yeah, anarchism is bad because people are bad by nature and will get away with anything if they tried... I don't believe it. Under anarchy, there would be no corporations, no money, and no government. In theory, separatism wouldn't exist either. Instead of being further divided by anarchy, we would be drawn closer together. The mass media tries to label anarchism as something to be afraid of only to convince the masses that the system should stay the way it currently is; a corrupt hierarchical land of censorship with the false image of freedom.