Every other democracy can be explained by. 1 vote per citizen in a given district. WTF is a the electoral college but an undermining of the people.
all that yelling & i still think your voting system is complicated for no fucking reason
This is so uninteresting that the words sound like mumbo jumbo
As a Canadian I found this video very interesting and informative. Yes, it's somewhat editorialised but that's okay.
Yes You Know It's FIXED After Communist LeftTard ShitLiB CUNT Nancy Policy And DemoRats Win lol. BullShit! Kill The CUNT! God And Guns
What???? vote, don't vote, cancel your vote???? >angry person> Democrat ????
Have you ever noticed that when Americans explain things they speak reaaaly slooowly... For the people that voted Trump no doubt lol
What do you mean my vote didn’t matter to pick the next president! I turned in my ballot!
I wanted an explanation, not an editorial.
There should only be ONE political party- The constitutional patriotic party.
wtf why do Americans have to make their political system so complicated
Why do you sound so angry?
Sorry l fell asleep at the 3 minute point what happened no seriously the problems with western politics is two party politics system we need a five party system to equalize the democratic system then you have true democracy eg: left (Greens Party), centre left (Labour Party) , centre ( Democrat), centre right ( Liberal Democrat ) right (Republican Party) god forgive us
“Unless you vote in the state elections, you have no say in presidential elections.... so you should just cancel your vote.” Why not just start paying attention to and start voting in your state elections lol
Im not sure how canceling your registration helps the peoples situation. It is ignorant to suggest people should denounce tbe only power afforded them. True power in America lies i the Senate and house and in local government. A president is an over rated fly by night toi be discouraged enough to rescind voting rights is weak and frankly a demonstration of your cowardice. People will take you seriously and if new young impresionable voters wat h this y ou are libel to hurt tbeir hopes in improving our broken system. Abandonement is a clowns solution and you sir a king Bozo please kill yourself as your weakness is infesting the genetics of a fine people. Lack of trust and faith in government should be met with movements to challenge the status quo not pussying out... smh. Did you actually hear yourself? Dont vote at all continue to let the senate and house plunder our nation and please their foreign masters because you have no actual say in presidential election.. in summary that is your suggestion. Are you dead yet? Please shoot yourself quickly
Worse than a rant. You sound more like a Russian bot, trying get get people to give up their voting rights. I suggest primal scream therapy for anyone who views this.
I nearly fell asleep
'The Americans have come a long way' - Optimus Prime
American Government,please don't prohibit India and don't make hard rule against India.Talent person not reside only in America but also in other countries(I know slight remedy for live map casting from satellite to ample of people simultaneously).If you dare then discover electric vehicle requiring less time to be charged or atomic vehicle(two wheel or four wheel) depending on thorium element for enegy which could drive the vehicle for 100000 kilometres with only 1gram to 1 Kg thorium other than giving concentration to petrol-dizel problem.If we drow and put forth ‘trump card' all your card dismissed.I don't interest to live in America though so developed but if required supposed to live in poor African countries to test and for testimony of my knowledge & talent otherwise living in such already developed country like America.Don't give trouble to developing countries like India and Venezuela etc.Take into consideration of fraternity.As you(American Government) prohibited exchange of fuel, petrolium products(petrol,diesel) since 12-15 years back and made exchange with dollors,Iran didn't give us petrol-diesel like petrolium products in exchange of vegetables and edible oils etc.If we found precious stones like Moon stones,Mars stones, then we don't give it to you in exchange of dollars though you make/made act to exchange or transaction in dollors only,then you obays law but breaks the soul.For that precious stones give us vegetables,fruits,edible oils,Urenium etc. from your country(America) only, as price of that precious stones.Then you know difficulty to lift such commodities and it's transport through air-plane and ship to destination site.Also if one throw vegetables,fruits,edible oils on you(American Government),you will never be injured otherwise if one throw these precious stones on you then you definitely get injured.Thanks You.??????.
Thank you. I am British and this is extremely helpful. You speak eloquently
What was said is not censorship words, I will not translate! And this is 70-90%! Europe think with your head and nezhopoy! Or maybe Russia has also poisoned the Violins? )))) And in the Duma of people ?? What a nonsense!?!?!?! Even listening is ridiculous !!! )
Understood that usa is à big devil.
The Ending, why???
Good video but man why are you yelling like that?
Well now that's clear as piss!
This is more a rant than an explanation
Your explanation is good. I read and watched a lot of info on this and this is one of few sources that is super clear so thanks!
Thanks for that blast of angry music. It really helped bring about the changes you seek.
you sound pissed off! look around see how the majority of humanity is ruled. try one for couple months.
Meh, voted for trump cuz he iz real good at trollin