Does it really matter what we really call things? Like people look too the nordic countries because of their welfare system for instance. That doesn't change whether you call it socialist or capitalist.
I would argue that China still remains a socialist country, albeit one that has taken a strategic retreat to capitalism to build up productive forces. Sort of a one step back, two steps forward sort of mentality. Deng actually based the liberalization of the economy on Lenin's New Economic Policy which allowed for a state capitalist economy in which key major industries were nationalized while some sectors remained private to spur economic growth. Socialism requires a period of industrialization preceding it, which capitalism provides. This period was regarded as necessary to encourage foreign trade and investment, especially in severely underdeveloped countries like China or Russia which never had a major period of capitalist industrialization. Even today, many key sectors of the Chinese economy are state-owned. Even Cuba has embraced allowing small-scale private businesses in sectors like taxi services and restaurants. So to say that Cuba is definitively socialist while China is not is inaccurate. Both remain socialist because socialism is not some sort of ideologically pure economic system, especially Marxist-Leninist socialism which Cuba and China adhere to. MLism studies and acknowledges the material conditions present in a country to develop appropriate policy. And both China and Cuba uphold the socialist structure while acknowledging the underdevelopment they suffer from which very well may be best solved by state-capitalist sectors in a larger socialist structure.
This is hands down the best video on this topic that I have seen so far!
thanks from a social democrat
You forgot to mention Fascism in there.
I’m sorry but I can’t let you put social democracy totally in the capitalism category. I object on the grounds that the social welfare programs are under the control of the government. You can put it half in and half out or just call it a mixed economy. With that said, the only thing that belongs in the capitalist category is Laissez-faire.
Very nice video and very clear. This stuff can get very confusing very quickly.
great video. did you ever get around to making one about anarchy?
I think some people here in the comments thought this was some Jordan B Peterson video because they acting like they should clean their fuckin room like c'mon dude, think about your mother . I mean, you're a wage cuck and yet still listen to people on seminars telling you \"WELL AKCHUALLY IS NOT BAD BEING A WAGE CUCK, IS PART OF NATURE YA KNOW?\".\nDo yourself a favor and stop sippin of that filtered water, don't worry, it would not turn you gay or in a frog.
Fuck Sommunism And Ashkenazi Jewish Agenda
Cuba can only be described as vaguely \"socialist\" if you believe that the state actually \"represents\"  the people they are lording over... which, of course, they don't. Which means that Cuba is about as socialist as Franco's backside.
anarchists do not want to establish communism directly after capitalism and no anarchist believes that to be a realistic idea! anarchists just want to go about socialism in a different way from marxists, in a way they consider \"non-hierarchical\" or \"horizontal\", etc.
well made, BUT ANARCHISM IS A RIGHT SIDED IDEOLOGY
This is a bunch of crap!!   Bernie is a hardcore socialist living in a mostly capitalistic country.  What he wants defines him not what he is actually doing now.
So, that's how you pronounce NSDAP.
The commenters here all seem to think the communist states were all failures. It's simply not true. The USSR especially went from a largely rural nation to being capable of sending people to space in 30 years. The reason communism in the east fell like it did had more to do with the authoritarian regimes softening up. People wanted their political rights, especially as the economic development in the 70's and 80's started seriously lagging behind the west. \n\n\nNow the big issue with socialism as we've come to know it as that the revolutionary vanguard parties of these countries never gave the workers control over the means of production. And such parties never will. Governments in any system don't like giving up control, it's in their nature to rule and protect their authority. And without any opposition parties, there's no way to uphold a constitution and keep the rulers accountable. It all comes down to the good will of the leaders.\n\n\nSocialism can work within a free market. The left seems stuck in the thinking that markets = capitalism. It's a tool, and a superior one over planned economies. We can and should build institutions, banks and laws that allow for - and ease the creation of worker owned enterprises. That's how we break free from wage slavery. Who would voluntarily work for a capitalist if they can have a real say in their work place, what they do, produce and where to invest. And most importantly; get a fair cut for their work.
That's the difference spoken and the one in common: Failure
As a Cuban-born person, you have absolutely no fucking clue what your talking about and you are misinforming many people. In Cuba they are not elected officials making choices they are appointed by the government and they don't hold elections. You talk bad about the government you get jailed and tortured and killed in some cases. Fucking do some real research not reading Wikipedia.
fuck communism
Comunisim the political ponzy scheam thats cost over 100 million lives. \n\nSocialisim the cult that has the answers for everything while having the solution for nothing.\n\nMarxisim the idea that ignoring basic human pychology and biology will result in a human utopia (fools dream).
Pretty good video, but Norway, specifically, is more socialist than capitalist, with the state owning over 60% of the wealth and over 80% of the non-home wealth (most Norwegians own their own home). There are 60 state-owned enterprises and a massive trillion-dollar public wealth fund. The Nordic region as a whole has around a third of wealth publicly owned.
This commentary section is a nightmare.
What nonsense... amateurism  is dangerous
Socialism is a Process of become a Communist State.. And Communist State is a state that already achieved Communism... Cuba or Venezuela are Socialist because they are still becoming a communist and USSR Russia and Mao's China are Communist because they had already achieved True Communism..
under the criteria you place on Socialism, Anarchism doesn't belong there because Property is THEFT.   State capitalism and capitalism where ownership is defined negates Anarchism under either term.   Sorry you screwed up there.
Ok so lets say we give the workers the ownership of the factories. How do they make decisions as a whole? They vote? All the workers vote on every decision? Or would you have say, an elected group of people to represent their will of the group? Sounds a lot like a board of directors to me. In fact, a group of civilian owners of a company in a capitalist system do just this, they are called shareholders.\nSo in order to be successful they would need a board of directors to steer the business in a profitable direction right? You don't want to have less than before you expend labor I imagine.  I mean even a business controlled by its workers needs to produce and profit otherwise what's the point?. \nSo you need leadership, you need profit.\nOk so what grows a company? Risk. The risk to spend marketing dollars or get into new markets or release new products make a business grow. Who has the risk? Everyone in the company? \nHow do you start a business? Does the government give you a fully functioning factory and say \"here ya go this is yours now don't fuck it up.\"? Do the workers pool together and buy land to build a factory? Do they get a loan from the government or a bank? How does a socialist bank work (LOL)? \n\n\nBasically the way I see it, even in a socialist system you still need a leader, profit, and risk in order to be successful. Socialists just want to be paid more essentially. Well you are an owner of one very important thing: your labor. How and what you are able to do with your labor is entirely up to you. You can graduate high school and get into an entry level job, you could start a business, you could go to college and get a degree to make more money somewhere, it's up to you. \n\n\nSo what is a good reason to diminish your ownership of yourself by entering into a system like this? How does it empower the individual by becoming a collective? I think you are enamored by this idea of going to flip burgers and being paid by a percentage of the profit rather than what the going rate of burger flippers is. You want to make the same amount for working in a warehouse as the guy who is driving the sales of the business. \nIt doesn't make sense it's a pipe dream from underachievers who wants to share that lack of success with others of the same ideals. Socialism is just capitalism hijacked by the workers in order to be rewarded for taking none of the initiative or risk involved with starting and sustaining a large or small scale industry. It's essentially a mutiny of the commercial and industrial world and NEVER WORKS. I REPEAT..... NEVER....WORKS
Governments are the biggest companies.
Pure sophistry.
You have Marx, all Italian Fascists were once Marxists, Italian fascism was a mere tweak to the collectivism (state based collectivism), Nazism was an offshoot of Italian fascism (Race and State based collectivism). Communism is based on the economic classes (class based collectivism). After communists failed or as they would say workers failed to \"rise up\" overthrow the capital classes, there was another tweak called cultural Marxism which combines Post-modernism which is no longer focused on economic classes but more generally on oppressed classes and oppressor classes. Now it is the marginalized classes are expected to overthrow the oppressors. These \"oppressors\" are identified as white males of European ancestry and their oppressive institutions. Cultural Marxist also known as neo-marxists are opposed fundamentally to the enlightenment and every thing that it brought us. I think that's the basically accurate grand narrative our foolish little youtuber tried to dance around. Marxism and all it's derivatives fail because it fails to take into account what a human being is and what makes society function.
So.... Socialism= lazy+self entitled+naivety
What collapsed in the former Soviet bloc was STATE RUN CAPITALISM. The working class in this regime remained wage slaves selling their labour power to the state in return for a salary. This is NOT Socialism/Communism. Its quite simple really you tubers just use a bit of common sense.
This clown is not a Marxist. Marx did not differentiate between Socialism/communism they are synonymous terms.
Communism is socialism that cuts money at a sooner point ( directly from business instead if from taxes
Need one like this for the right.
Don't forget,  Fascism is a modified version of Marxism, but with extreme nationalism to make sure that the system stays at 100% voluntary participation. Socialism doesn't work if voluntary participation is less than 100%.
I'd call states like the USSR \"state capitalism\" , since the means of production werent controlled by the workers but by the state alone, it being a totalitarian dictatorship (under stalin that is). So nothing really changed in regards of it being socialist. still no workers control, stilll hunger and oppression
You assume the definitions are already explained so you are basically explain how they can be used not what they are.
holy shit haha. bor du i Göteborg? Lol tanken av att kunna se dig någon gång ute på gatan XD
Socialism Can't work. It's been tried many times by many different people and the result is always the same. Tyranny. After all that, Communism and Socialism is really the same thing, just a matter of degree of tyranny and oppression. All socialist states become more and more communist as time goes on because of the ruling class, ironic because socialism wants to do away with the classes but really makes them more distinct. The Norwegen countries really aren't true socialists, their wealth comes from capitalism and the free market. They just have high taxes to support the redistribution of wealth. Finally, as Margaret Thatcher said socialism works untill you run out or other people's money. Socialism cannot work no matter who runs it. Look at Venezuela, prime example.
Thank you for this video! Please do more of these videos!!
They all need to be purged.
thanks for explaining the distinctions, though as I see it all the socialist regimes are in principle based on some kind  of a masked theft
For all you Americans on here arguing about socialism vs capitalism, there is a political first step that would help to alleviate your problems.  States rights.  There you go... Libertarian/Right leaning federal government with each one of the 50 states having democratically enacted policies.  If you think a state is too capitalist or too socialist, there's freedom to move between the states and it's less risky to experiment with economic policies that way.  You're welcome.
\"Socialist with Chinese characteristics\" was basically Mao declaring something along the lines of \"Fuck you, I'm a dictator and I can do the fuck I want.\"
Things are not paid for by government, they are paid for by people.  Robbing Peter to pay Paul so to speak. ..
Fucking thank you.
It makes me laugh out loud that we live in all these countries run by quite religious people. We’re quite religion driven all over the world. YET no government system in the world adheres to any religious precept outlined in those religions! No wonder we live in a world where people think religion is a farce when you see ‘Christian’ candidates spouting Capitalist ideologies that basically take from the poor and give to the rich. THE COMPLETE OPPOSITE OF CHRIST’S TEACHINGS. Yet these pious people go to church and fight against the right of people and do every unchristian thing under the sun to their fellow neighbour. What an absolute JOKE! ??
socialism=nazi \ncommunism=north korea
every so called comunist always use the \"no true scotsman\" argument, and think that they are the spiritual successor of marx, not considering that communism is a flawed idea with an inevitable flawed outcome
Nah communism is when you don't want people to die due to not being able to afford access to healthcare, checkmate socialist communist post modernists
So basically, cutting through the gymnastics and bs, essentially nothing works and we’re just living in a overpopulated, nobody gives a fuck, give me your money, dick measuring contest, dog-eat-dog world hanging by a thread with white lies and Bureaucracy, which may also be too confusing for most to grasp and that somehow inherently maintains a false sense of stability until, like everything, is picked at and ultimately falls apart. Moral of the story: humans were never meant to maintain order or live civilly, life is chaos and balance...and also we are fucked delaying the inevitable end of our ways. We are locust and have always been.
this video is false and ignorant. it's just an opinion not based on real facts!
\"paid for by the government\" wrong. Paid for by taxes from the public.
Great video
Why are you equating anarchy with communism?
Quite informative, thank you for the quick explanations. As always, the devil is in the details... You could stop talking about Cuba's \"free elections\" and how \"people do this and that through their democratically elected representatives\", you only made me laugh and destroyed the continuity and credibility of your otherwise interesting essay.
Nothing is good. Every economic/political sytem fails or wins in one way or another. The Roman Republic failed, the feudal society failed, the absolute monarchies failed, the soviets, german/italian fascists failed and now the US will fail.
Love your accent..its distracting xD
Anarchism isn't inherently communist.
I bet you get taxed like 50-60%
Boi did you just say that the nazis were socialist. They were facist. Facism was made by people who hated socialism/communism
The Soviet Union is the goal of Communism. Communism is the goal of socialism. Socialism is the goal of democratic socialism. Democratic socialism is the goal of Social Science.
Social Democracy means: Vote in us so we can do whatever we want with your money
They are simply commies and we the people need to erradicate them from America by any means necessary, including war.
The reason why the nazi party called them selfs the NSDAP was to gain more votes in the elections before then ways only called DAP, German workers party, good video tho ;)
Awesome video
A colony of Ants.....
That was a damn great explanation, thank you.
I have been called a communist. However more accurately I am a social democrat or democratic socialist. Maybe a socialist.
you defined anarchism wrong
What is the difference between \"State capitalism\" and \"Socialism\" ??? The first one still have direct government control over means of production. Like in China. Or Russia. Private business part changes nothing in a terms of power.
But China also has a planned economy.
Hahaha the only people on the planet who want communism have never experienced it first hand.
BERNIE : NO REFUNDS!\n\n\n\n\n\n\nahahahahahahaha get BTFO
Thank you sharing this video!! very informative!
So you're saying nazis call themselves socialist? But they are fascist??.
NSDAP was the only one that remodeled the financial system fundamentally.
A good video would be to explain the difference between social democracy and social liberalism.  By social liberalism I'm referring to what that means in European understanding not American.  In America social liberalism means legalizing pot and criminalizing guns (among other things) but in Europe it means welfare state capitalism.  So again what it the difference between social democracy and social liberalism?
You could argue they were social democrats? I like that but I don’t think you meant that
You just said the Nazis were communists. You don’t get to politic
Weird how it's called orthodox marxism but is against religion
Socialism, Communism and Marxism is the perfect system for the people by the Jewish Capitalism.
Nope Cuba is not socialist. The means of production are owned by the state/party and the actual workers own jack shit. The only socialism that exist is in the heads of believers of this utopia.
Good tutorial.  Quite instructive.
1:00 by the people, through tax
Actually not all left anarchis are communist
How could Nazi Germany be considered capitalist when they ended the privatization of banks in 1932, which quickly lead to central government controlled economics and planning?
What are your views on anarchocapitalism and libertarianism (right wing and left wing)? If you could make a video on that, it would be much appreciated!
What difference?  Even right-wing conservatives and centrist liberals/libertarians agree that left-wing marxist/marxian socialism is the intermediate phase between capitalism and marxist/marxian communism and marxist/marxian philosophy underpins the concepts embodied within the works there is some overlap between the different aspects mostly in relation to socio-economic/social-economic/class/caste and ethnicity/race/nationality democracy and dictatorship personal property and private property and revolution and reform/evolution many-and-most people/person's are so-called left-wing-leaning/orientated/persuaded centrist liberals/libertarians or adequately-and-accurately appropriately-and-accordingly left-leaning/orientated/persuaded liberals/libertarians such as and specifically centre-left marxoid social democratic liberals they sympathise and advocate/preach but don't practice since they're opportunists too they're a victim of their own mind-set which is a product of their environment which in-turn is a by-product of someone else's thinking since we live-and-breathe in secular liberal/libertarian representative democratic capitalist republic's democratic dialogue such as and specifically through-and-under public passive discussions over such as and specifically through-and-under public passionate debates
Uneducated cunt
Nazi economy wasn’t free, it was heavily regulated
Where's Titoism?
Anarchy is not under communism, they don’t want to go directly to communism; they want to go directly to anarchism. Rather, communists want to go to anarchism through communism, but anarchists want to go to anarchism directly.
what about stalinism?
Marxisme is the opposite of dictatership
Not exactly a Communist myself, but this video did educate me a little bit on the subject.
Thank you for this!
Moral of the story, or at least how I make sense of this stuff considering my previous points of confusion: a \"communist state\" is an inherent oxymoron, kind of like \"activist academia\" or a \"dove general.\" Based on your ideals, you can believe that it works/makes sense, or not, and that it's illogical bs... and historically, just about everytime a \"communist state\" has seemingly been on the verge of creating itself almost purely democratically, with a lack of the stereotypical state violence, and therefore having legitimate potential to become a true communist society, instead of just a permanent-transitory communist state, it's been crushed by imperialistic-capitalist forces... Nonetheless, even a communist state that has been established through violent and/or revolutionary means can still be run democratically after the fact, just like how an elected communist/socialist state and ruling party (on paper) can hypocritically exercise free market capitalism like crazy. And the latter would be called social democracy while the former democratic socialism... Basically, the political label doesn't necessarily determine the practice, only the ideals, but the \"democracy\" part is key.
I'm against Socialism, but this is a very good and educational video. Thank you very much. :)
WWII Germany was in no way socialist other than in name. Germany opposed communism and while they regulated capitalism they used fascist policies that the USSR employed
klart som fan rödingen bor i göteborg
4:03 You lost me there. Cuba is not democratic at all. That's a huge stretch you took there. Ask any of the millions of Cuban exiles what they have to say about that.
So tired of people getting \"Democratic Socialist\" and \"Social Democrat\" backwards. \nI'm looking at you, Sanders
I didn't hear an accent until you said your were from Scadinavia now I can't unhear it??
2:45 We all know Cuba has much higher wages than capitalist countries LOL
In my opinion, I don't believe we're at the societal or technological point in time for communism to be established, but I also don't think Marxism is the way to go for it. I think if we adopted a libertarian socialist system, our lack of hierarchy would allow us to decide when we're ready to become communist.
I saw this video back when I was a liberal, why didn’t I click it!
COUGH genocide COUGH 100,000,000 dead COUGH
I am so glad that RKU would have been illegal under Polish law. And not just ordinary law, our constitution makes popularising any totalitarian system illegal and communism is considered one, explicitly. Some communists would probably say \"communism is not totalitarian\", but that's only true on paper. In real world it always ends very messy, so it doesn't matter that those who started the fire didn't mean to burn everything to the ground.
Heeey, germany has a social democracy as well. :(
At the end of the day governments are there to put forth and enforce rules that are reasonable and that people agree with so that society can function. You pay your taxes because you as well as everyone else need infrastructure where you live in your country(which is why expecting people who earn much more than other's to pay higher taxe is rubbish considering they only have to make a relatively small contribution to government to use the same infrastructure as everyone else). Oversimplified. The main reason why socialism ,communism and dictatorships don't work is not because the system if flawed, it's because people are flawed  (they are inherently corrupt and can not be trusted) in other words 'perfect system-corrupt and bad humanity'. That is why everyone in society must have equal rights and must be treated as individuals. All that being said you can not trust any government with too much power. If Jesus fell from the sky i would be happy to live under gods dictatorship, because it's not corrupt and can not be corrupted(I'm an atheist, so that was just a sarcastic example)
\"We live in a society, so we need socialism\"
Anarchism is on the complete opposite side of the spectrum. Anarcho communism is an oxymoron. Wake up please and stop listening to all the Soros puppets out there
Fascism and social democracy should be grouped together.
Cuba democratic? Is that why they had the same dictator for 50 years and killed off 80000 political opponents?
THE NSDAP WAS GLORIOUS!
So, Marx wrote a book. He wrote a fucking book, and because of that 200 million people died. Literally anything you do can bring mass atrocities without your control. I'm scared to write anything now
This is helpful. I like the flowchart table thingy at the end.
Fuck communism
Capitalis pig
What does \"owned by the state\" mean? there are lots of things owned by the state. Trump just gave farm subsidies to the farms, meaning that the government is controling the farms. Tariffs also control the farms because they are not freely able to make whatever they want because if tariffs are too high in another country because of tariffs from the country the farmer is trying to make something, ifsofactso, the governent is directly influencing production. Subsidies also socialize the production. technically the biggest regulation a government can do of owning the economy is owning the means of production, distribution, and trade of currency. Without currency or some other form of trade, you cant easily produce, distribute, or trade. But if the government owns that, they own the means of production, distribution, and trade over all. this is basics. and you miss it.\n\nalso you missed the anarcho capitalists, the people for TRUE free market, not this, which thing only thing I can definitively agree with you on is social democracy.\n\nCapitalism, by definition, is yet to have existed in the modern era. there may be a point in irish history that under the Brehon laws, capitalism could have very well existed
How the hell is Anarchism a leftist ideology?
Umm. Frankly I'm into cash-ism.
Cuba is not communist or socialist. Its state capitalist.\n\nThe means of production are owned by the state. Not the workers.\n\nUnder socialism there is no government. The workers democratically run businesses. The state is not involved
You forgot to detail differences in body counts, overall death estimates, missing and presumed dead, and different levels of anguish and horror for the column on the left.
We don't really care what it is called, but we do nevertheless want a socially responsible government which ensures that all citizens make living wages, and have access to all of the necessities of modern life, including shelter, nutrition, transportation, healthcare, education, childcare and retiement incomes, all of which we believe are best provided by a socially responsible form of government. Whether we call that socialism, democratic socialism, social democracy or welfare capitalism is almost immaterial, with one exception... \n\nif We, the People choose NOT to direct most of the wealth of society away from the rich and their corporations, into the hands of the working classes, we risk them leveraging their excessive wealth and using it to reestablish their dominance over society, the economy and government... which is a good reason for wealth as well as income to be redistributed, and the power of corporations and the rich sharply reduced. \n\nRecall that this American government was founded to be \"of, by and for\" the American People, NOT the rich and powerful and their money-making machines, the corporations. Government should serve its citizens, ALL ITS CITIZENS, as well as humanly possible, not just the rich in particular.\n\nIt is ONLY the socialists and their related spin-offs which promise to do that (he Republicrats don't)! Why would any working class American (which includes the middle class) ever vote for anyone else???
The first time an explanation made sense to me! Congrats on the video!
Good explanation. I wish many Americans would watch this video before accusing people of being this and that.
My parents were in the Socialist student party at Uni. They told me they quit because everybody spent so much time arguing among themselves they never got anything done. \nThe Lennonists hated the Trotskyists and the Trotskyists refused to work with the Lennonists and it was a cluster fuck of petty little disagreements.
I love how Americans think countries like Australia, the UK and the whole of Scandinavia must be socialis. Because compared to them basic welfare and medical care seems like Stalin's dream.
Socialism is a great way too lower your countries BMI. Other than that, I struggle to see any good things about it..
Communist bring down everything they touch.    They can be good or bad
In practice, as opposed to theory, there are no socialist or capitalist countries, each is on a continuum between more socialist/less capitalist and less socialist/more capitalist. My question for any socialist is this, how does the farmer decide what to plant, or does he?
95% of the planet is capitalist and starving to death, people are literally eating dirt in free market honduras\n\n“But socialism causes people to starve”\n\nyou say that’s not REAL socialism\n\n“But that’s not REAL captialism that’s “crony capitalism”\n\nCapitalists don’t actually read watch or listen to socialists yet they claim to understand what socialism is.
I am a republitard and I am smart you see. Birds got dem wings and bugs got dem wings too, so they are the same.\n\nHello I am a dumbacrat and you see those green scaley things well they got 4 legs like horses so they are horses.\n\nBoth of them at the same time: I am smart trust me! Don't trust the other side! They just want you to fail!
It's easier to recover from a nuke...(Japan) 2 nukes actually than it is to recover a state run by the left for many years... Chicago? And in about 3p to 50 years or less countries like Sweden, Germany, Spain, France
Anyone notice the banging??
Sounds good, doesn't work.\n\nIn all seriousness though, while this did not cover the Capitalist side as much as I might have liked, it did a wonderful job of explaining everything it set out to explain. It was mostly academic in nature, and only really provided links to more persuasion-based pieces later on. For that and the overall quality of the video I say great job!\nCheers!
In Marx's theory, \"Socialism\" is an intermediary (middle) state between the \"inevitable\" fall of a Capitalist society and the \"inevitable\" rise of a Communist state; Socialism only exists to give rise to Communism according to Karl Marx, who invented both terms. Fascism was created and coined by an Italian Socialist, Benito Mussolini, and is Radical Left-Wing.                                                                   The common denominators for Left-Wing are \"Equality\", i.e, the Collective.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    \"Right Wing\" Ideologies tend to stress individuality and individual rights such as property rights and freedom of speech.                                                                                                    Left Wing Ideologies: Anarchy a means to Socialism, Communism, Fascism has always been the Left thinking Karl Marx, Benito Mussolini, Friedrich Engels have all support for Anarchy..     Marxism (Socialism/Communism) as coined by Karl Marx is Left-Wing.
The Socialist side looks like it's having an orgy...
Bernie's so immoral.
Obama's not a socialist, he's just a moron.
\"An\" = without, \"arch\" = ruler, \"anarchist\" = someone who wants no rulers. To me, mob rule would not count as anarchism. If members of the community think I have too much stuff (because of deviant habits of saving, investing, and working hard), and they spread my wealth among themselves, that doesn't sound like anarchism to me. The Antifa thugs are not anarchists by definition.\n\nCorrect me if I'm wrong.
Because it’s worked fine everywhere it’s been implemented. Ha
Commies REEEEE
You could just say, they all don't work :)
really should of turned off comments
2:45 Yet, the minimum wage in capitalist countries are way higher than that of venezuela. And the WoW economy is more precious than that of the country too.\n\nStill, great video nonetheless.
Quite correct, maybe except the overstatement of continuation between Classical and Orthodox Marxism. And not all Anarchists were Communists, becausr of moneyless part.
Democratic Socialism is the torch to light our way in the dark times ahead
Startrek is neither stateless nor classless.
Doesn't the Bernie Sander contingent of Democratic Socialism insist that we should start from Social Democracy?
Cuba's democratic... okay.
Socialism is too much complicated....
Anarchism is the perfect way to live if we weren't human
Ive never seen star trek but that little short might watch it. I wish humans were like that. This is like how animals live in eusociality, the driving force is for the betterment of their hive society
What about eusociality?
Your definition of socialism is a little too broad and fits more as a definition of communism
https://youtu.be/jFxWXbdqGIg
You lefties are a mess ????
I hate liberals
4:00 i see what you did there
This was a really goos video,thanks. But I have question,does Titoism fall under Orthodox Marxism?If anyone cab answer that would be great :)
When my mom walked in, I immediately switched to porn, because it was easier to explain..
Instructions not clear, killed 100 million people
You're being too optimistic and positive when describing Cuba. The \"community\" owns the means of production... You're right, the 0.001% at the top control the economy, while they dictate the laws they only care about, to ensure nobody below them can ever have any type of control, while paying \"as less as possible\" (not as high as possible as you state), and making their lifes miserably, while they enjoy all benefits. If you complain they treat you as a traitor and put you in jail. Get your facts right. From a Cuban.
Socialism has ALWAYS led to famine, death, and dictatorships. It's a way to ensnare the working poor into something akin to a religious ideology. The poor are manipulated into doing their leaders' bidding. Things change, so the people think things are \"better\" but then they get worse. See: the USSR, communist China, Venezuela, North Korea, laos, Cambodia, and Vietnam. All of which have gone through so much hardship because of communism. And communist's only defense for this is \"in MY version of communism...\" or \"b... but look at the people that died from capitalism!\"
Today I learned that Slovakia is actually a drunk version of social democrat since we have free schools but you have to pay for the food in them, we have free health exams but you have to pay for any medication given to you (except for in dangerous situatios where you couldn't survive otherway.
Thank you for the video it helped explain a lot
Thanks!
3:53 I see what u did there???
Dont forget Neo-Bolshevism and National Bolsheviks. Stalin, the most known \"\"\"communist\"\"\" was actually a Communist Fascist, a real National Socialist, in a way.
Why do the Scandinavians always do things better than us? And by things I mean explaining socialism in simple terms.
are you not allowed to show a swastika on youtube now?
Do you live in Göteborg?
Nazis where socialist initially but focused more on the nationalist side of it later on
finally a video that doesn't try to lie to your face, like
Trotskysm in othodox marxism? But the Stalinists And similars thinks that trotskysm is revisionist.
Capitalism is better than socialism/communism/marxism
i wanted to consider myself a socialist or after watching this i think revisionist (not communist) democratic socialist is more inline with my ideals. unfortunately i run into the same issue as i did trying to call myself socialist. people are stupid and i don't trust them. i like the fundamentals in my ideal society but i don't trust the people in our society. unless there are big changes in how the western world works i'm holding off giving myself a label.
Seize the means of production
Great video, would have liked more on capitalism though
Cuba isn't it really democratic tho
Socialism, Communism, Nazism are all the same.   Big Governments taking away peoples rights.
Wait until those role model countries are populated with 50 percent black and 40 percent islam and you will realize that political system is not as important as you think.
And neither of them works.
Tell me more about Social Democracy...
You could have democratic anarchism by definition
whats the difference between capitalism and communism ONE WORKS the other one starves
I loved the video! But, first thing first. The Scandinavian countries listed in this video are not Socialist your right, but they have far bigger public sectors than you said. Especially Norway with their state-owned oil company, in Norway 30 in 100 people(30%) are employed by the government.
Do a video on monarcho-corporatism
dang son you blazed through the nationsjsmmdmfmsche deutche abentnfjjdwkmsei. i wish i could pronounce it like that hoooo
Bernie Sanders calls himself a “Democratic Socialist” when, if you go by his policies, he’s actually a “Social Democrat.” He’s not doing himself any favors...
Why does Denmark have DONG energy?
This is all only true in theory
This video is pretty faulty and your bias is obvious. Socialism is basically anything that is anything to the right of small goverment libertarianism. That is you raise taxes (steal from the population) and then the governement spends that money however it sees fit. In a free market(germany most definitely did not have a free market and saying \"mostly free market\" is like saying that someone stealing is mostly beeing a law obiding citizen) people dont get their money stolen from them by force by a violence monopoly.
I am an anarchist, but the number of ignorant and salty right-wing degenerates in the comments makes me think gulags are actually a great idea.
Basically socialism is statism. The state imposes itself on the masses to controls everything. I want the state to butt out of my life.
I’m a libertarian in general support of capitalism, what needs to be understood is Marx grew up in the era of the gilded age when the worker died working, there’s ways you can modify the free market to get fairness for the working and ruling class. As Adam Smith believed
I think this is the best video I've seen on this subject.
Seriously guys we need to throw both capitalism and socialism out the window. We need something new that does work. And don't say that capitalism work. It is not sustainable with a limited planet & ressources. Also greed prevents it from working well and greed cannot disappear completely. We need to find something entirely new which would make the bridge between right wing and left wing.
maybe this isn't necessary. idc what \"level\" of socialism you believe in. just say you believe in marxism, you don't have to explain what level of socialism that is. and i will say i disagree with you.  its that simple
Wtf was dis. Quit as 3min
so basically these ideas and lines between them can be so vague that communists, socialists, or Marxists can all be the same. seeing how antifa is made up of democratic socialists, anarchists, socialists, and communists they are the same. a bunch of rioters who want to over throw america. fuck em all! capitalism is the best! the west is the best! God bless america, and maga!
\"The goal of Socialism is Communism\" (V. Lenin)
WHAT
Where does Syndicalism enter in this spectrum?
Social democracy is not capitalistic, capitalism requires a free market, which can not exist under a government led by the masses, because humans are automatically selfish and will try to aquire wealth through limitations of free markets through taxes and such. I'd even argue that every country is more socialist than capitalist, and that the graph you drew should be devided in 3 equal bits, communism, socialism and capitalism. Also, you go off of definitions that are outdated and not accurate to what people actually mean when using the word. \nLanguage is descriptive, nor perscriptive.
Anarchism doesn't fully fit under socialism, especially since free market anarchism and voluntarysm exist
Commies.....
B
I'll take the one that ends capitol interest plz.
Talk about soviet marxism like the differences between stalinism and trotskysm
Here America is that Socialist are just Communist with out the guns!
What about the variety of Market based socialist movements?  Benjamin Tucker, JP Proudhon, etc.   all propose that workers own the means of production and that money be generated and owned by the community.  It’s not quite communism, but is anarchist, and is typically considered socialist.
The anarchism stuff is debatable
Star Trek is a post scarcity economy which is no possible in the world today. Cuba is also not a Democratic government. All elections in Cuba are just political theater.
There is no difference between the various types. When you are in battle what does it matter which guns are used if everyone has set themselves on fire? It will not matter what you do after the act, the end is same; hell. My friend, I ask you: why espouse thoughts which have caused the death of over 100 million and spawned forth hell on Earth for nearly 80 years in the Soviet Union and still burns in Venezuela and North Korea to this day. I think the evidence is clear in the bodies that people with minds like this and fruits of this kind are not in pitty of the poor but, hate the rich. \n\nLet me, let you in on a little secret life is not a zero sum game. The rich are not evil. When you buy a car is the person you buy it from stealing? He has more money, yes? No, of course not you voluntarily give money to that individual upon the realization that the money has less utility than the car. While the seller had no use for the car and thus realized that the money was of greater utility to him. In the end you are both better off and thus the capitalist owning the dealership is not evil. Moreover, is it not the case that the way one becomes wealthy is by serving the most amount people in greatest manner possible. Hence, the billionaire is only worth billions because he has improved the lives of the people he has served by billions. The rich man is rich because he is a do-er of good. I am sorry to say but, mother Teresa did less over all quality of live improvement than Bill Gates.
damn commie
Social Democrats are a part democratic Socialists and not capitalist
when i tell people i'm a democratic socialist people assume bernie sanders who's actually a social democrat and BITCH I'M TIRED
You mentioned National Socialism early on but didn't show where it was on your diagram. It would be interesting as to where you might place it. If ive understood your diagram correctly,I would say somewhere above social democracy, as its pro capitalist but undemocratic yet socialy providing.
Anarchism is correckt.
>Anarchism is part of Communism\nFalse, pirates were anarchists and wanted wealth, communism doesn't want wealth
I don't care what you guys say, but \"sharing is caring\" is a communist propaganda
i've been confused on this stuff for a while, the only thing i knew for sure was i'm anti-capitalist lmao.\nthanks for the great video :)
https://www.amazon.com/gp/product/1717773761/ref=dbs_a_def_rwt_hsch_vapi_taft_p1_i0
Capitalism or get nukes
Thank you, this was very informative.
in alot of communist theory, socialism was a step twoards the ideal society of communism and a trully communist goverment, its why the union of soviets SOCIALIST republics was under a COMMUNIST party
What about syndicalism?
Norway has more public ownership than private ownership when you control for the fact that almost everybody owns their homes (which counts as private ownership)
those 5 things have one thing in common, the common belief that because I'm more successful than you; I owe you money
7:30 i dont think work is a good word to describe what marx did
Thaís video was intresting, but have some mastake, like for exempel o NAZI that they have Socialist on they name, but thay don't make them Socialist. Socialist beleve um iqualaty in the contrely NAZIS the thing une person is better thanks athor ONLY bay is raçe, origens ...\nSó NAZIS is no't Socialist, thay are a far-rigth moviment, thay are racist, xenofóbic, ...\nAnd anather topic Anarquist and Socialist want a better sociaty but wath to achive with diferentes golds, for exempel Anarquist, don't wath a sate, wath free market, Liberty, thays are no't agenst capitalismand só on . Thys party and the Socialist (wath Liberty\n...) they faithe again it schader since ther criation .
The differences between socialism (e.g. EU) and capitalism (e.g. USA) are:\n- good public healthcare system;\n- good public schools;\n- good public transportations;\n- lower Gini index;\n- party subsidies to avoid lobbies.\n\nThe difference between communism and capitalism is: \n- if you're poor you die of starvation (Communism);\n- if you're poor it's always your fault and you deserve to die (Capitalism).
I used to believe in Socialism/Communist and distanced myself from them over time. Any sympathies I had for Socialism was destroyed upon spening time as a card carrying member of a Socialist party in Ireland. I saw that any system of Socialism needs Capitalism to function but only the State utilise it thus making a monopoly; also seeing that the Left doesn't really care for the poor it just hates the rich was a major catalyst too
Mutualism! Anyone?
Hahha du pratar jävligt bra engelska
Sounds great until it's time for the gov to return the money/food to the citizens.. Venezuela is literally starving so gov officials could each have helicopters, mansions, coke parties on yachts.. Humanities most recent attempt at socialism. Trusting politicians with the wealth of a nation has never been a smart move. The US spends far more on social programs than any other nation, yet look how rich all the politicians get, not via salary, but bribes and skimming what they can off the top. Yet they've convinced people that they need even more! Stupid people will make it happen since their emotions have been manipulated. Every one else must suffer the slow majority.
Socialism works in small control groups such as you your family sharing. However, in a large control group like a nation of millions of people, the people don't care about each other enough to where they can share everything and be equal with strangers who they have no bond with.
Communism, socialism, call 'em what you like, there's very little difference in the two. Now I ain't I right?
Though I am not a socialist, I do think your video is really helpful in understanding those who are and where they fall on this chart. Thanks!!!!
Socialism is just boneless Communism! \nbtw isnt Anarchism the total opposite of Communism?!
Thank god there is not a test!
I’d like social democracy
This is a disrespectful joke of a video
So many isms that it was fucking me up. I need a brief meaning of them not some high level vocabulary definition
I'll get my political info from people who don't lie about Cuba and claim it's a democracy thanks!
spencerism
Socialism is waiting in line for bread. Capitalism is waiting in line for the new iPhone.
History repeats
Anarchy is far from socialism communism or even capitalism
please stop adding \"istic\"
And all this system lead to disaster.
Where is trump derangement syndrome? that's a part of Socialism, Communism and Marxism.
First idiot Bernie Sanders never lost to Hillary idiot, know your facts Bernie Sanders elections was stolen by Hillary the crook Learn the Facts. Who the hell care about the facts of Socialism, talk about capitalism is a corrupt system idiot.  Capitalism is a system corrupt system that steal money from the average citizens and give the money to the Rich and Rich Corporations.  That is true capitalism, sir!
Greetings comrade!!! From your leader!
Socialism is still Evil and Every Nation should be Capitalist.
I distrust socialism because, even though it should be a transition to the elimination of the State, in the end we'll have a very powerful group controlling the whole means of production and the society. This happened in the USSR, this happened in Cuba (even if you wish to say otherwise, I already made my opinion on them. My experience with the cuban goverment supporting venezuelan dictatorship already marked them as my enemy) or China. I support federal republics because of this. If anyone wishes to debate please, do so with respect.
Venezuela was a social democracy in the XX century. Then the PSUV and Chávez came and fucked everything up trying to go full \"socialist\" with the Socialism of the XXI Century ideology but all they did was to put military officers in the control of the biggest state owned companies (PDVSA and the CVG's) and everyone went mad with power in just a few years. This is coming from a Venezuelan whose mother worked as an enginier who graduated in one of the best public universities in South America (or what used to be) and lived all these changes that brought us to the disaster. After doing a lot of studying I came to the conclusion that for Venezuela the social-democratic system worked but had to many flaws, we needed a nice taste of the right winged politics that brought us a lot of succes in the first half of the XX century to balance it. Dr. Arturo Uslar Prieti, one of our biggest intelectuals saw all the problems with this \"State Capitalism\" and knew this would have to be changed; which, btw, it's a system he created with the years while working with many goverments. The same with Carlos Rangel, one of the biggest classical liberals of our history, but he was a lot more radical (and, right now if we want to save our economy we will need his perspective of venezuelan society)
Technology is surely the future! I want a future where A.I type robotics carry our manual workload which will give humans more time to explore earth and live life rather than working to live!!
anarchism couldn't be further from the left. It's ULTRA right wing. No laws, No government, No anything. ANARCHY.
In 1934, Cuba and the U.S. signed a treaty that gave the U.S. a perpetual lease to the area.
Paid for by the government??? You mean the government goes out to work and makes money to pay for all these things you describe as \"free\"?
\"Democracy in Cuba\"\n\n WHAT???
No wonder the left is all confused and violent.....
This is helpful.  I’m not sure all democratic socialists would agree that they are strictly anti-capitalist.  For example, Anna Kasparian, who identifies as a democratic socialist, always says she doesn’t want the government taking over production of your shoes.  (Just healthcare, education, ...).
I have to disagree with you one thing about when you say they don't have nothing in common which is misleading. What they have all in common is the goal of a bigger government hence control of everything in society, order, etc.
A great video overall, but I wish more was done with the capitalist and anarchist parts. Under socialist anarchism, for example, talking about syndicalism, individual anarchism, market socialism, and anarcho-communism. Under capitalism, for example, talking about neoliberalism, welfare capitalism, state capitalism, and laissez faire capitalism. These distinctions might further complicate the video, but are necessary to provide the most complete picture.
Adding the sarcastic tone of voice at the end does not make me want to hear any more from you.
There should really be a better word for the force that is anti-socialism. Capitalism was just a utopian vision from the past that made merchants the most powerful group in society. Capitalism doesn't really have a definition today as it kinda just means whatever non-socialist system is in power, but still clinging to the idea of merchant utopia. Whatever is anti-socialism should be the opposite of it. So I'd imagine a word that imbues totalitarianism, republic, class, private ownership, and slavery
0:33 The communist can of pesto! Youd better share! I love it! XDXD
This video is non sense.\n Its a fact that the first Socialist ( Robert Owen & Henri de Saint-Simon https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Robert_Owen )  were both multi millionaire Capitalist, who believed in the free market. But they both  wished to curb its excesses.Today we would call them Social Democrats.\nThey had no time for crazy Karl Marx... But later when Marx was asked how his Communism was going to work, he could not answer....                   So he said he would have pre - communist period first, thats when he stole the word ( 50 years after they invented ).  \nHe called his pre- communist period \"Scientific Socialism\" ... & its a mess all around the world.\n\nWhere as Social Democracies seem to be economically amount the most successful countries in the world
I guess if us Americans had a better mixed economy we could be a Democratic Socialist society.
So basically what your saying is Socialism and it's ilk is just crap!!!
In Sweden 71% is private market. Wow, that is too low.
Such BS... Marxism is total BS, a scam to promise the Russian people an economic system to improve their lives, when in fact, was designed to lead people deeper into Authoritarianism. Marxism/Communism are polar opposites from the \"Enlightenment Era\" theory of Socialism. \nThe theory of Society held Owner-Operator business, in a Free Market, with the liberty from dictates of Authoritarian Conservatives' Kings, Robber Barons, Corporate monopolies, private over-Lords, foreign investors, BS trade deals, etc.
I should have checked the thumbs down ratio. When, when will I learn?
One thing in common, they all are awful forms of government.
Its typical for Marxist post modernists intellectuals to be knowledgeable about all the labels and theories in different concepts and ideologies, yet having little to no understanding of the outcome when its applied to real life. Partially because their bias towards the good intentions in their ideological conviction prevents them to truly understand all aspects of human nature, and partially because they prefer to belive the populistic defenition rather than calling it out for what it really is.
I would put anarchism on the side of capitalism in this particular model. No enforcement of anything certainly sounds capitalistic to me.  A more evolved chart would be a circle, where there is not really a side, but a continuum of idealism.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jFxWXbdqGIg\n\npoignant at about 6:15
Long story short: socialists want free stuff (essentially, as everyone gets everything regardless of their input). different \"levels\" may feel certain things are deserved while others require trade. (such as free medical but you need to pay for a car. define luxury)\n\ncapitalists want to own what they created and are willing to trade what is theirs for things that belong to others at greatest benefit for themselves. (may include insubstantial gains, ie friendly relations which lead to more trade)
This is the problem with kids these days. Socialism and Communism are pseudo-politics. They're an excuse to destabilize a nation and insert totalitarian regimes. Yet, these stupid kids still discuss these politics theoretically and never practically. Millions of people dead. That's where it ends. Obvious.\n\nAnd Nazis didn't call themselves socialist you moron. They made it explicit in their material that they are in no way similar to Socialists proper. You're extraordinarily ignorant.
I think a good society needs to take what is good from these ideologies and combine them. A pure capitalist society would mean no country and every will need to pay for things like military protection, firefighting services etc. Imagine needing to bargain with a few firefighting service while your house burn down, or having mercenaries raiding your house and you need to hire your own mercenaries for protection.
You forgot fascism under Marxism
ehm, the nazi party was called national socialist because the national party and the social party was the largest parties at the time. so to steal voters.
We're living in a country that's the finest place of earth But some folks don't appreciate this land that gave them birth I hear that up in Washington they're having an awful fuss 'Cause Communists and spies are making monkeys out of us The bureaus and departments have been busy night and day They're figuring out just how we gave our secrets all away And Congress has appointed a committee so they said To find out who's American and who's a low-down Red. They call them up to Washington to speak for Uncle Sam But when they ask them what they are, they shut up like a clam I wish they'd take and put me on the witness stand today I'd yell so loud old Stalin could hear me all the way Refrain: I'm no Communist, and I'll you that right now I believe a man should own his own house and car and cow I like this private ownership, and I want to be left alone Let the government run its business and let me run my own Our government is bigger than it ever was today The more they hire to work for it, the more they have to pay Our public servants should be proud and honest you would think Instead of taking bribes and dressing up their wives in mink The taxes keep on going up of that there is no doubt But still they just can't take it in as fast as they dish it out Our national debt is monster size and growin' every day Our children's children, still unborn are gonna have to pay Our dollar used be the soundest money on this earth But now two bucks won't even buy a good old dollar's worth Unless we stop inflation and take care of what we've got The Communists may win the fight and never fire a shot!
Socialism goal is communism
Communism is good in theory, but in reality it usually gets overthrown in a coup orchastrated by the CIA.
Doesn't matter which is the name, all those systems destroy the lifestyle of a country reducing the needs to the basic, while the goverment (handle by people, not a machine like you have in your not realistic vision) get all the resources of the economic, while the only thing they achieve is make more people equal in poverty. Easy to defend those systems when you haven't live in any and trust in the words of a parasite that believed that been rich is bad just because and all of us should not keep progress in technology or science for that system works.
Imagine if Bernie tried to give everyone free college and well fare.... how many people are there in America i thin like over 300mill compared to those small countries whos population is the size of of city of Dallas.... So Bernies idea wont work cuz he would have to give all those 300mill over people free stuff and that would be chaos\nJust look at Venezuela lol
Social democracy is the best system. Socialism doesn't work, but still has some good ideas that can improve the capitalism
LOL Cuba's government is Democratically elected? WRONG. Try again......
Shouldn't anarchism be on the far right side of Capitalism? Capitalism without any rules and regulations is anarchy. They call it anarcho capitalism.  Ancaps.
So the world is a socialist run’d
Thanks.  You allowed me to help a friend better explain his position.
Research and read about F.Hayek. e.g. 'Road to Serfdom'
I don't know what's more wrong, calling Cuba democratic or anarchism a sa branch of communism.
This is wonderful, thank you so much. Thor bless.
It's like not knowing the difference between democracy, arnachy, and chaos.
Build the wall!
As much as I hate communists and I want to continue my great grandfathers work of beating and exiling them, nice video xD
One of the biggest problems in the US is that the right, conservatives and Republicans don't care about the details, facts or information, all they care about is maintaining the status quo and ensuring the they remain in power since their delusional belief is that everything they believe in is 100% correct and moral, while anything remotely representing the left or liberalism is evil and unjust (which is fucking hilarious considering the US was founded upon liberalism and majority of the best presidents of all time were left-winged liberals). They fear monger about extremism and paint anyone that calls for any progressive change a radical, all while ignoring the fact that the US currently operates under many right-winged radical policies and fascism but then again, it's absolutely impossible to be a conservative/Republican right-winger in the US and not be a fucking hypocrite in some way.
In conclusion, socialist is an idiot who doesn't know he is a communist
Nigg, Bernie did not lose the nomination. It was stolen from him and given to Hillary, if you don't even know this simple fact, then how do you expect us to believe anything you're saying. GTFO., LOL.
You don’t even know what you’re talking about lol
Bullshit. Germany had no free market
The Cuban government is not democratic dumb ass.
2:00 orgasm
It's pretty simple. Everyone that doesn't agree with me is S C U M
I was hoping for a bit more elaboration on the capitalism side as there seems to be a lot of congestion on the socialist side... I suppose it's a case of if it ain't broke, don't fix it!
Imagine if this video was played on Fox News
2:12 Big Government.
I think the Anarchism should extend to the capitalistic spectrum. Classical Anarchism is much closer to capitalism than communism, while anarcho-socialism is still different from anarcho-communism. Otherwise a great explanation
I had always thought it was stupid of me to not know this stuff.... holy fuck! I’ve watched it multiple times now and think I got it but if you ask me in a week the difference between democratic socialism and social democracy I’m sure I won’t remember. Politics is way too convoluted for anyone normal to understand. Please save us Skynet!
Doesn't matter they were all started by jews
It would be so much easier to refute dumbass conservatives here in America if Bernie said he was for social democracy and not a democratic socialist.
The Difference Between Socialism, Communism, and Marxism?  That would be their kill counts.
Is Bolshevism the same as Leninism?
Capitalism good system that works however it doesn’t work on working class and social economic standards of living....\nTo Grow a Cooperation you need more money than workers to grow and scale that make socialism so damn stupid..
Cuba is democratic\nThe best joke of 2017 confirmed
I myself have a Marxist Vision for the future. If I can become an influential individual to bribe government to change gradually in something else
Communism is a temporary setback on the road to freedom.
Great stuff, pretty much exactly as I understood things myself.
Wow didn't know Cuba was so democratic and the citizens had such a massive democratic choice in their government and party and leaders and economy.
The idea of anarchism is the best to me, tbh
capitalism- one man's exploitation of another.\n\ncommunism- one man's exploitation of many\n\nIslam the exploitation of  many by all the Muslims. ..
That is why Sweden is getting invaded by filthy migrants that take advantage of all on the country and rape your woman. Shameful really shameful. Should all be put in death camps disgusting dogs.
Wrong. Communism isnt a ideology. It has changed a million times in the past 150 years. Its a CULTURE. Not only that, it is a impossible ideology. 100mi dead.
So to recap: The only society that matches the author of this video's definition of 'Socialism' is the one that calls itself a 'Communist' state. This is why people can and should conflate socialism with Communism. Historic practice matters more than philosophers' definitions.
Far Right wing socialist democratism sounds like the kinda world I'd like to live in ??
You didn't include libertarianism, conservitism, anarcho-capitalism, totalitarianism, and many others
At 4:26 you say that \"over 90% of the means of production in Scandinavian are privately owned. I would dispute this. \nI'd start by saying \"means of production\" can apply to basically every single resource, so really we're talking about control over resources. Most resources in modern countries are codified as money, to facilitate exchange of resources, so we could look at the percentage of the money each year that is controlled by some form of democratic institution. The Scandinavian countries have well over 40% of their GDP directly attributable to government, so unless Scandinavian governments are more than 3/4 controlled ownership rather than equal say via voting, then that's more than 10% right there. Then there's the regulations which control just how resources can be used, even when they aren't directly controlled (owned) by the government, which I would say has to be counted as partial social ownership, since ownership is really about right to control the use of, and if some of that control is claimed by government, then it's not fully owned by the private individual. Then there's unions, which control, in part, the resource of labor, and cooperatives and control the resource of goods and services, both of them democratically controlled, not controlled based on who has more money/\"owns\" more.
I heard anarchism is the complete oposite of communism
Wait so communism and marxism do not have democracy?
where does post scarcity capitalism fit in?
social democracy is welfare capitalism
Yes, because Cuba is democratic.... in name only. Most human rights groups and those in academia consider it an (impartial) dictatorship controlled by a one-party state. Especially considering their new constitution (if ratified) bans all other political parties, I don't see how anyone could possibly consider them to be a true democracy, regardless of their communism.
I'd love to see you make a new video addressing the unique brand of socialist principles that everyone from the founding fathers on have utilized.  Past presidents including Lincoln used socialist principles that have enriched and safeguarded this country in ways that our own citizenry are ignorant of.  Because the power elite like to bastardize these terms and tools, it is especially important in today's climate.  The true reforms have always been socialists, American democratic socialism is unique, it needs to be stressed time and time again, esp. today.
XD I always find it funny when people just spit out random ist without knowing what it means
Pure socialism supports communism, pure communism does not support socialism. Pure Marxism supports both. Pure capitalism supports Marxism and is completely against the other two, besides in terms of social equalities in democratic republics such as the U.S. or most monarchies in Western Europe. It’s pretty simple.
Well that's the kind of condescending bitch-tone one could expect from a swede ?? The truth is, these terms are what the public perceives them to be (regardless of their accuracy). But more importantly, why does the public preserve things the way they do? Well, largely because of successful and unsuccessful manipulation of language from politically motivated groups. How come you define communism as this utopian, peace-loving society where everyone works for a common goal lol? I'll tell you; it's because it's more pleasant. You won't have to deal with father selling the body parts of his The Son in the famine infested markets of pre war Ukraine. What's more it's unobtainable. It's the 72 version radical Muslims (socialists) blow themselves up for. You don't seem to be able to realize this though the entire video. More \"friendly\" capitalism. Please explain how stealing from your neighbor is friendly\". On and note, instead of \"educating\" me please give definitions for a practical distinction of the terms. You can't honestly think that the most important distinction of fascism and socialism is the state ownership of production? The issues here are much deeper. I for example would prefer a political vocabulary based on an authoritarian (left) and a liberiatian (right) scale. That would make it much easier determining who's your friend or enemy. Pease out
Question: How can anarchism be socialist if there is no government under that system?
Always good to be exposed to opposite viewpoints as a mean to challenge yourself and how you perceive the other side. I don't agree; though I find the exploration of the topic interesting
And North Korea calls itself \"The Democratic people's republic of Korea\". Which is REALLY a democracy ??
Socialism:sauds good doest work
its all a creation of religion, all isims come frome there.  right?
A lot of Americans seem to demonize communism. They demonize all of it and not just part of it. \nWhen they do talk about communism, they focus on the dictatorships in Cuba, Vietnam, North Korea, Soviet Union, and others.\n\nDr. Martin Luther King Jr saw some good in communism. A matter of fact, he and other Civil Rights Activists were being accused of being communists.\n\nIn his own words from speeches:\n\n\"Communism should challenge us to be more concerned about social justice. However much is wrong with communism, we must admit that it arose as a protest against the hardships of the underprivileged. The Communist Manifesto, which was published in 1847 by Marx and Engels, emphasizes throughout how the middle class has exploited the lower class. Communism in society is a classless society. Along with this goes a strong attempt to eliminate racial prejudice. Communism seeks to transcend the superficialities of race and color, and you are able to join the Communist Party whatever the color of your skin or the quality of your blood, the quality of blood in your veins.\"\n\n\"No one can deny that we need to be concerned about social justice. Karl Marx arouses our conscience at this point. Karl Marx was born a Jew in a rabbinic family. Somewhere along the way as a child, he must have heard his parents reading the words of Amos: “Let justice roll down like waters and righteousness like a mighty stream.” Then, when he was six years old, his parents became Christians, and somewhere along the way he must have heard them reading over the New Testament: “Ye do it unto the least of these, ye do it unto me.” So with this passionate concern for social justice, Christians are bound to be in accord. Such concern is implicit in the Christian doctrine of the Fatherhood of God and the brotherhood of man. Christians are always to begin with a bias in favor of a movement which protests against unfair treatment of the poor, but surely Christianity itself is such a protest. The Communist Manifesto might express a concern for the poor and the oppressed, but it expresses no greater concern than the manifesto of Jesus, which opens with the words, “The spirit of the Lord is upon me, because He hath anointed me to preach the gospel to the poor; He has sent me to heal the brokenhearted, to preach deliverance to the captive, recovering the sight of the blind; to set at liberty them that are bruised, to proclaim the acceptable year of the Lord.”And so a passionate concern for social justice must be a concern of the Christian religion.\"\n\n\"There is another thing. Marx reveals the danger of the profit motive as the sole basis for an economic system. We must heed this challenge. I’m afraid that there are too many people in America concerned about making a living rather than making a life. I’m afraid this morning there are too many medical doctors concerned about making a big salary and getting a big home and a fine car than there are about healing the sick bodies of men. I’m afraid that there are too many school teachers in America more concerned about the check that comes at the first of the month than introducing their students to the great, inexhaustible treasures of knowledge and loving them and watching them grow. I’m afraid that there are too many preachers in the pulpit more concerned about their anniversaries than they are about saving the souls of man. I’m afraid, my friends that we are prone to judge the success of our profession by the size of the wheel base of our automobiles rather than the size of our service to humanity. Something is telling us today that there is something more than making a lot of money. We must make money to live, but we must always remember that money is just an ingredient in the objective which we seek in life. And if we don’t see that, we’ll make money-making an end rather than a means. Jesus said, “I know you need it. I know you need money. I know you have need of clothes. I know you need a car to ride in. I know you need a home to live in and to sleep in. I know that you have need of all these things. But seek ye first the kingdom of God. Seek ye first righteousness, and all of these things will be added unto you.” And this is what we must do.\"\nhttps://kinginstitute.stanford.edu/king-papers/documents/can-christian-be-communist-sermon-delivered-ebenezer-baptist-church\n\n\"I want to say to you as I move to my conclusion, as we talk about \"Where do we go from here?\" that we must honestly face the fact that the movement must address itself to the question of restructuring the whole of American society. There are forty million poor people here, and one day we must ask the question, \"Why are there forty million poor people in America?\" And when you begin to ask that question, you are raising a question about the economic system, about a broader distribution of wealth. When you ask that question, you begin to question the capitalistic economy. And I'm simply saying that more and more, we've got to begin to ask questions about the whole society. We are called upon to help the discouraged beggars in life's marketplace. (Yes) But one day we must come to see that an edifice which produces beggars needs restructuring. It means that questions must be raised. And you see, my friends, when you deal with this you begin to ask the question, \"Who owns the oil?\" You begin to ask the question, \"Who owns the iron ore?\" You begin to ask the question, \"Why is it that people have to pay water bills in a world that's two-thirds water?\" These are words that must be said.\"\n\n\"Now, don't think you have me in a bind today. I'm not talking about communism. What I'm talking about is far beyond communism. My inspiration didn't come from Karl Marx; my inspiration didn't come from Engels; my inspiration didn't come from Trotsky; my inspiration didn't come from Lenin. Yes, I read Communist Manifesto and Das Kapital a long time ago (Well), and I saw that maybe Marx didn't follow Hegel enough. He took his dialectics, but he left out his idealism and his spiritualism. And he went over to a German philosopher by the name of Feuerbach, and took his materialism and made it into a system that he called \"dialectical materialism.\" I have to reject that.\n\nWhat I'm saying to you this morning is communism forgets that life is individual. Capitalism forgets that life is social. And the kingdom of brotherhood is found neither in the thesis of communism nor the antithesis of capitalism, but in a higher synthesis. It is found in a higher synthesis that combines the truths of both. Now, when I say questioning the whole society, it means ultimately coming to see that the problem of racism, the problem of economic exploitation, and the problem of war are all tied together. These are the triple evils that are interrelated.\"\nhttps://kinginstitute.stanford.edu/king-papers/documents/where-do-we-go-here-address-delivered-eleventh-annual-sclc-convention
The democratic party has a white people holding it back.  White people in the democratic party won't tear down the economic system that they benefit from.   They have to made to feel uncomfortable in the party if we are going to drive them out.
Socialism is alright if kept under control.
Best video i ever watched on ideology. Fucking great explanation, everything accurate.
I have no problem with anyone forming a socialist commune or co-op, as long as membership is 100% voluntary. Then if they achieve their vague and unquantifiable goals and create a society that allows a higher standard of living than exists under capitalism, I'm sure everyone will join them. (Of course, about 0% of socialists seem to be interested in doing it this way. They seem to prefer the glorious 'let's kill and enslave a lot of people' way.)
The Communist Can of Pesto
As a person who lives in a post soviet country, allow me to explain:\nCommunism means removing the pricing mechanism of the market (provided by market forces) and losing all sense of relative value until the inevitable decay of said society.\n\nSocialism means removing the pricing mechanism of the market (provided by market forces) and losing all sense of relative value until the inevitable decay of said society.\n\nAll forms of collectivism mean removing the pricing mechanism of the market (provided by market forces) and losing all sense of relative value until the inevitable decay of said society.\n\nEven when marxism was REQUIRED reading for every man woman and child. Even when private property was completely banned and you didn't' even own your own flat (apartment) and every single business was run by the government. Even when every person believed with all their heart that socialism was THE only correct means to organize society..even with zero freedom to communicate with outside influences to get western propaganda..even when owning levi's jeans was a crime..even when not working was illegal and police stopped every person outside of work doing work hours to demand documentation to prove why you are not working..even when you had to report to the government if you wanted to have a friend stay over night in your registered apartment..even when it was illegal to move to a new city without approval..even with all of this\nSocialism still failed.\nit always fails for the same reasons- pricing that doesn't come from the market. See- if you didn't know how prices for products were formed in the soviet union allow me to explain:\nA authorized person in a company (imagine office but keep in mind that every business and every shop and every taxi was government owned) an authorized person in a company would answer a survey. The survey asked questions like: how much would you pay for 100 boxes of staples? __ and how much would you pay for 50 boxes? _ and how much for 10 boxes? __\n\nThink about this for a moment. Was this person really buying those staples? did they feel the pain of over paying or the benefit of paying the right price that causes efficiencies for the company? NO!!\nOnce all of the prices from the surveys were collected the price of staples was set.\n\nAnd guess what happened? surpluses in staples and deficits in things like meat. why??? because everybody had the same mentality- they figured that meat should be very cheap so they voted for cheap prices. And since the price was so cheap the prices were not high enough to actually develop a \"meat\" industry that could serve all of those customers. Instead- the cheap meat would arrive at the shop.. disappear in a few hours and then the shop would be out of meat until next month. same with eggs- you were lucky to get one egg a week.\nPeople using the survey system voted for higher staple prices which then left us with HUGE stable surpluses. In fact we are still using staples that were produced in the soviet union today.\n\nRead carefully-\nCommunism means removing the pricing mechanism of the market (provided by market forces) and losing all sense of relative value until the inevitable decay of said society.\n\nSocialism means removing the pricing mechanism of the market (provided by market forces) and losing all sense of relative value until the inevitable decay of said society.\n\nAll forms of collectivism mean removing the pricing mechanism of the market (provided by market forces) and losing all sense of relative value until the inevitable decay of said society.
Marxists and anarchists will never work towards a common goal. You haven’t seen the violent tension between each side if you think this. Not to mention the hatred of Trotskyists by all sides. Generally there is just a lot of infighting.
Communism, Marxism, and Socialism never work.
You didn't mention Finland. Disliked.
things that people Innocently think we can achieve and we actually can not:\n1.world peace\n2.Pure socialism \n3.Pure democracy\n4.Pure capitalism
When some group has you pinned down with their foot on your neck. It doesn't really matter what they label themselves.
As a fellow Marxist: Great video! Your graphic for the difference between the various left-isms really doesn't have much in the way of flaws! I'm curious regarding your terminology of 'orthodox marxism' and 'revisionist marxism'. It makes sense completely but i've always heard it described as an eastern marxism on one hand (eastern bloc marxism or pro-soviet marxism) vs a western or 'humanist' marxism (or in your terms revisionist which. obviously, they are). \n\nWestern marxism then spawned eurocommunism which ended up becoming dependent upon the existence of the current power structures until they petered out into \"\"democratic socialist\"\" aka social democratic parties in todays politics.
Nordic model is not social democracy it is bourgeois socialism.
Scandinavia is awful. I hope communism wipes out their way of thinking.
At 5:35 the “t” in communist is invisible
This is pretty good, comrade! The only big things points I would say aren’t totally accurate are\nA. That Social Democracy is a form of revisionist Marxism. Social Democracy (or at least ideas that pretty identical ideas) predate Marx’s writing. A lot of SocDem parties in Europe were influenced by Marx but it’s not necessarily based on his ideas\nB. That Marxism and Anarchism are the only forms of Communism. This is basically true today and is good for a basic introduction, but in Marx’s time especially there were a lot of other theories of Communism out there’ most of which have practically no followers today\nC. All anarchists are socialists but not all anarchists are communists. This isn’t including mutualists/market socialist anarchists, and Syndicalists who might or might see Communism as the final goal
Sweden is very much a social democracy. And wouldn't you know it!? It sucks! Haha.
\"The trouble with Socialism is that eventually you run out of other people's money.\" -- Margaret, Baroness Thatcher
National socialism was not the same thing as marxist socialism. \n\nnice try tho
I hear that grenades are really cheap in Sweden these days  and they lock up Swedish grannies for voicing their opinion - Think 'Star Trek!'
Gotta love it how primitive is the marxist perspective. :) By the way, maybe somebody knows some intelligent marxists? I am wondering what would be the most intelligent marxist like.
Fucking great video
No, Obama is a socialist.  He is also a shrewd politician. He knows American sensibilities. It all loops back to Marxist ideology. If you believe the state has a right to interfere with freedom in any way, you have Marxist root ideals. The goal is world wide communism, and every variant that comes to accomplish this goal. Which Begins with \"free market\" welfare states.
LOL. Yeah China isn’t a communist country. Try complaining about anything in China and see what happens to you. He doesn’t  seem to realize that allowing some private economic activity does not mean the country isn’t communist, in all other ways.
John D Ruddy...is this you?
This video is absolute rubbish.  \n1. Cuba democratic?  Seriously?  A stunningly oppressive totalitarian dictatorship.  Perhaps only outdone by North Korea.\n2. Nazi's were capitalist?  Nope.  The state may not have owned means of production on paper, but they damn well dictated everything to their cronies and party members who only ran the private sector at the pleasure of their masters in government.  Fascism is socialism with a procedural twist.  Fascism is Pepsi to Communism's Coke.\n3. Communism tries to be stateless?  WHAT?  Whenever they say 'the people' that just means 'the state', 'the collective'.  And 'classless' just means everyone is poor.  \n4. Anarchy is a subset of Marxism?  Super duper wrong.  Anarchy is a total absence of government authority.  It's Mad Max.  Marxism REQUIRES authoritarian government because it needs to coerce people into handing over all their property to the collective.  It is the OPPOSITE of Anarchy.\n5. Democratic Socialism is just voting for which master gets to put a gun to your head to rob you of your labor.  It is a nonsense term crafted to make socialism more attractive to dumb people.\n6. Sweden and Denmark are market economies and are democratic governments, just with above average welfare entitlements.  They are not socialist at all.\n7. Do not confuse or conflate economic systems (Capitalism, Socialism), with governmental systems (Communism, Fascism, Democracy)\n- Laissez -faire Capitalism (I prefer Free Enterprise) is simply freedom.  Voluntary transactions that benefit all parties and CREATE wealth where it didn't exist previously.  Does not require any government involvement because...VOLUNTARY.\n- Socialism, however, can ONLY exist within a totalitarian state.  For a state to plan and control every aspect of a massively complex national economy,  it must be all powerful, and history proves that this is the case.  \nAnd even then, IT HAS NEVER WORKED.  NOT. ONCE.
Democratic Socialism and Social Democracy are virtually the same in the U.S.
You are also wrong on Anarchism. Tell that to Buchanin and he would woop your ass. :P Anarchism is not necessarily socialist. You can have capitalist-anarchism, which makes a whole lot more sense to the anarchist aspirations.
Cuba is democratic and therefore socialist? :D haha that's rich. It is a one-party communist dictatorship, dead compatriot. :)
Good video, but i would've liked you to cover some Non marxist socialism, like libertarian socialism, or even market socialism, there are also some anarchist ideas that aren't completely communistic, like anarcho syndicalism or mutualism.
Wow, everything on the left side of the screen looked scary ??
Nothing in common... except for high taxes, big government, and a lack of freedom.
I'm with the good Mr.  Churchill, \"Democracy is the worst form of government.... except for all the other ones.\"
In socialism you work for the community. In Capitalism you work for yourself. A true socialist will always help you. A true capitalist will always screw you over.
I think that attributing the decisions of production to the population of Cuba (4:16) may be a bit generous.
The doctrine of socialism is obfuscatory on purpose. What it really means is big government. That's it. People will vigorously disagree with this proposition and try to draw a tapestry of various political arrangements. But really, there are only small governments and big governments
I like hierarchy and nationalism. I like preserving traditions and ethnicities. I see a potential danger in Socialism and Capitalism, and the exploitive nature of democracy. I despise anarchism and I would rather have choice in what I do.\n\nThe closest thing to my view is National Socialism...yet, it was violent, didn't allow citizens to own weapons, and was corrupt like the rest. The thing I get out of this is that I would rather have some choice in my life and peace of mind, but most political icons are selfish and violent. Such is life.\n\nAnybody wanna join the National Social-Capitalist Conservationist Party?
Yawn, three terms for essentially the same sociopaths.
They might be all different but the one thing they all have in common is starvation ??
Communism,  socialism ect...\nWill never work because of 1 simple word. GREED.\nGreed is good . Thank God
Good Overview, mostly.\nI would disagree with the characterization that the market under the Nazis was \"mostly\" free. The private ownership was nearly always only on paper and companies were told what/how much to produce and with whom to trade or risk massive fines/be forced to comply. Their regulations were stricter and more dense than most social democrats would be comfortable with. It probably was more closer to a feudal system than an actual capitalist one.
\"Healthcare paid by the government\"\nNo, it's paid by the people. Government does not have money of its own, unless the money comes directly from government-owned business.\n\nif the money comes from taxes, and it mostly does, then it's not government paying for the healthcare, education, etc, it's the taxpayers who pay for it, with government officials being only the middlemen in the transaction.
You mean anarcho-communism, not anarchy. Anarchy is explicitly defined as \"no rulers\", not \"a stateless, classless, moneyless society\". You can have currency in an anarchy, and you can have social classes in an anarchy.
Thanks! Now I understand way better what these people in the chopper are talking about
After listening to this painful discourse on Socialism, I am convinced more than ever:  Shoot them all and let God figure it out.  The only good socialist is a dead socialist.
Anarchist dont belive in the dictatorship of the proletariat
Social Democracy is digusting
This video leaves people more confused than they were prior. The presenter also sounds quite attracted to the Joo Ideology.\nLet me simplify it right down for you. There are only TWO ideologies. You are either with the Joo or you are against the Joo ideology. The Joo is against the Order of Nature (always at war with God) and thus is always a Subversive and a degenerate, convinced of their supremacy.\nYou make your choice where you fit in. As the Joo gains more power, ownership and control, you will be eliminated if you do not concede to Joo ideology to server the Joo. Its happening on this Joo-owned platform as a rule, and in all of society generally, in case you are not aware. This is all you need to be aware of.
0bama is a textbook communist using a phony marx¡st projection. \n0bama is a puppet tool of (((left¡st))) finance capital. \nMerkel = 0bama = Macron = Clinton = Trudeau = Bush = May
2:25 It is fair to say that there is free market capitalism in China, however I wouldn't characterise the economy as such overall. There is massive government involvement in banking, agriculture, and industry, and the tax and currency policies are as far away from laissez-faire as you could get.
So if Karl Marx said the stage BETWEEN Capitalism and Communism is Socialism  how is Communism a subset of Socialism ? Socialism is the Belief that Society has a Role to play in matters that Affect Everyone . Communism is the Belief that the Government controls everything no matter wether or not it affects everyone . In reality Capitalism is a subset of Socialism where Society allows those with Capital to make decisions on where to invest that capital.
A socialist is a young communist.
Thank you for the video. Been looking for a video that explains socialism and some branches in the socialistic ideology. Subbed.
I'm a pure capitalist who wants small government. COME AT ME
Those who say that the owners of the factories want the wages to be as low as possible don't know what they are talking about. What theventrepreneurs want is CONSUMERS.
Thank you.
sorry more on but Karl Marx himself said that socialism is the pathway to Communism and communism is its end result apparently you haven't read The Communist Manifesto
sorry but Marxism communism socialism fascism Nazism are all actually the same thing because it's all socialism it's all authoritarianism and it all takes rights away from the people and gives it to the government
The \"socialism equates communism\" is a libertarian meme, as we all know that libertarians HATE civil and human rights, and socialism will always expose the evils of private entities trying to overthrow the state in order to bring a new age of slavery. In shorts, libertarians are literal movie villains, and deserve to have their heads cut off from a guillotine in a public execution.
You have the astounding ability to be about half right on about half of what you talk about... That's impressive.
Pure Socialism is greed and envy. “you have too much”, “I know better than you”.....yet the leaders in these socialist and Communist societies never seem to have a tough time...
Thank you! This is brilliantly simplistic. You clarified so many things!
Just read the book \"Why Socialism Works\" by Harrison Lievesley    - https://www.amazon.com/Why-Socialism-Works-Harrison-Lievesley/dp/1521531218/
It'd be helpful if you plotted the number of deaths attributed to each form of socialism as well as all of the failed states that were unable to implement true socialism.  Sort of a primer of what to expect as South Africa transitions into a communist state.  Or maybe a recap of that long distant Venezuela experiment?  Capitalism is the truest form of a Democracy.  Every dollar spent or saved is a vote cast.  If you need religion, don't look to socialism.
Just because an idea is \"Marxist\" doesn't mean that it came from Marxist theory. It's perfectly reasonable to come up with some of his ideas on yours own and his name is just a label for those ideas. Leaning social democrat because you want rent control, minimum wage, socialized healthcare, doesn't mean that you read Marx.
Anarchism is closest to capitalism and is the opposite of communism. You made some big errors in your video. I suggest you do some basic reading and then redo the video!!
Mostly a bunch of crap... but useful for recognizing just how insipidly idiotic socialism actually is. It is liberal in the term of being individually general, esoteric, and generic so as to promote the collective. Socialism and collectivism are practically synonyms... the only really meaningful distinctions you need to make are whether you PERSONALLY believe they should remain strictly PRIVATE SECTOR or part of the STATE (government). \n\nThis PRIMARY distinction determines whether you believe in free will (the PRIVATE SECTOR option) where all participation remains VOLUNTARY and cannot be forced upon others, because doing so is a dick move (and under Capitalism... illegal). \nOr do you believe in the STATE option that allows whatever ruling collective has the majority (power) to FORCE COMPLIANCE (participation) from those who dissent (people exercising free will) who are usually punished rather severely (if not outright killed). \n\nAnd then we have Capitalism... the private ownership of means of production (your human effort) as well as self determination through property ownership and personal rights as protected by the RULE of LAW. In America that's the part, \"Equal under the law, and each by their own merit.\"\n\nIf you like the idea of VOLUNTARY Private Sector Socialism... then Capitalism embraces your right to form collectives (ashrams, co-ops, unions, exchange farms, non-profits, volunteer health and care networks, etc.) that can innovate and grow to encourage HUGE social benefits without the WEIGHT of STATE INTERFERENCE.\n And so long as you break no law by hurting others, stealing, or forcing others to participate... NO ONE WILL STOP YOU !!  \nIn America these things are also known as Private Sector Charities, Community Projects, and/or Citizen's Initiatives. They also ROCK because they're more efficient, honest, and timely in addressing various local and far ranging social needs than ANY form of STATE WELFARE can ever hope to manage. Best part... they actually alleviate HUGE burdens from the STATE... so it can be freed up to tackle more important matters. This obviously alleviates the need for excessive taxes as well, the ones that fund our various slow & inefficient government welfare programs. \nNOTE: doing so basically cuts out the \"middlemen\" so resources go more directly from the source (benefactors) to the actually needy. Oh yeah, because they're locally managed within the communities they serve... HONEST private charities are nearly always MAGNITUDES better at avoiding scammers and fakers... so people actually in need are the ones most often getting help they actually deserve. \nVarious local and STATE (government) programs & workers are inherently \"out of sync\" with the actual lives of the immediate populace and always will be, for they represent the interests of the STATE that pays and provides for THEM... not the community. Social Workers are just as much slaves as those they supposedly help... in truth, they're nothing more than the welfare plantation's \"leading slaves,\" the lower middle-management that the bosses use to keep others in check. They're just as stuck in the endless cycles of dependency as their charges... but afforded a slightly better lifestyle for keeping the others under control.   \n\nIf you like the STATE (INVOLUNTARY) version of Socialism... you're either part of the empowered collective, or for some godforsaken reason, assume you will be (though statistics prove otherwise). \n\nA little known FACT about Socialism... those who actually have good hearts and morals, yet still enable it, are also the first to die (or be discredited) for they are the ones most capable of toppling the regime or collective in power... because they're also the ones most capable of making believable arguments AGAINST them... and being SUCCESSFUL. \nReally think about that one... and do some research. The people that will actually be in power already know WHO to get rid of... before their \"Great Emancipation\" of the masses even starts.  \nMy advice... don't EVER dissent after you lose your place... or speak up about things you disagree with. The STATE always knows what is best so your inconveniences are NECESSARY... that others may get what they need. And you don't own anything anymore... so you LITERALLY have nothing left to lose by their standards, not even your life... because those who serve willingly are lapdogs unworthy of respect, and those who dissent are an infection to \"THE CAUSE.\"\nALL are re-replaceable... because individuals are NOT special... only the Collective... which actually means the STATE... or more correctly... the people that run the STATE.  \nYour other options are to flee or fight... so under socialism... there are NO SAFE CHOICES (OR SPACES) and your feelings mean NOTHING (even when your children are being raped, starved, and/or dismembered in front of you).   \nThink about this for a moment... if Communism is really about the PUBLIC GOOD and PUBLIC ownership... why in the HELL is there ALWAYS a government (STATE) managing it? And if there is no state managing it, who will enforce the rules and make the decisions? Won't they still be a default STATE even if they have no real classifications or titles?\n\nConcerning Anarchy...it comes from the greek words \"an\" meaning without, and \"archon\" which was a sovereign (divine, or representative of the divine) leader. \nSovereignty is based upon the right to rule as bequeathed by a pantheon, deity, or some form of higher power. That is why the kings and queens of England are also the head of the Church of England. Nations are also Sovereign for similar reason but... that's for another time.\nANARCHY actually means, \"Without earthly (mortal) masters.\" \nThe term was mainly used to describe \"lesser\" tribes and peoples that had no discernible or known central rulers, deities, or governing body.\nClinical Psychologists and other Erudite Scholarly Types (Practically all of whom, like 99.8%, are leftist by the way) will explain that people are inherently chaotic and/or abhorrent by nature... and that the absence of leadership inevitably leads to CHAOS (so they can then justify CONTROLLING OTHERS) though any leaders (mostly erudite schmucks) we follow are also human... and therefore no better than the ones they control... even when they CLAIM to be of divine right. \nYeah, like that makes ANY rational sense. Humanity would be incapable of surviving past a few generations if that were true no matter who was in control... because the controlled and controllers would constantly innovate their ability to destroy one another as they rebel (at the cost of all other pursuits)... until one side or another won and the process began anew in following generations (if any). Just as likely, both parties would quickly perish from total LACK OF TRUST and their inability to co-operate. \n\nNOW things get interesting: The right is often touted to resort to ethnic superiority as its default extremist view. But this is only accorded by erudite leftists and other scholarly HACKS who also claim that the Nazi Socialist Party were somehow a \"right wing\" regime. There are NO conservative (right wing) Nazi's and never were, because there are NO right wing SOCIALISTS... and the Nazi's were creating a \"Utopian Society\" that abandoned or re-wrote family and traditional norms instead of upholding them. Liberals (BY DEFINITION) shirk tradition to embrace change. CONSERVATIVES approach change with caution (not out of fear) to protect and defend things of PROVEN MERIT and VALUE (beliefs, traditions, resources, relationships, etc.) ... not by race... but by family and cultural MORAL distinctions.\nThe default extremism of the right is based on moral zealotry... not race nor superiority. It is actually defending and protecting what is most valued and dear to us... our FAMILY and TRADITION. This is also the DEFAULT NATURE of general humanity... for any person left alone eventually seeks to create a family and/or traditions of their own. \nUnless they're inherently born sociopaths, psychopaths, etc. (of course). Or... should through life they suffer similar diseases of the mind and/or spirit that lead them toward DEPRAVITY.      \n\nThat being said, the default of Anarchy (having no earthly masters) is NOT chaos, mobocracy, nihilism, or any of that rubbish... it is Family and Tradition... which can best be summed up over time as Cultural Morality. That is... the collection of PROVEN beliefs/insights/methods/observations, etc. garnered over time that allow people to survive and/or also do well within (and as) a society.\n\n\nBack to Sovereignty: Under other forms of government National Sovereignty is typically held by the CHURCH, Ruling Family, or STATE... NOT the CITIZENS.\n\nAmerica is a CIVIL AUTHORITY... as established by our Declaration of Independence... the \"endowed by their creator\" part, which no matter your personal belief (secular or non-secular) infers DIVINE STATUS to ALL sentient beings (Humanity). This INHERENT and INSEPARABLE personal recognition... as a FACT of BIRTH (and/or Voluntary Acceptance) makes ALL AMERICANS individually AND collectively SOVEREIGN as a NATION. Our National Sovereignty resides within each of us as a nation of PEERS (siblings of divine heritage) not the STATE... and we LEND a portion of it through CIVIL CONTRACT to enable our CAPITALIST REPUBLIC... so it may create, enforce, and interpret JUST LAWS that enable us to maintain our rights and freedoms... while our fellow citizens within those offices also deal with various infrastructure, defense, and international affairs... BUT ONLY ON OUR BEHALF. \nThis was enabled by DIVIDING the typical powers of a Sovereign Ruler between 3 separate but equal branches with many offices as well as a system of checks and balances. (& the 2A)\n\nIn summary... America and Americans have NO EARTHLY MASTERS... and we are a nation of LAWS. \n\nTHUS: BY ACTUAL DEFINITION... America IS a CONSERVATIVE ANARCHY   \nEMBRACE IT \n\nHuGGz
Lenin said that the end goal of socialism is communism and Marx used the terms socialism and communism interchangeably. Furthermore, Scandinavia and those countries are pulling back from social programs such sas single payer health care.
Wish you would've clarified more to what was on that right end of democratic socialism... I find it hard to figure out whether I'm a democratic socialist or a social democrat on this chart.. Also where you'd put Bernie Sanders on this is hard to place between the two as well.. though I know he's not that far left on the chart to be considered communist
Guy, your definition of \"Socialism,\" is the exact definition of Communism: a society where the means of production are (supposedly) controlled by the people or proletariat.  In practice, however, the means of production are always controlled by a PRIVILEGED few Plutocrats who put themselves in power by very undemocratic and illegitimate means (violence).  It is usually a one party state because no opposition or intellectual diversity is permitted.  This, incidentally, is why Socialism, Communism, Fascism, and Nazism are all evil to the core.  Freedom from the iron fist and violence of the state is the only way to have and maintain a just society.  And, because schools are all now controlled by the state, children are no longer taught the inherent dangers of government.
“Free Education”\n\nPaid for by the government. \n\nHow does the government make money?
Wow and here I thought when the Idea of left and right were talked about .... The extreme  far left could be looked at as total government control over the people ....  and the extreme  far right would be no government what so ever... So in that thinking  Anarchist would fall under the extreme far right ...on the complete opposite end of the spectrum you would find government under Socialism, Communism, and Fascism ..
All you need to know is both socislism and communism as conceived and practiced thus far will figuratively fuck the individual on the arse. The socialist will say it is good for you anf you will like it, the communist really does not care for you either way. In either case you're were still ass fucked.
not gonna lie, been calling myself a democratic socialist for a while when in reality my views are social democratic...\n\nBerny is the same thing...so many people who actually believe in Social Democracy are calling themselves Democratic Socialists. TBH though, I would've drawn the diagram of Social Democracy overlaying both Socialism and Capitalism because it has strong aspects of both.
Second note...Neither Communism, Socialism and Capitalism are inherently Evil...they ALL have the ability to become used for Evil...just depends on who takes control..
Theft and Death
You gather most forms of anarchy is as far right as you can get right?
\"free\" education/healthcare isn't paid by the government. The government is just a middle man thieving from the productive just like the mafia.   Sweden/Bernie/Cuba/Nazis/China all believe in forced collectivism in varying degrees so not nothing. In all these places collectivism is more important than the individual so full of greedy people trying to get a free ride.
I like much of what you have to say, but the description of Anarchism being a form of Communism is extremely flawed at best.
Why did so many Cubans want to leave Cuba and why are they still leaving in droves? Democratic Socialism doesn't seem to work so well.
Stop being sheeple and use your own brains!
not paid for by the government, paid for by the people's taxes.  wrong already?
Communism took over Britain in 1945 straight after the second world war.
yaaaaaawn seems like someone is trying to paint socialism as something \"good\".
With this explanation, it can be concluded that Venezuela is currently under a socialist, marxist (renamed bolivarian, although bolivar had nothing to do with marx or his thoughts) and communist.
All of these terms are the same just to different extremes this is the two factors that matter; can property be owned by the people and is profit illegal. In communist nations all property is owned by the government and profit is illegal. Meanwhile Socialists demonize the wealthy, want a redistribution of wealth and confiscation of property ownership.
Very well made video. Even though my views are on the right I still found this very informative and unbiased.
Cuba is owned by the Castro family.
It seems to me that plutocracy has taken over.
You failed to place fascism on your socialist chart. It might be placed where you had social democracy since it does embrace  capitalism but is still part of the socialist map.
Still don't want to give someone else something I worked my ass off for.
“The goal of socialism is communism”- Vladimir Lenin
Socialism - a political and economic theory of social organization that advocates that the means of production, distribution, and exchange should be owned or regulated by the community as a whole.\n\nYou left off \"or regulated\". Truth in advertising qualifies as regulation.\n\nThis is an anti-socialist hack piece.
So where does national socialism fit into your little diagram?
(Last one) As I understand it, some ten percent of the production companies in USA are owned by the workers in cooperatives, meaning that they are socialist.
I don't think I've ever met a self-identified socialist who has actually claimed that workers should own the means of production. They are for strong unions and strong workplace regulations, and of course a share of the profits (they worked for it).
Actually, the definition of socialism is that the workers own the means of production, not a community or a state, as would be the case under communism. Socialism is not necessarily anti-capitalist, although democratic socialism is. Also, note that many anti-communist movements have been socialist, such as the solidarity movement in Poland and the student revolt at Tiananmen Square.
Fucking What? Please repeat. Thanks
Good video overall, but I most definitely would not lump anarchism in with the socialist family as a sub-category. Rather it should be another umbrella category that sits on the bottom of the other two so your graph can occasionally overlap with the others when relevant.
Power corrupts, absolute power corrupts absolutely. Given that ALL governments are the same. They all accumulate power which corrupts them. The minor differences in policies are just that-minor. They all centralise power which is used to get more power and wealth. The real difference in ideology is between those that believe people should be ruled by a political gang and those that don't. Decentralise all power. Everything thing should be done voluntarily with no coercion at all. Coercion is force and force is violence. ALL government's are violent, only the level of violence differs.
Uhhh, still too confusing.
Capitalism serves the customer. Socialism doesn't because of \"worker\" narcissism that competes against the narcissism of the customer. People then make the argument by degree, which is fallacious & is detrimental to freedom in general because once you introduce the spill-over theory's cousin (argument of degrees) then you automatically fuck everyone over with a bullshit culture of hyper-egotism that has nothing to do with the development of civilization.
Well done. Covered everything. Very thorough and detailed. Maybe minus the umbrellas examples and replace them with more general audience so we can share it with our social media adversary pals.
Ive read your website and wholeheartedly disagree. You quote Fight Club and Startreak for crying out loud. Communism a and Socialism have failed many timed on their own. We intervened to stop its spread. Why do you think China has converted to capitalism? Because it works.  We Already have socialist aspects to our government(social security, welfare etc). Things you don't address on your webiste... who governs and makes all the rules? Who decides where your personal space starts and ends? How do you reward hard work? How do you incentivize hard work and innovation? Capitalism mimics evolution in a way and thats why it works. Communism and Socialism would make everyone poor, Capitalism rewards those who work hard and innovate. GTFO you commie.
there is no difference. money, power, control, greed, corruption. all mental diseases, failures, destroyers. capitalism and republic democracy only successful form of gov't. period. history's proven so time and time again. the rest narcissistic, evil, garbage.
Between 2. Among 3 or more.
Kind of leaving out the part where the pinkos are usually totalitarian governments, if not outright dictatorships, with a huge history of trampling human rights and suppressing individual freedoms for the \"greater good\" of \"the people\". Just the freedom of speech exemplified in the making this video is usually non-existent in those places. Hell, the technology of the internet would never have even materialized if not for capitalism.. Commies always liked hiding behind the word \"socialism\", and those of us who lived through the Cold War will never forget this.
You have given us YOUR definition of socialism.  You did say it could mean pretty much whatever you wanted.
Cuba a democracy controlled by the people?  That's a laugh.
their actually was a very prominent socialist sector fo the nazi movement. Earnst Roam the leader of the nazis brown shirt thugs wanted a sort of socialism, however he got executed and the nazis ditched any socialist leanings when they got into government. Also don't qoute me on this but I think the term \"National Socialist\"   is meant to emphasize the collective nature of socilism, however this collectivism would be carried out through nationalism not the redistribution of wealth.
Capitalism is an economic model under proper liberalism. The comparison should be leftist versus right (small government, liberal society), not capitalism per sé
So the left keeps changing shit to steal freedom from the right. Got it. Where does neo nazism , stalenism , fall i to this chart?
As a Cuban who’s lived under Castro and still has family in Cuba whom I constantly speak to, this guys whole assumption about the people being in power lack footing in reality.\n\nAlso the whole pay the worker as much as possible is complete BS. Part of the reason socialism and communism fail to work all throughout history.
There is no difference between Socialist, Communist or Marxist. It's easy to just pick up a dictionary and see the definitions are the same. There are only 2 semi Socialist countries left on Earth - Cuba and North Korea. Sweden is in no way Socialist. Not unless you also believe America is Socialist.
I became more confused after watching the video.
Did I miss where you mentioned the workers paradise that is North Korea?
call it what you will -- it doesn't matter because the end result is the same... the enslavement of the individual to the state. It destroys economic freedom and confiscates the labor of the individual for the benefit of the collective.\n\n    It's always worked so well every time it's been tried... take Venezuela as an example, or the USSR, or Cuba, or DPRK, or Myanmar.\n     Socialism is consistent in providing a poor standard of living coupled with a substantial lack of individual freedoms.\n\nThe apologists, like this video maker, always try to draw these distinctions in an effort to shield socialism from the  blame it deserves for the horrors it has brought upon the world.\nThe most amusing apologetic is the \"no true scotsman\" fallacy --- you know how it goes: \" well, the USSR wasn't TRUE socialism, Cuba isn't TRUE socialism, Venezuela isn't TRUE socialism... just trust us and we'll do it right... uhhhmmmm ...NO
Good video though.??
There are difference yes, mostly in the detail on paper.  But the arguments tend to be how these terms are being used wrongfully and how these countries use it that ends up in the bad scale.  Which as we seen in history from multiple empires, always lead to totalitarian regime.  And just because some of these are umbrella terms, its like adding frosting on a bad cake, may taste and look nice at the top and on the outside but dig in deeper and you’ll get the dirt of the cake.  Basically, from your chart shown in your video, it doesn’t look like a feasible option.
Where's the proof that all this is true ?
So the only economic system that actually works is capitalism.
Communism isn't the final stage of socialism (the absence of a state and so on and a utopian society..)  Socialism is the final stage and communism is the the stage in wich the government takes control of the economy under tyrannical rule. That's why socialism is the the utopia and communism is not. So, 1-revolution, 2-communism, 3-socialism.
Communism, Marxism, Socialism, Bolshevism and  Democracy are all genocidal Babylonian Talmudic based large-scale organized crime systems run by Jews, for Jews and relying on “herds” of disposable Goyim slaves, allowing the Parasitic ruling Oligarchy of Jewish Nihilists to live in luxury.
You've seriously over complicated socialism. Let me simplify it for you.\nI exist, therefore you owe me = socialism in a nutshell.
They all are centrally planned economies. Marxist.
Right off the bat wrong in the title. It isnt that communism and socialism are diffrent communism is one of many types of socialism like in capitalism there are many types libertarianism conservatism ect both capitalist they don't say the other is diffrent than capitalism both have the rich controlling means of production and privatization which is the definition
Portugal is the ONLY country that has Socialism as a goal written on its constitution
Great video!
Great video, though the U.S. crowd will generally not understand your challenges to their propagandist definitions that they've embraced in the same way that they embrace religion. Zealotry, violence, and a continued lack of education about governmental and economic systems are at the core of the utter false narrative that purveys the U.S. understanding. If not derived from the idiot box of television, they will reject your more informed position as \"fake\". The average idiot in the U.S. has no education in politics or civics, but will utter their opinions as though they had a degree in those subjects.
Where is Stalinism?
@2:08 it looks like one of those Illumanti parody videos of how everything is connected to a one-eye!
Cuba democratic, hahaha.
I appreciate this explanation more people should understand it
Your site you linked is pretty biased against capitalism as it doesn't mention any of the intensive labor or risk taken at the expense of entrepreneurs, the power and rights of employees to negotiate their wages in accordance with supply and demand, including the ability to negotiate higher wages on their own merits. As well as just generally coming off as entitled and ungrateful. But that last part is just an opinion. Can say I agree with you on anything but the definitions, but it was very informative nonetheless.
Pretty good ??
It's not the 'problem' of socialism.  It's the problem of stupid people not understanding or wanting to understand the difference.
Socialism. Communism\n Marxism. the rich. poor.  need to stop being a fool. you are all being played for fool the same people are behind it all. playing you wake up. there no reason to fight controls you self no War help don't hurt eacher others\n.
Hit the table when you speak really underlines your points...
Piece of filth trying legitimize genocide! You’re sick and a threat to humanity!
There is plenty of cultural Marxism going on in Europe and the U.S.
There are so many types of socialism and/or communism that it appears they were made to confuse.
You should wonder next socialism will lack marxism, what it seems to me is going to happen at last in Spanish America
\"The goal of socilism is comunisism\" ! Vladimir  Lenin
You talk a lot about the economic factors. but never the political or real-world factors. like how this community you speak of is under the rule of a dictatorship?  the dictatorship that owns the community and is in charge of regulating and governing the people.China is communist they have child slavery, human trafficking, sweet shops it must wonder if you were picked by the government to have a specific job that suits you. But the reality is we need trashmen, and sewage workers and people to clean Sh** and do shi*y jobs. this is explain how that works in socialism?? basic freedoms and rights are also lost in socialism. The Cuban people don't own shit! the Cuban people are oppressed by Castro and his onslaught. the dictatorship of the socialist \"ruling party\" run the military, drugs, exports, imports, and make the people work for wages so minuscule they can barely survive. I have been there and have a friend from theirs. You people always try to justify the socialistic idea of community but never mention that a faction of selected community leaders above all else(oligarchy, dictators) rule everything, remove peoples sovereignty, and oppress people for their own personal gain...Factors Socialism was created to implement communism, Marx openly states this, Lenin openly states And Troskey openly this and quotes this. Socialism Has a never will work anywhere in the world.  Dictators don't like to share power and community they like to control people through power.  We dont ever have to worry about socialism here in America and the post office is not a socialist inventions (via fed ex-competition) innovation!!! We live in an nationalist constitutional elected republic... USA!
\"Death is a preferable alternative to Communism!\" - Liberty Prime
No gay lgbt ppl in soviet union :))
not true we are Democratic Socialists, not Socialists. 2 different things!
You missed Anarcho-Capitalism AKA Ancap. You glossed over the NAZI system, where the owners of private businesses important to the State were appointed by the government. You also glossed over the millions dead by Leftist ideology.
This comment takes the form of a Glossary.\n\nProperty right = a relationship between one or more humans, called owners, and a physical or abstract thing owned, called property. The state and its legal system define and enforce property rights. Property rights confer prerogatives, not rights, on owners, and if this is accepted, the term \"property rights\" is a misnomer. Property rights determine the possible economic uses of property, and the conditions under which use rights can be transferred from an existing owner to a new owner. A property right can be of indefinite duration, or time limited. Two ready made “bundles” of property rights are in common use today: freehold, or fee simple, corresponding to the everyday understanding of ownership, and leasehold, corresponding to rental arrangements.\n\nPrivate property = Property whose associated property rights are enjoyed by individuals or firms.\n\nCapital goods = land, natural resources, buildings, machinery and intellectual property (mainly patents, copyrights and trademarks). The production and distribution of all goods and services invariably require capital goods. \n\nMarket economy = system whereby anybody can start a business, and any business can be shut down by its owners. A business can charge any price it wishes to charge. Buyers are free to buy or not buy what a business offers for sale. If unsold goods pile up (sell out), prices and production are cut (increased). Hence prices are the result of never ending trial and error. Under a market economy, capital goods are private property.\n\nCapitalism = market economy augmented by bank credit and a sharemarket. In a market economy that is not capitalist, all firms are proprietorships and partnerships. Borrowing from a bank is not an option. Hence firms pay for capital goods by dunning the proprietor or partners, or by saving part of their profits over time instead of paying out those profits to their owners. The sharemarket makes it much easier to acquire a small stake in a firm, and to come up with a selling price for part or all of such small stakes. The paradigmatic capitalists are stockholders, and bankers in charge of business lending.\n\nSocialism = system whereby all firms over a certain small size are operated as government departments administered by civil servants. The state pockets any profits, and covers any losses. Today, the only clear socialist economies are North Korea and Cuba. Under socialism, capital goods are owned by the state. To date, the administration of every socialist state has been authoritarian, peremptory and undemocratic. An unsolved problem under socialism is getting industrial and retail prices right. High prices strangle happiness; low prices result in careless and wasteful use.\n\nCommunism = (a) utopian system imagined by Marx that has yet to materialise anywhere; (b) colloquial term for the authoritarian socialist economies that emerged in the 20th century, and that almost all failed by the end of that century.\n\nMixed economy = system with a mix of state owned and privately owned firms.  The state also regulates the price, quantity and quality of some goods and services produced by private firms.  Every nation on Earth is a mixed economy, excepting the handful of remaining socialist economies.\nThe mixed economies around us thrive to varying degrees, because nothing human under the sun is perfect. Some (the Left) believe that taking steps in the socialist direction would yield greater happiness; others (the Right and the Libertarians) believe that happiness lies in taking steps towards a purer market/capitalist economy. I don't expect this debate to end within the lifetime of anyone now living.
Socialism doesn't work and communism is a utopian fantasy. Your example of a true communist society(Star Trek) makes the latter clear. While, every socialist state that has ever existed makes the former utterly clear. Unless you can do it better...
Shit...bullshit...and horseshit\n\nFify
Am I right when I state the u.s. is “supposed” to be a capitalistic democratic socialist republic?   Although it seems to be leaning towards a authoritarian nationalistic oligarch demagoguery...
In countries like China, the former USSR, Cuba, and the Eastern Bloc countries (before 1989) the PEOPLE had NO SAY in anything as regarding how the country was run, or how resources were allocated. Every communist country ends up as a dictatorship sooner or later.  To equate 'the state' with 'the people' is a favorite commie trick. The 'People's Republic of China' is neither a republic, nor is it 'of the people' at all.
The Cuban State is run by the Cuban people??? C'mon, everyone knows that is total BS. It's been a communist DICTATORSHIP since Castro took over in 1956.
minute differences. it's all central control of the masses while the elites get rich and powerful. it is the biggest lie in human history
[4:10} Cuba is democratic?  I think not.  Dictators
That chart clears things up nicely. Thank you.
I have no hope for us cleaning up this mess anytime soon, but at least I can finally explain how my transition from libertarian to fascist is more democratic in the sense of actually enforcing the peoples' will. I mostly agree with the views of Oswald Mosley, but may have a stronger leaning to social democracy due to conservatives and ancaps being cucked into believing net neutrality is a bad thing.
Or maybe the only thing they have in common is...\nthey're collectivist?
Cuba is \"democratic\"?  (4:00)  This guy is an idiot and a troll.
There are ONLY TWO kings of governments:\nSovereignty of the Citizen: Where the government works FOR the Citizen and does what they tell it to do.\nOR\nSovereignty of The STATE: Where YOU work FOR the government.  The GOVERNMENT tells you what to do, what to read, what to hear, what to see, what to think.....And your ONLY value to the STATE is \"How much can we take from you\" ....  \n \"Pay 'Your fair share' for the 'good of the collectiv', Tovarish\"...\nSovereignty of the STATE only works when the populace are UNARMED SHEEPLE...Maintaining power over an unwilling populace is SO MUCH EASIER when they DON'T HAVE ANY GUNS...
Communism says: \"Workers own the means of production\"........ BUT you can't buy stock in The Izhmash Arsenal in Tula...\nWith Capitalism, If you buy ONE SHARE of stock, you have just as much right to go to the stockholders meeting and jump up down on the C.E.O.'s  desk and sell him shit, as someone with 1,000,000  shares.   If you buy one share in 100 companies, and go to all the stockholders meetings, you start to have an effect on those companies, because the people with 100,000 shares can't be bothered to show up ...
This video.. Eleven minutes. My explanation eleven seconds. They're all on the road to becoming communist. Just use softer names to lure the useful idiots and puppets to their cause.
There's another name for a group of private individuals with a shared interest: a community. So the definition of socialism can be read as: \"A society in which the means of production are owned by the community instead of by the community.\" If this makes sense to you, you're probably a left extremist.
Dude, you're 2 minutes in and all you've done is drop some names of politicians. Why is it that left extremists can never just get to the point?!
This is a bad way of thinking about things. It is more likely any person falls on both sides of this dumb imaginary line. Whereas I believe in private business, but prisons should never be privately run. And while I still believe in private businesses, I just think roads should be maintained through taxes. So it not like anyone is either capitalist or socialist, it is far more likely that we are all somewhat a little of both. These days you got big mouthed far lefts and rights spouting off like anyone gives a shit what they think. But the truth is most of us got common sense and fall near the middle. It's common sense that things like schools, roads and prisons should be available to everyone and there for funded through taxes and monitored by the government. But you can't do that same thing with bakeries and butcher shops because not everyone uses them.
So what you're saying is that socialism and communism is the same thing... Well I already knew that... there no difference between the 2. Wtf? I thought I was missing something
Your website, says many incorrect statements, not to mention no socialist or communist society actually has been successful, and it goes against human nature, human nature doesn’t change, hasent and won’t
I really wish people would stick to the dictionary definitions of these terms instead of making up their own definitions.  His definition of socialism is not correct.  Socialism in my hard copy Merriam-Webster dictionary says that the state runs/owns/distributes everything, not the community.
??
Nothing
Reasonable explanation and I would agree that this is pretty accurate ... That doesn't change the fact that capitalism or a society where one can pursue their personal self-interest is the moral standard ... anything that seeks to do the opposite will end up sacrificing human life for their common good as what principles you hold matter and will go to extremes eventually.
@T11:00 \n\nNautre, mis spelling.
Everyone is equal in communism. Equally poor, except the dictators.
Startrek is far from classless though.
Interesting distinctions. However, the aspect that sticks out to me is that the \"socialist\" communist nations, and some \"democratic\" socialist nations, are controlled by a central party, and while there are \"People's Congresses\" of one sort or another, they almost always fall into line with party leadership - which typically leads to one individual (or small group of power brokers) - thus serving as little more than a panacea for the people who actually fall for the \"people's movement\" rhetoric.\n\nI think a lot of people who think they're socialists would chaff at, rebel against, or merely cower, when they discover the true nature of their government, especially if they took part in emplacing it.
Social democracy is predicated on redistribution of wealth, it is Marxist & antithetical to capitalism.\n\nHumans are the means of all production. Capitalism demands self ownership & is the defacto means in which all people own \"the means of production\" this ownership is individual. \n\n(Insert new bullshit qualifier ) socialism is predicated on the \"socialization\" of the means of production. It is collectivist & anti individual.\n\nSlavery is socialism. Whatever qualifier you put in front of it reduces to taking the right of individual ownership & murdering it so those that rule society may do so without worrying about violations of individual rights hampering their visions.
As an Australian, I am SO TIRED of people calling my country \"Socialist\". WE ARN'T, OK.
Democratic cubs what a joke. You vote for one guy or vote to get killed
MAGA!!
Part of a series on Marxism\nhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=r0wEAszsMRU&t=269s
Do: Free Will vs Slavery and how they are distributed differently between Socialism and Capitalism
Cuba doesn't have legitimate elections... Castro and his brother have ruled Cuba together for decades.
China, Bernie Sanders, Cuba, sweden and the nazis DO have one thing in common. Big Government.
\"paid for by the government\" ahhahahahahahahah.
Democracy requires choice. Cuba, being a one-party system, is by definition not democratic. Sham elections with one choice do not a democracy make.
What we have here is your typical communist scree. If you can't Dazzle them with Brilliance baffle them with bull shit! What we have here is 2000 Shades of Grey and attempting to differentiate the despised communism term with the new improved user-friendly socialist moniker. Communists /Socialists are essentially the same damn thing. They live in the grand delusional cult idea of try it you'll like it. This is why you will never get a straight answer from the communist. They have a million and one reasons why they're delusional political ideology always fails. And it's never the fault of their ideology. The great grand social scam is ,in Humanity nobody is equal. And no amount of government or propaganda bullshit is going to change this fact! Communism/ socialism love to talk about the uneducated poor downtrodden masses that they claim to protect. No it's just a con job to take advantage of these people to put slightly smarter people into power. And when it comes down to it the same globalist Elites are running things behind the scenes. Where do you think the October Revolution got its funding? Where do you think the Nazi party got its funding? Where do you think Mao got his funding? What was it the grand poobah Rothschild said? He didn't care who was in charge as long as he controlled everything.
Great Work! In the Link,  a similar video of mine but in Spanish ?  https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=6iGCozEgzGM&t=778s#
Seems like a distinction without a difference since economies crash and people starve either way
saying cuba is democratic is like saying rape is unexpected sex surprise!!\nI am venezuela the shit hole country thanks to socialism/communism!
Stop Talking about what the Ideology is and get to the GRIT. THE MEAT. THE BRASS TACKS.\nHOW DO YOU INTEND TO ENACT THIS IDEOLOGY?\nOR MORE HONESTLY,\nAT WHAT POINT DO YOU & YOUR FELLOWS COME TO KILL MY PEOPLE AND \"REDISTRIBUTE\" OUR THINGS?
I'm economically right winged I did find the video informative as often I find that many economic leftists find themselves bouncing back and forth between definitions of these things. I believe properly regulated capitalism will simply benefit mankind more in terms of technology, motivation and overall wealth. \n\nWe should be a society that discourages welfare abuse perpetuated by able bodied people. The least amount of people on welfare and the more working the more revenue we get to invest in infrastructure, technology and medical advances. Socialist countries seemingly have provided nothing to the world except cuban cigars and misery. \n\nThe reasons many people become socialist or communist is not always because they want free shit, but because they see people struggle. I believe these problems can be fixed in a capitalist society if addressed properly. In some cases welfare might be needed and can save us some money too. An example would be looking at homelessness figuring out if it's a mental health issue or drug addiction issue then provide the service. Reducing the need for more police judges ect. \n\nThat is just an example and we need to know the potential benefits to see if it's worth it or if we need to keep looking at different ideas.
This guy IS A DUMBASS
I hope you die commie
Scandinavia is about 50% socialist. This is simply because the total tax on the money from when it enters your wallet to when it's in someone elses is about 50%, in other words, government controls about 50% of the means of production. Capitalism is also not antisocialist inherently, it is only against socialism involving violence.
All -isms, all ideologies, be it capitalism, socialism, libertarianism, anarchism, liberalism or nationalism, prevent Lucidity.\n\nAll beliefs, religions, traditions, philosophies, opinions, perspectives, theories, prevent Lucidity.\n\nThey act like a filter, which limits, distorts, shapes and colors all perceptions.\n\nTherefore, your brain never Perceives anyone or anything as it actually is.\n\nMoreover, they invent the illusion of division, separation, and disconnection between the me and the not me, which breeds conflict, violence, and suffering.\n\nSee the danger.\n\nThe brain must be Totally Free in order to Perceive what is...the isness, the fact, the act, the actual...what is actually taking place from moment to moment, free of any interpreter or censor.\n\nThen and only then is one capable of actually Living Love, Peace, Joy, Kindness, Goodness, Compassion (Passion for All), Beauty, Creativity, Feeling, ExperiencING, Lucidity, Truth, Wisdom...in Communication, Communion, Relationship with everyone and everything, for the very first time, in each and every moment of daily life.\n\nSo first Inner Total Freedom. Then and only then can there be Outer Total Freedom in the society.\n\nOnly such a brain can usher in a Whole New Way of Living rooted in Love and Wisdom.\n\nWithout Inner Total Freedom, you will only be moving from one form of tyranny to another form of tyranny, calling it growth, progress, or evolution.
A pathological liar, clearly a Leftist who has no clue what the truth is.
The state doesn't pay for anything. They take tax off you and then use your money to pay for 'free' health care and education. They are basically saving money for people because they are incapable of having savings to pay for health care. In the case of education its a bit different because you can't have a job without education in most cases to pay for it.
Correction: The 'Star Trek' society is most certainly NOT Communist! It fails to meet the criteria on (at least) two counts:\n1) A Communist society is, by definition, moneyless; whilst Star Trek does indeed not use CURRENCY, it does sport MONEY (in both roles as a medium for transactions and for the material storage of intrinsic value) in the form of 'gold-pressed latinum'.\n2) There is absolutely no concept of private property in a Communist society - also by definition; in at least one episode from The Next Generation TV series (e.g. TNG season 4, episode 2 - \"Family\") references are made to Capt. Picard's brother, Robert, and the \"Picard family vineyards\" in northeastern France...\n\nThe very least you could've done, was to do a modicum of research on the claim, rather than simply parroting it over... How disappointing!
Communism is Anarchistic, not the other way around. While most coherent forms of Anarchism are communistic, like Anarcho-Communism and Collectivism, there is Mutualism which is a form of Market Socialism and doesn't fit under Communism.
From your own website: 'Most people agree that capitalism is an unfair system' - RIDICULOUS generalisation! Forced equality is what is not fair!
Your voice is hurts my soul...
Well, I didn't expect to be giving this one a thumbs up.  Nice video, and totally worth the damage it's going to do to my 'suggested video' feed for the foreseeable future.
Accidentally destroyed one of the few pro-socialism arguments at 4:44. If scandinavia isn't socialist, then I can't think of a socialist country that isn't a \"shithole country\".
'explained by a marxist'\nso its in no way a reflection of reality\ngotcha
People think scandinavia is socialist. Whaaaat?
0:57 All paid for by the tax paying citizens
Great video, but I think you should've added a remark stating that originally, the terms Communism and Socialism were interchangeable. Well, at least Marx used the terms  this way. The change on terminology occured much later, inbetween translations and revisions.
What's Venezuela?
I went to this site and... \n\"If you are a worker, then you are not paid your worth. The value that you produce as a worker is worth more than the wage that your boss gives you. Your boss exploits you and your labour for profit - to make money. \" im done with this bullshit
I'm getting my education on economics from Thomas Sowell and Milton Friedman, you can't go wrong if you understand and appreciate what they have to say.
Star trek has crew members of different ranks. One is captain for example. Is that classless or what does classless mean?
Correction, The democratic primary was rigged and stolen by Hillarys bitch, debbie Wasserman schultz.
Thank you very much for the content. I dont agree with Socialism I consider myself very economically Right but the content was brilliant thank you so much.
They have one thing in common, they are all dick heads
Evil Capitalist: \"Whatever will sell the most.\" Cuban parliament: \"Whatever there is a great need for.\" You commies really don't know what markets actually are, do you?
MEGA-MURDERERS try and spot the theme in the idiolagy that commit the most murderers https://www.hawaii.edu/powerkills/MEGA.HTM
Another problem with all the Socialist ideas is it requires the ruling body to have supreme power over the individual and the data show it always leads to death, murder, Kill. The less government the better.  https://www.hawaii.edu/powerkills/WHY.HTM
In those Socialist ideologies I still don't see how it would encourage innovation of new ideas, technology, means of supply or which ideas, tech and means of supply are the best. How would you realistically encourage hard work without being capitalist. How do you stop people being lazy and just not working or being bad at it?
how would you call right wing anarchism where there is no state and everything is privatised, but the society isnt classless?
No matter what name you call yourself, if anyone fall under the \"umbrella term\" \"socialism\", you're getting on your knees and getting shot in the back of your head.
It's funny that you ask about doctors vs janitors at the end of the video.  I'm 80% through by medical training and working as a medical resident in the US.  We make decent wages at this point (about national average, after 8-12 years of college level courses), but we also have a great earning potential when we get through residency.  I was exhausted in the ICU last week and was watching the janitor pushing a bin down the hall, told my wife I felt was fantasizing about being able to go to work for a week without putting in 80 hours of work and still feeling inadequate to the task I was given.  I can assure you that as much as all the resident in my program love our work, if there wasn't a carrot being offered at the end of this very arduous road very few would ever take this path.  \n\nAnd it isn't a simple task of cutting our hours, because we need these 1000's of patient encounters to get sufficiently trained, so cutting back to a 40 hour week, would just make medical school take 8 years and residency 6+ years to train most physicians.  Ultimately I think the system works incredibly well (just look at the phenomenal changes in our word over the last 300 years).  Free markets (Relatively free at least)  and private property are probably the joint sources of the greatest jump in prosperity that humanity has ever known and significantly hampering of either leads to stagnation like in Cuba.
The government does not pay for anything, the taxpayers do.
Anarchism will always lead to capitalism!
I always think of capitalism in Europe as a tidy garden: it has to be pruned and taken care of to bear fruit. Both free market fundamentalism and over regulation stifle growth and competition. But then I've never even read a book on economics.
Pardon me, but the cover image of the video is wrong, Marxism-Leninism is not a part of orthodox marxism, in fact historically it is not only against but its existence is reliant on going against orthodox marxism
Basically, they are all left wing ideologies that kill people.
I think your definition of socialism is too restrictive.  In particular, a society in which the means of production is controlled by workers cooperatives, where membership in a cooperative controlling any given means of production is restricted to all current and retired workers in that means of production would also be a socialist society, although by your definition we would need to deny that.
communism doesn't work because only a few races and cultures think work is fun\n\nall you other fucks belong in a god damn zoo with your ADD \"look at me\" and your jealousy and your \"hay I did a nice thing so I'm going to steal from that guy I was nice to\" \n\nya that's right. work is fun. driving past a building and saying \"hay I remember when I helped build that thing\" is nostalgic. even the fucken girls love it when they see their hairy stinky sweaty man covered in mud and dirt. \n\n \"that guy is working to hard, lets get him!\" is an actual thing https://youtu.be/uylEi6n9yho?t=133 \nso it will never work, it will never happen and you are demonized if you do a little more at work because \"oh this package hasn't ben delivered yet let me just do that real quick, I still got time\" is seen as you getting more attention making the ADD guy sad \n\neven explaining it will not help these creatures understand it's like a beaver talking to a cat
Please, name me one country where communism worked... I'll wait
thank you for this. maybe you should add \"theoretically\" to the bits about cuba being REALLY socialist. and more on the means of achieving the goals described could not hurt
I wouldnt say Sweden and the Scandinavian countries have a small amount of government intervention. The USA has a small amount, Canada has slightly more and the Scandinavian countries have a lot more. Upper tax brackets in the 60-70% range with far more people being taxed at that rate is not what I would call small government intervention.
Differences don't matter all are worthless scum
The government doesn't pay for a damn thing , it is the TAX PAYERS who pay for it . Only one minute into this and you are off on that major of a point ?  Not real hopeful for the rest of it .  Yeah be sure to point out Nazi Germany was a totalitarian regime and ignore the same trait in Cuba and China . Damn , I was hoping for accurate facts . Should have known .
All that matters is the most balanced countries in the world (where happiness index and wealth index are both similarly high) use a hybrid economy known as a surplus economy. basically, resources are used domestically with surplus being exported for profit. This keeps cost of living down, quality of life up and disposable income available to the modal consumer at reasonably high levels. However, it comes with the requirement of successfully managing high income taxes to support public domain infrastructure and other projects. \n\nSuch economies permeate the Nordic nations, which are considerably wealthier than their European neighbours while also maintaining an extremely high level of citizen happiness. No country is perfect of course, and these countries rely on high-demand exports to generate this surplus based profit. Fortunately, such countries have these high-demand exports to work with. It's a nearly perfect blend of socialism and capitalism which has proven to be economically stable without infringing on citizen rights.
2:50 The nazi's said they were socialists. Were they socialists? Not even close. Bad argument for Cuba, they're communists.
They're all the same.. big government maniacs. Sweden and shit is big government idk if you realized but the state is censoring media. That's real socialism and communism in the USSR was real communism. Marxists are all idiots for not learning the mistakes of the past.
This is the least informative video I have ever watched. I could open a dictionary and be better informed. While the author defines the words correctly, he studiously never talks about what socialism really IS: forced equality of outcomes. This idea is the most deadly concept in human history, leading directly to the deaths of 200 million innocent lives in the 20th century.  So let me help you: “Socialism: A doctrine which forces equality of outcome for its followers, by stealing wealth from the most capable and productive citizens and giving it the the least capable and undeserving citizens. This crushes the work ethic of the capable, and makes the incapable even lazier and ungrateful. When the poor run out of other people’s money, the rich are killed to preserve an appearance of equality.” There. I fixed your video. You’re welcome.
hi! Nice video, but i don't think anarchism should be under socialism. Because anarchy implies no government, so it is the opposite of socialism/communism (big government).\n I think of anarchy to be the far right of capitalism no government, no laws, total individual freedom.
*National socialism instensifies*
So what do Sweden, Bernie Sanders, China, Cuba and the Nazis have in common?\n\nThey all violate the NAP
Yeah, but when will you show us socialism's real birth certificate?! /s
Thete is absolutely no difference between any of the brand names for Communism is just a matter of to what extent of deception that one brand wants to use , the British version is Fabian Socialists named after a Roman General who developed his version of warfare with attrition being the means to achieve the end , hence you can see the state of Britain in a permanent state of decay and decline a nation that will never rise from its parlous state until they kill of the Labor Party.
COMMUNISM IS A TEMPORARY SETBACK ON THE ROAD TO FREEDOM.
More people have starved to death or been murdered under communism/socialism.
This is literally a bullshit video.  Smoke and mirrors.  Socialism's goal is to create a communist \"uptopia\", which has never been accomplished.  That's why they always end up with dictators or socialist parties (like the Nazis and YES THE FUCKING NAZIS WERE SOCIALISTS YOU NAY SAYING CUNTS so don't even try to argue with me because you will get fucked in that ass with facts).  \n\nNazis were the \"National Socialist German Workers Party.\"  Key word.....socialist.  Socialist is a leftist institution so I find it very interesting that Wikipedia refers to the Nazis as \"far-right.\"  You fucking leftists have been engaging in revisionist history for the last 80 fucking years.  Nobody likes your bullshit so you literally have to deceive people to gain supporters and unlucky for the rest of us there are lot of stupid humans who believe your bullshit.  Basically the choices on the left are left, far left, far far left, and east.
There are flaws to this graph that presently escape me. That said, given the ideas it treats as siginificant (i.e., largely economic ones), it is adequate. A good stepping stone overall.
the upper class don't deliberately depress wages, see: economics. Other than that good vid
Isn't Leninism a form of revisionist marxism as it introduces the idea that the revolution needs a vanguard to get started?
Sexecutive functioning fuck me that's funny
So the brevity version of this video would be.....capitalism is the only one that has produced favorable results for the average joe.
what about cultural marxism?
Totally wrong about anarchism. what about Mutualism, Anarcho Capitalism??  You only Talk about Colectivistic Anarchism. And also, national socialism is still more left than right. they wanted to seize the means of production, replace the class with the race, and make a mutual economy. and they have more left wing fascism like Juche, Strasserism, and National Bolchevism.
What about National Socialism?
Yes but when has a communist state actually succeed with out the deaths of millions
You marxists must think society is so bad that Capitalism is so exploitable and every business is going to enslave their workers and no one would care or just the fact that every business boss/CEOs are evil and as malevolent as Darth Vader himself and wants nothing more than to stuff themselves full of money and being pigs eating donuts and being a greed whore.
In a pure capitalist society competition would rid jobs of poor quality/working conditions.
Capitalists in a pure capitalist society wouldn't have slaves. Why, because that would violate the non-aggression principal. Society wouldn't need a Government to tell people that having a slave is bad, especially in this day and age. So the selling of granny isn't really a capitalist thing it's actually a corporatist thing.
if you see any of the red ones just kill, simple stuff.
left-anarchism is just communism, not actually anarchism
lel, laughed at this.
you are wrong about stating that Anarchism is on the left side. The real theory behind anarchism is no state at all. So that is more lining too the right. Reason why Anarchism and communist can get along is because they are both working on crumbling the ruling state. Both trying to destroy in order to rebuild it with their crazy ideas.
So where are neo marxists then?
So I gotta be honest, you gotta explain more about how Cuba is supposedly democratic.
The only thing I disagree with is the idea that anarchists only exist in a far left format, I'd say a more accurate representation of anarchism would be as a line along the bottom, showing that they can come in multiple economic views but still contain the same basic principles as to what a government is supposed to be
Thank you for this informative video!
money changes everything.
Just wanted to mention this is outdated, Denmark has sold Dong Energy.
Its laughable that you attempt to seperate Socialism into so many different categories but you leave Capitalism as pretty much a monlith. Yet again a communist fails to understand Capitalism.
capitalism still wins
Hey, not about the video but i went to your website and was looking around. I read this example about the three farmers that needed barns and made 1 barn to share it amongst themselves. I understand how that worked but if a fourth person came that needed a barn but did not contribute, shouldn't they charge him for using it? Or how would that work in a communist society(excuse me if i'm confusing terms)?
What about Juche?
famine kappa12345
Social democracy isn't part of communism, it is always presented with money in the means of trading.
Wouldn’t anarchism fall under capitalism because you would have the freest market of all.
Funny. He thinks Cuba has democracy!
Calling the Federation \"communist\" is pretty mind boggling. By default the name itself states the style of governance. The only thing that the Federation in StarTrek has in common with anything communist or socialist is that it doesn't use money as a medium between goods being exchanged (there are exceptions built into this obviously). They trade goods for goods, but still base the goods traded on an \"objective\" value standard. \n\nThere's even times when the Federation has to trade with other intergalactic participants, in which they then have to use a form of credit currency; which is only so because of the objective value standard.
Good video\nBut It would have been great if you you went more into detail on capitalism. \nFor example, free market capitalism and regulated capitalism
Instructions unclear, accidentally committed genocide
congrats n tnx
I'm a socialist as well
Where can i find the continuation.
Vermin sanders ??
Thanks, Im a populist...
Cuba is state capitalist- not communist
i really believe you skipped anarchism like this, bc you don't understand it. yes it has a big focus on community BUT LACKS an all ruling central government. this is basic political education. i don't believe you have read any texts by Proudhon, am i right?
no nononon NO. NO. \nAnarchism is just as far away from socialism as socialism from capitalism. socialism IS DEFINED by a strong ruling government/leader. which anarchism is not in the slightest. \nyou need two axis to define and seperate the 4 major theories of socialism, conservatism, economic liberalism and anarchism
Your German is pretty good
Good video with that being said... THE ONLY GOOD COMMUNIST IS A DEAD COMMUNIST!!!
6+ millions lives lost is what youre defending.
Labels, labels, labels. Your distinction that divides socialism from capitalism seem to be a bright-line separating state ownership from private ownership of the means of production. This is an erroneous historical distinction manufactured by the competing the propaganda campaigns of the USSR and the USA during the Cold War, since in most socialist schools of political thought the driving motivation behind socialism is to free people from oppression based in race, gender and class, and the mode of that liberation is arbitrary.
Good video. With regards to your \"90% is private industry\" figure... I'd be inclined to judge this using Government Spending vs GDP figures. Most European nations come out at about 50%. Cuba is up at 78%. Ironically, the USA is at moderately high at 35%, but that's likely accounted for by an enormous Treasury and Defence budget. Perhaps an argument that the US economy is not too dissimilar to that of China in terms of spending and taxation...
But anarchy is the capitalist utopia,  everything is based purely on goods and profit
This was pretty accurate.  I would've called them anarchist communists rather than just anarchists to avoid conflating this flavor of anarchism with the general ideology.
All governments are capitalist. International trade doesn't work otherwise.
Please tell me you're not a trotskyist.. I might have found a new favourite channel of mine tonight! (^.^)\n\nEdit: The video is wonderful, anyway! VEEEERY well done.
i lost you at 0:00
DRONES
Karl Marx approves
The difference between socialist and capitalist is that one has food
1) The Nazis DID centrally plan large portions of their economy.  It wasn't formally centrally planned, but co-ops and other arrangements allows the fascists to tell factories what to make, and any other details they wanted.  These were just \"suggestions\", but you don't disobey suggestions from a fascist govt.  For obvious reasons.  Yes, the factory et al was OWNED privately, and could exercise control where the govt did not create a mandate, but it's a HUUUGE stretch to call it a market economy. \n\nIt was a partially planned economy where the political class could orchestrate what they wanted (usually more guns etc) and could supply slave labor and mandate that sellers would accept the government's worthless IOUs in lieu of money (because again, otherwise you will be on the next cattle car out of town).  But the political class could leave the details on \"how\" up to the factory owner.  This is why it's not entirely inaccurate when the Nazis called themselves socialist.  They weren't all socialist, but they deserve to be considered a subcategory in your graph that wedges between Social Democracy and Socialism.\n\n2) Cuba is not democratic in any meaningful way.  Like many dictatorships they have a democratic FORM, but there's no actual choice or control exerted by the people.\n\nBut other than those two complaints, this is the best description of this I've ever seen.  I've tried to explain this sort of stuff via prose or speech and I've never been as satisfied with my explanation as I am with yours.  It was clear and concise and complete and acknowledged the confusion and vagueness that follows these terms due to the fact that there are so many groups pulling in different directions.  Well done.
indivualist anerist would put u to shame anrco-comuzun is not the olny from of anerky a simple serch can tell u that
it's pronounced \"Jhina\"
\"Kif what do i call my sexy-learning disability?\"\nGroans \"Sexlexia\"
I wonder why no country has ever gone past Socialism...
Socialists come to you with laws and rules to steal your wealth. Communists comes with baseball ball bats and guns to steal your wealth.
Do you know a good book to recommend that talk about these differences ?
If Sweden was socialist they wouldn't have a king.
wtf Cuba is no democracy lol
The difference between communism Marxism ecc. :None they're all shit
Communism is the plague of the world. Anything in between is just as bad.
9:05 p**s off, Socialist People's Front? We're the People's Front of Socialism :P
Excellent work. I think it makes sense to define socialism as \"government control over economy\" as opposed capitalism with private sector/investors. No country is purely either but \"public sector ratio of GDP\" gives a some kind of estimate. The high taxation and wellfare state makes Scandinavian countries somewhat socialist (~55%), but then again so does the government paid the military industrial complex make US \"moderately socialist\" (~38%).\n\nhttps://medium.com/rational-zone/why-calling-scandinavia-socialist-is-wrong-37c873314839
bassically \n\neveryone wants communism which they think is fit and communism is nothing but dreams and fantasies
You should visit Cuba. Not the touristic rooutes and dollar/euro restaurants but everywhere else.
What about National Socialism?
Hello, \nI'm wondering if you can also  do a similar video but then on capitalism? I know for example that there are also people that call themselves anarco-capitalistic. I think it would be really interesting to extend this video with different capitalistic ideas. This will create even more value.\nThanks!
fact 1: we're always going to want people creating companies like Microsoft, Nasa, Tesla, SpaceX, etc... to advance human civilization. fact 2: money, everything it literally represents, in its form of power, must exist for such causes. fact 3: they can't exist in the socialist world of snowflake \"fairness\" utopia. we're not all equal. so if you're not actually against the power houses of humanity (the places that actually contribute to humanity, and even cure diseases) what's your purpose in taking away the system that allows them to exist then?\n\nif we're all going to be equal, society is going to be run by the average human, and then bam. we're all in idiocracy land. we need lots of imaginary money in the right hands to produce computers and rockets and everything. it's just what makes the world function. the motivation is the money. it's not like people are just jerks, and they're ultimately doing their profession \"just for the money\". people need to get paid somehow. and if they are worthy enough to do magnificence, they'll earn their money, and stick to it. so if you want the same exact prospects to exist, what would be the point in any of this?\n\nare you on the social inequity side or capital fairness side?\ndo you think Janitors should earn as much as Doctors?\nthat everybody should be $1 richer, at the cost of there being no chance for nasa or microsoft to exist. (rich enterprises)\n\nplease anybody reading, let us know your opinion.
And when politicians miss-use these terms and the majority of the voters don't understand what they mean, well... I'm sure anyone reading can fill in the rest.
I'm getting tired of the \"Nazi free market\" meme. No, no it didn't. The economy was controlled by the government, as was every other aspect of public and private life. That it was not directly controlled by ministries of state(although it often was) does not mean it was not controlled by the state. It was. It was specifically controlled by the exact will of the party.\n\nTo paraphrase Himmler the goal of the Nazi party was not to socialize the economy, but to socialize the individual. To make every aspect of public and private life geared towards the benefit of the nation - hence National Socialism. Nazi Germany was socialist in all ways - down to the redistribution of wealth and politics of \"class struggle\".\n\n\"Private enterprise\" in China is not much different. All of the \"private companies\" in China proper are, in the end, Government property under lease - even the actual homes of their employees are \"public property\" under lease.\n\nP.S.: Your characterization of Cuba is misleading to say the least. It's a fun kind of \"democracy\" that's been jumping from wealthy, authoritarian dictator to wealthy, authoritarian dictator while the common people live in poverty.\n\nEdit: I like that you didn't include Fascism and National Socialism in your graph under Socialism. You can't bash the fash if the fash is you, right?
There is no democracy in Cuba, the community does not equal the State and the legislative institutions doesnt decide anything.
could thump you  thump stop  thump the  thump  thumping  thump every  thump time  thump you  thump speak.
Sanders has never claimed that the Scandinavian countries were socialists.  He's always been very clear that they're Democratic Socialist, which is a different thing.  Also, the government of Cuba is not communist in any way.  Under communism, the state is supposed to wither away and die (basically the libertarian wet dream).  Cuba still has a strong central government, so they're not there yet.
Simple \nCapitalism the poor pay the RICH \nSocialism is where the government Taxs the RICH \nTo pay FAT WELFARE \n.You choose which country \nYou want  .\nIf your a woman or lazy \nSocialism is the place you want to be \n\nIf you a white smart hard working man .then capitalism is for you
There is little difference between capitalism and Communism. The means of production and distribution is controlled by a central authority. Only a very small part of so called capitalist countries are actual capitalists.
Only americans confuse what is meant by socialism.. in the cuntland heartland of Trumpland the hilbilly deplorables use words like communist, socialist and muslim as pejoratives...\nThey are not smart people who have interest in the meaning of words, the spoken truth or facts, or learning.\n\nHaving said that... it should be clear to anyone that when Bernie says he is a socialist.. he means he believes in a Capitalist system but with an expansive welfare system...\nHe believes all education should be free.  \nAll healthcare should be free.\nAlso im favour of various forms of benefits for the working class.\n\nMany hillbillys from Cuntland would say \"but its not free, we have to pay for it\"... as if they just found out how taxes work.\n\nThe working class in USA voted for a billionaire that filled his cabinet with Goldman Sachs and gave themselves tax cuts worth billions.\nThey also cut the money for \"wheels on meals\", did their best to try and cut medicare.
Very good explanation, however it didn’t cover the nuances of capitalism. There is free market capitalism and croney capitalism, a variant of fascism. Most people see the unfairness of businesses using political and regulatory force to favor and protect it from competition. \nFree market capitalism is the most efficient system of producing goods and services for everyone’s benefit. It is difficult to maintain free markets, businesses will instinctively use political means to eliminate competition.
The German Reich was Authoritarian not Totalitarian like the USSR
Now explain Fascism
Can add Chinese characteristic in the chart?
You talk about Cuba as if the people actually ran the government and had democratic elections. Its obvious you dont know a damn thing about the country given that the people there are constantly squandered for wanting to do good things. There is no democracy. Nothing is run ir distributed by \"the people\". It's run by the Castro mob, and that's it. Nothing more.
Excellent distinctions
The thing about social democracy at least originally was to achieve a communist state, but not through revolution as Marx would've had it, but through the democratic process.
Cooperativism is the closest way of socialism...
all land in china is owned by the state you just have to sign a 70 year lease
I liked that you mentioning that Anarchists and Marxists can co-operate toward the common goal of communism. Really warms my heart.  Would be nice to have socialist state where the de-facto Marxist vanguard regime and individual anarchist communes weren't pointing guns at each other. I maybe came off as sounding snarky, but that wasn't my intention. I truly feel what I said.
Communism is fucking gay shit
I know what I need to about all 3 they are evils and a danger to civilization.
Chinese billionaires are allowed to joint the communist party, pay no taxes and receive socialist-state sponsored subsidies in order to crash foreign capitalists. put that into the pie chart!
The difference is that they're all pure shit and you're a fucking moron.
Maybe you could have detailled more on the capitalistic side. disliking them does not prevent from knowing them, in my opinion.
you act as if capitalism doesnt support workers interests too. if somebody doesnt like working somewhere, they will try to leave. Workers rights are why unions exist. (However, unions operate most efficiently if they are run by each private enterprise, and not a corporate union) A business is nothing without employees who respect it. If someone thinks a company is mistreating them, it will usually negatively affect said company in the short term (in the grand scheme, an immoral company will struggle until they obtain an ethical system of employment). So no, businesses run under a capitalistic system aren’t as un-ethical as you think they are.
This wasn't biased at all... lol
Only the fact that socialism is separated in so many subcategories show us that is a lie. Complete bullshit. Like religions.
I have always considered Communism to be the goal of Socialist states, because that's what the Socialists always say, at least in the case of the Soviets. Therefore I think a valid way to look at it is to reverse the location of Socialism and Capitalism. I also don't think Capitalists are anti Socialism, capitalists are actually libertarian, they just want to be left alone by the state, not to control it nor to be controlled by it- a state controlled by the wealthy is an oligarchy, not a capitalist state, and has been the result of both capitalist and communist ideologies time and again in history.
Finally someone who makes a video explaining wtf all these are without trying to shove an ideology down my throat! Keep up the work I more then likely disagree with you on many policies but am glad to see people like you exist!
Really good video with great explanations and very well presented. I really did learn quite a lot from these rather difficult and confusing terms. Great job, and thank you. Just one minor issue: you spelt 'nature' wrong at 10:50! Careless! :-D
Socialism 3:25 Communist society: 5:30 Social democracy 7:43
Mutch to complicated.\nSocialism, Commuism and Marxism are all the same and simply mean any social state spending i dont like.\nThat is important because in democracies all parties like to give social spending gifts to their constituency to get elected. Which is a waste of money. The money belongs to social spending to the benefit of our constituency and so this foolish waste of money must be effectivly called out!\n\n(Not to be confused with Facism and Nazism, which is any state intervention i dont like. Take away my guns? Nazism! Tell me who and what i can make love to? Facism!)
Nice try, but no. \n\nHow can Maoism, Hoxhaism and Castroism be included under classical Marxism when they are just variants of Stalin’s/Bukharin’s socialism-in-one-country which rejected Marx’s internationalism?  That’s a fundamental difference that is easy to explain. \n\nThe definitions also make little sense without addressing the class analysis in the different categories.
China calls itself communist because it has a communist government with a leader who serves for life, Cuba is communist with a dictator, Nazi Germany had a Totalitarian dictatorship that was also Fascism that killed 6 million Jews and no one is suggesting for Janitors to get paid as much as Doctors, I mean you also mention that in theory it does work and in practicality right now the U.S. is doing well not so great
What is it called then, when you feel the income disparity is out of control, when food companies are putting unhealthy additives in our food to make it last longer, when you feel wall st. got us into a terrible recession and could do it again?
you forgot one.\nnational socialism
Socialist state = socialism\nsocialism =/= socialist state\nSocialism is a category. Socialist states are a specific instant and type of it. Not all socialism is a socialist state. Weak.
Death to Socialism/Communism/Marxism!!! It destroyed South America!
Places where people have the right to (relatively) freely make exchanges with each other are called \"capitalist\" now... Places that call themselves \"socialist\" heavily restrict what contracts and property citizens may have. Such restrictions strangle welfare increases over time. Appreciate the video, but vote for freedom.
The only people that don't seem to get this is our  \"college intellectuals\". Go capitalism.
My brain hurts
Technically they are Socialist ( Democratic Socialists, and Social Democrats), as socialism is now a very very broad term
Wouldn’t anarchism be on the far right, as government involvement becomes less and less prevalent throughout the spectrum?
So a socialist state basically has to figure out what businesses should be funded by the state as a whole and what businesses should be individually ingested? Real question I'm not too sure
I've learner a whole lot, thank you for the educational video!
h a m m e r   a n d   s i c k l e    i n t e n s i f i e s
Well... Now i am even more confused than before. I just know that there is no real communism in the world and only one truely Socialist country
2:38 *WORKERS'
As a dane i find it amusing you mark \"Dong energy\" as state owned (4:25)\nIt once was but was sold off to Goldmann Sachs some years ago
The graphic with the boxes was verry clear, thanks for clearing things up, for me at least.
While far from an expert, I received an honors degree in Economics, and I don't agree with your definition of Socialism. Socialism is government control of the ways, means and distribution of production. Communism is the evolution of government control into the control by the commune (the people). It isn't a subset of Socialism, but the higher level of economics. America under Obama was Socialist. Trump is trying to slow the decent into Socialism. The only place Communism has ever existed is in a religious community, and even that has the direction from a hierarchy.
All branches off the same tree.
Pretty sure CCCP called themselves communists
What about Stalinism?
marxist cuck swede, fucking flagged
you left out the ~270 million people who were murdered last century by their own various flavors of socialist governments. it's a pretty common theme among them too.
Here is all you need to know about this:\nSocialism = Marxism = Communism = Shit. Any questions?
I'm gonna be an edgelord and say that my bullets can't tell the difference between members of said groups.
Communism is the best ideology
I find the description of anarchism as a bit troubling. While in this context it is somewhat accurate it’s still very misleading to anyone who doesn’t know what anarchism actually is.
Democratic socialism ftw
I just went to your website and a lot of your presumptions, or presupisisitions about capitalism are simply wrong. If you want to represent it well I would suggest consulting economists instead of phylosophers. Thomas soul has a great book called Basic Economics that I would recommend as a primer. Also any serious argument beginning with \"most people agree\" detracts from your credibility instead off adding to it.
“To take from one, because it is thought his own industry and that of his fathers has acquired too much, in order to spare to others, who, or whose fathers, have not exercised equal industry and skill, is to violate arbitrarily the first principle of association, the guarantee to everyone the free exercise of his industry and the fruits acquired by it.”\n-Thomas Jefferson, letter to Joseph Milligan, April 6, 1816\n\nBasically, you don’t punish the successful for the unsuccessful, which is Social Democracy. This is why America isn’t Europe. \n\nAnd really, European countries can’t really be compared to America for a simple reason, history. European countries (that have either been on the positive side of war, or who haven’t been ravaged by the effects of communism) have more historical wealth than the U.S for the nations are much older. America, started with nothing and became the wealthiest nation in the world in a manner of less than 200 years. \n\nOne more point: I’ve never seen a Socially Democratic nation who’s government,  hasn’t overstepped it’s economical boundaries and changed the fabric of the nations society through government implementation. \n\nEnding conclusion: government has too much unchecked power. If that’s how they do it in Europe, that’s fine, but America wasn’t founded on that.\n\nAll in all, I enjoyed the teaching of your video
As most, you mistake Capitalism with Liberalism and Ultra-Liberalism.\n\nCommunism is a whole package for a society (Political solution, Economic solution, Social solution etc.)\n\nCapitalism however is just a really Simple economic tool. And you should not make direct comparision between the two it makes no sense.\nAs simple as it is, Capitalism is also really efficient. The problem with simple tools is that they can easily be hacked. And the only problem with it is that currently the model that dominate Capitalism is the anglo-saxon model (Libertarian or Ultra-liberalist if you prefer). Something that can be totally corrected by government regulations.\n\nHere's the difference, In a free country (free from the total economic dictact of the government), you can do whatever you want as economic model for your company, whether it is capitalist with shareholder or not, use of banks, etc. but also INCLUDING social or communist inspired business like a cooperative. Something you cannot do in Communists system.\n\n\nNow regarding Liberalism there's a lot of confusion, initially Liberalism as social roots too. but the outcome is at the opposite of the communism excess.\n- The only true Liberalist Nation is France, Why? I'm French, and we literally invented the concept. The thing that people miss about ideology like this is that it come with a reflection/philosophy which is deeply rooted in a culture.\n\nSo in short our country's devise \"Liberty, egality, Fraternity\" is the incarnation of the Liberalist philosophy for our society.\n1) The Government should never prevail above individual Freedom, (the Liberty part),\n2) This individual freedom to work in a society, is only possible if not total but somewhat limited to not deny other citizens their own Freedom. Basically you cannot threaten other people's Freedom... by Killing them for exemple. (The Egality part)\n3) Finally this can work only if people respect the rules and play the game and therefor respect and support each other as citizens (The fraternity part).\n\nAmericans took the definition of it word to word (Basically they stopped at step 1 from above) which gave Ultra-liberalism, now called Libertarianism a deformed vision of it. The new US Leftists reclaiming it now under the socialist point of view are also missing the point. As well Economic Liberalism, as Nothing to do with real Liberalism, Liberalism is made for Citizens, and Economic Liberalism is made for the Businesses...\n\n-Ultra-Liberalism (Libertarianism) is an extreme that dismiss most implication of any government's influences. It is a ridiculous vision not applicable for a real structured society (idealism not taking in account the reality of a state), that many americans believe for a simple reason: They actually experienced it during the pionneer, Wild west era.\n\n-Communism is the extreme opposition to that (and as stupid), Full government control (Totalitarism), the group prevail over the individuality, communism fail by not understanding that the individual human and It's entropic nature will Always go against uniformity and establishment (Because again It's an idealism, not taking in account reality, trying to force it by control)\n\nHowever true Liberalism, is in between at the center. Because it is about moderation and understanding the balance between the need of people as indivuduals and the group they form together as a state and their common interest.\n\n\nBut yeah otherwise capitalism Under control is a great tool, (and the only one that prove to hold on the long run) which for exemple is used by NGOs in small communities in Africa to rise their level of life.
You didn't explain capitalism or even the goal of socialism. Why must the state or community own the means of production?
So the whole thing is based on the idea that human nature can be circumvented by utopian idealism.\n\nLULZ
Even though I don't like Marxism at the very least, you are very well informed and stick closely to facts, presenting them very professionally. We need more people like you on both sides in order to have actual conversations again.
Communism, socialism, marxism. They are all subcategories of collectivism. Their sucess is an impossibility. An idea born to fail. The world has no room for this idiocy.
The people vote in Cuba.  For who!?  A wet teddy bear, and stick of gum, and the head of the communist party.  Bruh, you’re so full of shit.
When you were explaining Cuba, with regard to income, you put the words “as high as possible”.  At that moment I knew you were full of shit.  When Castro died his net worth was $900 million according to Forbes.  It’s not hard to tell for he lived a very extravagant lifestyle.
In other words collectivism.
communism unchecked is 1984. capitalism unchecked is the purge
Correction. Donald Trump talks a lot about Gina, not China.
Nazis, communists, socialists, Marxists, whatever you want to call yourself is irrelevant, you're all bunch of murderous degenerates, who just want to kill and enslave others. The 100+ million dead bodies caused by your politics prove it.
I wouldn't place social democracies on the capitalism side of the chart. It belongs rather in between them because it's a mixture of capitalism AND socialism. The state takes so much money from the companies and citizens to realize its socialist projects but allows private enterprises. So it doesn't belong fully on one side, rather in between.
but otherwise the video is good even tho ure political view is evil you kept it out of the video pretty good
funny that he calls Norway a social democratic country even tho its the conservative (Right party) and the libertarian (progress party) party that is in power, and Norway is a marked economy and some can say mix economy, its more of an Social libertarian!\nand another thing is that he says Sweden, Bernie Sanders, China and NSDAP has nothing in common even tho alot of Bernies economic policys have alot in common with the NSDAP.
Should've added Keynesianism too
Hmm. Should I go with the side that has been revised over a dozen times or should I go with the side that has never needed to be revised? Should I go with the side that has failed every time it's been implemented or should I go with the side that has had massive economic growth and success every time it was implemented? Such hard choices to make...
Now I understand the de-whitening of Africa.
Great video, and your website is hilarious. It's like watching Alex Jones where he just says what he believes and is driven entirely by ideology with no regard to the actual facts on the ground. Thanks for the explanation though
All socialists are wannabe communists.\nAccording to your video (and marxism), Socialism is a path on the road to world domination of socialism, otherwise called communism.\n\nCommunism has never existed because world domination (statelessness) has never existed.\n\nAll of it is species repugnant because we are social mammals, not social insects.\nWe are closer to our offspring than to our brood sisters.\nHence we are individual, personal property identifying, freeloader despising organisms.
There are so many things wrong with this video that it would take me hours to explain it.
Democratic socialism doesn't really exist! The left just made that bullshit term up to brain wash the easily swayed idiots! Also communism is classless? Yeah.... history proved that theory wrong! Also anarchist are not socialists!
you made it quite obvious you are a socialist of some form
Socialism = Marxism = Nazism = Leftisim. They all believe that the State is supreme, and the individual is subordinate. In other words, you have two classes of individuals. The ruling class, and the peasant class, and laws apply only to the peasants. Some pigs are simply more equal than others!  All governments that claim to look out for the welfare of the peasant class (the poor) will inevitably enslave the masses.
Anarchy is a form of Communism!? Are you high?
Cool video, socialism has always failed and it always will. Stealing from someone just because they have more money than you is greedy and wrong.
Its all just a cover story for dictatorship.  If you think about it, it's \"Intelligent Design\" applied to the economy.  Tell that to a Lefty.  Also, the body count is up to somewhere between 100 and 130 million.
Please go to fuckmysister.com for frequently asked questions about how me fucking my sister is not a bad idea.
You do understand socialism is evil right?
That's the most misplaced anarchism I've ever seen.
I can explain Socialism in very few words: \"We think people should be their for one another, but because we don't believe in a society that raises their kids along those values and don't trust people to do good on their own accord (because their is no intensive to do so) we force them to do it by state measures!\"
The means of production were also largely owned by the state in Communist China and Nazi Germany ,as they were in the Soviet Union which was left out of this video for some reason.
Disliked because you are a marxist! Go back to soviet china you dumb commie
What does socialism, communism and Marxism and even facism  all have in common - they are all on the left of the political spectrum to varying degrees and all are totalitarian. The only difference is a matter of degree on the Left.
You'll go blind if you keep jerking off to Abby Martin videos.
I love it how you had a drone behind Obama’s head lololol awesome.
Can we add the death toll due to each ideology? It's kinda improtant to determine which idology truely sucks
Social Democracy in my opinion is the greatest form of economics. America should seriously take notes on scandanavia. Most people don't like bernie because they think he is a socailist and they always bring up the same argument: \"Socailism works in the beginning but the economy always plummets.\" Well Bernie Sanders is a social Democrat! All Bernie haters should watch this video!
ok liberal
I recommend this to anyone confused on left fiscal ideology. I disagree with it however it's a step closer to Synthesism
What would I be if, for example, I'd want the means of production and exchange to be (mostly) free, but in a classless society with equal income (possibly taking money out of the equation altogether later down the line)?
I read your website, I wanted to tell you:  fuck you asshole
WE NEED COMMUNISM
10:48 But... it does indeed go against human nature.
@2:25 \"No, you can't sell your grandmother for profit.\" What's that supposed to mean? Sounds like suggestion that you can do it in other systems? In capitalism you can't sell something you don't own, in communism the state can take everything it wants from you. Just saying.\n\nUpdate: ROTFL, just read the full title \"explained by marxist\" ROTFL, explains everything. Whole video is just a big fat lie. Distorting reality and whitewashing killers of millions. You're a waste of time. Bye.
Akually that wasn't REAL communism
no. Trotskyism is revisionism
Cuba isn’t a democratic country. The castros have ruled it for 60 years with an iron hand. Plus we see how well socialism, that what the Cubans call there system work for them. In fact the ussr also call themselves socialist. Once again we see how well it turn out for them
Love me a big slab of social democracy
Sweden's going to be a third world country by 2035 \n\n1. http://www1.cbn.com/cbnnews/world/2014/April/Soviet-Sweden-Model-Nation-Sliding-to-Third-World\n\n2. http://www.speisa.com/modules/articles/index.php/item.454/sweden-to-become-a-third-world-country-by-2030-according-to-un.html
This is a pretty good summary
socialism = authoritarianism lite\nCommunism = hard core authoritarianism\nMarxist = someone who has never read Karl Marx
This is wrong in so many levels! Socialism=workers are in power. Capitalism=rich are in power. Free Markets=consumer is on power trough consumption
Community is not the same as the state. A farm can be owned by the local community of farmers. This is not the same as the govt owning it
Du er en stygg svenske. lol
Star Trek Federation is not a Communist State (Hollywood fiction by communists/Socialist).\nIt has the Federation Credit (monetary value - electronic payments - no paper cash) as lots of shows including TNG first episode showed trade by fingerprint payments (charge to the Ship). Why trade? especially if you are not going to get paid. Many Federation Citizens create wealth by trading outside of the Federation using various monetary currency and trade that for Federation Credit.  Who would want to trade cargo ship for days, weeks and months, or do the worst of jobs, if you can stay at home or do a nicer job and get the same pay???? Why have a job at all if you can get everything for free..\n\nAlso the Federation is a State. It is not State less. Its members are states. Like the EU and it member states. Classless means equal power. The Federation members do have classes. the Ruling class (Politicians - power), the Star Fleet officers (power to arrest and order you about) and the peasants (no power). The higher the class, the higher the power in society. So the Federation fails on all three. \n\nThe Definition of communism (stateless, Money-less, and class-less) is flawed and only really works on a person of One. You cannot be unequal to yourself, you cannot use money with yourself and you are classless in comparison to yourself. Only equal drones are all three. Even twins can differ over time. One become more dominate over the other.
Communists State, Highest wages possible!! LOL \nTime for a reality bash. Most Cuban Doctors (except plastic surgeons) earn a high Communist pay of $50 dollars a month. Yes that right a Communists Doctors earns $50 Dollars (not an hour, but ) a month.\nhttp://www.miamiherald.com/news/nation-world/world/americas/cuba/article89133407.html\n<quote>\nThe survey, which was conducted among 1,067 Cubans in Havana, Santiago de Cuba, Holguín, Camagüey, Pinar del Río, and Cienfuegos in May and June, found that about 27 percent of Cubans earn under $50 per month; 34 percent earn the equivalent of $50 to $100 per month; and 20 percent earn $101 to $200. Twelve percent reported earning $201 to $500 a month; and almost 4 percent said their monthly earnings topped $500, including 1.5 percent who said they earned more than $1,000.\n\nThe remainder of respondents declined to state their income, and Rose said the survey had a margin of error of plus or minus 3 percentage points.\n</quote>
can you do the same but for fascism and capitalism? i find the far right even more confusing than the left
I would suggest reading ANY of Antony Sutton on Socialism of many forms. Your explanation was entertaining. Needs more research.
You can never reach the Marxist ideal of a Communist state as following the revolution you can never get past the Socialist state under a Central Dictatorship. Too much power to give away by the few who consider themselves more equal than others. It all goes wrong after the first day following revolution.
Bernie was a step in the right direction, he should have won.
socjalism is socjalism, doesnt work always
U stupid commie fuck how dare u say that anarchist can’t be on the right side of the spectrum
But why should we belive that you arent obscuring the truth if you are a marxist, let a nazi explain why nazism it good, see if you belive him
You're obviously a communist. China is not capatilstic at all, the control everything. Socialism is pretty much the same as communism, also you can't tell me that I don't know anything about this, I read the communist manifesto(it sucked) and they said that socialism will always become communism. And saying that Cuba gives power to their people is bullshit. When you mentioned Star Trek as communist than you are full of shit, that is the goal of fascism to rid itself of money. Anarchism is right winged, no rules. Once again in the communist manifesto karl marx said that there will be leaders in the state, not everyone is equal, atleast through these two positions. Everything you said is bullshit and infactual.
I needed that??haven’t heard such horse crap in a long time my friend! Pray do tell.... what the hell kind of drugs are you currently taking?
very good and accurate exept for the part about cuba being demoratic. that is not true
Think about the definition of \"democratic socialism\", hard. Its the smae system cuba has just regular socialism.
Well nordic countries tax there citizns 50% of ther income.
Really enjoyed the video, great to see  factual stuff with no opinions thrown in. I also had a read through your website. Your opinions on capitalism and labour economics are completely wrong. Capitalists don't shrink wages to absorb more profit, they do so to remain globally competitive. If a capitalist is to shrink wages too low the marginal product of labour will fall, reducing profits. Your arguments against capitalism only hold when the market is experiencing failure, for example unnatural monopolies. In a competitive market none of the assumptions of high profits, labour exploitation, or capitalists being rich, hold. The argument that money is limited and therefore can only expand to a finite number  is completely incorrect and shows 0 understanding of how the money supply is dictated. As argued by yourself money has no actual value, but is socially constructed. Money is a form of liquid asset and the value is relative to the supply which is affected by the investment-savings equilibrium. Furthermore, implying that increasing production by prioritising production of socially positive goods such as basic commodities will better the average person is also blatantly incorrect. At high levels of product dis-economies of scale will cause production costs to rise, making basic commodities more expense. As can be seen in Venezuela. The supply of labour is beyond the size at which an economy can produce its own goods at equilibrium employment. For each unit of labour an extra unit of capital times the advancement of technology determines the labour curve. To provide cheaper commodities at higher productivity the technological advancement must increase at a rate equal to the aggregate demand (literally impossible). The assumptions made on your website are economically incorrect and do not abide to basic laws of economics (that remain constant despite the system). If you truly want to further your understanding, I would recommend Macroeconomics by Robert J. Gordon.
Difference between Fascism and Nazism
Awesome video!\nYet me myself as socialdemocrat cant really see how Socialdemocracy is part of Revisionist Marxism. Could you explain that a bit more or show me some source on that?\nMaybe some video on Socialdemocracy even?
My problem with socialism is that it seems like it would stifle innovation. Of course socialist countries can innovate, but profit incentives definitely seem to be better overall when it comes to inspiring innovation. If a socialist could counter this argument that would be appreciated.\n(And please don't use the \"but the pharmaceutical industry\" argument. Yes, the American pharmaceutical industry puts out slightly modified versions of existing drugs, but that is largely due to the FDA, and I don't think anyone would argue that we should have an unregulated drug industry)
Aint a dame thinge
So what the fuck
About janitors and doctors, here, in post-soviet Russia they are paid pretty much the same. Also teachers get paid like janitors too.
Thank you for the video. But you need to make clear one assumption in the definition of socialism: community = state.
Nazis didn't call themselves socialist. It was a stem from the workers party that turned to the Nazi party from the ideology of Nazism which is a form of Fascism. That's like saying the people's democratic republic of Korea is actually a democracy
What's the difference between social democracy and social liberalism?
\"Things they don't teach you at school\"
1:00 it not paid for by the govt. it paid by the taxpayers.
Cool another Swede
What about captalism? Are there any subdivisions? You could add that to the scheme.
Please make a capitalism one, like free trade, anarcho-capitalism, corporativism and why capitalism just exist with Laissez Faire
What is statism
Saying that China's society has \"some government intervention\" is quite an understatement.
Just FYI the government pays for nothing...people's taxes pays for everything the government is supposed to spend. When programs   cost more then the feds take in they borrow. Nothings is free
The differences between Luxembourgism and Trotskyism compared to Maoism I think are important, I would refrain from saying they're really similar
Germany was fascist.
China is similiar to NSDAP
Fucking thank you
This video didnt explain shit
Why can't communists drive manual cars?\nCos they keep Stalin.\n\nHow did the communist pass his exam?\nHe got full Marx.
3:58 i see what you did there
When AI is gonna take over jobs some kind of socialism is gonna be needed. Or else there will be few power controllers and the rest will be slaves.
Didn't know you were a fellow Gothenburger
Thank you for this video. I can't believe how many people get these simple concepts wrong. I can perfectly accept that not everyone knows what separate Leninism, Maoism, etc, but Socialism and Communism should be pretty straight forward.\n\nMuch of the public political discourse is absolutely unbearable, because people throw terms around with no respect for their definition. This especially true whenever people map a multi-dimensional political \"compass\" onto the left-right axis. How many times have I not had to argue with someone over whether it's fair to call anti-immigration / pro-border control a \"right wing\" trait, or of it's fair say something vague like \"well your politics are already implemented in Venezuela\" whenever ANY socialist argues for ANYTHING remotely socialist.\n\n Myself, being considerably more in favor of capitalism, cannot stand the intellectual laziness of what I perceive to be most people, politicians, youtubers, workers, capitalists, socialists, and so forth. No matter how you identify yourself, possessing a solid understanding of the political terms used in daily life, in the broad sense, is desirable, because it enables you to accurately direct your criticism, and avoid looking like an idiot, when someone points out your mistakes, overshadowing whatever point you may have had, valid or not.
Have to point out a huge mistake in the video. Anarchism was initially developed alongside communism but to call it a branch of communism or to present it as such is false. The divide between the movements started as early as the Bakunin_Marx split and the rift has only grown through the years. Generally the main differenciation is that anarchists seek to abolish authoritarian institutions entitely while communists seek to replace them with ones that can support their ideal society. However as both ideologies have diversifyied, even the simplest categoristion, they evade. Modern anarchism has a number of such diviations that even break the conventional connection to socialism, esspessially individualists or anarcho_capitalists. Even amongsts the socialist anarchists there are the collectivists then there are anarcho_communists and progressive_anarchists. Communism is of course similarly divided. One last specification would be that communists often enough refer to themselves as far left while anarchists tend to dispense with the whole left_right concept, or, situationally declare as belonging to the least authoritarian of the two. And since I cleared these up, let me also add that anarchism litteraly translates to \"no authority\" but there is no corelation between an anarchy as one would refer to an anarchist society and an anarchy as a society of barbarism and disorder.
Your video was very needed, thank you
I feel like diversity prevents societies from becoming less individualistic and more socialist. Not necessarily because of racism or prejudice, but more because when society is more homogeneous people feel more like they're helping a neighbor or brother or friend rather than a complete stranger.
Nazi Germany did not have a free market
So what type of Marxist are you?
He didn't define Marxism at all
When robots and AI take over the job market we better be socialist's or we would be slaves for \"basic income\"
Hello comrades
Confusing but very much thank you for making this
I'm writing this \"blind\" (not taking a moment to explore more of your videos), so be kind in your response. You REALLY should do a video about Rosa Luxemburg and her version of (what you call) orthodox Marxism.
You are wrong.
WAIT YOU LIVE IN GÖTEBORG???
Why is anarchism on the socialism side lmfao
Anarcho-primitivism all the way
Star Treks 24th century still has a economy
If anarchism is just a brand of communism, why would the father of anarchism argue that \"communism is the exploitation of the strong by the weak?\"
You should have made a circular schematic, in order to fit in the anarcho-capitlists / voluntarists.
Big problem with the argument at around 4:00. Cuba is no more socialist by definition than capitalist countries. Your statement is that by indirectly voting for the government which controls the economy, the community does. The same could be said about capitalism, just the means of indirectly influencing is by market forces of supply and demand. Also, are the people who privately own the means of production not a subset of society?
Great video
The statement \"the people control the companies through the state\" sounds out right scary to me but hey whatever you want.
The USA system would work better if people in general cared more about who was running the government. People have become too lazy and complicit.
but how do the nazis fit in?
You put anarchism on the far left. Explain do me how you're going to redistribute wealth and property equitably without a state or governing agent. It's impossible since everyone disagrees as to what is equitable. This is why any far left movement ends in violence in the population. \n\nAnarchism is the default mode of voluntary association. It's much more closely related to capitalism since ownership is preserved by the rights of the individuals. Anarchocommunism is a nonsense word that just means \"violence\".
God bless Trump that fuckin Kenyan was the worst thing American's let happen so far
nazis were socialist... in practice they made business and industry fall in line with the national socialist adgenda both economically and socially. The business payed high taxes and could not exist outside national socialist policy. There were many social/welfare benefits for those conforming to party ideology and eventually nothing if you were against. Guns were confiscated, free speech and organized political opposition eventually gone...
So basicaly socialists dont really know what they want, but they want something...
Hmmmm seems like you've fairly explained what the socialist branch terms mean to combat misunderstanding and then bastardized the term capitalism in your usage.
The main problem with communism is human greed. You are basically taking all the money of a country and giving it to one entity the government then expecting them to give it back. We already can’t trust our government with our money in a capitalist society. They spend it on things that are often disagreed with. If you look at every communist society it  always ends up with the majority making as little wealth as possible and one person having everything. \n\nYou’re also crazy to think that a kid still in high school should make as much money as a doctor and that the majority of people will pick hard career fields just because of passion. People mostly choose jobs out of necessity not passion.
What about syndicalism?
Pa pa pa patriarchy
The points on \"where factories should be built\" and so on where horribly misrepresented and slanted heavily in the favor of socialism. Even the picture of the capitalist shows enormous bias.
Cuba is State Capitalist
this is so wrong lol
Thats the first video about this topic which doesnt seem to missinform
Social Democracy is typically not attached to Marxism, though they can be Marxist or inspired by Marxist thought. I think you made the distinctions very unclear (and on this point directly inaccurate) as you did not focus on Classical Socialism, and various forms of Anti-Marxist communism.\n\n(You also forgot to explain Nazism)\n\nThe cut between Socialism and Capitalism is also not as clear. You are placing Social Democrats on the Capitalist side (likely because you lean towards Marxism, and the Marxist definition) as they are largely capitalistic, but the right would place them on the socialist side because they are largely socialistic (which spans beyond \"ownership\", you forgot to mention the alternative definition which sights \"control\"). You are also forgetting Syndicalism, and how Syndicalism plays a huge role in the Nordic Model.\n\nThe truth is that there is a long line of overlaps between pure socialism and pure capitalism, and that these ideologies are technically not the only contenders as you also have Mercantilism (where the Nazis got a large amount of their inspiration).\n\nIt is also worth noting that there is nothing necessarily contradictory between a private market and socialism, as a private market is not the same as capitalism/free market economy.
Instructive video. Nevertheless, I should point out that there are non-communist anarchists, and I'm not talking about the \"anarcho\"-capitalists but about individualist anarchists and mutualists, for example.
Capitalism: explore your fellow human to the maximum extent possible, drive down wages.\nCommunism and socialism (pure forms): I'm lazy and the government should take care of me.\nWe just need good salaries! That's it. I want a \"Goodsalarism\" revolution.
So how many forms of socialism didn't end in failure.
I don’t really see how Anarchists could be a subset of Socialists. Most Anarchists say they want no government in any way shape or form. Is this a misrepresentation of anarchism? Or is there a difference between “ecenomic anarchy” and “governmental anarchy?”\n\nI say this as someone that is sort of enchanted by the idea of the typical anarchist’s biggest talking point - absolutely no government. Nobody setting any restrictions or regulations on what you can say, do, etc. I don’t believe in everything being publicly owned. I believe in earning/making/taking whatever you need or want. I don’t believe in handouts. I don’t understand how no government correlates with that.
Hell's Army needs you!
2:00 tho
They should broadcast that on fox news.
The original intent of social democracy was to achieve socialism through evolutionary means (as opposed to revolutionary means). I would say members of social democratic parties have abandoned social democracy.
I at most align with Social Democrats (lest I be a full blooded capitalist) but I think Star Trek had the right idea. With the increasing amount of automation in manufacturing and the like, some future form of technocratic socialism into communism is probably inevitable. Doesn't mean I want it that way now though.
Communism Everybody's equal, but some people are better.
Can you do one where you also explain the difference between genderism and autism? Cuz I don’t really see one.
Just need a fed job guarantee for a living wage for the public purpose a floor or minimal living standards by right of birth no over throw necessary just no more dead zombie neolibral neoclassical economics\n*modern monetary theory
How’s the way it goes socialism, communism - both requiring basically top down enforcement by dictatorship - and then... anarchism, basically the diametric opposite to a dictatorship.
What about anarcho capitalism?
The difference between communism/capitalism = capitalism has proven to advance the world, communism has always failed.
It's a shame you neglect to mention the corpses of the millions of innocent, dead people who've been murdered in the name of these  poisonous, failed ideologies.
I am very grateful for the time and effort you took to make these videos and your channel. I find them educational, and you answer many of my questions and explain the ideologies that I am interested in learning more about. I am grateful for the other video you did recommending books for people newly interested such as myself. I look forward to checking out your website and viewing more of your videos. Have a good day
Anarchism is definitely not socialism... that's a ridiculous over simplification of a diverse diaspora. Are there Anarcho-Communists? Yes of course. There are also Anarcho-Primitivists, Anarcho-Capitalists and many other variants... if you're watching this just disregard entirely what he said about anarchism and research that independent of this video.
My Brain is burning!!!!! Oyy oy! My poor English :/ Help me Fidel!
You forgot cultural marxism which destroys the western society
Isn’t it better to share  and own it all together than the tiny 1%
USA is not a nation, its a state\nyou used those words synonymously but their are very different things\ncould you please provide a source on how nazi were largerly capitalistic and had free market? from what i heard they were very centrally planned\nyou said scandinavia is capitalistic and then you said they follow the ideology of social democracy, that doesnt make much sense, capitalistism is when everything is privatly owned, and in democracy the ruling party calls the shots who and what can do and cannot do and who can own what.\ni do not think that startrek is good example of stateless society, there is a big government called the federation'\n\noverall i think your ideology chart is not really all that great,capitalism is a category by itself and i do not think any sub-categories could be pushed underneath it\ni think about \"socialism\" more of a slider, at 0% you have capitalism and at 100% you have full authority/central planning\nand between those 2 points you can push all of those socialisms and comunisms\n\nedit: i had made a mistake explaining democracy due to my poor english skills
The purest successful form of communism is the Israel kibbutz
In other words; club together and start buying shares. Invest.
Any ideology where equality of outcome is an ideal is a bad ideology, so in a sense - socialism, communism, marxism, they're all the same.\nAny ideology where you can look at the economy collectively for reasons other than aggregate analysis is a bad ideology.\n\nHaving all that said, there can be welfare policies in a state without it being socialist or socialist leaning, if the policies stem not from attempting to achieve equality of outcome but rather treating welfare as an investment.
It’s not the system, but the people who run it.
I thought this was a really interesting video. I’m pretty young and live in the US, so I haven’t been exposed to a lot of things other than capitalism and what people say about communism and socialism (and most of the things they say aren’t true or embellished in some way). Thanks for the run-down!
Usually working in a factory is a menial job people who work factory jobs usually are super unlucky or have low IQs. Me and you both know that we do not want is people with low IQs running a country and it's markets. but I feel a lot of people who believe in Socialism and any type of leftist ideology think this is wrong and \"politically incorrect\". I do realize it may sound harsh but it's the truth.
9:47 If I ever create a country, this'll be it's flag.
[6:10] Might be better if you don't hit your table (with your mic on it) while talking.
I love Communism!
i'd like to have a system called democratic-communism where you can have the benefits of both communism and democracy. you can vote every 4 years, you have the freedom of speech,  you won't be judged if you hate the leader or thrown in prison, but on the communist side you'll have a job for everyone, everyone would be equal, everyone would have free healthcare and education etc.
I can hear your fist bumping on your table and poluting your mic input.
Evan Cuba is gradually moving towards a mixed economy. Not as quickly as China and Vietnam did, but that is in large part because of the USA embargo.\n   Communists and Anarchists have formed strategic alliances, but it has generally worked out badly for the Anarchists, who get betrayed and crushed by the Communists, at least if the Communists gain control. Their goals are cleary not the same.
social democracy is still similar to socialism in that it advocates for the dissolution of the social hierarchy - the key principle of socialism. would you agree?
Thank god for capitalism.
??????? ?? ?????????? ?????. ???? ????? ????????? ??? ?? ???????, ? ?? ?? ??????? ????? ???? ???? ????????? ????? ??? ?????? ???????, ?? ??????????? ????? ????? ???.
This isn't unbiased at all. /sarcasm
It'd be a damn relief if people actually understood this, even though if I'm very right-wing.\n\nAnd \"anarchism\" depends on what you consider to be true \"anarchy\", the destruction of hierarchy (amcoms), or the elimination of use of force to make people do something (ancaps). How do they plan to do that without force, no fucking idea. I personally think that anarchism is moronic. At the moment you abolish the state you'll see both ancoms lining up everyone who disagrees with them on walls and ancaps starting an international transgender sex-slave market.
As a Libertarian who generally supports Capitalism, I thought this was a very informative video that will hopefully let me challenge my own views and grow as a person. Thanks for presenting this information in a very fair manner!
I feel like sharing some pots of Pesto now
\"Free\" and paid for by the \"government\" which means all just means paid for by the people.
really the USSR ( Union of SOVIET Socialist Republics ) was socialist. XD
Socialism is cancer nukes are the answer.
Interesting. So I not as much of a Socialist as I thought.
I would rather have a free market then anything personally, let’s say your a game dev if the business is owned by the state or a group of workers you couldn’t be as creative or take risks because the rest of the group is to scared to take risks if anyone has an explanation please tell me
Wow very good job, the website looks good made! Thank you for that good content!
All socialists and communists are lazy assholes who care not for the houses and business their family has built and owns because they don't want to work, it's quite simple they want things and don't want to work for them, because of this they make no money and blame their own inability to be successful on capitalism.
I hate to be critical but, I will... First let me just say that your facts about socialism is correct. \n\nHowever, what many don't realize is that socialism stifles true progress. The world is what it is because through capitalism industrial advancment have free reign due to little regulations on what is produced. We expanded and evolved due to market disruption. A disruption occurs when one advancment challenges an existing product in the same industry. Socialism stifles this because the state sponsor determines whether or not you are allowed to make and sell a product.\n\nSo, let's say someone comes up with something that can replace oil... In a capitalist society there is no one to stop them but, competition. In socialism... The state sponsor can say \" well, I really like my oil thank you but, thanks for trying... Now get back work plebian!\"
Finland is like Sweden aswell. They are social democratic
I love it!
All these are great ideas on paper, but when executed it will NEVER work. Capitalism is the best way to go.
Your best example for a communist state is a fictional television show? (Star Trek).
This is the most helpful video I have ever watched
All of these BS classifications are how a \"one\" accumulates/concentrates power. Instinctual/animal traits. One person wants power over another - namely you! That's all you need to know. Don't get caught up in definitions and categories. It's all bullshit! If you don't want another animal \"that thinks a lot\" to control you...He'll be shoving his d*ck up your ass - while telling you how you should enjoy it. Buy a gun, work to feed you and your family. Nuff said.
Your socialist box isn't big enough for me to read all of your excuses luckily I can read the capitalism box and see how it doesn't need an excuse thanks for the video.
You sir, have been awarded a street light..
Sorry, but as a person who read several books on Marx, Hegel, Kropotkin and Lenin, I cannot agree with that classification. Of course it is all about definition, but the original idea behind Socialism and Communism by Marx is a different one.
Thank you for making this video, as an American I'm surrounded by propagandized ignorance when concerning anything under the umbrella of socialism and since I suck at talking I think I'm just going to start referring everyone to this.
Marx would fucking kill himself if he watched this video. Fucking opportunists. A communist society will not come about because some stupid fucking revolutionary said so. It will form naturally once the material conditions are right, i.e.capitalism outliving its usefulness.
Yet these \"distinctions\" remain theoretical ponderings, not practical politics. Because no good argument has ever been made in favor of a socialist system. The only way socialism could ever exist in practice is by some form of Marxist-Leninism. And it has pretty much been established that such states, by their very nature, become corrupted. Since without a coercive state, who will carry out a socialist transformation and who will ensure that it is fulfilled, if not a centralized power structure, i.e. a state?
Great simple little video
Free education paid for by the government ???????? nothing is free you pay for it by way of taxation. In short you pay.
Communism!!!! FTW
Hej hej är du från Sverige eller bara bor du här?
I'm so happy this video got 500k+ views, that's alt-right numbers.
I don't care weather it's socialism, communism, or Marxism, their all bad.
Anarchism is not communist
Forgive me if this has a provoking tone too it, but my family escaped communism under the USSR and im just wondering where exactly do the millions of bodies fit into this equation?\nYou know, the part where the \"equality of outcome\" started getting interrupted by those who work harder, and dont work at all.\n\nAlso, as a business owner who started from NOTHING and EVERY dollar ever put into this business came directly out of my pocket how exactly do any of my employees own anything of mine?\n(No, my business isnt on the stock market and ive never taken any loans. All of my employees get paid leagues ahead of similar laborers in the industry.)\n\nEDIT: Please dont hit me with \"thats not real socialism\" or marxism or whatever you want to call it\n\n2nd EDIT: i actually took the time to visit your socialism 101 site...in the first 10 minutes i found this direct quote and before you try its HARDLY out of context, you claim to \"not argue either side\" but i will not put up with this kind of sophistry\n\n\"Stalin did the best he could in a bad situation (World War 2).\nStalin was not a dictator and made good contributions to socialism and the world as a whole.\"
It's evil is what it is.  You dont have the right to dictate my interactions with others including the sale of my labor.
It seems that most capitalists are in fact social democrats then.
\"China is not Socialist, it is Communist\" \"Communism is a subset of Socialism\". Pick one. Bad video.
Rather unfunny at times, but the informative part was done very well.
Wrong on Anarchism. Failure to differentiate between Egalitarian Anarchism (left) and Individualist Anarchism (right and/or not on the spectrum). Benjamin Tucker disavows.
Great video
Socialism is basically a middle ground between capitalism and communism. Basically, “capitalism lite”. So it’s false to say that all communists are socialists, because many of us only view socialism as a stepping stone to get us to where we want to be ie true communism (collective ownership of the world’s land and resources).\n\nAlso, Marx talking about “collective ownership of the means of production” means much more than factories and farms lol. It denotes collective ownership of the world’s land and resources, in addition to infrastructure like farms/factories etc (which couldn’t exist if it wasn’t for the land and resources they require to function)
Where would systems like Oligarchy, Consecration, etc.\nYou may not of heard of consecration so this is how it works.\nNo one owns anything all is consider God's and/or as common.  The state owns nothing, the leaders/'state'  roll is to only teach what is correct and beyond that let people govern themselves and to keep everyone organized.   Each family speaks with their  leader to determine where to live and put their surplus in the storehouse for those who were unable to produce sufficient but the leader does have any authority to require people to donate surplus.  Consecration system can only be composed of industrious and highly selfless people, which is why you probably never heard of it but when a group of people practice it in becomes a very beautiful and happy community of people who all become exceedingly prosperous.  Stealing is impossible because nothing is consider to be property.
I don't get how anarchism can be a kind of communism. How can a political theory about 0 government be categorized as a subsection of another political theory where the government has all the power.
I'm an anarcho-capitalist. \n\nCome at me breh.
Socialism utopian society theory doesn't work in real life.
Socialism without democracy is not socialism. Cuban democracy is the same thing as American democracy.
Socialist movement so many branches but where are all these great socialist countries failed
o he's swedish explains a lot
Hm i feel like I’d have to see what social democracy looks like in America before I can imagine a socialist state
In the US, just about 99% of people who call themselves “democratic socialists” are actually social democrats and they have no idea that there is a difference. I made this same mistake for the longest time, and I’m very glad this video exists, it was badly needed for the US political debates. Many right wingers just call everything to the left of them communist and honestly don’t see much of a difference between Bernie Sanders and Mao, which is a problem for democracy.
what about anarcho capitalist
Could you perhaps recommend an unbiased  book on socialism and capitalism?
Cuba is hardly democratic.
Have you ever heard of the no true scottsman fallacy?
Comrades we will overthrow the capitalists
Capitalism ?
The more important factor is individual v collective. Individuals are real and collectives are abstractions. Therefore, society should, and does work far better, when based around the individual. The US is known to be a ‘rugged individualistic’ country. This is sometimes mistaken for ‘right wing’. It’s successful, people all over the world want to go their, yet it’s evil- cognitive dissonance perhaps? The individual is dispensable in a collectivist nation. Also, left wingers can be individualist. Their is nothing more egalitarian than that.
nice video comrade
I feel so smart now!
Nice video dude
Socialism is cancer
Tjena göteborgare
«Like Sweeden and Denmark»\nOH YEAH, JUST GLANCE RIGHT OVER NORWAY WHY DONT YOU
@azureScapegoat  I always thought Sweden was socialist. Sweden imposed high taxes on the wealthy eliminating  social class and was a welfare state. Can you please elaborate?
Thank you comrade!
This guy kinda sounds like ed miliband
A lot of weird tendentious stuff here. Not all anarchists are communists or socialists. No mention of the inherently murderous nature of socialism and communism
I am not really bothered what the difference is after that lot.
While I don't exactly support what many state economy proponents preach, I found this video very interesting and non-biased, thanks for making a video on this subject that's not taking a side and just explaining the facts.
Communisim, socialism call it what you like\nThere's very little difference in the two.\nNow, ain't I right (ain't he right)\n(ain't he right)\nYour followers sometimes have been a bearded, hatless bunch\nThere's even been a minister or two\nA priest, a nun, a rabbi and an educated man\nHave listened and been taken in by you\nAw, the country's full of two-faced politicians\nWho encourage you with words that go like this\nBurn your draft card if you like, it's good to disagree\nThat's a get acquainted Communistic kiss\nNow, ain't I right (ain't he right)\n(ain't he right)\nOne politician said it would be nice to send some blood\nAnd help the enemy in Vietnam\nThat's what he says, here's what I say\nLet's just keep the blood\nInstead let's send that politician man\nLet's rid the country of the politicians,\nWho call us tramps, that march out in our streets\nProtesting those who want to fight for freedom, my friend\nThis kind of leader makes our country weak\nNow, ain't I right (ain't he right)\n(ain't he right)\nLet's look and find the strong and able leaders\nIt's time we found just how our neighbours stand\nIf we're to win this war with Communism\nLet's fight it here as well as Vietman\nLet's rise as one and meet our obligations\nSo Communistic boots will never trod\nAcross the fields of freedom that were given to us\nWith the blessing of our great almighty God\nAcross the fields of freedom that were given to us\nWith the blessing of our great almighty God
France is a social-democratic country that has been led by right-leaning parties since the beginning of the fifth Republic. I doubt our \"Socialist party\" can even be considered as a social-democratic party. Our social-democratic party is called fucking French Communist Party ...
this was so helpful. it’s hard to find reliable information on socialism since a lot of videos and articles are created by very strongly anti-communists. so thank you ??????
ALL COMMUNISTS SHOU DIE! I am reporting ur channel communist pig! A good communist is a dead communist! Communists are scum! Fucking untermenchen! USA is nomber one you fucking scandinavian pig
Lol people in Cuba ???? democratically through the government own means of production ??????
Where does fachism stand?
Comandre
HITLER HAD THE RIGHT IDEA! TAKE THE MONEY OFF THE ZIONIST BANKERS AND ABOLISH THE JEWISH USUARY SYSTEM THAT HAS ENSLAVED THE PEOPLE AND ONLY LOOKS AFTER THE ELITISTS 1%! BULLSHIT PROPAGANDA BY THE ZIONIST OWNERS OF THE MASS MEDIA HAVE DEMONIZED THE MOST HEALTHY FAIR AND HAPPY SOCIETIES EUROPE HAD EVER SEEN, SO THEY DONE THEIR DAMNESTTO DESTROY IT OR THE REAL TRUTH OF IT AND WROTE HISTORY TO POTRAY THEM AS EVIL PEOPLE!
I'm curious: the function of taxation as a means of public revenue to pay for social infrastructure such as roads and hospitals and social welfare such as education is non-capitalist, yet taxation as a form of revenue for private enterprise,  such as incentives, is pro-capitalist. How does taxation function in each of these definitions? It seems the line between socialist ideals and capitalist phenomena is not a clearly definable dichotomy, in practice, at least. \nThanks for your great presentation!
Economic Philosophy\n\nNational Socialism Key economic points on why they were so successful from 1933-1939\n\n1. What was the German economic policy introduced by National Socialism in 1933 based upon?\na. Fundamental considerations. In the relations between economics and the people, the people alone is the only unchangeable element. Economic activity in itself is no dogma and never can be such. There is no economic theory or opinion which can claim to be considered as sacrosanct. \n2. With regards to this issue, what is the only thing that is of decisive importance here?\na. The will to place the economic system at the service of the people, and capital at the service of economics.\n3. With regards to the above answer, what opinion does national socialism vigorously combat\na. That the economic structure exists for the benefit of capital and that the people are to be looked upon as subject to the economic system.\n\n4. Why is the notion that the economic system can exist and operate entirely freely and entirely outside of any control or supervision of the state false?\na. In the modern phase of the development, the economic system concentrates enormous masses of workers in certain special branches and definite local areas. New inventions or a slump in the market may destroy whole branches of industry at one blow.\n5. In the event of the above answer, will the industrialist be ruined? If not, why not? If so, will this happen to most industrialists or only a small percentage of them?\na. In most cases he will not be ruined so easily. He may close his factory gates or even try to find a new field for his personal activities. The industrialist who have to suffer in such contingencies are only a small number of individuals. \n6. And what of the workers?\na. On the other side, there are hundreds of thousands of workers with their wives and children. Who is to defend their interests and care for them? It is the duty of the volksgemeinschaft. Therefore, the volkgemeinschaft cannot be made to bear the burden of economic disasters without according it the right of influencing and controlling economic life and thus avoiding catastrophes. \n7. Is the salvation of our people a financial problem? If not, what kind of a problem is it?\na. It is not a financial problem, it is exclusively a problem of how industrial labor could best be employed on the one side and, on the other, how our agricultural resources could be utilized. It is first and foremost a problem of organization\n8. Are phrases such as “freedom of the economic system” helpful? In response to the answer for #7, what therefore needs to be done?\na. What we have to do is to use all available means at hand to make production possible, and open up fields of activity for our working energies.\n9. If # 8 can be achieved by the economic leaders, are will content? If it cannot be achieved, what must be done on the part of the state?\na. If they fail, the state is obliged to step in for purposes of seeing that the working energies of the nation are employed in such a way that what they produce will be of use to the nation, and the state will have to devise the necessary measures to assure this.\n10. In this respect the state may do everything; But what is the one thing it cannot do that was the actual state of affairs we had to face?\na. To allow 12.000 million working hours to be lost year after year!\n11. What gives money its value? \na. Productive labour\n12. Does the folk-community exist on the fictitious value of money? What does it exist on?\na. No. It exists on the results of productive labor.\n13. What is the first cover for a currency\na. This production, and not a bank or gold reserve\n14. What happens if I increase production? \na. I increase the real income of my fellow citizens.\n15. What happens if I reduce production?\na. I reduce that income, no matter what wages are paid out.\n16. Why was there a demand for many millions tons more coal than formerly? (not for the purpose of superheating the houses of a few millionaires to a couple thousand degrees)\na. Because millions of our volksgennossen were thus enabled to purchase more coal for themselves with their increased income.\n17. How was such a gigantic increase in German production brought about?\na. By giving employment to millions of German workers who had hitherto been idle.\n18. What guaranteed the market value of the goods produced?\na. That rise in total national income.\n19. When and why would there be shortages from time to time?\na. Only in such cases where we could not increase this production, owing to certain conditions that were beyond our control.\n20. Did the shortages bear any proportion whatsoever to the general success of the N.S. economists?\na. No\n21. How did this four year plan benefit the masses being released from the armament industry?\na. It provided permanent employment in the internal circulation of our economic life.\n22. Does the state wish to assume the role of entrepreneur? Under what circumstances will the state attempt to bureaucratize economic life.\na. No\n23. What is the extent to which the state will supervise conditions and methods of working?\na. Only in so far as this is in the interest of all those engaged in work.\n24. What value is an inventor or and economic organizer to the volkgemeinschaft?\na. Inestimable value.\n25. What is the first task of National Socialist education?\na. To make clear to all our volksgennossen how their reciprocal worth must be appreciated. There can be no substitute for the German worker. The inventor and genuine business leader are indespensible.\n26. Under the age of such an outlook on economic life, can strikes and lockouts be tolerated any longer?\na. No\n27. Why does the national socialist state repudiate the right of economic coercion?\na. Above all contracting parties stand the economic interests of the nation, which are the interests of the people.
The Marxians have no right to disguise themselves as Socialists. Unlike Marxism, Socialism does not repudiate private property, it does not negate personality, and it does not disarm its own people. (non military people)\n\nMarx invented nothing. The ancient Germans had certain grounds in common. Socialism, or the common weal, says that nobody starves, nobody freezes. It is not political, it is basic morals on the most fundamental level.\n\nRoosevelt gave Stalin $150 billion and unlimited tanks and ammo, not to mention covering for Katyn massacre and many war crimes of the Soviets. I fell for this Marxist trap as a youth, but now I know the truth. \n\nIn 1940, victims of the Katyn massacre went missing in Soviet occupied territory. In 1943 they were found by the national socialists (\"Nazis\") who conducted a rigorous investigation and invited the red cross and all nations to come and take a look. How were they rewarded? The whole thing was blamed on them by Roosevelt and Stalin and this blame lasted until 1989 when Russia finally admitted it. How can communists say the conspiracy is on them? I was a Marxist minded youth looking for answers and I can tell you, the truth is stranger than fiction.
Stopped when you said Anarchism is in communism. Anarchism and Communism are polar opposites. “Anarcho-Communism,” is an oxymoron.
marx is daddy
all this says is shit countries go socialist :thinking:
Thanks from a capitalist
Lol ''free education and health'' Why the fuck do you fucking spastics always say ''free'' My nigga nothing in this world is free.\n\nPeople work jobs, people get taxed for what they earn, and that tax money pays for retard things like ''free education'' or even worse they pay for lazy people who dont want to work!
Socialism is merely a synonym for communism. This video is bullshit
2:27 damn come on I wanted to sell my grandma
lol only dumb asses throw around these terms like word salads.
The people own the means of production THROUGH THE GOVERNMENT...\n\n\n\n\nOh wait, the governments that take over are corrupt and kill millions in the name of helping them.
To any communist wanting a revolution, American culture and population sizes are not in your favor, look at states like Montana and California, the most populous and one you never heard of, how are you going to put a system in place that works in both regions that are complete opposites.
The Nazi party, as far as I'm concerned, is fascist. It is a dictatorship that rules using xenophobia and racism as influence. Hence the reason for the extermination of the Jewish.
GREAT video about socialism without mentioning the biggest socialiat country ever - USSR
Socialism (without Jews control) and Communism(with Jews in control)   Hitler fought against Jewish Communist invading Christian Socialism of Europe!     Democracy and Communist is almost the same !
Wrong. The state is not the community, the people are the community. The state is the government. And the state in Cuba is not elected democratically, so how is this Socialist?\nHow could you make such a fatal flaw?
The problem with Scandanavi is it's homogenous...everyone is the same, the population is small, and they don't allow much immigration....much different that the USA
Here in Denmark, our leading political parties are a mix of capitalists and socialist. We pay like 47-63% in tax, but we have free education, free hospital and such
Yea, add that comunism dont work.
Thank you for making this video, I’m currently doing review for my Political Science course and this helped very much. It helps taking in information in different forms of media and through different senses.
Amazing video. Very comprehensive.
Most people don't realize that the philosophies of Communism and Socialism; even Germany's brand, predate the rise of Hitler, Stalin, even Karl Marx or Luxemburg. I remember reading books by Crowley published in 1904 that mention those \"infantile cults\" and the results to come should their implementation go forward. French intellectuals in the mid 1700's  are from what I can tell the originators of both philosophies underpinning structures; state planming, government control over production and distribution, employment, personsl liberties, the feelings about private property and business ownership etc..
Man you're all over the board with this agenda. Perhaps the majority know all to well exactly what Communism & Socialism means. As for labeling individuals appropriately, looks like, acts like, guess what it is.
I checked out your website and I thought I would give you a small bit of criticism (I know I would want it). In the FAQ, you assert that workers are not being paid according to their worth, but lots of people do believe they are being paid properly, so it begs the question: how are you determining the value of labor? In capitalist theory, value is determined by negotiation between employer and employee. Employers can decline raises, but employees can quit. The leverage goes both ways; wage vs skill, calculated in the minds of both people.
FWIW State != Community. I think this needs to be sorted out with these soft cuddly descriptions of what will inevitably be totalitarian regimes.
Anarchism derives from socialism!?!
Richard Wolff: \"Democracy at Work: A Cure for Capitalism\" | Talks at Google\nhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ynbgMKclWWc
socialism = economy is owned/controlled by \"community\"\nmarxism = economy is owned/controlled by \"workers\"\ncommunism =  marxist economy and without a state = impossible because anarchy is unachievable/unsustainable\nTo most people, socialism/marxism/communism = welfare state = give me free/subsidized goods/services
Interesting - I disagree about Cuba being controlled by the people.  It was controlled by People, the dictator Castro and his minions, but \"people\" as in ordinary Cubans had no real say, they got firing squads for speaking out.  What I'd like to see if a \"true\" socialist country ever arises, is that people fight to immigrate, instead of to emigrate.  I'm not saying that it can't be done, just that it hasn't been done so far.
OMG... citing the #MARXIST rework of Star Trek... The REAL Star Trek had something called \"credits.\"
But can you solve the Calculation problem in a system that has no currency?
that's a good and sadly underrated breakdown. should've told about the transition period
Social democracy worked quite well for a while in Britain in the immediate post-war years.It was a shame that the unions pushed so hard.That ushered in Thatcherism which turned the police force into Thatcher's personal army which she used to crush all & any protest against her policies.She destroyed our Nation as an industrial power & gutted coal-mining communities.They still have no jobs,no hope,no community spirit.She broke them.Just drugs & crime where there was true community spirit & working class pride.I'm no Marxist,at all!! But she left a legacy of ruin in her wake.Maybe the unions did need reeling in a little but that level of cultural destruction was malicious revenge upon those who tried to oppose her policies.Cruel,destructive & unnecessary.
Communism will only work perfectly IF everyone agrees to it but not everyone agrees with it so plus its better on small scale while capitalism is better on large scale
Okay fuck off, saying they have some government intervention then use the example of not exploiting your grandmother? That’s insanely biased and pretty unfair
I know alllll about this stuff because some times i play as a communisst in hoi4!
One thing undeniable and  true about theories of socialism, communism and Marxism is that the three have cost over 100,000,000 people their lives to date. And I knew some of them.
As someone whose political views drift left and right all the time, i really enjoyed this video and found it very interesting.\nThank you for this.
This is why socialism and communism always end up failing the ideologies are to complex and not everyone agrees on what it is and how it should be run this is why socialist countries often tend to have uprisings
Social Democracy rocks.
That was really fucking confusing lol
All of these are horrible ideologies.
Basically \nSocialism=Fairness and equality\nCommunism=Fair organized anarchy\nAnarchy= No government
thing is terms mean what people decide they mean, not their creators or apologists\n\nwhether you have a pristine definition you support or not, communism has killed over 100 million people and socialism didn't only kill the jews. nazis ARE socialist by the way. extremely.  sweden, china, cuba, sanders and nazis have the following in common:\n\n- high tax                                                                     - funded more than 15% by communist county banks\n- gun control                                                               - nightmarish identity politics (yes even modern sweden)\n- invasive corporate regulation                                - move in direction of globalization, debate on how much\n- universal \"healthcare\"                                             - social dogma enforced even if individual isn't hurting anyone, liberty removed\n\nso right there the premise is wrong. please step up your game. better yet, learn that communism and socialism only sound good in an ideological framework (and THAT is debatable, i still think the 'ideal' form is tyranny and foolish)  In real life it just murders people and was specifically invented to trick the middle class into returning to serfdom and slavery\n\npeople forget that wealth, the means of production and etc are not more important than life. no one is more oppressive than the governments these days, including the wealthiest people and companies
The problem with communism is that eventually you run out of other peoples money to spend. So you have to annex other countries.  Ask Russia.
STOP IGNORIMG FINLAND AND DO NPT SPEAK ABOUT DENMARK AND SWEDEN ALL.THE TIME
paid for by the taxpayers*
Sexlexia lol love Futurama
I´m from Sweden and I´ll try to explain the definition of socialism as I see it ... Socialism means that everyone has access to healthcare, childcare, education, etc., which the government of the country will provide through the tax system. In Sweden, citizens receive this free of charge (without paying with any net income) ... These services can be performed by government or by private companies (via the tax system) ... So all schooling, healthcare, education is \"free\" (no extra money is paid) ... Education is free also at university (students are paid to study there)! Everyone is entitled to 25 days paid leave each year (with 100% salary) and you are entitled to have parental leave for up to 18 months / child (with 80% salary) ... Sweden is not a purely socialist country but a social democratic country where most companies are privately owned as IKEA, HM, Volvo, Ericson etc ... and also network companies that created Skype, Spotify, MineCraft, etc.
In Cuba why does the government own the means of production instead of the people themselves? Isn't this easily corrupted? Doesn't this put the government above the people?
In Cuba why does the government own the means of production instead of the people themselves? Isn't this easily corrupted?
In Cuba why does the government own the means of production instead of the people themselves? Isn't this easily corrupted?
Capitalism without socialism you get fascism, socialism without capitalism you get communism. You will always need capitalism to live in a world full of wonders.
You forgot to add Anarcho syndicalism
Socialism, communism.... Both cancerous mechanisms that always have and always will usher in genocide and total dictatorship.
I feel like the model is a bit inaccurate when representing Anarchism. Anarchism is a multifaceted ideology that can fall under both capitalism and communism. Generally speaking anarchists do fall on the socialist and communist spectrum, mostly because Anarcho-Capitalism is just generally bad as it undermines the concept of anarchism by establishing authority through wealth.
I would like to know the difference between a democracy, capitalism and a constitutional republic. I could look it up but a video is nice.
Socialism is the grift of non-producing people into the largesse of producers through the \"democratic\" force of the state.
Damn you Systembolaget.... das ist nicht dot!
I appreciate, that somebody makes such videos, becuase I'd like to know more about your point of view, with which I disagree the most I can. But I can't judge anything, that I don't really know, so I'm happy for these explanations.
PragerU add is actually pretty lit...I shouldn't have gave it a thumbs down
PragerU add is actually pretty lit...I shouldn't have gave it a thumbs down
The basic thought of scoialisms redistribution of wealth stand directly against the ideas of the us. It has never really taken hold here because we have too much income mobility. The problem we are fighting now is the socialist idea that we are the same. Look if you make something successful and I don't then we are not the same. Why should we stifle innovation and drive for \"equality\" when all that equality equates to is crushing of those who are willing to support those who are not. The only true equality we can have for everyone is equality of opportunity not equality of outcome. If we all died we would be equal but I don't want to die am I now taking advantage of others because I have a drive to change my outcome? Why should my outcome change if I'm not willing to change it? My problem with socialism is it works only when you have taken everything away and its about simple survival. When there is excess then human nature of what I need kicks in and destroys the basic concept of equal outcome that you are seeing emerge in leftist states here in the us. Look at Cali its becoming a communist hellhole.
great video!
Communism= socialism= mental confusion = Leninist Stalinist mismanagement corruption naxalism massacres then....blah blah....... Poof !  USSR gone  !
488000th view
Why the hell is this recomended.\n\nHey a tip go back to 1921 to 2000 and you Will have your awnser on socialism in sweden. 1 thing for sure. We are not communists and we do not like capitalism that USA has. Also it would be a big misstake saying that scandinavia is socialistisk.  We all have our own history. We have our own culture. +swedens flag is not scandinavia. Scandinavia is a union of several nordic Countries. Like you cant say scandinavia is socialistisk. Like denmark and sweden is so opposit eachother fundamentally.\n\nLike american democrats is for me a right wing party.\nRepublicans are far right.\nWant to learn a thing or 2 about socialism. Watch the movie of Olof Palme. One of our greatest primeminister Who is a social democrat. That might get you the best awnser. But for now. Socialism in sweden is not communism and for sure not capitalism.
Video is well put together. But I can't say I agree with all the points. Too tired to write out why though.
Entrepreneurialism, small-scale creativity to provide something of value, startups, not capitalism (using money mainly just to make more money). We need to persuade the ultra rich to not be gamers just collecting as much as possible but putting it to work for other-than-self (including you and me) to benefit.
Someone is a moron. Communism, Socialism and Marxism ARE ALL THE SAME CREATURE. ??
Brilliant video!  \nThx
The Bolsheviks destroyed the idea of Socialism. Socialism was always known as workers control over the means of production. Bolshevism is state monopoly on the means of production, completely different. Socialism from this time has another name today, Anarchism. \n\nThese ideas are taken from Noam Chomsky.
The only thing that matters is socialism, marxism and communism all screw the average person. All anyone needs to know is capitalism is the only economic system that has ever produced success.
What a fail you are
I guess I'm just too capitalist to get it because I just don't get it at all, even after a 2nd viewing. I don't know, maybe I'm just arguing from incredulity here, but I don't get it.
If you put it on 2x it becomes a Cgp grey video
The problem I have with this video is it presents socialism and capitalism as if they can't both exist simultaneously.  There are definitely differences between the two ideologies and they both have their pros and cons but most countries have elements of both.  Instead of two solid colors it really should be a gradient between capitalism and socialism.......... and depending on the service or industry it will vary where it is in the gradient.
But at the end of the day there still all retarded
I'd love to see your review of the Venus Project and its proposal of a \"resource-based economy\" and if it falls anywhere under communism or marxism. Jacque Fresco's idea of a resource-based economy is a bold idea that hasn't been tried. Fresco wants to declare all the earth's resources the common heritage of all the earth's people. There is no money or possession, but people have access to all the necessities of life without a price tag or servitude or barter. Repetitive or mundane labor will be automated by machines, freeing people to pursue art, science, and other higher things. Not only the necessities of life, but whatever they need or desire. There's no point in extravagant lifestyles without money, so everyone, not just certain people or groups, is able to enjoy a high standard of living. Jacque says it's not so much ownership of something one desires, but access to it. How many of our possessions sit around collecting dust and not being used for years? So shopping is more like a public library. So if you go somewhere on vacation, you could go to a distribution center and check out a camera, and return it if you wish. If you want to keep it, no one's stopping you, but it's your burden. The only practical reason for keeping one is if you take pictures a lot normally and not just here and there. Without money, and with resources freely available, stealing is a non issue, along with a lot of the crimes associated with the monetary system, so crime would disappear, and the need for government and laws will disappear. And even if someone commits some sort of aberrant or violent behavior, society seeks to rehabilitate them, not lock them up in a cell for a time. The monetary system runs on scarcity, but wind and solar energy are so abundant there's no point in selling them, and we have the resources to house everyone, build hospitals and schools all over the world, give labs and universities the finest equipment for scientific and medical research. We can take technology to its highest potential, rather than planned obsolescence and technological paralysis, and automate repetitive tasks and production to such a level that scarcity doesn't exist. It doesn't mean we have unlimited resources, it just means we intelligently manage our resources. such as saving the wastewater from the sink and shower and using it to flush the toilet, and then filtering and recycling the waste water from the toilet. Rather than telling people to conserve water, build a system that does it. That's about it in a nutshell. You can watch the movie \"Zeitgeist: Addendum\" or the Venus Project documentaries \"Welcome to the Future\", \"Future By Design\", \"Paradise or Oblivion\", or \"The Choice Is Ours\", or read the book \"The Best That Money Can't Buy\" for more info, or I can try an answer whatever questions you might have, but I'd like to know where you think about where it falls under anarchy or communism or if it doesn't fall under any system as Jacque Fresco says. He says capitalism, communism, socialism, fascism, and all other such systems are all the same, obsolete and corrupt, and I tend to agree and think the resource based economy is a great idea, but you know more about socialism and communism and all more than I do, so I'm curious what you think. Thanks.
This is simply wrong. Sweden is not socialistic, which no one can argue it is.
Your video has subtile mistakes. Under socialism/communism, the state owns the means of production. Under fascism, private enterprise is allowed to exist IF it supports the goals of the state and conforms to the concept of ‘everything within the state, nothing outside the state.’ Scandinavia is more fascist than socialist IMHO.
Capitalism is better
nazi's weren't socialists they did that to trick ppl to hate socialists they even killed socialists
There never was communist countries, there were and are today only socialist countries
Sweden tax 56% of your earnings, makes it almost impossible to buy a car because of the taxes you have to pay. The free education and free healthcare does not mean you are getting a good education or good doctor,,, why? Because anyone can have an education.. competition creates inovation, it creates better devepment and it creates better possibilities... if a doctor that is not that innovated, does not compete with doctors from other countries takes care of you, you will have a greater chance of dying...
Is the concept of democracy socialist in nature?
You were assigned a job in Nazi Germany and couldn't quit.
\"Community is the State\" - didn't listen after that
Here's one: there isn't any. Slava Rossiya!
Why is it every time I hear/read someone explaining Marxism/socialism It sounds so wonky? It's always working class this, working class that. Like it boils down to farmer vs land owner. In other situations like doctors or factory workers, as seen in other comments, does the party \"pay\" them? So the Communist party ideally represents the \"workers\" and own the MoP in their place? Or ideally there is no party and it's all just \"workers\" and services are done via bartering system, akak a free market?\n\nI'm guessing \"The Party\" who would be representative of \"The people\" is just the state, or some form of it. I don't understand how anyone could trust something. that much. No state, ruling class, or organization should be trusted to be neutral to all people. There's never one, in the history of humans, that could be trusted. I'm sure in peoples fantasy of collective equality this sounds plausible. But beyond ones family, you start to stretch acceptance to its breaking limit.
Nazi Germany's economy was never a free market, private ownership existed in name only. the Nazis were the ones dictating prices, wages, what/when and how much of something would be produced, etc.
I was hoping you could go into the capitalist counter parts
So this guy is a Marxist huh
And just who will lead this grand scheme? Socialism of any stripe needs as a foundation the fact that no one can be secure in their own possessions and that people will produce of their own volition for the greater good without any reward. When any means of reward or punishment is introduced we are essentially right back to a capitalistic system if that reward can be leveraged to any social advantage. Notice the difference colors of uniforms in Star trek? Somebody is always gonna give the orders. Anarchist? Darwinist? The strong survive and rule,  sorry Charlie it's all b.s.
Cuba democratic?
Socialists:liberals with the Che Guevara shirt\nMarxists: Jews with sweet beards\nCommunists: *plays Soviet march URA!!!!!!
Where do you get these definitions? Your professor? Your intellectual cadre? Nobody understands these terms with these definitions. Here's how regular people understand these terms, and mind you that this is important because the only effective way of communicating an idea in a way that affects social change is to have your terms lined up with the widest possible audience:\nSocialism = state control of the economy for the purpose of equality. (The state need not control the whole or the majority of the economy, but rather more than a trivial part in order to meet this definition. The USA is one of few countries to have big welfare spending but not be socialist, due to weedsy differences in policy that resulted from an orthodoxy to pro-corporate ideology.)\nFeudalism = state control of the economy for the states' gains\nCorporatism = state control of the economy for private gains. (A state can be corporatist even if only a small but noticeable pattern emerges in their behavior which is corporatist.)\nCommunism = socialism that does not include democracy or civil rights.\nAnarchism = no state.\nFascism = socialism - equality + forced patriotism + state control of all things. (Think racist totalitarianism.)\nSocial Democracy = socialism + democracy + civil rights + a social experiment - nationalization and/or equal distribution\nDemocratic Socialism = socialism guided by the people's wills + social pluralism\nCapitalism = government non-intervention in the economy\nRevolutionary socialism = the belief that a violent revolution should occur to implement a communist society.\nMarxism = the belief that revolutionary socialism should be practiced in the belief that it will lead to a form of anarchy that de facto practices equal distribution of wealth, not through the state but by mutual trust.\nNobody cares about anything too pointy-headed, so abnandon the quest for \"worker controlled means\" and \"orthodox v. revisionist marxism.\" It's like how people try to strike a difference between different types of anarchy. Nobody cares.
Money is the root of all evils, for those with it, and even those without it, ensnared by its power.\nWith money you build arsenals, control people with power, governmental law, codes and regulations. \nWithout it, tools of labor for taxation, confiscation and manipulation. \n\nWell placed propaganda works best when those who are being manipulated are confident they are acting upon their own best interest, and free will.
None of this matters, it's a symptom of corruption regardless it's name.\nWhat's important is the component that drives all these systems, the worthless bank note known as money, enslaving all to it's debt.\nBy design, whom ever holds this debt rules the world, and that happens to be 8000 bankers, their headquarters to be exact, the BIS.\nCollapsing governments, countries, militaries at will like a real life version game of Life.
The common thread is fascism
Start up the rotors, pack the leftist scum.
Never explained what Marxism is
Left wing nut job.....
Leninism and Marxism-Leninism are the same thing
George Lincoln Rockwell - American National Socialism
Holy shit so compclicated I don't get it.
The socialism 101 is a very good and educated read , and was very helpful in understanding it , you have partly convinced me about it. Though the reason I say partly is because of lack of examples when saying \"No, plenty of them succeeded\" [ about socialism succeeding ] . In addition , saying that the US blocked socialism [ unjustly with the context you provide ] during the Korean war is wrong , as North korea attacked first to take over the sovereignty of another nation , so in reality it could just be two sides of the same coin .
So in this free market of Germany during WWII, exactly who was Germany trading on the open market with? The countries they invaded? The Russians? The Americans? Brits?\n\nExactly how did Germany get their money to keep the economy moving?\n\nYes, Germany was Socialist, but only with the focus on social programs designed to benefit the race of Germans, those who are called Teutonics. It did not benefit those who were not racially German. That is the difference as Russia was not and never was one ethnic group. And the US was never one ethnic group.\n\nInvading Poland was of no socialist benefit to the Poles, and the Nazi party didn't franchise France into the Socialist system of benefit. The French didn't benefit from Nazi Socialism. \n\nThe very reason is in the title of the party, the GERMAN workers. They did not consider those who lived in Germany that were not German as German nationality, to them German was a race, pure and simple. The US considers every American as American regardless of ethnic identity. And that is what you need to discuss. \n\nScandinavia is still fairly homogeneous, and to look at the US with the rose colored glasses of assumption that Americans should be like Scandinavia is clearly ignorance on the part of Scandinavians in wanting the US to be like Scandinavia in socialist programs that would never work in the US. \n\nWe have extreme broad spectrum of ethnicities and multigenerational class poverty that have not benefited by any of the socialist programs and certainly no Communist policies would work either. \n\nSocialism is nothing more than giving to the many what the few produce. When the few stop producing, what is next? Communism that everyone is equally entitled to the starvation that follows. When your population can no longer be maintained and the few no longer can produce, eventually the many will have to be forced to work because Socialism has engendered the idea that as long as someone else is producing then those not producing are entitled to the benefits. \n\nAsk young people today, do they want to produce tangible goods or do they want a society of mechanization to do the labor while they bask in leisure all day? Go ahead, ask. \n\nAnd while your Scandinavian farmers work to produce your food, are your Scandinavian farmers benefiting as much as the average urban Scandinavian? No, you will find they do not. \n\nThe worker in Scandinavia is still few feeding the many. Taxation for free education is good in theory, however if your free education is turning students away from producing, your students are still the many benefiting from the few who do produce and you call that Socialism? Marx called that bourgeoisie. \n\nPrivate ownership vs. State ownership.....the whole community is not producing, but the whole community is to benefit even if the majority never produce?
i feel you mis placed anarchy.  anarchy is very tight with capitalism.  the confusion comes from those self proclaimed anarchist activists.  these people do detest government but in action attempt to govern themselves.  libertarianism is just left of true anarchy.
The differences between the various forms of socialism are irrelevant to capitalists because they're all based on one very bad idea. Also, you can never have an actual democracy in a socialist system. A socialist government can only exist by unreasonably taxing those with means and redistributing the wealth. Obviously, this requires the threat of force to successfully implement that kind of taxation. Communists go even farther by handing over control of all means of production to the government and making private property ownership illegal.
This is the result of oversimplification and ignorance. I’m not a communist nor am I a socialist, but what I am is unimpressed.
The only problem with Socialism on it's own, as in not being a smaller part of a general capital system as is the case in Scandinavia, is that it ignores a very basic and simple issue, human nature!! ever wondered why in any socialist or a communist country through out history, the ruling party is generally full of Army leaders? it's because, Greed, a very basic instinct in humans that you cannot just ignore, sooner or later, the commune will be controlled by those who have the power! the army, then they will assign the better jobs, the better positions to their friends and friends friends, and eventually they will control the wealth, none else will have anything because they can't. whoever disagree will be labeled a traitor, a capitalist, an enemy of state, there will be no fair trials because the leaders of the party have no interest but their own interest.\nI lived in a so called Socialist country, and saw the demise happen year after year.\n\nAlso, I read in the website,that you claim Orwell was advocating socialism?? where did you get that? 1984 was a clear attack on socialism and communism!
Capitalism and socialism can work together. It must be done through companies requiring them to letting them have 401k plans through salary withdraws, matching contributions, requiring companies to share in the profit of a company with profit sharing according to wages. This would take a burden off the social security system poverty later in the future.
Sorry I just heard a lot of blah blah blah. Tried to fallow but it didn't really explain anything. except maybe how the greatest nation on Earth should try to be more like some of the crappy ones.
It all stems from Marxism. They just keep changing the title.
I'm trying to understand; When someone says \"Anti Capitalist\", does that mean they want to completely abolish the system of money and currency and go back to a barter / trade system? Or does it mean that - say if they're Democratic Socialist - they'd prefer to have power to the proletarians over personally owned businesses? Or is there no space for centrism ideology in under the umbrella of Communism? Most self-proclaimed communists I know prefer to have an extreme ideology. Just trying to understand if anti-capitalism means abolishing the currency system or is it more forgiving than that?
Oh please, Cuba is about as democratic as North Korea. To not describe them as a dictatorship is a lie
The only men that support Communism/Socialism are gullible fools and tyrants.
Sorry, no offense, but you should make a new video...\nSocialism, and social democracy is NOT the same thing.\nhttps://spfaust.wordpress.com/2011/06/12/socialism-vs-social-democracy-whats-the-difference/\nThe main difference is that social democracy does NOT exclude private ownership and capitalism.\nAll the main very successful western European nations are social democratic, and are at the top of every Top 10 list one can think of, except maybe military spending and income inequality :-)\nBernie Sanders is a social democrat, not a socialist.
Loved it!
Those who say communism doesn't work need to look at tribal communities who have been functioning based on communist principles for thousands of years even before Marx was born.\nThe correction should be that Marxism doesn't work in big communities (like entire nations), but here we're already adding a particular circumstance into the equation, saying \"communism doesn't work under X conditions\". Personally having studied all classical political ideologies as part of my degree, I came to the conclusion that there is absolutely nothing in the world that \"cannot work\". Everything depends on circumstances. Just because Feudalism doesn't work today doesn't mean that it \"cannot work\". We have historically recorded evidence that it did work. Just because slavery doesn't work today doesn't mean that it \"cannot work\" because we also have historically recorded evidence of it working. Likewise we have historical evidence of communism working, but only in tiny tribal communities. What if we come across some new circumstances in the future that will force us to adopt Communism or revert back to Feudalism? Everything can happen.
Socialists, communists and Marxists are thoroughly confused people. I already knew that.
If the state owns the means of production, that doesn't mean the community own it.\nState capitalism is not socialist.
American congress is run by Big pharam/ Oil companys/Other lobbyists. fuck capitalism
There is no confusion we just don't care. Your ideas of economics are similar enough that we put you all under the umbrella of Red and we do not like any form of Socialism or other Red ideologies you idiots push.\nI don't even know why this was recommended to me. Sure I watch videos on economics and politics now and then but I was listening to music. And I see this and I am like \"Wowie this will be fun.\"\nWorst Roller Coaster ever. Hope no one gets swayed by this video.
\"Under capitalism, these factories are used for anything and everything that can generate profit, not for necessities that society actually needs.\"\n\nThis simply isn't true. Claiming capitalism is outdated and can no longer provide for those under it is so idiotic. Where does clothing, building material and processed food all go through before reaching the consumer? Unless you're arguing food, clothing, and shelter are not \"necessities.\"
I would like to add this as one of my sources but with it going by just an alias I can't. I know that the author's name is Mio Sidén. But who is Mio Siden? I suspect that he is an educator or news columnist. \n\nI wish he had also added the truth that the NAZIs, socialist, and communist are ALL based on the socialist foundation of collectivism rather the individualism as in individual rights are supreme that most capitalist countries are based.
Means of production is by a communist the work place. But anyone with a mind knows that a work place don't produce anything unless there are people working there. So the means og production are the people/workers. Control worker, wages and taxes, you control the means of production.
False! Socialism is that everything is free and payed by the government... \nThis guy has not heard of taxes or other fee's you have PAY! Or, you don't pay, the government steals it from you through legislation.
Sources?
Regardless how nice socialism sounds the results of it looks like a Venezuela when accomplished.
Socialism is not where the Means of Production is controlled by the \"community.\" That is a white wash. It is owned by the Government in the name of the Community, and the Government makes the decisions, on behalf of the community.
http://youtu.be/wIphJwy2jno
Cuba is a Military dictatorship, the Castro’s have never had a Democratic election ever, they have sham elections of course to pacify the public but the true results are meaningless and yes they have some socialist tendencies but to say that Cuba is a socialist government is bullshite.
You don't have a clue about this subject, do you !   What a joke !
\"Cuban gov  is democratic as in run by the people...\"\nAre you fucking serious?
Never forget IngSoc
So anarchism, which literally means without organized government, is communist, which is the idea of a government regulating every aspect of the lives of citizens?  I don't care how smart you think you sound, I'm not following.
The problem with communism is for it not to fail it depends on people being inherently good, hard wooking (or at least motivated), and selfless... all qualities the average person does not possess. \nAlso, Star Trek has a class system (militaristic hierarchy) and a government (the Federation), so they aren't communist... but I see where you were going.
The greatest misconception people have is the failure to realize that \"owned by the people\" is actually owned by the government. That is a select group of people with power over everyone else. Also, look up \"Iron law of bureaucracy.\"
You lost me at Cuba \"choosing\" a public run economy in which \"elected\" officials do the planning. There is no choice in Cuba, nor true elections as only one party is lawful allowed to exist.
So funny how people won't even discuss national socialism anymore because of Hitler but just because a lot of people don't know how bad Stalin was so now communism is still an acceptable economic argument. Why can't someone have pride in their country being a national socialist and not want to kill people at the same time? I think you can...??
I think you should be allowed to sell your grandmother for money
basically all are shit
The USSR definitely called themselves communist its in there national anthem look it up.
I like the idea of social democracy, a more social form of capitalism as some European countries have. The idea of welfare is and financial support provided by the government is ideally what would prevent dramatic differences in the classes. The idea of capitalism is more fair than socialism but has its own flaws of course.\n\nwith a balance between the two, and the elite paying fair tax rates according to their income, it sounds like a good recipe and far better than socialism\n\nbut like everything else, it always sounds good on paper and is implemented much differently in practice.
HITLERS DEFINITION OF SOCIALISM\n\n\"A socialist is one who serves the common good without giving up his individuality or personality or the product of his efficiency. Our adopted term 'Socialist' has nothing to do with Marxism Socialism. Marxism is anti-property; true socialism is not. Marxism places no value on the individual, or individual effort, or efficiency; true socialism values the individual efficiency, at the same time holding that his interests as an individual must be in consonance with those of the community, All great inventions, discoveries, achievements were first the product of an individual brain. It is charged against me that I am against property, that I am an atheist. Both charges are False\"\n~ Adolf Hitler, December 28, 1938
Socialism and Communism are evil and degrade the value of the individual, his actions, and his thoughts in society in favor of an overreaching government that always suspends the rights of that individual in the name of what is “good” for the rest of the group.  Hundreds of millions of people have been killed by this evil ideology in the twentieth and twenty first centuries.
There's none. Even Fascisme is on the same ticket/brance. National Socialism..., does it ring a bell? https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HFPugvX4RcA
I can smell the american pigs raging out because Sweden is a Nazi country
Why do people think it's so cool to say stuff in German, especially if they didn't actually learn the language and can't speak it? Nobody tries to pronounce ???????????????? ?????? ?????????? ????? or anything like that. I can still hear Richard Spencer's \"Lügenpresse\" ringing in my ears.
\"The State\" and \"The community\" are two very different entities
Marxists-leninists are the worst impérialist s and oppressors. Plan economy can't make it work, the Chinese were organised because Mao used his Marxist ideology the red book and his culture to control people. It works in China because people follow the leader. Cuba was different because they used ideas of Marx to free the people from their misery, poverty and inequal society. However people can never be equal, it's a concept that we have in our minds. Some are rich and some are poor.
This is not accurate. I am anarchist and capitalist. There are other ways of understanding modes of living than this that are more inclusive. Regular maps of politics for example. (multiple axis). If you keep going like this I am concerned you'll not be able to accept others views and hate people different from yourself. Also, if you want to describe something, don't say it has no definition, then define it. People use words because they express something with value. Either it cheapens you as an individual or you as a socialist.
anarchism is as an ideology older than communism. so in my opinion it should not be a subgroup of communism. anyway it is an interesting text that explains well several political concepts.
personally i have listened to you people explain what communism/socialism is. i would rather listen to the founding fathers and their wisdom and views on socialism then some educate guy who has gotten his education from a socially driven agenda collage. consider the professors and teachers today who are far left pushing their socialist agendas, instead of the true history of this country and the true history of socialism, changing their teachings by inserting their socialist views along with their version of American history for people to make up their minds of which they want. democratic socialism is nothing but mob rule. communist socialism is nothing but an oligarchy ruling the masses. capitalism under a republic like in America lets people keep what they earn, not true in the other two forms of government. the problem with capitalism is not capitalism, it is the criminals within government who want to grease their pockets by passing laws that benefit corporations more then the people they swore to serve. this i blame on the people and their corrupt government for not stopping this criminal behavior. when a good working system becomes corrupt you do not change to another system, you fix or repair the system.
you have 1 angel on the right and a lot of pure evils on the left. that's all you need to know.
I've been having trouble getting a consistent definition for any of these, thanks dude!
While the definition of socialism as given is the \"technically accepted definition\", I disagree with it in that it is misleading with regard to what actually matters. What matters is not \"ownership\" but control .It doesn't matter in any real or practical or economic sense who owns\" a resource. What matters is who makes the decisions about how any given resource is to be utilized ... control .\n\nConsider a particular application or utilization for a resource. How exactly does it make any distinguishing difference in any practical manner whether that decision was made by the owner or made by someone else which is then imposed on the \"owner\"? The reason that \"ownership\" is used in the definition, IMHO, is that it was implicit that \"ownership\" connotes control .\n\nIn an economic sense, it is the decision that is made that creates the economic implications, not who \"owns\" that resource subjected to that decision. If the market determines that X should be produced with that resource rather than Y, meaning the people want X rather than Y, but the decision is that is imposed on the resources is that the resources should instead be used to produce Y, the people do not get the X they want. It doesn't matter who \"owns\" the resources, it's that the decision to produce Y instead was made and was imposed upon the utilization of that resource. The economy does not produce what the people actually want not on account of who \"owns\" the resources, but on account of who actually controls the utilization of those resources.\n\nWhich is why it's farcical when Bernie Sanders states that he is not against private ownership and not for state ownership. Well, of course, because he knows he can regulate those resources to serve his agendas, so \"owning\" them would just be redundant. The economic problems that would ensue would not be on account of who \"owned\" the resources, but who controlled the resources (by fiat and decree) in contradiction to owned those resources, disallowing them from being able to apply their resources as the market indicates they should be applied...such that they would then be applied to serve the people's wishes as expressed in those markets, as opposed to the agenda of an ideologue wielding power to control those resources.\n\n---\n\nI like the drawing (Cuba) showing the people indirectly controlling the means of production \"democratically\" through the state...as opposed to the people \"controlling\" the means of production essentially directly through markets, in that the people indicate how resources would best be applied to serve the interests of the people through the marketplace, and businesses are slaves to the markets. Serve the market (and thus the people) or go bankrupt. People bid up the prices in the market place for things they want, businesses (people) slavishly seek to produce more into those markets to reap the potential profits. People bid down the prices in the marketplace for things they want less of, businesses slavishly leave those markets - or go bankrupt producing that which people don't buy. Unlike government control which then argues that they need more power to yield better results - the reason they failed was (as it always is claimed) on account of some other villain which they must be grater ever greater power to combat. Of course they will never admit that it is impossible to centrally plan an economy. But a large part of the problem is in pricing by fiat and decree because a thing \"ought\" to cost no more than X, or people \"ought\" to be paid more than Y. To which people respond as illustrated above. The produce less of that which is priced less even if the people actually want more of it, and wastefully produce more of stuff for which they are paid more to produce, even if people would rather have less of that and more of the former. Which the central planners would know if they followed market pricing. But they don't because that's the point of it - they think the prices ought to be something different. If the people's signalling in the marketplace were to be used, then what would the central planners do? Except that the people won't get what the people want (assuming they get much of anything at all) because market prices, information, and allocation are not permitted.\n\nWhich is why socialism inevitably results in dictatorship as this is the only way to force a people to be subjected to economic planning that does not give them what they want. When people are not allowed to react to pricing and to benefit from reacting to pricing (producing what people actually want) the only way to get people to produce is to force them to work doing things for which the incentives and motivation have been eliminated or perverted. But if people were allowed to freely respond to market signals as they want to do, which would result in being produced what the people have signaled they want in the marketplace, then what would the central planners do. The only way to get people to do what the central planners think ought to be done rather than what the people actually want to be done and to do is to force them to not do the latter.\n\nWhich is why free markets, er, \"black markets\" always still manage to pop up everywhere people are denied them...forcibly. It is because free market economic activity IS natural human behavior. \n\n---\n\nThe accumulation of wealth is no longer the driving motivation. Ha Ha Ha. I love Star Trek but it is still utopian science fiction , at least in that sense. So at some point in time between the present and the time of Star Trek, humanity completely rewired the human brain ... and re-wrote mathematics to produce some alternate Game Theoretical outcomes. Apparently.\n\n---\n\nWell, yes, it does go against human nature. But more specifically, it goes against Game Theory (or more precisely, it produces results as would be predicted by Game Theory). And in that human behavior evolved as a sort of \"Game Theoretical computer\", yes, it goes against human behavior. Which is to say, it's not just impossible because of human behavior, it's fundamentally Game Theoretically impossible too. And that's before you even get to the immorality implicit in socialism.
\"The economy in Nazi Germany was largely free market capitalist.\"\nStopped watching there, this guy obviously has no idea of what he's talking about.\nIn Nazi Germany you were told exactly what to produce and how much by the government. Your business still TECHNICALLY belonged to you, but de facto it belonged to the government.
And what's in common to all of them? None of them have ever worked neither as an attempt to practically install the ideology neither as an ideology which defines in-depth concepts of human right, human economy, human freedom.\nTrue opium of the people is all that has come from Marx and his followers.
wow capitalism is so much simpler humans alway go for something they can understand easily.
This video is terribal. Really seems to muddy the watter. Can we aknowledge some core tenents of practice here? Ex. Socialism (generally) = the collective ownership of wealth secured by a central governing force, reasonable?
Please play this to the Dotard in charge of you over there. He doesn't the difference and obviously  just visualises Ivan Drago
People like to belittle things they believe are out of reach for them. Which in a communist's case money because they are too lazy to put in sort of hard work so they cry to the government.
There are no Nazis, offensive and derogatory term. Not now or then.
Every socialism is a piece of shit. In my opinon \"European Union\" a.k.a. IV Reich should be destroyed
in my opinion I just call them what political ideology they have. so in the school where I go, my teacher (not the homeroom teacher, and who I think as commie ) said Soviet union is Socialist after I said that the USSR is Communist country. \n\n\n\n\nFUCK. MY SCHOOL
Murica doesn't give a shit
Headache.
I am going to politely say that I do not fully agree, but I like the fact that you are addressing the question. Thank you.
Wow this is seriously idiotic
Then what's anarcho-capitalism?
ganders at the like/dislike ratio \n\n\"Well, it was obviously a hard fought battle, but I guess we've won, comrades.\" cue Soviet Anthem\n\nEDIT: Nevermind, your simplistic definition of Anarchism is unforgivable. It's Spain all over again, eh, Perfidious Red.
How stupid can anyone be to proclaim oneself a marxist?
Capitalism favours the individual where as socialism favours the group, I hate people so I'll stay as a capitalist lolol
How about similarities? Here's one: they all don't work and miserably fail
I mean. Social democracy, and the economic aspects of nazism, are pretty similar.
no matter how 'you' define socialism...its bad. anytime you have a group of people refusing to put into society but expecting to benefit from other people who do work you have a major problem...over time, less people work, so higher taxes and cost of living for those that do...and I believe Thatcher said \"the problem with socialism is that eventually you run out of other peoples money to spend\" ...lazy, entitled garbage will always support free stuff and couldnt care less if others have to work 2 or 3 jobs to support the socialists. you can go F yourself.
Capitalism > all that other stupid shit
Socialism works at first, but overtime it can destroy an economy. Take Brazil for an example, who elected a socialist president. Brazil's economy was amazing before this, with foreign investors highly interested in it. When he was elected, he put in socialist policies and it worked at first, but then slowly started to destroy Brazil slowly. After a few years, Brazil was ranked in the top 20 countries to open a business or be successful in. Socialism is like a drug, it feels amazing at first, but then ruins your life slowly. Or in this case, your country.
30 seonds... -.- get to the point of the video... im gone. bye
Whats the difference in Socialism-Communism etc if the outcome is always the same?   Narrator has a very boring voice btw.
Cuba democratic? LMAO!!!!
what is your political compass. I am just wondering; not to comment on it, just to know what view this video was made from. Personally I am a Conservative, almost a John Locke view on government.
I'm a social democrat \n\nI'm for a social democracy
No, Anarchists do not count as Socialists. Anarchism can stem from the desire for a stateless, classless & moneyless society but it can also stem from individualist thought in the Anarcho-capitalist/Anarcho-libertarian/Anarcho-individualist doctrine.
This video should have Incorporated Nazism and Fascism into the socialist side.
I've never understood why people get so polarized and ideological on this whole socialist-capitalist paradigmatic opposition. In case you haven't noticed, our current capitalist societies already allow you to live your socialist dream. Nobody is preventing you from getting together with your friends and funding a company run in a socialist fashion. In fact, this already exists, it's called coops. In coops people can lead the company democratically making decisions on their bosses and wages. In Europe there are a few very successful examples of coops. There is a huge one in Italy called SACMI. In America you have the Amish who live their own theocratic anachronistic socio-economic dream. So what are you doing!? What's stopping YOU? Instead of trying to force change onto society for everybody else, why don't YOU get off your lazy bum and lead by example and create companies and institutions that run on the principles you believe in??  Capitalist societies are the best because they are also the freest. It is so free that it even allows for communist-style companies alongside privately owned ones, something that would be impossible if not punished by death in communist and marxist economies. This is such a non-ideological issue that you can have purely capitalist/socialist systems running alongside hybrid systems as well, where for instance a company has a democratically-run core, but hires some external people and contractors for functions that are not an inherent part of the company like secretaries or cleaning staff. Rather than reducing the range of things people can do, why not expanding their range of choice? Why not making different systems compete against each other? Certain companies might run better when run in one mode or another, why not give PEOPLE more choice on how they want to live private and economic lives??
That's a lie.\n\nThe NAZI Party was very much a socialist nation.
The nazi's called themselves socialist because they believed in the STATE should serve its people and the PEOPLE serve the state. Not that the PEOPLE should live IN the state like socialists and other leftist groups do.
communism... how's that going for ya? lulz
what is the difference between Democratic Socialism and Social Democracy?
Great video!
Your graph is missing such marxist revisions as Fascism and Hitler's National Socialism. They should fit near Social Democracy, the bourgeois invention. I would argue that they were less capitalistic than socdem, because they maintained the ownership rights formally, but the enterprises were in fact managed by the state.
BUT WHAT ABOUT HUMAN NAUTRE???????
All right, let's go:\n1- If socialism preaches the smaller state, why today the left struggles for centralization of everything in the hands of the state, including subsistence in many cases.\n2 - Where will the money come from to keep the population if there is no exchange between them?\n3 - Barter? Who will determine the value of things? After all, each item changes in value depending on the region where it is produced or drawn.\n4 - I am lazy, I do not like to study and I do not want to try, I will work sweeping street for 6 hours and doing a bad job. Will I have the same right and earnings from a neurosurgeon who dedicated himself and studied 20 years of his life to perform the function?\n5. And this surgeon will give up his deserved gains, without complaining, to benefit me?\nSocialism does NOT work! Vide Venezuela.\nJust to check, I'm from Brazil, a veiled socialist country, still trying to prevent this absolute change.
One thing that is undisputedly historically accurate and true as well about socialism is that all of the great genocides of the 1900's were perpetrated by peoples who called themselves socialists. What an ironic high price exacted in failed attempts for equality and human welfare. What a first impression it has made.
Why then Marx himself called as fully socialist ( althought utopian) guys like Proudhon or Saint - Simon accepting private means of production property?\nOn socialism vs social democratism u are mixing Up the orders. Social Democracy was socialist mass political action movement vs socialist as a ideaology so.u can be both socialist and social democrat.
Where would Bakuninist collectivism fit in here?
I fail to see why Cuba is a state run by the people. It is not democratic and it has a \"more equal than thou\" upper class that live in luxury. Sounds more like fascist or state-capitalist to me.
2:42 to 2:46 will never work, it is ignorant to think anything like that would work.
No system will ever work because the dishonest and corrupt make up the majority of the population.  Perhaps we should focus on humanitarian and spiritual issues to move things along because it's not the system that's impossible, it's the lack of integrity at the top of the tree.
All these are old. \nHumanism is new.
STARTREK DEPICTS THE CONCEPTION OF A STATE OF THINGS AFTER CAPITALISM HAS ACHIEVED POST-SCARCITY.\n IT. IS. NOT. COMMUNISM.
I \"borrowed\" you nifty vin diagram to use in a Twitter argument and the #liberals aren't really liking it ??. They don't seem to like it being told they aren't leftists
>nazis\n>socialist\n\nfuck off.
Sorry, but for me, this \"field of study\" I liken to the memorization of a 1950's vacuum tube catalog.
Socialism is when everything is owned by the state, communism is when everything is owned by the people. This explains why the national socialists of Germany hunted down and imprisoned communists as much or more so than they did Jews. The reason communism fails is because not everyone can do any job. Some people are better at running things than others, while others don't want to work at all. Eventually, the people who want to run things take control, and seize control of everything in the name of the \"people\", and so communism devolves into socialism. And socialism fails because the people who run the government want to keep the best stuff for themselves, leading to food shortages, mass poverty, and violence like we see in Venezuela. The one thing that China, Cuba, USSR, Venezuela, and Hitler all have in common is a dictator (Mao, Castro, Stalin, Maduro, and Hitler himself). All of them started out relatively fine, but as the government became more and more corrupt, conditions for the people become worse and worse. Sweden has not yet reached the stage of dictatorship, but there is certain,y anarchy going on with all the Muslim migrants causing entire neighborhoods to be closed to police, gang rapes skyrocketing, and general anarchy. Someone will have to step in and take control at some point, and then Sweden will also have a dictator. You say that Sweden and China are relatively free market, but that statement is laughable. China has a famous \"fire\" wall that censors pornography, anything showing the government in a negative light, and anything that could remotely destabilize government control. Sweden has a 50% income tax to fund all of the state-run programs. As we know in America, state-run healthcare is disastrous, look at the VA. Sweden's education program already tries to brainwash citizens that socialism is okay, and that the Muslim migrants causing such chaos within miles of their homes are completely safe. Anyone in Sweden who dares to speak out against the Muslim migrants that the government says is peaceful, thereby saying the government is wrong, is imprisoned for hate speech. This is not to say that Capitalism does not have its flaws, however there are far fewer than in any of the Marxist ideas that socialism and communism both stem from. This video isn't an explanation of communism, socialism, and Marxism, but a feeble excuse for a system that does not, and will never, work.
:) I'm giving the best simple answer to that, I was born in what was named The Socialist Republic Of Romania, and we're saying that it's ruled by the Marxist Leninist ideology and only it's aspiring to Communism, cos in Communism people will evolve so much so that they will not be needing to live under a State rules, they will be living one for each other just like in a secularised form of Christianity. At course, the premise for this would be the disparition of all of the Imperialist Capitalist State, and therefore to any threat to the pure, true Communism.
Sorry, dont want to upset anyone, but, as long as it is not what the german call raubkapitalismus (dont know the english term), capitalism is the only thing, that works with humans. I would even go as far as to say, that democracy doesnt work the way it is performed in these days, nor would it work in the socialist way... \nsorry, if you think Im wrong, but I will not give you reasons on why I think so, they are too many and to long to formulate, so it would not be read by anyone anyways...
capitalism sure as heck seems a lot simpler, maybe that's why it works better...
Wow! What a complete load of utter Communist propaganda.\n\nYou argue that everyone will come together and build barns for each other. Will they all come together to build a space shuttle? What about a mega hospital, how about a nuclear reactor? Sure people will come together for minor projects, not so much major ones that will consume significant amounts of their time. You gloss over the idea of incentives and imagination.\n\nYou gloss over a lot of answers to  the common criticisms of communism and socialism in general. Like the question of Stalin and his murderous impulses. You just leave that for the possible indoctrinated fool reading your propaganda to answer for themselves, and upset no one in the process. The typical Communist response to someone who points out all the failures of Communism is to say that they don't exist, and never have.... \"real communism\" just hasn't emerged. Anyone who buys into that idea is a fool. \n\nCommunism drags people into poverty (equity of outcome) and offers no way out..... at all. Not even theoretically. Capitalism may not be ideal and may leave some in poverty, but the chance to escape poverty exists..... for everyone. Equality of opportunity. We all have different abilities, disabilities, and ambition, Communism is about leveling the field to the lowest common denominator and punishing the most innovative and ambitious through equality of outcome, not equality of opportunity.
still confused as to how the state controlling the means of production in \"anarchist\" or even \"classless\"
Governments don't pay for any of the benefits(give away programs) because government does nothing to produce cash flow like a private business does. Their entire income derives from taking money (taxes) from the people. You can word it any way you want but the bottom line is they all want to take from someone and give to someone else. You can also include progressive on that list.
Communist: We don't have money\nCapitalist: sO hOw Do YoU bUy StUfF?!\nCommunist: We don't, we obtain it based on need\nCapitalist: sO hOw DoEs ThE pErSoN yOu GeT fOoD fRoM gEt PaId?!!?1!\nCommunist: Again, they don't get paid.\nCapitalist: sO hOw Do FaRmS pAy ThEiR wOrKeRs AnD bUy ThEiR tOoLs?!!\nCommunist: They just get them if they need them\nCapitalist: sO hOw DoEs ThE pErSoN tHeY GeT tOoLs fRoM gEt PaId?!!?1!\n\n\nAd nauseum and ad nauseum
Some people also wish to distinguish \"market economy\" from \"capitalism\" (the latter characterized by a market where you buy and sell shares in companies)  and they do have a point.
Good content but the narrator's very nasal sound mixed with the pretentious British speech is preventing me to watch the rest of the vid. Why not just use your nice Swede accent, instead?
Castro runs Cuban government, not the 'people'
I really like the video and your website is truly a gift to the world. I'm not really sure if I'd agree that Cuba is a democracy (I also would consider western nations as corrupted democracies). With the single-party, its restrictions on other parties and dissidents, and generally just the way the political system is set up. Technically state socialists can be socialistic in my book, but only if they had a perfect representative democracy for the workers. Democracy is something easily corrupted though and either way I myself never trust the concentration of ownership by the state.
Just get to the fucking point
So capitalism is devided to social democracy and just-capitalism? Yeah let me give you a hint; if it's not called capitalism and just capitalism we call it socialism or communism.\n\nThat's why Bernie sanders and sweden are \"socialist\" from the point of view of a free market, small government guy.
both are based on material possessions and puts man at the centre of the universe ... check integral humanism.
The definitions he is using are not as clesr cut as he is claiming. You either predominately want the governemt to control your life or you desire the people to be in control.
fail. what a cuck
You make me feel smarter after watching your vids lol...
Holy shit. A video that actually accurately represents and differentiates these ideologies from one another.\nIt's so rare to see a person who is educated on these topics. Love you, keep up the good work and educate the masses, comrade!
whole lot of misinformation in this longer-than-it-needed-to-be video
If people could be trusted and don't act like spoiled greedy children communism would work out the best
Finally! I was waiting for someone to do this!
Not everyone wants to be \"parented\" by some suits at the top. The more you parent a society, the less they are able to develop themselves. Self-sufficiency comes from letting people learn how to survive for themselves. These polticians lack the intelligence and common sense most people have so I can't stand them telling me what I should and shouldn't with countless laws that aim to make a society idiot-proof.
You spelled nature as \"nautre\" in the end of the video
Decent video, and your presentation is really intuitively organized; so kudos on that. However, your definition of anarchism completely excludes anarchocapitalism, which makes up roughly half of anarchists and are nearly opposite to how you described anarchism as a whole.
Where the state exists = capitalism. Where government exists = capitalism. Where the wages system exists= capitalism.Where the buying and selling of labour power exists= Capitalism.
Socialism/Communism = a world of free access. Marx told you to abolish the slavery of the wages system. Do not confuse with the State run capitalism of the former Soviet bloc Cuba North Korea China etc bugger all to do with common ownership.
You are so wrong about \"anarchism.\" Let us examine the word using standard English construction rules.\n\nA) The root is \"archy\" from which we get monarchy, or governance by one person, or more precisely, one person and his or her descendants, maybe governance by one family. Anyway, \"archy\" means government or governance.\n\nB) The suffix \"ism\" means belief or ideology. Marxism, racism, Catholicism.\n\nC) The the prefix \"an\" means not or lacking. Anhydrous, ancephalic, etc.\n\nSo, put that all together and anarchism is an belief in a society which lacks a government but functions nonetheless.\n\nDon't forget, there are anarcho-capitalists.\n\nYou are actually subscribing to the standard false narrative the the political spectrum is one dimensional. You are leaving out the statism/libertarianism axis and everything you covered is crowded up at the statist end of that axis.\n\nThe ideal society is, in fact, an anarchy which runs on capitalist lines but has a means for enforcement of individual rights by any individual who is harmed by the actions of another. (While at the same time avoiding the excess lawyer and litigation trap)
Just read your website. You didn't answer your own questions? And can give a summary of what it said: blah blah blah I don't have any power, give me power!
Seize the means of production
I'm a capitalist, but this was very informative and explained things very well.
Your channel is for good for nothing communists
As best I understand it, none of the systems described here are stable in that any perturbation, when coupled with human nature, leads farther from what would be considered ideal. I do not have an answer for what could be considered stable, nor do I have an answer for what can be considered \"best\" by any nontrivial metric, but I hope that we can arrive at some answer before humanity destroys itself.
Correction. All paid for by the working class not the government. The governments sole job is to hold a gun to the working classes head to give their money to the poor.... Or lazy.
At points in my life I have been a self described Anarchist and I am intensely frustrated by this video's gross oversimplification and flat out incorrectness regarding Anarchism. I understand it's a complex and confusing ideology that would be difficult to explain without doubling the length of the video, but instead of addressing that like you did other ideologies, you just glossed over and gave a half baked explanation of Anarchism.\n\nThere are Anarchists who believe in a transition period, Anarchism comes from the same strain of Marxist ideology, but it is not necessarily under the Socialist umbrella. It's more of a Venn diagram where some Anarchists are Socialists and some socialists are anarchists, but not all Anarchists are socialists and vice versa. There are Anarcho-Capitalists, Democratic Anarchists, Social Anarchists.\n\nAnarchy suffers from a major PR problem because it's name has become associated with lawlessness, violence, and revolution. It doesn't help that the most famous proponents of the ideology are terrorists, rioters, and murderers of heads of state. However, I expect someone who describes themselves as a Marxist to help clarify and dispel the mislabeling of fellow Leftists, not contribute further to misinforming people.
And, yet, they all blow.
Excellent breakdown.\n\nI found it very interesting that you put anarchism squarely under socialism. I imagine there is historical reason to do so, but parsing the word directly, anarchism more or less simply means no state. The people I've met in the United States who call themselves anarchists are usually in favor of capitalism and the \"free market\", and staunchly opposed to socialism, which puts them at the opposite, far right edge of your diagram.
I don't know how you can still be a Marxist in 2017.
Please go to post-soviet countries like Belarus, Ukrain or Russia, and live there at least year. Then you can say how bad is capitalism (but you will not want to).
I haven't watched the video yet and I will edit things if I turn out to be wrong. It's just, ive got a feeling. I don't know what, like something is about happen. If that means what I think it means we're in trouble. Big trouble. And if he is as bananas as you say, we're not taking any chances...... Marxism is not socialism in anyway. The sad part is Carl Marx had to publicly state over and over again he himself was not a Marxist. Dumb people took what he said and made into their own thing. Something kind of same happen to Noam Chomsky. Ok I'll shut up and watch the video now.
I think the problem is that there isn't a hard line between socialism and capitalism. Regulations put in place by the public might force a private producer to hand over a small or large part of his profits, tell how and which products are allowed to be made and sometimes enforcing quotas, while still giving the opportunity to private producers to find their own market share within the regulations.\nIdeologies are hard to put in boxes because of how multifaceted they can be. And doing so would be unnecessary, discussing ideology is not about what to call them, it's about what they stand for.
Socialism always fails. Marx was a jew and in the letters to Engals admited that his system was bunk. it also was responsible for the bolshevik jew slaughter of 60 million Russians.  The only form of Socialism that has ever worked was National Socialism because the jew bankers and their fake money [that we still use] was eliminated and real money backed by the products of German labor replaced it. Usury and fake inflation deflation was eliminated.  The worker and  the Farmer was elevated in respect and the farmer owned the land outright and not taxed.  Could never be taken and only passed down to family.  \n\nThe major difference is that N.S. was based on a Strong Family is a Strong Nation. marxist socialism is pitting one group against the other so that all assets and authority can be seized  and held by a small group who also have a monopoly of violence since firearms are only with the state.  The common idea that the workers must rise up and destroy the middle class who are responsible for all the ills of society  is a telling example of the mentality and failure that results. \n\nProof of N.S. success can be seen in the incredible  economic recovery in less than five years and zero unemployment while building infrastructure such as the Autobahn and ports and railroads. This system worked so well that it was a threat to the international bankers and the system of debt based money and usury that we stupidly still use. \n\nSince everybody is equally impoverished with the marxist system and the state controls all aspects of manufacturing and production there is no incentive  or reward to improve the system thus the eventual degradation to collapse. This is well documented because of all the times it has failed and the examples are many. Socialists always claim its not true socialism as an excuse and Marxist socialists never seem to accept that it will never work.
In capitalism some people exploit other people. In socialism it is vice versa.
Anarchism isn't necessarily communist. Ancap and Ancom are both equally valid forms of anarchism.
Well anarchism isnt an economic system. There are many types of anarchy driven political systems though. Anarcheal (excuse spelling) comminism is a type of government which hasnt been seen since tribism was a major political system. The other part is anarchael capitalism, commonly known as ancap, which is the common human system which takes place after a revolution.
my brain hurts.
Wrong, Nazi Germany fits the defineition of Socialism, the government had control of the means of product, distribution and exchange of automobiles, firearms, and they had a Socialized Health care system.
So what do Sweden, Bernie Sanders, China, Cuba and the Nazis have in common? They all advocated/advocate that the means of production should be owned by the people (via the state). Or in other words, socialism.
since when is cuba democratic ? :D
The nazis originally were built on socialist foundations, hence why they called themselves socialist, but Hitler drove the party away from socialism and that wing of the party was annihilated in the Night of the Long Knives.
Fuck you marxist shit !!! Property right and freedom before all !!!! Bernie is a bitch
Wait ur saying Cuba is democratic?
Where would titioism fit in
lets face it, capitalism is not perfect and i wish people would stop pretending it is. We need something different, and we can learn from the failures of past regimes such as the USSR to create something better
The means of production will soon be electronic.   Domino's and Ford are working together to build self-driving pizza delivery cars.  What happens when that goes live?  Own the means of production, what happens when humans are NO LONGER INVOLVED in production?  What happens when it doesn't matter if you worked for it or not, food and clothing and medicine just happen because of machinery?  What's that going to look like?  Trillionaires hiring men with guns to shoot the poor people who just want to eat, or a garden paradise where there are no shortages, and everyone gets what they need because they need it?  What's it going to be, people?  It ain't going to be communism or capitalism, anyone reading this will survive to see those ideas become obsolete.
I like how you swiftly move from subject to subject.
u rarely hear the term mixed economy
Hey! I'm a fascist that was wondering about the difference between all these terms. Thank your for this explanation, though we may be on varying ends of the political spectrum, I still respect you for taking the time to do this.
The end sounds like propaganda
Now I can write my essay????
This video was cancer to even attempt to understand
socialism/communism/marxism/prog-ism/leftism/democrat-ism/google-ism  ==> collectivism\nCollectivism kills
Capitalist: testosterone.  Socialism: estrogen.
Thanks for the effort.
How can Anarchist be socialist? That makes no sense at all
i just checked this guy's website. made me puke. this guy is a full-time-typical-swedish-brainwashed-type of lunatic, talking about how socialism \"WORKED\" in the countries in which it was established. dude, you are talking just out of your own fantasy. i come from an ex-socialist state, and socialism DESTROYED our country. it brought with itself corruption, nepotism, horrific architecture, murdered intellectuals and political opponents, brought uneducated, uncivilised peasants to urban areas (by force), prohibited its citizens to leave the country or even to watch foreign films and listen to foreign music, propaganda was the only thing available on radio and TV, military service was mandatory, folks had to worship the leader etc. etc. how can this demented vegetable say socialism brought \"improvements\" to the countries in which it was established?! my country still pays the price for socialism today, as it couldn't cure itself completely of socialism yet. i suggest all socialists like him to maybe open some damn history books and go on a trip to Venezuela. they'll know, then.
how is Anarchism (you know the lack of a ruling class and each individual owns and rules themselves) a sub category of Communism (everything is owned by the state)? both Socialism and Communism a degree of services are owned and ran by the state, (from some to all) but in Anarchism there is no state!
Dong energy
How you tell if someone is a communist or a socialist: If you point to the failures of Communism, a socialist will say \"well I'm a socialist\" while a communist will say \"that's not really Communism\" (and vice versa).
Where is socialist republic in the infographic?
4:05\nThen, how do you explain that a total of two guys have had control of Cuba since 1959? And the fact that those two guys were brothers?
Socialism and like ideology are too evolved for people of today. If there is greed, socialism will fail. If there is pride in one self to be better than another, socialism will fail. Capitalism promotes human nature. It allows you to feed your greed, feed your pride. That's why it will never go away until you, as an individual, can be selfless.
I'm curious as to where libertarianism falls on your Venn diagram
am I the only one NOT political here?
Retard Logic:\n\nSocialist = Communist\nSo..\nDemocrat = Communist\n\nSame logic applied to Conservatives\n\nFascist = Communist\nSo..\nRepublican = Communist\n\nTerrible logic
communism would be great, but not in this reality
Social democracy is likely the best solution.
I'm going to say you don't know shit about shit because you just automatically threw Anarchy under Communism and Socialism. However Anarcho-Capitalists aren't Socialists or Communists in the slightest bit. You can't explain all these different economic structures in ten minutes. You need an hour at least.
Not sure I agree with the assertion that all anarchists are communist. Schools of thought like Mutualism don't advocate the abolition of money for example, whilst they do advocate for the abolition of the state.
Quiff: grumbles, with no enthusiasm sex-lexia.
Could you imagine the cognitive dissonance a typical Fox News viewer would have after watching this video? ??????
I'm somewhere between Social Liberalism and Classical Liberalism, and I quite like this video. I think it does a great job explaining the ideologies to my left and far left.\nI quite like Libertarianism, but think it's unsustainable.
when you say \"the state\" controls distribution, production, etc of factories, are you talking about the people (citizens) controlling the economy? or the state as in (the government & companies) controlling the economy for the people (citizens) or are your referring to both of them collectively as a whole as \"the state\" controlling the economy?
You're wrong, Anarchism is on the opposite end of the spectrum. Not on the left as you portray it
Bs
Where should we put the anarcho-libertarian? \nThey are heavily capitalistic, but also anarchist.
CGPGrey called, wants his videos back
It's kinda strange to put social democracy into the Revisionist Marxist box. It suggests that some Marxists worked the theories so long that they became capitalist again. The actual development was more that capitalists acknowledged that socialists hat identified some legitimate problems but disagreed with the proposed solutions. So they modified unbridled capitalism to fix those problems in their own way.
Think google was listening in on me again then recommended this video. \nCuba a democracy ??
At 4:08 you state that Cuba is Democratic and has elections, you further go on to call it Socialist rather than Communist. Total Shit!! Another Euro Centric moron splitting hairs between two evil systems and one evil troll.....Marx. Address your stupid videos to other Euro trash and not freedom loving Capitalists. Your divisions are meaningless to those who know and love freedom.
where does Juche fit in?
As a swede i know so many people who think sweden's not only socialist but even (and i'm not joking) a communist utopia.
Cuban reprisentative are not elected I lived in cuba.
CGP Grey is that you?
Where would Fascism fall?
Where does China fall into the infographic chart?
great video. However, isn't luxemburgism the revolutionary side of democratic socialism?
Hey Hello, I dont know a lot of the subdivision of this ideologies and after watching your careful explanation, I wanted to ask you if you could help me understand in what believed Josip Broz Tito, as I have began to have an interest on knowing how he kept yugoslavia together all those years, in advance thanks
Ive always felt like americas idea of socialism is often confused with Stalinism.. personally id probably be a social democrat.
\"No you cant sell your grandmother for profit\"
I got an anti-socislism ad before watching this.
Resource-based economies you monkeys. Socialism, communism, capitalism and almost all their variants are still monetaryism
All of these words could be replaced with degenerate
A true sosialist democracy would have everyone who want's to vote on some thing vote for it directly so there wont be any president's.
China is not capitalist, it's entire economy is controlled by corporations directly from members of the communist party, making its economy cronyism, but this is the natural state of communist or socialist states because members of the Communist party are in the position to benefit from controlling this state owned wealth. Despite the supposed difference between Soviet and Chinese communism they both share the same governing characteristics and only really differ on the issue of foreign investment and a liberal policy for citizens to form new business and the control in running them, compared to the tight control of the Russian economy the Soviets employed to meet their Five-Year plans, in China total economic Five-Year plans were the abandoned by the 1980s and now only target specific focus issues like development in speeding like specific regions. The Chinese give the pretense of allowing capitalism but it's a farce intended to dupe foreign investment which is by party policy either prevented from gaining a sizable market share or forced to partner with a local Chinese corporation that benefits the communist party over the foreign investment.  Current Chinese policy includes the widespread use of industrial espionage and mandated technology transfers in order to do business in China which steals billions of dollars from the world economy every year.
Its also a common thing for people to have no clue what anarchism is... QED... Regurgitating points other people make without understanding them does not make you correct. Stop playing identity politics, or the \"what people call themselves\" game, look at what the people want, what they do, their methods, and what their policies result in, and of course whether their principles stay true throughout this process. Now git to it... I recommend reading? shitloads of economics and philosophy.
Social Democracy??
Socialism means government control.  Get an old dictionary.... There is social communism, social Darwinism, social corporatism.  All of these governments evolve into totalitarianism.  The other side of totalitarianism is anarchy.  Constitutional republics are in the middle....  Rome and the USA are the longest lived governments.  (fighting to stay in the middle)....  Siding to the right or left....  Well, all things end....  The USA spilled a lot of blood in 1861.  Russia in 1920.  China in 1949.   The USA is split again...
I want to make sure I'm understanding your premise correctly. All Communists are socialists, but not all socialists are communists. Correct? Is that like saying all Ford cars are automobiles, but not all automobiles are Ford cars?\nI also noticed you didn't spend any time on differing ideologies contained under the banner of capitalism. Why is that? Or do you have another video covering the sub classifications of capitalism?
Anarchists are used to dismantle the ruling state in Communist revolutions. Once their usefulness is achieved they're either purged(Nazis killing their SA militants) or take over(Stalin being the poster-child of socialist anarchy). Communism is more often a cloak for undeserving and spiteful upperclassmen than it is an honest attempt at a class-less or state-less society.\n\nGranted, my assessment doesn't fit the theory behind socialism. But it is what has happened in reality to date nonetheless. Well, that and mass starvation. \n\nMy point being that I wouldn't classify anarchy under socialism without some descriptive term like \"cat's paws\" or \"useful idiot\".
Thanks now I understand what people are talking about on the news
What you are missing is that socialism, regardless of its degree of socialism is spreading throughout the world and the UN, and EU's plan is to push for a global socialism with socialist ideals for all. In the US Obama pushed hard for socialist ideals and many cities and states are being run by socialists, and the schools teach socialist ideals as the schools system is heavy socialist as in run by the state. Many Americans do not want to turn the US into a socialist country while all those Obama followers are eager to put in to practice his message of hope and change and equality for all which are all socialist catch phrases. Here they call themselves PROGRESSIVES, and LIBERALS, and they all sit on the left.
what about anarcho capitalists?
\"Donald Trump talks about China, particularly the People's Republic Of China\"\n\nAre there other China's I don't know about?
Capitalism isn't a system or an ideology, it's a product of human nature. The want to trade goods and services on mutually agreeable terms that benefit both consenting parties
Capitalism will be what brings us to an end. Never have been so much idiotic people that follow blindly such an idiotic doctrine. \n\n\n\nIf you ever wonder how many dumb people there are and why there isn't real progress with humanity (only materialistic which makes is greedy) then look how many capitalistic countries are in the world.
They're all a bunch of lazy minority hating bastards if you ask me
I feel you did a good job explaining the socialism side but not the capitalism side, for example libertarian views versus democratic views on economics. Which can be a pretty big deal
all the shit on the left doesn't work... trust me I'm from Venezuela. Capitalism and Social Democracy are the way to go
I like my socialist Canada!
Bernine Sanders was Demcratic Socalist
So... I can say that all Marxists are Communists?
I think you should be more careful with anarchism because they land in the communist aura (Bakunin's relationship and exchange of ideas with Marx for example), in the capitalist aura (the Austrian school), and outside of both auras.
Communists call themselves socislists because communism is a form of socialism, Hitler called his party socialist because that was what was popular at the time.
I wish everyone in America sees this video. If everyone watched this, right wingers would stop calling Bernie Sanders a communist, and if they still do, then they are just have a cinder block for a brain.
After watching this video and reading tge website I feel like I know where I stand politically
0:40 lol. can of pesto.
Scandinavia is like right between the 2 parties.
\"Cuban citizens >control> cuban state\"\nayy yo hol' up
Anyone who thinks Nazi Germany had a free market is so sorely mistaken.
anarchist believe they can govern themselves. they are right wing no government control. you fucking said the anarchist want communism.... no they are communist lmao
One thing they have in common: they all fail.
Cuba is a smokescreen. It would have worked better if USA wouldn't have had an embargo operating on it.
Quick thing about Norway, Statoil, the giant that brought Norway to the  1. economy from the war torn state we where in are 70% state owned. Before that it was 100% state owned. It litterally means state-oil.
Why shit where people eat. What's with the fucking foul language? There's a little but it's quite stupid and a real waste of intellect.
Pick your poison , any type of left wing ideology is based on stealing where the state puts a gun up to your head and takes your money to give to people who didn't earn it. It''s not just wrong in practice it's wrong in theory.
Just to let you know, though the German during WW2 called themselves the National \"Socialists\", they actually very little Socialistics elements in society.
Okay, so, I enjoy the idea of being a millionaire one day.. which by definition you could not be in a socialist society, because everyone would be getting paid the same average, no matter their title or maximum hours worked or business acumen. However, I strongly believe education, medical services, AND medication should be covered in our taxes via socialism. Does that make me a Socialistic Democrat?
If Marx left a lot of his work unfinished how come his last words were \"GET OUT! Last words are for fools who haven't said enough\"
Triggered you did not mention Finland :D
All the same they all wanted that coughing fool to win.
Hey man, would you mind activating translation for this video? I get loads of questions regarding the difference between social democracy and socialism and this video captures the answer quite perfectly. I would like to translate it into Arabic, but don't have the translation/subtitles active.
Ancient China had state owned monopolies on key industries such as iron, iron tools, iron pots, salt, and a few others.  The objective was to eliminate profits for the social good.  Unfortunately with no competition there was no innovation, so there was almost no technological progress in these industries for over 1000 years.
Great video, perfect explenation
IT'S NOT GONNA WORK YOU FUCKING FOOLS.
So there's no such thing as pure socialism? Socialism is just any form of government that fits under it? (Communism. Anarchism. Marxism, etc.)\n\n\nI've always been confused on that. So what exactly is a pure socialist? Is there a pure socialist, or is socialism just a base for a REAL form of government?
My favourite way of understanding the differences between political ideologies is placing them on a grid akin to what Political Compass uses. The y-axis, from positive value to negative value (as in, +8 to -8), represents the degree of control the state has over social and cultural matters, and the x-axis, from positive value to negative value, represents the degree of control the state has over economic matters.
this is WAY too much nuance for the American voter.
Cuba is Democratic? This video loses credibility for me.
\"How socialism could work\"\nHa, good one.
Actually SJ and Systembolaget is NOT owned by the state. They were, like so many other companies, sold of when the right wing was in power.
Star Trek is actually a post-scarcity society
Quick summary, \nCapitalism - anyone can make money if they have have the skills and ambition.\n\nSocialism - you are forced to pay to pay for whatever the government does and you don't have a choice.\n\nCommunism - the government takes your shit and say's you should be happy about it while keeping the money for themselves.
COMMUNISM.  Marxist communism was not actually anti capitalistic. He actually supported free trade and wrote about how capitalist society continuously  improved the lives of the poor. What he meant by 'Capitalism' was the end result would be the means of production would end up in the hands of the few and they would then own every thing and no one else would have a chance. \n\nThe revolution Marx spoke of would be were the down trodden masses would rise up and seize the means of production and over throw the existing order.  After the revolution it would require a dictatorship Marx called \"the dictatorship of the proletariat\" which would divide land and industry fairly between the people, this is where thing start to go wrong. \n\nThe dictatorship of the proletariat requires a small group to be established and with no law and order that group will be the most back stabing, double crossing, vicious, violent, psychotic, manipulative, self serving, narcissistic   of the revolutionaries because they are the ones that always get to the top [please see world history for detail]. Can any one be surprised they have just been going around murdering whole families and any one who get's in their way? \n\nOnce they have established their \"temporary\" dictatorship and have seized control of literally every thing and moved into the palaces, who's previous owners they have taken out side and shot, they then have control of every thing and once they have that they will not let it go. Because they are the worst of all people they all know each other are the worst of all people and the very worst of all those people will rise to the top. Once there he will realize that the people who surround him will all double cross him and set up a system  where he will control  those people through pure fear and that system will expand out into the  whole nation creating a system of total terror. And that is why for all it's great sounding intentions communist revolutions always descend into total oppression, tyranny, slavery and misery.
NAZI GERMANY WAS REVISIONIST MARXISM. Nazi Germany was not capitalistic and certainly did not have a free market it was a revisionist Marxist movement that saw the failures of Soviet communism and diagnosed that for a socialist state to work would require at least some private ownership and economic enterprise. The economy was controlled by the state, the banks were nationalized, and corporations were run by state appointees and were run for the benefit of the nation or \"the greater good\" and no depressions were enacted with out approval of the state.  Nazi Germany was a out and out socialist state and went wrong for the same reasons every other attempt at socialism went wrong.
oh look! another...  ''They weren't REAL communism''  ....naive delusional utopia leftist douchebag!!
Very interesting, thank you for this video, I was always confused about what socialism actually was
Nice Vid.\nDig the multi colored bar graph. Great explanation of general terminology.\nTZM
Excellent video and basically as Marxism dead before this work was finished other people have come along and turned it in to what ever best fitted there personal agendas.
Palme kallade ju sig Demokratisk socialist. Tycker du att han faktiskt var demokratisk socialist om du räknar in att Kjell-olof Feldt var liberal och att han styrde det tyngsta och viktigaste departementet.
Is there a video why communism didnt work?
OMG could it be... a Liberal who uses actual facts... and talks in a calm intelligent manner wow I did not know they existed
Obamaism is a form of Marxism
Thank you for clearing up what socialism is. I will no longer call myself a socialist because I do not subscribe to tyranny. Cya!
The genesis of the concept of ‘Equitism’ as successor system to the present, capitalist system of political economy was linked to several connotations of this term.\n\nThe term ‘Equitism’ has name-resonance with that of the tradition of “Equitable Jurisprudence” in Anglo-American law.\n\nGrowing out of the “Crown Chancery” in England [the Office of the Crown “Chancellor”], there emerged separate courts of equity, or “courts of conscience”, to which appeal could be made from judgments by the courts enforcing common law and statute law when a defendant held that a judgment rendered by a common law/statute law court, while in accord with “the letter of that law”, represented a morally inadequate remedy, and thus violated “the spirit of the laws”, therefore, per that defendant, failing to deliver “true justice”.  \n\nIn the U.S., the two, separate kinds of courts where merged into one, and the convergence of their principles begun, with U.S. courts “presiding in [both] law and equity”, and allowing “equitable” arguments and remedies, as well as “technical” arguments and [strictly monetary] remedies.\n\nThere have also been homologous developments in the traditions of Napoleonic/Roman law.\n\nIn recent parlance, the term “equitism” is often used to refer to “gender equity”, as a “synthesis”, or “mean”, of feminism and ‘masculinism’.  There was, earlier in American history, an individualist “equitist” movement for the amelioration of property rights injustices.\n\nBut most importantly, the term “Equitism” is meant to invoke the concept of “Capital Equity”, and the tradition of “Stockholder Democracy” [“one-share-one-vote”] that follows from it.  \n\n“Capital Equity” rights -- rights exclusively reserved to owners of capital [of “capital equity stock”] -- are seen as a “first [and inadequate] species”, and a first modern seed, of “Economic Democracy”, as distinct from “Political-only Democracy”; as the embryo of a more extensive and all-citizens-inclusive form of “Stakeholder Democracy”, and of ‘Political-ECONOMIC DEMOCRACY’ as a whole.\n\n‘Equitism’ is seen as “generalized social equity”; as “generalizing” social equity, to beyond the small class of the owners of capital equity, to encompass the whole society, including every citizen, by constitutionally endowing each citizen, by right, with the ownership of several new kinds of equitable “property”.\n\nThis “generalization” of equity is seen as a remedy for the catastrophic but predictable, “lawful” tendency of capitalist “political-only” representative democracy, to degenerate into totalitarian, state-capitalist, police-state dictatorship, as capital, hence political-economic power, continually concentrates into ever fewer hands, as we are now seeing so egregiously today. \n\nThat concentration of capital-equity ownership eventually enables those “few hands” to prostitute -- to ‘“buy-out”’, in a ‘“hostile takeover”’, via an all-pervasive system of bribery -- the executive, legislative, and judicial branches of political government. \n\nThis ultimate “M&A” will thus totally defeat the constitutional “checks-and-balances” designed to prevent this degeneration, and that were at least somewhat effective in doing so during the earlier phases of capital accumulation and concentration.  \n\nThe ‘Equitist’ reform/revolution is a ‘generalization’ of “Capital Equity”, forming a social ‘genus’ of Equity, by adding several new, inclusive ‘species’ of equity -- e.g., the [collective property] right of Citizens’ Externality Equity [implementing the so-called “Coase Theorem”], the [personal property] right of Citizens’ Birthright Equity, a totally portable, unified social safety net for each citizen born, and the [“individual property”] right of Citizens’ Stewardship Equity, granting access to means of production for, potentially, every citizen -- granting such access to citizens’ self-organized producers’ cooperatives that promulgate qualifying business plans, and that successfully enlist a Social Bank, also a Citizens’ Stewardship Equity cooperative, to back/fund that plan.\n\nFor more about these ideas, see --\n\nwww.dialectics.org\n\nhttp://www.dialectics.org/dialectics/Applications.html\n\n\nMy blog on this subject can be visited via the following link --\n\nhttps://capitalismsfundamentalflaw-wayforward.blogspot.com/2017/08/genesis-of-concept-of-equitism-as.html
\"Cuba is democraticly run by elections\" HAHAHAHHAHA
Very simple, very basic, does not iclude all varietis of Socialism, but a very good explanation of terms that unfortunately most people still don't understand. Thank you and fuck the capitalism. Power to the people.
You forgot to mention Titoism, that is self-managing Socialism. A very good video, by the way.
Commies are coming to YouTube? Those that try to sell Marxism should go live in Cuba for few years.
So was the free territory communist?
Great Video!!
Interesting explanation
Acquire a pop filter please
WERY GOOD explanation :D\ncan u explain resource based economy next ?
???????
Butt-hurt Right Wingers finally realise the truth and utter bullshit behind their preaching i.e. calling anyone even slightly left wing a commie
There are three kind of communists:  brainwashed, brain-dead, Jews.
I like communism in my bread
I still do not get it.I searched Google for everything, even looking for cows as examples, and still have no clue what Socialism, Communism and Capitalism mean. Can someone please explain as easy as possible as if Im 3 years old.
Do this for the Syria conflict
Normal political conversation... \n\n\"Can;t we use socialist practices while maintaining democratic practises?\"\n\"THATS NOT WHAT HITLER STOOD FOR!\"
Good but you got Anarchism on the wrong side. It just means no government or politicians. If anything, it is form of Capitalism.
There is no democracy in Cuba! They have one party and in casa there is an alternative it is the regime that chooses and approves of the contendant
Donald Trump's Speech, Heard to People\n\n\" We need to build a Wall, And It has to be finished when We're going to do it.... Bla bla bla.... \"\n\nWhat I heard\n\n\nChina, China, China! China, China, China, China, China, China!
I believe you've made a mistake in placing all forms of anarchism under communism. All forms os anarchism are, yes, socialist (except anarchocapitalism but thats an oxymoron), BUT not all are communists. Take the mutualists for example, they are anarchists who believe in a socialist market economy, and do not strive towards communism. Or take the collectivist anarchists, who believe in the existance of money in their society, and also do not advocate directly for communism..\n\nOther than that, great video. I lovd it!
This is the video that radicalized me. Thanks, comrade.
4:20 Heh, dong energy.
I have to say I don't agree with your views but it was nice to know the differences between socialism and all the other things so I do thank you for this video
socialism vs nationalism next
You are a gift to the world.
\"Cuba is Democratic.\"\n\nMe: \"PSSSSH! HA HA HEH HA!\"
new screen 3/4 it is not comfortable
That provided link in the end, can work only on retards who don't understand basics of human interactions and economics, and cowards not having courage to deal with reality of their incompetence, while desiring a seemingly free meal at the expense of somebody else. Disgusting.
Are you a Jew?
Please tell me how Venezuela wasn't real socialism and how your system isn't fucking retarded.\nAnd don't ignore the fact that empirical data shows that it fails 100% of the time.
Thanks for the video comrade.  It's difficult sometimes getting bogged down in political theory.  Spend too much time reading and you get accused of being a soft bourgeois academic.  You begin to wonder if you should bother spending your time educating the Lumpen, or if you should take a seat among the Vanguard and accept that the most you will get out of your revolution is silent acceptance of the masses.  I still however have a lot of hard feelings surrounding the actions of the 3rd International, especially in regards to the sabotage of the class war in Spain, and the betrayal of the Partisans during the \"liberation\" of Poland.  We must be careful not to use people simply as a means to an end or else the construction of socialism will be without humanity, and ultimately meaningless.  Any other videos or suggested reading?
This video is so logically inconsistent. Socialism is a system of economics in which the government extends the purview of taxation to include that beyond services such as military, police, and the judicial system. That's it. You got healthcare paid for by the government? Socialist policy. Education paid for by the government? Socialist policy. If an institution is claimed by or has wealth redistributed from or to by the government, the policy is social, and if all possible policies follow this exact same principle it is considered a socialist state. Furthermore, it always fails to be as effective as a truly capitalistic society. Communism is simply where private property is disallowed entirely. So in left-right economics you have \nCommunism->Socialism || Centrism || <-Capitalism.
Sorry you lost me at 'and the state is democratic' referring to Cuba.
Shit vid.
They all exist under the idea: \"I know how you should live your life and how much you deserve to have, so I'm going to force you to do as I say, or else\". They're just different shades of evil.
This is all bullshit. Places like Scandinavia may claim they are capitalists and pvt owned, but that is complete BS. EVERYTHING there is controlled by the govt, and foes far, far beyond laws and regulations we have here in the US. Please people....
Finally! Someone who explains this perfectly! It took me ages to find this video, but I am glad I did.
Problem is not politics, it is people who run said politic, they get greedy for power and riches, and they become corrupted.
Lol at the Cuba being democratic.
Its moronic to think that Nazi Germany was capitalist cmon
I know so many people who need to see this video
I do think human nature fights communism, we are not bugs, we want land, mates and resources. In that why if their a disaster in an anarchy then the hording shit head will suddenly have power over a now devastated population, and he would take power because humans are naturally a greedy and power hungry, it human nature to seek wealth and power. In that way a Communist society could work under an oppressive and cruel dictatorship, and It would work. We are Humans not Ants so communism will likely never work for us. Capitalism to me seems fairer, though corporatism is a joke, and their is a difference like Socialism to Communism and Marxism to Anarchism
Every society has and needs some form of socialism.  That being said; The less socialism the better.
content is good but i don't know how derivatives can be expressed as a contained individual units. While communism derives some of it's property from socialism, i just leave it as branch or a sub-tree rather a contained unit. Because when you read the chart, it look like  socialism contains all the property of communism which is false.\n\nP.S: this is my opinion, as i have no way of proving it. \"Social democrat\" is what Bernie used to refer his ideology has or to be more specific his policy like single payer healthcare and tuition free college. If you stop and think about it and apply the definition of socialism into this policy, where policy = system, which is in-turn funded by public money but at the same time it does not impose anything on corporate body who invest in this business. Hence his identity.
This dumb video is a socialist propaganda. Do not believe on it. Nazi, Bernie Sanders, China and URSS had a LOT in common. Nazi germany was NOT free market.
Ew commies
Stopped watching after you split Marxism in your own way. Marxism is science and it is split inside academic discourse, not political one. Orthodox Marxism is not a political course. Revisionist Marxism according to you is umbrella term so vague that it connects soc-dems (traitors of the 2nd international) and anyone who added something to Marx. I'm surprised you didn't include an-caps who attribute absolute nonsense to Marx, because by reasoning it would be valid as well...\n\nSoviets were democratic, and nothing but democratic (I would add until Stalin came, then it all turned into a bureaucratic monster). The word soviet itself means council ffs
Better dead than red
The speaker broke it down more where I could understand it but I do know that Capitalism is a selfish system
Well what do you call a Government like the U.S that provide housing and Section A for its people what is that under
Yes, having lived for the first 10 years of my life in Communist Poland, I am certain we were heading towards Star Trek. Not.
Great video indeed. If you monitize this channel (ignore if you don't), I urge you to share, since you are a socialist, all the money you get from this channel to your viewers or at least the subscribers. After all, you can't generate income without the views. We are putting our time, effort and resources to watch this. So in a way, we are part of it. Give everyone their fair share.
Most western European countries have states that sontrol 40%-50% of the economy, and regualte much more, so I'd say that they are about half Socialist, and a great deal in social policy - mass immigration, multiculturalism, political correctness, same-sex 'marriage', legalised abortion - all much too Commie as far as I am concerned.  One day the Right or Muslims wil tke care of them!
so what is Kalimist or Ochlofist
The comunist revolution is never going to happen, it failed, capitalism forever
The one thing they all have in common is that they're all retarded
Except as my dad told me. They use words that has absolutely nothing to do with their true intentions, it's just a lie to get voters misguided. The Nazis didn't call them selves nazis and instead what you said here. But they had nothing to do with workers or socialism at all
I believe you got the chart totally wrong, but still a good video.
Thank you very much, very illustrative. Sharing... now
you love the state and the state can't be corrupt like the fat man that you pose as a capitalist. Why can't some people understand that a capitalist can be corrupt and the state can be corrupt? If you have a corrupt capitalist then you get shafted for some money in a narrow part of your life. IF the government is corrupt you go to the gulag. Which is worse?
This was interesting, even though I don't believe in it.
Cuba is a dictatorship, I don't think the people run it... it's just the dictatorship
I need to clarify something. The cuban people don't own smithing. Not even theit homes and they dont get to deside anything. The people vote in elections but just to shoose the leader of their town. And thats it. Thats why castro always gets reelected. First fidel. Then raul and next it may be his son alejandro castro. Its a dinasty. Cuba is a comunist dictatorship no doubts about that..... Im cuban by the way??
Wow a person with a brain.
[4:00]  Cuba is not democratic.  It is Autocratic. Geeze what planet do you live on?
Let's get 2 things in order. 1) Cuba is not democratic there is only 1 person to vote for on the ballot. 2) Democratic socialism doesn't have a definition as social democracy has fully replaced the word according to Merriam-Webster
Cuba com eleiçoes, hahahaha. Venezuela é uma democracia! Hahahahah video is shit
Bottom line:\nSocialism= Collective\nCapitalism= Individual
Rlly? Cuba?\n\nSo how would you explain the extensive period of time wich put Castro on top?\nWow, wtf people reads nowadays...
Who cares what Cuba or any country calls themselves. Look at their policies to determine what they are.
2020 Revisionists, Fascists, Nazis, Trotskyites, Social-Democrats, Anti-communist, Neo-liberal, Anarchist-capitalist gave I don't like video.
Social-democracy is socialism for the rich.
Anarchy or anarchism is not only communist but also capitalist, where people rule them selves and take rather than produce. When a communist version is a dystopia the capitalist version is like the purge. The diagram used in the end of the video fails to show that anarchy can spill over to capitalism, a circle backs chart would do much better
You so efficiently slid past the main problem with marxism. The required transition. Dictatorship by prolitariat means a removal of those currently in power, but also there has to be a leader of the people, and this leader of the people will often  use the same means on the people that he had to use on the leadership classes during \"transition\".  We see this time and time again.   If America wanted to transition away from oil, the transition in a marxist society would be forced on the people by military and secret police, and because those ruling do not necessarily have the education or skill to procure such a transition, society would suffer.  Even if stalin didn't kill people on purpose he still would have lead to a ton of suffering because of how his government blundered industrialization and agrarian realignment.   People are stupid but they want choices, and if you take away choices they will rebel, and if they rebel you better have means to give them choice or squash them.  And the default mod for most pluralist socialist societies is to squash.  You cannot count northern europe because they are homogeneous, isolated countries with little to no diversity, and little to no popuation.  If everybody looks the same, thinks the same, worships the same then marxism makes sense.
Hilarious.  I love our youth.  It gives me hope.
You spelled community wrong :P I like this. I think I'll join. Very much how I try to explain things myself but this video does it better than me.
This is such a skewed perspective on something that should be educational, but I guess it's impossible to get a completely unbiased lecture.
\"Hey guys, Nation Socialism was actually Hitlerism. That's why it failed. Let's try it one more time, I think it will succeed.\"
These people on the right keep using \"cultural Marxism\" but they don't know what it means.
Socialism fails and will always fail because it has a fundamental flaw in it's core. It always strives  to achieve  equality of outcome rather then to provide  equality of opportunity.  No amount of tinkering with it  can fix this.
In Cuba there's a dictatorship. People count nothing!
Every \"Communism/Socialism/Capitalism\" video is cluttered college students that think they know better because they sat through an economics 101 class without falling asleep.
This is a bunch of bullshit semantics Thomas Sowell came up with the best definition: \"Capitalism is about having a free market for what you buy and sell, Socialism is about having a free market for what you buy and a monopoly for sell, Communism you can't buy or sell anything\" ... the reason why this video and definitions are bullshit, you can derived all you need to know from that statement, the question is who or what determines prices. The people or a person can own the means of production, but if the state imposes price controls what does it matter?
and let me tell you this  the Frankfurt school of thoughts or post-leftists like Foucault where kind of communist anarchists \nso ... yeah
youre not right about social democracy as revisionism \nbecause at the time that Marx lived there were already social democracy and was theorized  by Ferdinand Lassalle and at the moment it had alot of fans .
why not just get rid of the taxation system...
Selling my grandmother at a loss is really dystopian, I must say.
star trek is not class-less... are you stupid? STOP SPREADING LIES ABOUT STAR TREK\nyou have the 3 branches of starfleet... science, engineering and command.\n\nStarfleet IS A CLASS BASED CAPITALISTIC SYSTEM THAT REWARDS THOSE WHO PERFORM BEST. IF IT WERE SOCIALIST Or COMMUNIST, starfleet would have an idiot commanding a starship just for \"multiculturalism\" or to give everyone a \"fair shot\"....
this is globalist bullshit spin doctor bullshit. Most of what he says is propaganda in an attempt to bring a greater olygarchy
this video is full of lies and spin
in socialism the factory doesn't need till be owned by the state just that it should be owned by the People who works ther
cool, i think you pretty much convered everything.\nBut what is the meaning of the goat and and upside down star, and what is it doing there.... pretty obvious for a secret message
yea...that star trek clip hit hard. makes our life today seem primitive
The Chinese government are oppressive dicks
Anarchism and capitalism aren't mutually exclusive. As a Libertarian I have to listen to the Ancaps yammer on about who is best libertine society.
Socialism and/or communism will ALWAYS fail. Either the leaders will kill hundreds of millions of people or the country will starve the citizens and go completely broke. It is a complete FAILED ideology.
I found a typo on your website, a misspelling of decide. I am also wanting clarification as to whether other forms of socialism are really rule by the people if they are not 'democratic' socialism. How can something not be a democracy, but still not an oligarchy.
Star Trek is my political ideology
You forgot Ireland. Its political system is socialist democracy.
China is a communist country, not a socialist country, as it lacks provide welfare system.
Yay Socialism!
You know nothing john snow
wut?
shut the Fuck up nobody cares about your communist fanfiction
lol cuba isnt democratic. you dont know what you are talking about
Poor people in rich countries are poor for a reason. Communism is unfair, not capitalism.
no cuz RELL anarchiszm is abot fredom an dont u dar brek teh nap stinki sosialict
The communist can of pesto wasent even a can
When the USSR was socialist and socialism and communism are heavy on goverment and you compare it to anarchy...
an caps are the only real caps get those Bernie fucks out of our realm
You missed one major thing about Cuba. That is they are the only people that think their elections are free and democratic. In the 50's, I grew up near the canadian border. I had a wealthy aunt and uncle who went to Cuba for years. They decided it wise to go in partners and buy vacation property with another wealthy couple that lived in Havana. Well, the land was taken over by the government. They, along with every other land owner lost their land to the government.  fast forward approximately 60 years. We are now allowed to go to Cuba and visit. The general public thiinks this is great. Unfortunately, when you go to Cuba, you are required to convert your money to special moneythat is not the national currency. This  pays the shop keeper a small amount and gives the largest portion to the Cuban government which in turn keeps the cuban people basically as slave labor. No country that practices this deserves to be called socialistic.  I was in Florida last fall and thought about going to Cuba but I decided I wouldn't support any government that kept their own citizens shackled.
great video. thanks for clearing up some of the politically driven confusion.
He forgot to mention the part where all the money goes to the Jews while the native population starves to death
Socialism is a broad term. Social democrats are also socialist and therefore the Nordic countries are socialist like France and Canada and almost all the developped countries.
I care so little omg
Marxism , communism and socialism rob  the human being of their individuality, privacy, incentive and your very soul. It requires a deadly totalitarian state to implement this absurd idea of equity and creates automatically a thought police among the population. Anyone who advocates any of these doctrines  needs to be shouted down and seen as a traitor and cast out of the U.S, and West in general. You have a long history of mass murder, torture, starvation and incarceration on your hands.
i always think of anarcism as \"no rules\" but actually, it's kinda what we have, if you really find the truth. so i wouldn't call myself an anarchist anymore.
All of them are State Capitalism, the government gets all the money to do what the government wants.\nThe Free territory and Catalonia are true communist societies.
am I the only capitalist here?
Marx would be rolling in his grave if he found out how the people are so quick to divide themselves based off of labels and how many different \"isms\" are controlling the people. \n\nNO LABELS NO DIVISIONS NO CLASSES
Of course Star Trek is communist, Because It leads to a bunch of reds dying horribly.
The difference is like shorting shit for different smells... -.-
Good, but one hair to pick with your definition of 'classical marxism'. Marx defines communism as the movement to bring about a socialist system, however you define 'classical marxism' as believing in socialism as a transitional period to a communist system, and this is false. It was Lenin and Marxist-Leninism that define it that way, with socialism as a transition to communism
Socialism: Doesn't work\nCommunism: Doesn't work\nMarkism: Doesn't work\n\nthere you guys go.
communism doesn't work
let's study socialism and communism..why? iT NEVER WORKS  oh right, it wasn't real \n communism or real socialism, they didn't do it right etc etc
socialism works until you run out of other people's money - IRON LADY OOHRAH!
why can't humans think of something better that takes the better from all ideas and makes the perfect theory
so your saying Scandinavia is not socialist. I get it.
anarcho capitalism?
What about the anarcho-capitalism ?
Just a heads up that the Anarchism you described is actually just a branch called \"Anarcho-Communism\", not all of Anarchism is socialist). Anarchism in itself would deserve an own graphic with all its subdivisions.
Equal pay for non equal jobs does not work, it would resort to everyone doing the easiest job there is because you get rewarded the same anyways
Lazy and stupid love socialism.
I would just like to say, great video! Really appreciate it. I do have a question however: why do people in the West call Cuba communist?
I'd like  to see a video on what exactly fascism is
\"...and on trees instead of leafs will hang the communists.\" \n\n- Polish proverb
You didn't include Mutualism. }:-c
Socialism is a monster which will die ~ Janusz Korwin-Mikke
You got something wrong: you don't understand the nature of anything you talk about outside your diagram. I don't even mean that harshly. You just don't.
Just took a peek at that little website... you give the CIA way to much credit. But nice try, we had the DDR in Germany and it failed despite being backed by the USSR and the CIA had to do jack shit.
4:00 AHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA.... wait you are serious? Cuba is democratic? Or are we treating it as democratic on paper?
Anarchists are no communists. Anarchists think that the people should destroy the state after a revolution. Anarchists also do not believe that rules are necessary. Leninists (like me) believe that after the world has become socialists communism comes automatically and the state \"dies\". Those functions of the state that are not needed \"die out\". So Lenin says \"The state as state dies\" that does mean that there is no \"state\" but does not mean that there are no rules and no functions that are similar to state functions  (organization of the production, police....). But in general you have done a good job.
In simplest terms, and with the proviso that no \"pure\" form of any one of these exists...\nCapitalism: you can own a company; if you do, you control it.\nSocialism: you can own a company, but the gov't controls it.\nCommunism: the government owns all businesses.
yugoslavia was almost same as cuba
Hmm I guess Im a social democrat then. Thx for the vid
are you retarded?
Anarchism is actually the complete opposite of Communism. A is about a stateless society, self-ownership and the autonomous individual. This is in absolute contrast to Communism in which the state aims to control most aspects of life including production, opinions and thoughts.
call it what you want they killed over 100 million in the 20th century. communism is more evil than nazism, islam, and americanism, and capitalism.
Read Gulag Archipelago
SOCIAL-DEMOCRACY!!! FUCK YEAH!!!!\nWait, canada sure seems to be social-democratic... Probably is.
2:14 - Big government, a sense that the individual must come second before the state, the idea that the production is owned by the collective (ends up being the state), roots in Marxist ideas, a general lack of knowledge in basic economy and a high failure rate.
Sweden is not a socialist country,  it's a capitalist country. Socialdemocracy
I'm more of a socialist of the national variety :^)
anybody ever tell you to not use the word youre defining in the definition.
heres a bit of irony i noticed, you called cuba a socialist nation based on the definition and also said they were democratic....how the hell can they be democratic when only one party is in control and the people have literally no choice. in addition to the fact that socialism as you describe it tends to lead to dictatorships. \n\nwhereas in a true free democracy you can vote people out and have a choice....however agreably small that choice at least in america is.
als alles wordt geproduceerd om kapot te gaan zodat het volk aan het werk blijft en je hebt er geen inspraak op. dan praat je over sociaal marxisme oftewel een communistische dictatuur. \nis niet duurzaam en ook niet milieubewust.  het beste is een op grondstoffen gebaseerde economie.  zoek maar op THE VENUS PROJECT by jacque fresco.
sexy learning disabilities wtfff
I see why you grouped anarchism under socialism and even communism,  but then how do we fit mutualism and that horrendous anarcho-capitalism into the picture?
I think this definition of \"ownership\" is a little vague. Most people understand (though may not be able to articulate) that ownership is the ability to limit access to, either legally as in legal ownership, or physically, as in possession. You own the physical space you take up, because no one may possess it without your consent or abandonment. You own your mind and thoughts, because you control the use and dissemination of the information and personality contained. With this in mind, we can extrapolate that there is only private ownership. Public ownership is an illusion. In Cuba the owner of everything, legally, is El Presidente. He has the final say in whether a building gets raised or the gates are opened. If there is someone in trespass, El Presidente's command can have that person arrested or executed. He may delegate that authority to others, who may themselves delegate it out, but the final say still belongs to the top. In the case of public lands, like in the US, the de facto owner is the custodian or ranger. They have the power and legal authority to limit access to the park or land. It may be \"owned\" by the public on paper, but there is/are a person/persons with ultimate final control, who are not necessarily answerable to the demos...
Socialists get the bullet too
El anarquismo es una clase de comunismo solo en un caso, el anarcocomunismo, en los otros casos es socialista
This should be watched by every American after the absolute brainwashing we all receive
dong energy
anarchism = \"I want to be free for like a month before my entire country is conquered by violent criminals with guns, essentially creating a society ruled by crazy barbarians with weapons\"\n\ncommunism = \"oh, you're the best engineer in the world? here is the exact same as we pay bob the trash man that never comes to work\"\n\nsocialism = \"oh, you earned that money? thanks. I'll take that to found 500 retarded things only 1% of the population needs. if you complain, youll be seen as ungrateful. at least were not communists\" \n\nsocial democracy = \"ok guys, we make a company owned by the state. the bigger that company gets, the richer the nation and lower the taxes can become. if it goes bankrupt... well... our people can try cannibalism maybe?\"\n\ncapitalism = \"earn money like you earn to be alive in the wild. survival of the fittest! oh, you can't work because you was in a car crash and is paralysed permanently? have you considered suicide?\"
Socialism doesn't work simple
You just called Cuba a \"democratic state\"? lol...please
Thank you. I'm not a socialist, but this answered some questions I really didn't even know I had.
Where's the Constitutional Republic??  Wasn't  Communism just a creation of the international banking elite?   Read None Dare Call It Conspiracy.
What they all have in common is that they all don't work
Cuba is not democratic.
The mere fact that is has so many varieties and flavors, proves it's a scam.
Fascism is corporatism, which falls under Socialism because the government controls the corporations which also mean they control the means of production.\nThe Umbrella: Socialism > Fascism > Corporatism.\nCorporatism is the illusion of a free market.
Anarchism should be under capitalism
So Hitler was a totalitarian social democrat with nationalistic ideology and Stalin a totalitarian democratic socialist with leninist ideology, but same scum... only diference is who they robed to sustain socialistic \"paradise\". Hitler robed other nations, Stalin mostly under his control.
I only watched your video up to the Cuba part, where you present outright false information. First the factories in Cuba are actually controlled by GAESA, an economic conglomerate belonging to the Cuban army and more specifically, the Castro family, which serves itself and not the people. Second, people in Cuba actually seek work in the very few private companies and \"paladares\" that exist in the country because they pay much better than the state, which pays around 500 pesos a month, (not enough money to feed yourself). Third, the people of Cuba do not control the government because you only get to choose people from one party; and if  for some reason someone from a different party decides to run for office the people at the \"oficina del poder pupular\" (where votes are counted) will just throw the ballots going to that \"undesirable\" candidate away (source: family members and friends who worked there). If you don't believe me, you only have to see what happened to Oswaldo Paya and how the government crushed his Varela project and then killed him. And I haven't even mentioned the Apartheid-like laws that exist in Cuba, that never seem to be mentioned in the so called \"corporate-media\".\n\n  It pains me to see that more than 200,000 people likely watched this and trusted you and your information. Perhaps you're not a bad person, but you are doing a bad thing. This video is a disservice to the people of Cuba and to democracy itself. If you ever read this, please inform yourself before putting out information that can cause great harm, and take some responsibility for your actions.\nKindly,\nA Cuban who lived in Cuba for 15 years.
i like communist jokes   but theyre only fair if everyone gets them.
Great video
Socialism: Because taking other people's money from them at gun point is a good thing... >_<
Have you ever talked to anyone who lives in cuba? From the amount of praise you are showing on socialism, I don't think you ever have.
You should've explained that Nazism is \"socialism\" in name only. It isn't real socialism because it doesn't embrace the world's working class. It's also not a government democratically controlled by workers. Hitler argued against Marxism.
cuba?  really?  they don't control who rules them, I call bs.
Go Communism!!!!
BUT STALIN
National socialism is very different then socialism
People in Cuba have control............. You're more fake news than CNN!!!
When Anarchists say they're all for Democracy.....
fuck you commies anarchy is the best
Nice, informative video. It's good to know your enemy. Better dead than red!
managed to make a video on socialism without being blatantly biased. well done. if it was me the explanation would be \"the bits under socialism are a bunch of retards g'night\" so well done for withholding your bias whichever way it goes.
damn commies
ok i wanna move to the 24th century.
Could you please mention a word or two about the 60,000,000 dead Russians from Stalin and Lennon, the 100,000,000 dead Chinese from Mao Zedong, the untold numbers dead from the North Korean Government and Cuban government. If you want to educate the public on Socialism please pay some respect to the ordinary people who paid with there lives.
Idiotic...
They are exactly the SAME MISERABLE SHIT
basically what is china then?
\"Most people agree that capitalism is an unfair system\"\n\nExcept that the opposite is true.\n\nCapitalism is the fairest system the world has ever seen: every person is paid according to the value they provide to society, and we have a welfare safety net for those who are unable or too lazy to contribute anything at all. People can choose the level of effort they put into their work to match their level of ambition.\n\nEspecially today, it's easier to start a business than it's ever been before. People are building business empires from a computer at home and an Internet connection. It's a time of enormous opportunity for anyone willing to work for it.\n\nCompare that to communist countries which have universally produced nothing but poverty, misery and death. Socialism and communism are concepts which have been tried over and over again, failing every time. You know what they say about the definition of insanity...\n\nThese days socialism is nothing but the refuge of children who are privileged enough to have time to waste, and lazy enough that they refuse to pursue any of the plethora of opportunities available to them. They can't be bothered offering something of value to society to earn a living or build a fortune, instead they're determined to find a way to be a parasite and live off the labour of others.\n\nThank god we've left the horrors of Communism behind, in the 20th century, and that the majority of our citizens are not dumb enough to make the mistake of trying that failed system yet again today.
\"Explained by a Marxist\" Fuck dude, at least keep identity politics out of the video title...
Marxist = Communist
socialism: where people are too lazy to accomplish anything themselves, relying on others to puck up their slack. thinking they are with singe kind of equality. however, they are just a burden on society, too far useless to get up and take what they want
Thank you I'm so tired off people call Scandinavia socialist! I mean for god sake if we were even close to communisim in the first place then our royal families would never exist.
SOCIALISM DOESN'T WORK! that's all you need to know.
What do they all have in common?\nThey're all trash and will never come to America (if we don't elect another Obama)
So, can someone tell me all the sects of Capitalism now?
You're adding the wrong suffix to form the adjective of \"Socialism\" and \"Capitalism\". \"Socialistic\" is incorrect; in all cases it should be \"Socialist\".
- anarchism is not always socialist, it's simply a lack of structured government.  anarcho-capitalism meets this criterion and is very capitalist.\n\n- socialism/capitalism is not binary, it's a spectrum.  states can be more or less \"socialist\" depending on how much of the capital is publicly owned.\n\n- socialism works best when the populace shares a common ethnic background and is therefore more likely to care about each other (a necessary aspect of any public ownership).  national socialism is the only form of socialism that i know of which explicitly addresses this, which is why it's the only one that has historically not collapsed upon itself.\n\nstop being delusional.
In my opinion, philosophy and politics should be minimal (can you tell I'm a centrist?). Economics is devoid of philosophy and simply tells you what is necessary for a nation's economy to work. As such, I would simply have a mixed economy while implementing whatever is necessary to ensure the productivity of the nation's economy while reasonably guarding the rights of everyone involved while assisting people in need but not overtaxing the rich.
I mean the Nazi's pretty much were very socialist, if they control your company as much as they did but you own it in name is it really your company?
Lol i should have stopped at the \"free healthcare payed by the government\" part...
3:59 \".... are owned by the state, that is, the community as a whole.\" No. State is not a synonym for community. Your fallacy is showing.
Wrong....NOT PAID FOR  by the Government!  THOSE \"benefits\" are paid for by Taxpayers!  ALL are totalitarian!\n\nCommunism sucks!\nSocialism sucks!\nMarxism sucks!\n\nThey're still the same!   Totalitarian.
This isn't really accurate. In reality these are the various varieties of Communism/Socialism/Marxism... 1) There is the kind where you have a highly productive people with a cultural tradition of hard work, and you then cripple them with a bloated social bureaucracy and soft headed ideas. Then the Socialist government invites a bunch of foreigners in who do not have the same cultural outlook at all. The end result is the foreign invaders sawing the heads off of whatever part of the native population won't submit... 2) Then you have the kind of Socialism where everyone goes on hippie love spree of sharing and stuff, but no one wants to bother actually doing any productive work, and everyone starves to death... 3) There is the kind of socialism where the working class is taxed to give meaningless jobs to an army of bureaucrats and funnel money to a multitude of other completely unproductive social cases. This kind ends when the government grows so large and all encompassing that it chokes out and overtaxes the productive working class. Then it lives on borrowed money for a decade or three until the entire system collapse, and everyone starves... 4) There is the kind of Socialism where evil tyrants go around killing anyone that opposes their rule while trying to micromanage an economy.  Then the whole thing collapses and everyone starves... 5) There is the kind of socialism where a type 4 socialist country tries to reform itself before everyone does starve. But their understanding or economics is usually pretty screwed up so they try to emulate a type 3 socialist country and ultimately go back to a type 4 socialist economy.
Socialism in Real Life: Labeling a group as oppressors in order to justify hatred & violence against them.\nInsert: Capitalists, Bourgeoisie, Racists, Bigots, Jews, etc.
all you need to know about those three forms of ideology is they suck
So..... how do you explain capitolist anarchists?\nAnarchists that believe in meritocracy and government completely removed from the picture. That couldn't logically be comunism.
I don't get how anarchy has anything to do with communism, they share very little in their views.
What you neglected in your video is the relationship of the individual to the state, both in terms of taxation, freedom and expendability. \n\nAll of these items is what makes socialism of any stripe objectively stupid because of empirical results.
Well here's all you need to know about Socialism, Communism, & Marxism: They don't work.
great propaganda piece. especially when you talk about Marxism. Marxism didn't stem from socialism. they all stem, except of capitalism, monarchy which Marx renamed Marxism and other groups gave their spin, I.e. socialism, communism.
bernies not a socialist
You're still a Marxist freaking moron read an Econ book
how many came for luxemburgism
Anarchism is out of communism, and, of course, out of socialism.
Thank you so much for making an unbiased video that properly explains things
we need a balance between the two. for example. Australia is a capitalist country with some socialist ideology. we have Medicare and public schooling witch is all paid by taxes and you don't have to fork out more money to attend these things. which is a good thing. but lately the big power company's have been privatized and sold off by the government and now they can put up cost to what ever they like. to a certain extent. which is a bad thing.
Capitalism rules
the ideologies of Socialism as well as communism breed authoritarian tendencies within government. when you give the government that much power you are riding a fine line on total government control. that's not even to mention socialistic economies and their ability to destroy a countries wealth. read the gulag archipelago or listen to Jordan Peterson's lectures on authoritarianism to understand these ideas further
marx left a lot o his \"work\" unfinished.   ha ha ha.  He didnt work.  He was a leech who sat around begging for hand outs.
I can already tell this is retarded because you put anarchy in with socialism. Ok your IQ must be about 38.
socialism and communism are a cancer for humanity and nothing is \"free\" everything that is \"free\" comes from the peoples pockets in the form of taxes not the government.
NO BUT THEY'RE ALL THE SAME, I TELL YOU.
There's an umbrella term that he missed that encapsulates the major socialist states that failed or were involved in genocide. It's called \"Not-real Socialism\". The utopian socialism that hasn't been tried yet is the real stuff ;^)
You didn't talk about the so-called \"utopian socialism\" which is in fact the only relatively successful kind of socialism that have ever existed. Of course a non marxist one. By the way, Hitler was a socialist even though he didn't end up with private property because he was more interested in the military glory. He explained his intensions in Mein Kampf about stablish a socialistic economy and that was a part of his ideology as its name says. Nationalism and socialism has been the worst things that have ever happened to humanity. Sorry for my English.
This idea that Cuba has free elections needs to be challenged here. You present it as though candidates run in open and informed elections just like in Canada or the USA.
Why does this matter?
China under Mao .One of the poorest Country's Post Mao China --> Capitalistic China is now on the fast Lane
Dislike for misleading information.
social democracy sounds pretty cool
Thanks for the info.  I admittedly am not a socialist by any means and have always considered myself a free market purist (i.e. laizze faire capitalism).  But that doesn't mean that I'm not interested in a discussion with a socialist.  My question to you is a broad one, morality.  All pragmatics aside, do you believe socialism to be a more moral system of economics and social structure than capitalism?  Because one system is based on voluntaryism than the other which is based on coercion.  And if Social Democracy is the mixed economy that all nations should strive for (i.e. a market economy with private ownership but with a vast safety net), do you see any drawbacks to this form?  Thanks in advance for the reply.
Capitalism is the unequal distribution of wealth.  Socialism the equal distribution of poverty.   Communism or Fascism is socialism with a gun pointed at your head.  -- Brian Davis paraphrasing  Winston Churchill
Now explain different kinds of capitalism
socialism a giant theft program implemented by the state. creating a ever increasing race to the bottom as the productive members of society realize there is more money at the bottom then at the top. A socialist is a greedy, selfish, person that defends this theft and the eventual inevitable murder of innocent people. All while calling capitalist what they in fact are greedy.
Most means of production can be privatised with some regulations to keep them in check. But some means need to be owned by the government since the profit maximising point is far away from what's desirable for the larger population. Like private schools being unaffordable for the masses. privatising such services hurts society in the long run since an uneducated country is unable to support competitive companies. The best societies don't pick either socialism or capitalism but decide what the best position is for each means of production. This is why Trump is bad for America but good for the rest of the world... as long as he doesn't blow it up.
It's not the government that pays for benefits. They are not in the business of producing anything. Yes, they do provide services, but they are paid for by the taxpayer. Government as whole does not pay for anything. The simply administer funds they receive from the taxpayer. This is in an important aspect esp. because the idea of \"free\" is simply wrong and sends the wrong signal. Nothing is free.
self interest and self preservation are the most powerful forces in animals including humans .           if you think not , just shoot yourself in the head and prove it's not so !    BTW socialism is basically the ultimate in greed , a desire to have something without having to earn it .         karl marx whole life was an example of it , he was a deadbeat who never worked in his life and left a trail of deb and treated people like shit ,...he was a scumbag of the first order .                BTW , bernie sanders has that in common with marx ,he never had a job either!
Capitalism - Free markets where people have the rights to own land and create wealth. \nFeudalism - A system based on inherited wealth and inherited status. \nCommunism - A system where the state owns the means of production. The people are all treated equally and get an equal share to resources. \nSocialism - Somewhere between capitalism and communism. Essentially a system which has a free market element, the ability to create wealth and own land. This system however has a far higher redistribution of wealth via the form of taxation. This sometimes looks communist in principle as the state interferes a lot and more people are given a more equal share of resources. \n\nThe only system which works is capitalism with a taxation and regulation. This is a system which has balances and checks. There is also some redistribution but not to the same extent as socialism. \n\nAll of these models involve people. All people can be corrupted. Therefore the system which enables the greatest range of freedoms is normally the most successful. \n\nCommunism has always led to an extremely powerful corrupt government. \nSocialism is a form of capitalism. It also doesn't work in a globalised society as they tend to quickly run out of money and go bankrupt. \nFeudalism ended in the 20th century. Some still exist such as North Korea. \nCapitalism with taxation and regulation has been broadly accepted world wide. We see this via the form of globalisation. \nCapitalism is seen in America, Europe, India, Asia and Australia. This basically means the entire world has embraced this system.
5 minutes in - still complete crap. \n\nDon't watch this video.
Please do a continuation video about right wing also please, just to also explain social-liberalism, liberalism, and other parties
It would be nice if the video elaborated on some of the \"socialist\" nations. The video swiftly moves past Nazi-Germany which began as a socialist state and evolved into a fascist dictatorship. It also does the same with the USSR under Stalin, again another fascist state. Furthermore, the video speaks to the point that some nations claim to be \"socialist\", or in Cuba's case communist, but then states that the government's themselves have misinterpreted the definition as well. So can we speak to the point where some socialist states claim to be \"democratic\" but despite the title, have had curiously one leader, or a family of leader's, for half a century. The thing is, just because you claim to be democratic, or socialist for that matter, doesn't mean you are. If you hold elections but either by rigging the ballot boxes or bully tactics at the polls, means that you are NOT democratic, you are a dictatorship with heavy overtones of facisism. By these omissions, the video romanticizes the idea of socialism without showing the absolute and eventual end of it and the nation's that adopt it.
Just a quick note, you've completely missed out Market Socialism and Mutualism, which are systems in which the means of production are owned democratically by workers at competing firms and co-operatives within a free market, with workers being entitled to the full product of their labour, a system of property rights heavily based on the difference between personal and private property, and a whole host of other stuff. Actually, it might be worth doing an explanation video for others who are unfamiliar with it.
So Socialism is just communism light?
how do the people in Cuba control the government if Casto has been the name of their leader for over two decades?\n\nwhy would anybody flee from that country if it's so free? spoiler alert: it's not a nice place.
If you are young, maybe a student , and think communism or socialism is a better system than the one that raised and educated you in a free enough society whereby you can express your dumb as fuck ungrateful opinions in the streets you never paid a cent to construct or maintain.._.._the you are a cunt. You need to be put in a camp
Actually, anarchy is the lack of regulation, which capitalism thrives in and on the political spectrum exists on the very, very far right with nothing existing to its right. Socialism and communism exist on the far, far left where regulation is everywhere. \nAlso, communism, socialism and Nazi do share aside from basic socialist models an over abundance of gun control laws and an encouragement to practice infanticide aka abortion.
Well they all suck anyway
China's SOEs account for about 30% of their GDP. And unsurprisingly those are the sectors that are draining their economic growth, and are quite aptly named their \"zombie\" economy.
5:32...\n\n*Incorrect*.  \n\n1. Left is not socialist, Right is not capitalist.  If you are attempting to create a dichotomy, you have errantly done so.\n\nThe left wing does not completely encompass Socialism.\nThe right wing does not completely encompass Capitalism.\n\n2. Shortly thereafter, you said think Star Trek for communism.  *This is Completely Incorrect*.  Star Trek encompasses Meritocracy, and not Communism.  Meritocracy is the Ideology of self improvement as the means of authority and power within a society, and Meritocracy does work, on the basis of an economy without money.  if Star Trek were communist, then the Quote by Packard would not be as such in 5:58.\n\nI see any more gaffes, I will acknowledge them with time stamps.
Socialism has nothing to do we \"social work or help\". This is what the say to people. See Venezuela for a current example. See there how \"social\" the government state is against his own people killing them... Very extreme social!!
Communism is brutal capitalism. That's all. Take jobs and things others have done is socialism. Happy hacking ;)
Im sorry, this video is amazing but i had to watch it again bc after reading DONG ENERGY, i couldnt take anything seriously
great video comrade
LIBERTARIANISM IS SOCIALISM
Well since the labor theory of value is as useless as it is incorrect, this whole video was pointless and Marxism is flawed from the foundation up.
socialism seems to try and change the person. What happened to everyone making their own choices? socialism is a dick from trying to change those around it to please itself.
I think this just makes it more confusing.
4:00 take a Look at those tools. I see what u did there.
Very informative video, although a breakdown of capitalist ideology should have totally been in this video as well!
Communism is the movement from society organized by money to society organized by language
Not 100% correct coming from an orthodox Marxist. But it's a step in the right direction towards educating Americans on their gross understanding of it. Also Cuba is not socialist but they are moving towards this
all these isms mean nothing because they're made up to create a false dichotomy. government is all about everyone sacrificing for government while government pretends to be sacrificing for everyone.
Dude your wrong about China they call themselves COMMUNIST. Trust me I work there, that's why the Communist party runs china. Wow you couldn't be more wrong, with your description please stop. You really need to learn more about this stuff Carl Marx work has nothing to do with forming a new economic system his WHOLE works is a critic of capitalism, he never advocated for anything he just pointed out flaws he saw with the current system. EVERYTHING else was implied by other people.
Thanks to internet, national books and TV for confusing word terms
DONG ENERGY
You're a fuckboi.
nothings free. its just u dont decide about where ur money goes  lol
They are the same exact thing
You all get the ovens.
BERNIE SANDERS IS A NAZI JEW
Damn, I've been wrong all of my adult life. About Cuba that is. I would've never thought of Cuba as a socialist estate with a ruling party of communist ideology  that's been democratically chosen by its people. How foolish of me not to see or realize that the unsung and noble goal of democracy was through coercion of the people  to install, implement and perpetuate a totalitarian system were the individual doesn't even have the simplest of freedoms. To say no. I don't agree, and since I don't like how things are being done I would like to leave. I mean nowhere in the definition of the word democracy you'll find the words freedom of the individual. Rule of the people. That's it, at its core. Democracy and freedom, how ignorant. Is communism bad or good? It depends which side of the fence you're on. Are we, humans, inclined to live and work not just for the benefit of oneself and our loved ones but also for the community we are part of? I'm a little rusty on my Marx-Engels, since it's been almost 40 years since I first read an illustrated copy of their book the Communist Manifest. The then newly installed in power Sandinista's in Nicaragua, wanted to educate the common people about their ideology, so they printed a comic book version of the Communist Manifest. I was about to finish high school and was pretty active in my school and we were asked to go out and sell at a very low price,can't remember how much but it was very cheap, said book. So I bought one for myself and read it. Hey if you are going to sell something you have to know the product, right? Maybe not believe or use it yourself but at least know it. I liked what I read. It appealed to my humanist side. The idea were everybody were equal, no classes or social status, everybody working for a common goal, a little bit of that old musketeers' mantra one for all and all for one was very appealing. And how ironic that here were these guys, especially Marx, whom denounced religion, was setting forth a new religion, dogma, creed, tenet or whatever you want to call it. But even funnier than that is that in his, and Engels, book you'll find many traces of that old religion. It's necessary for the old, corrupt man ( society to die ) so that a new man can emerge. Does that sound familiar? \n\nLike I said I'm very rusty on anything communist or socialist because just like is the case with most religions, or any isms, their message and intent can be a good one but, as is alway the case, if man is involved in it, you'll be disappointed rather sooner than later, more often than not. I'll say my goodbyes using the favorite slogan of our Vice President Rosario Murillo, peace and love from our socialist, Christian and solidarian  (or solidarist ) Nicaragua . Well one half out three not bad , don't you think? What a mess.
Cuba a democracy??? Pull the other one!
What about facism?
Anarchism = Pepe
Quite a loaded thing to say that because the state owns the means of production, that the people indirectly owns it.\nThe state doesn't owe shit to the people of Cuba. In fact, the \"state\" is a volatile, everchanging collective that only owes itself to their own interests. If they want to keep power, they pander to the people that vote for them. They could also be bold and introduce policies that are not in the people's interest, but their own, and if the state has the mandate, the people cannot do shit.\nTheir only option now is riot and hostile takeover.\n\nWhen you have a representative democracy, this will happen, no matter the left/right leaning. The representative you voted into parliament does not represent you or your local community, they represent only themselves and their own beliefs.
Thank you, this is extremely informative. Great video focusing on the facts only and not going into any common biases
as a point of clarity i would like to point out the Swedish systemboleget (the alcohol monopoly) does not produce anything it merely imports and buys and sells alcohol so the market can be controlled and thus the harm of excessive drinking can be too... (they tend to steer people towards drinking better not more i.e diversely and not cheap stuff simply for a buzz). (less alcoholic drinks are merely restricted by age and can be purchased in any grocery store)\n\nso technically calling it a means of production is a bit of a stretch... though the use of that term may be somewhat old fashioned.
Sweedish ignorant supporting the dictators !
Mondragon, Spain is the closest thing to a true workers' democracy, that I know of.
Anarchism isn't inherently a communist ideology.  Ever hear of anarcho-capitalism?
I love how in this he describes Democratic Socialism as totally different from what Lenin and Stalin where for but I think he forgets one key piece of information;Democratic Socialism was a term created by Lenin in order to get people behind him because up until that point very few people supported the revolution because they new it would ultimately result in a dictatorship equal to the monarchy they where already living under so Lenin in his \"ultimate wisdom\" promised the people elections for the government seats which Stalin disagreed with obviously hence why he killed Lenin and Trotsky
While I do disagree with Socialism and Communism, I actually really enjoyed this video. Good job of just giving the facts, I didn't feel as though you were trying to convince me you were right about anything. Great Work!
social democracy= friendly capitalism, which implies capitalism is unfriendly... which it is... It's nothing but exploitation.
Fuck you dirty swede\nYou Got a new sub
wrong, in norway the government owns 50% which is fucking stupid.
Next time make a video explaining the difference between water and H2O.
there's problems with both of these standpoints, take capitalism... it ultimately leads to a group of super rich individuals who to all intents and purposes own politicians and decide who wins and looses.... they also have those politicians in their pockets meaning those few mega rich people solely control the direction. sounds an awful lot like democracy and capitalism are incompatible to me... and the greater the passage of time the greater. the more ingrained the problem becomes. Also another truly fundamental issue with capitalism and the free market, really the entire global economy revolves around eternal growth of the economy. Problem is there's a limit, hard and fast ones... There's only so many natural resources in this planet, only so much that can be squeezed out of it... this shit is destined to collapse one day and when it does whoever is around to see it will see a shit storm beyond comprehension lol god it's terrifying to even imagine it
You butchered the terms- first of all you need to make a distinction between socialism and communism. Socialism is referring  to  economical establishment in a country where communism is referring to political establishment. Communism means there's only one political party and people elected are from that one party. In socialism all of the assets are owned by the government- the people . Democracy is more political parties with different ideologies like Republicans,democrats or green party they have different agendas and ideologies. Now Capitalism refers to economic establishment in which all of the assets  are owned by private entities. So in short Socialism- Capitalism . Communism-Democracy. \nYou can have Democracy and socialism at the same time -Socio-democratic parties. Btw EU is working on combination of Democracy and implementing new socio-capitalistic society. Oh and people from around the world when you pick up your welfare check thats an element of socialism so do your research before judging. Im born in Socio-communism and now i live in Democratic and Capitalistic society.
To many words for the same bullshit
Could it be said that \"socialism\" is a spectrum? where you might say that \"Venezuela has too much socialism, the US has too little socialism but canada has the right amount of it??\" or something
Nice! you just forget to explain How Utopic Socialism really is, and why it never worked and why it will never work properly. and you kept just about what it was supposed to be and NOT what it really is, and how it really works in RL. the Socialist idea to ban classes and blá blá blá. end creating a powerfull class of life politicians and have more privilengies than a common citizen and theres. anarchism isnt the lack of a government? lack of government has not to do with Communist or Socialist the requires Big Governametal control over population, and Capitalism isnt a government form at all if you are smart enought to think about it carefully, China being a \"Socialist\" Nation is more capitalist than you can imagine... and Come on... socialist willing to pay higher wages? are you serious? you should leave the Unicorn and Colorfull rainbows lands and take a look back to our world instead.
I would have said, owned or regulated by the community as a whole.\nand while Google is on my side the Oxford dictionary is on yours. I would say if this was French you win.\nbut our docuseries describe the words as the populaces uses them they do not dictate.
There is an ERROR in your little diagram, Anarchism should not belong solely to Socialism, but also to Capitalism. Thus that brown bar should run along the bottom of the chart and encompass both. The capitalistic version of Anarchism is called Libertarianism, where they believe that capitalism should not be regulated nor controlled in any form.
Are you stupid? Cuba a democracy? Last i check it was run by a ruthless dictator that wanted to analiate the usa with russias nukes. I dont see how the ppl choose their leader if there arent even elections like wtf?
Saying that Anarchism is communist because they both want a stateless society is like saying Islam is non-religious because they don't believe in your God. Just wrong.\nAnarchism has nothing to do with communism. You can be an anarco-communist as much as you can be an anarco-capitalist, or something entirely different, such as myself, for example. Since the centralized-decentralized axis is independent from the public-private axis, you can be an anarchist from anywhere of the political spectrum, and it's not even a requisite to be against a monetary system or a class system (or even the existence of states themselves); it just means that you don't recognize the authority of any state/organization to declare itself your boss without your permission.
Now you should do same to Capitalism.
I think you let your opinion run the show a bit but still informative.
Det finns fler felaktiga påståenden i den här videon än vad det finns rätta. Du kan ju inte ens grundläggande saker så som att inget land någonsin varit kommunistiskt på gruns av att det inte finns någon valuta i en kommunism mm.
You can start at 5:19 if you don't want to hear about modern politics.
Anarchism is the ultimate form of Capitalism..
this wasn't even biased it was lazy, but it's really complicated and every time you mention communist people give you ignorant reactions.
good video! well explained
Maybe I'm ignorant, but if Cuba is so great then why is there so little internet access and other goods? Simply because of sanctions? Can Castro be voted out? What is the argument that he is doing such a good job that there is no one better to run the country?
The Nazis were fascist. Just saying.
you forgot about laos and vietnam there also communism/Socialism countries
no you're wrong because Fox News told me so.
As an anarchist, I find your definition insultingly ignorant. Anarchy is the free market.
LoL \"democracy thru revolutional means\".\" people get to choose betwen our way or graveyard and we call it democracy so you'd better belive it is\"
Lots of info on a bunch of versions of Idiocracies. Could you do one on all the countries practicing 100% Free Market Capitalism?
HUMAN \"NAUTRE\"? (minute 11:00)
This guy is definitely good at making socialism and even communism look \"pretty\". Lmao. Well played. Well played.
anarchist are not necessary communist American libertarians are technical anarchocapitalist. in general anarchistic are  against centralized power.\nOK.\n\nI oversimplified a lot...
Bro... Cuba is definitely not a democracy.
Did you not discuss why Nazism is only socialism in name because the scope of the video is only on the left side of the economic spectrum? Also could've done with more development of the difference between democratic socialism and social democracy.
Cuban citizens control the cuban state... really?
Cuba democratic?  ROFLMAO ... Glad you pointed out that NAZI is a form a socialism, but you forgot to put in your hierarchy.
I disagree fundamentally with where you put anarchism, I consider it to be the extreme form of capitalism. totalitarianism the extreme form of communism. anarchism is less state control (none actually) totalitarianism complete control. clear exact opposites.
Bernie is a Communist.
I FUCKING LOVE YOU
You can't say Cuba is a democracy as long as they don't have the power to adopt another form of economical doctrine. I'm pretty sure if they could, they would choose not to live in a State where a taxi driver earns more than a engineer, pretty much forms of foreign media is censored and questionable things happen to curious reporters.
The irony of a self proclaimed Marxist using youtube to explain the difference between three failed ideologies, hilarious.
Maoism is different from other forms of communism
Lmao iraq obama
You missed cultural Marxism, given the chaos it's causing it needs addressing. The substitution of economic inequality for identity politics and privilege.
You could put countries on this graph. So we could visualise where we are.
Funny most \"socialist\" party's in Europe are Social Democracy
Also anarchism is the idea to abolish the government
Nazis were not socialist as they were far right, and were actually extremely anti socalist and communist
can you make a similar chart for capitalism?? \nalso, got an advert for prager fake univeristy- where is my throw up button? ...
Wow, Why would you compare the US election with these concepts???? How about talking about the meaning without the talking about the US???
The classification of communism is completely wrong. The rest is ok.
So by your definition, the Nazis were a left wing party?
Our toothbrushes will be property of the state? hahahahajajajajaja
focken swedish
What socialists like to call Social Democracy is in fact just a Welfare  State which is a pure Capitalistic concept invented by Otto Von Bismarck and to which most Socialists/Marxists opposed back in the time.
Haha anarchism is socialism. What the fuck is this shit?\nCapitalism means ownership of the means of production. Since every government requires a coercive monopoly, capitalism can't exist in a society with a state. thus capitalism can only exist in anarchy.
The way I see politics is a circle. t\nThe right and left start at the bottom point of a circle. The left goes left, the right goes right. Eventually both sides get carried away and arc themselves inward. Both extreme left and right end up at the top point of the circle neither one better than the other.
Here's a QUICK Political Science 101 lesson...\nThe more left you go, the more communist. The more right you go, the more fascist.\nEveryone has a fundamental agenda at their very core. I am left.
I would argue Communism is left capitalism is right and socialism is central.\nanarchism isn't in any category, that's the point, it's a non society.
Can we all agree that that most if not all forms of socialism are bad?
Except \"the state\" is not \"the people\"
I don't personally agree with your views but I do think it's important to define the terms. I actually learned something from this. although some of the terms mean different things to different people.  in America \"socialism\" is used to describe a system that regulates the economy, provides many government programs, and redistributes wealth by means of taxation and welfare. this is why Bernie and Obama are called socialist. although this is not the historical definition of the term, it's how it is typically used here. And we use \"communism\" to describe what is technically socialism. I haven't been exposed to the historical definitions of the terms before this video. I found this video interesting, the only issue was it seemd a bit biased. But overall thank you for this video sir.
lol 5k subscribers but gets 225k views....wot in tarnation?!
It's like 2017 genders, it's overly confusing and it could easily be simplified
You would have gone to gulag if you said anarchism counts in short terms as socialism too xD
so where would \"anarchocapitalists\" fall under?
How can you dare to say that anarchism counts as socialism if socialism implies the existing of a STATE and anarchism is the complete negative to any STATE?
Obviously biased.  Everyone knows capitalism is defined as \"the love of hard work, democracy, peace, and justice\" while socialism is defined as \"literally satan worship\".
Why not speak of Nordic countries instead of Scandinavia. It includes Finland and Iceland too.  I know at least Finland is in a same way \"socialist\" than scandinavian countries.
This was a very informational video.  Thank you for sharing the information.
it is wikipedia based video and has nothing to do with real understanding of this terms, there is reason why Scandinavians call themselves socialists, in early period of capitalism socialism was anti private property(so the definition in video is correct for classical socialism)  but things was changed after ww2, socialistic parties adopted (in Europe) market based economy as best way to create wealth, things go in different ways in political spectrum when issue comes to redistribution. socialist thinkers believe that national wealth should be redistributed equally or almost equally, so socialist states have much higher tax and government spends a lot in health and education and etc.  but more importantly socialist have different view of human nature and nature of society, they  believe that society and individual has much more relation than in classical liberalism was believed, they think that every individual being owes something to society because society contributes great dial of capacities and virtues of individual.\ncommunism is more concerned about small communities and organizes it's economic system around them so property owners are communities not nation as it was in classical socialism.\nMarx was materialist, he thought that materialistic needs shapes social structure. He thought that capitalism was doomed because it didn't give masses materialistic satisfaction. And this people proletarian?s as he called would rebel and make revolution. in the end he bilieved socialism will prevail
This video seems to imply that Cuba and China have elections
Oh man, a swede, must suck living in a nightmare state
Shouldn't Leninism be in the revisionist category. Marx said: \"the emancipation of the working class must be the work of the working class itself\" (alias non violent revolution)\n\nwhile Lenin said:\n“Class political consciousness can be brought to the workers only from without, that is, only from outside of the economic struggle, from outside of the sphere of relations between workers and employers” (the people without being professional revolutionists which should lead the workers; violent revolution)\n\nAs you can see, Leninism clearly changes (revisions) true Marxism. This is a very important point as it defines how the change to communism would happen. So I would say Leninism brands itself as orthodox Marxism but they really aren't.
Cuba, democratic? Speaking as someone who actually has been there, and knows many Cubans, it's as realistic as calling Obama a Communist. Cubans have ZERO say in their government, with mock elections and no direct representation nor plebiscites.
How do you get anarchism as being under communism or socialism? Ever here of ancap? Anarchy is living without a government its freedom of association, economic freedom, not the forced redistribution of wealth
Very wrong !!! Base every Thing! \nAnarchist now are communist? \nAnarchist are liberal extremist!!! The opposite ! They want the end of state . The no central government. The private control.
I can help you with the Stalin x Trotsky thing if you want
I respectfully disagree with your info graphic.
Wonderful video. Sad that many commenters seem to be holding on to the idea that \"all communist governments/ societies have failed \"when you clearly explained in the video that communist societies would be stateless and money less and you could argue have therefore not existed in a pure form. Some people are stubborn to learning or hearing things that they've never heard before. Either way it was a great video. Keep it up. ????
sorry, you're erong about anarchism. it has similarities with communism, and socialism, mainly in economy, but very different view about in ideology and some economic questions too. for example taxation
can confirm as a dane. private enterprises are quite normal.\nwe're also a very centrist country that likes to pretend we have right and left leaning parties, but all largely does the same thing, to the point where a lot of people vote blindfolded as we get the same old government as always, which isn't bad at all.
and this is why capitalism is more efficient. no need for useless bureaucrats taking big cuts when redistributing wealth.\n\nits basic economics. you create a welfare state, you subsidize the poor, naturally everyhing you subsidize will grow and come more of. 30 years of central bank lending and inflation and you get the destruction of western civilization. \n\nty Karl Marx.
Forgot usually enforced at gunpoint
Idiot\n\nChinese government owns vast swaths of private industry. \n\nTaxation is a version of socialism. How can you not even touch on that. \n\nI am dumber after listening to you.
Idiot\n\nChinese government owns vast swaths of private industry. \n\nTaxation is a version of socialism. How can you not even touch on that. \n\nI am dumber after listening to you.
It's really stupid to let any government control anything. Free market or death.
so basically communism was never really done, I can accept that. \n\na classless and stateless society sounds nice and on paper communism sounds good. the problem though is the people that support communism. I've never seen a group of people with such a hard on against free speech. \n\nmaybe in the future when we have massive automation,(which is sooner than most think), it could work but right now probably not.\n\nsocial democracy might be a good idea till then though
Where does fascism go?
you should do a video on the multiple economics schools of thought like Austrian Chicagoin neoclassical classical Keynesian
why not niggarists?
Very good video, however I have a question if anyone could answer that would be lovely where does stalinism fit into this?
There is a huge problem about definition of ownership. As you even mentioned in the video, ownership of something is about making decisions about it. If you \"own\" a company, but government steals 50% of the production and dictates very strictly what and how you produce, what wages are, etc.. it's highly debatable who actually owns the company!
This is just a bunch of dictionary definitions devoid from any historical, economic or political knowledge. The way those ideologies have been grouped is highly misleading and extremely simplistic. Cuba is democratic? The Scandinavian countries are more capitalist than socialist? How can you possibly exclude tax rates and welfare spending from that description? \n\nBesides, the umbrella term of capitalism is an over-simplification as well. Where does Classical Liberalism fit into the picture? How about a distinction between collectivism and individualism?
Great video!!! thanks.. did you make a vídeo about the difference between lenninism trotskism etc?
The difference between Kentucky Fried Chicken and Chick-fil-A?\nThey are fried chicken. End of discussion.
Don't agree with your views but I liked the video!
only the rich, stupid, and brainwashed believe capitalism is a good idea, if you look at it with an objective and strategic mind, you can see that it is doomed to failure, it cannot succeed, with tech advances there will be less jobs, but population keeps growing, more people, less jobs, keep multiplying that shit out, tell me how long until you get to utter complete annihilation, it's coming, coming soon, murica's streets will run red with blood, it's the only logical outcome of capitalism
Eyyy är också svensk
private Business owners are NOT LIKE THAT. they do not want to unbenefit everyone.
very informative, thx
there are many diferent types of shit, but shit is still shit
you missed market socalism, mutualism, and syndaclism, but overall not a bad video, what you did cover you explained fairly well.
There all mental illnesses
I wouldn't say marxists and anarchists share a common goal but just by different means. The philosophical gap between both is huge. It's true they can work together sometimes - it happened in the Spanish Civil War, but they had a lot of trouble doing so -. Anyway, the whole idea of dealing with the terminological issues is well accomplished in the video. You just earned yourself a new sub. Greetings from Spain.
i wish i could revive Marx, so he can carry on with his works for them to reach their full-fledged form, not only being just an ideas on scraps of paper vulnerable for misconceptions and erroneous execution. I mean that they would really bring positive, visible, and executable outcome.
Finally someone who gets his definition right!
The definition of Socalism that I understand to be correct is that the means of Production, Distribution and Exchange are controlled or REGULATED by the society as a whole. Could you comment on that?
this guys accent sounds like a british person who lived in america for a long time. and he lives in sweden. im cofused,
I detect a little communism.\nI can see it in the things you do. Communism, socialism; call it what you like. There's a very little diffrence in the two.
Hey I was wondering if you could make a downloadable image out of the little infographic you made, would greatly appreciate it!
communist or marxist are also for the dictatorship of the proletariat anarchist dont like that
The non far left only state run all production and far right only private production are clear.\nMost nations have a mixed market social-capital economic systems.\nSome going further than others toward social than capital or more toward capital than social markets. \nThe best method to use to determine the make up of what should be collective and what is handled better under private production is the for profit motive which rationality is based on competitive market principles.  Those markets that violate most of or critically violates competitive market principles to the point that profit motive no longer provides the better results over a collective social market, then those sectors or parts of a sector should be held collectively to get better results. Better results meaning: cheaper prices, more supply, better quality, etc.  \nTextiles, food, appliances durable and non-durable, vehicles, vessels, aircraft, and some mining and refining both in retail an manufacturing portions are often best under private ownership; they may require some rules to fix weaknesses in their competitive market principles such as perfect knowledge (requirement for nutrition facts labels on processed/cooked foods).  Perhaps subsidies and environmental rules on mining and refining to meet economies of scale and to ensure externality costs of pollution are not bared by society at large only, but use the profits to cover those costs.  \nItems that grossly violate competitive market principles like fire services, police, legal, utilities including water, electrical distribution, sewer, ports, roadways, and healthcare via clinics hospitals, etc. that constitute a natural monopoly, difficult barriers to entry due to extreme economies of scale, huge externality costs/benefits, no available substitutes at even long run (20 to 30 years), and/or conflict of interest, collusion, dumping/price war, etc. should be highly regulated or simply collectively owned and operated; profit motive no longer working as they're not forced by competition to provide cheaper prices, better quality, more supply, etc. \nSome countries include more collective ownership than private.  \nExamples of differences:\nNorway has a nationalized (government owned) oil business called Statoil using its revenues and all profits toward growing the oil business and mostly to pay for various other programs like healthcare, education, and reserve for environmental issues like clean up due to the production of oil.  \n\nUS has no state owned oil company.  Some profits are taxed. But much of the taxes are passed onto the eventual buyer of the products.  Collecting smaller revenues for social services like lack of a universal healthcare services for all.  Less and less funding for higher education so students' tuition costs continue to rise. \n\nChina which has government owned steel and manufacturing facilities making things such as steel for pipes and buildings, often sell at profit losses; mostly to keep citizens pacified, using debt and tax collection to pay for the losses, eventually causing other nations' for profit motive business to go under; with the hopes that supply then gets cut that they will be able to charge more for their goods to then make a profit or at least break even.  At the detriment of other nations.\n\nEconomic distinctions should not be confused with government types: Republics, monarchies, constitutional monarchies, Republics, Theocracies,  Dictatorship, etc.\nAny of these types of governments can be totalitarian or libertarian (oppressive or liberal).  Saudi Arabia: absolute monarchy with social-capital mixed market economy with state owned oil company, other means of production on competitive sectors are privately owned; cited for many human rights violations and oppressive to women and non-Muslim, verging on a Theocracy.  \nChina: Republic, with currently a mixed market social-capital system; many competitive and non-competitive markets are state and privately owned; some are quasi co-ownership private and government such as private buy in stake into a government owned business. Also cited for large human rights violations, elections are layered between classes, with higher offices getting elected by representatives. An indirect democracy.  Oppression on freedom of speech, public opinions, and random arrests and quick non-transparent trials, convictions, and executions strike fear in even their own citizenry let alone condemnation from other nations with less oppression. \n\nGovernment types and economic types are often related. But they are different things.  The concepts of economics and governments are complex. And should be treated as so. Overly simplifying complexity is tantamount of ignoring reality and how to even deal with the complexity in the first place.  \n\nEssentially socialism and capitalism are meaningless jargon that have lost most of any useful definition.
Eh, I think quite a few anarchists would disagree with your definition of anarchism...\nAnarchism (an = no, and arch meaning king/ruler) is all about no one ruling over others.\nObviously with such values it's a ideology with a lot of different viewpoints about what exactly it is.\nFor instance some forms of anarchism believes that you can achieve such a world without a shared ownership of resources among other things essentially landing it on the capitalist side of the fence for some variants of anarchism and at  the very least outside communism for others.\nDon't mix up anarcho-communism as the only form of anarchism out there.\nEssentially if you look at politics as a multi-dimensional space with things like communism/capitalism on one axis anarchism and authoritarianism (like fascism) is on a totally different axis at a 90 degree angle to the capitalism/communism issue.\nAnd people on both sides of one axis can be on either side of the other axis.\nOf course there's way more then just two axis of politics, but using two helps demonstrate the relationship between the two in a way that is easier to visualize and comprehend for humans.\nAlso, while people on the economic left can be authoritarian and people on the economic right can be liberitarian there's a tendency towards a relationship going the other way for those two sides at least in modern politics in the western world.\nPossibly in part due to our tradition of comparing politics on a single line instead of using a multidimensional space.\n\nAlso, anarchism has long had a separate theoretical tradition as a foundation for the ideology that does not really overlap with communism, other then possibly at the very beginning of the two ideologies history.
\"Friendlier version of capitalism\"? Capitalism is the only meritocratic society out of everything you listed. What is friendlier than that?
\"Sveriges riksdag\" is the parliament. \"Sveriges regering\" would be the government
that shows you dont have any idea of what is not left-wing points of view
I'm an an-cap, but I would gladly convert if I had my own spaceship.
I don't think you can make socialism opposed to capitalism, because they are not found unmixed.  Bernie and Scandanavia are only a little more socialist than the Republicans.
Please do one on different types of capitalism next.  Or rather different economic systems with varying amounts of capitalism including social democracies.
Ok so where does fascism fit in on the spectrum? It is practically defined by class systems and does not work in classical marxist ways, as well as hating socialists, but\nYea theyre not capitalist either\nIts really hard to determine if they are far left of far right or a fusion of them both\n\nAnd also\nCan someone explain how national socialism can be a thing?\nThe two terms appear to be completely opposite of one another
Lennysm???? (?° ?? ?°)™(?° ?? ?°)™(?° ?? ?°)™
can anybody tell me what accent the speaker has?
Lol this made no sense
The difference is simple:\nCapitalism allows ownership of private property.\nSocialism allows less ownership of private property.\nCommunism allows no ownership of private property.
Interesting video with useful explanation. However I have one remark to this video. \n\nIt is a common misconception that in Star Trek is communism. It is not. In Star Trek the Federation is composed of over 150 member planets and each of them have its own economical system. In the scene presented in this video, cpt. Picard was summarizing how much things have changed over time and he was mostly refering to the system used on 24th century Earth. Star Trek never focused on economy, so we cannot say exactly what socio-economical system they use on Earth. However it is clear it doesn't fit the definition of communism. For example, we have seen in several episodes that there is private ownership on Earth and there are also private businesses.\n\nOn the diagram from this video, I would place the system used In ST on Earth somewhere in the middle, although it's difficult to place it anywhere because this diagram is relevant to todays world and not the future or the past.
You should put \"capitalist\" countries like the U.S. & U.K. on your chart to illustrate how far from pure capitalism they are with all their public roads, schools, pensions and such...
fantastic video!
I'm pretty sure the economy of Nazi Germany was mostly state owned
I'll take communism and socialism seriously when I find a communist/socialist that is not financially and economically illiterate. I was on a VIOP server with 20 communists for months, none could explain the labor theory of value or make sense of it. Further, they couldn't use examples with math for the labor theory of value, I'm assuming due to the fact that they, like Barbie thought 'Math Class is hard'.
PS: im into classic marxism, otherwise known as OG Marxism...;)\n\nOhh, also...i think Titoism also exists...;)
Russia, believe it or not still has a lot of state owned production sector. Not all, but a pretty sizeable amount of them are...
2:12: There are a lot in common. The state controlled or owned big companies, the cheap or free healthcare, the cheap or free education and the dictatorship.\n\n6:47: The original marxism doesn't believe in a transition. You're talking about the Marxism -Leninism(Stalinism), the ruler ideology of the ussr.
Hey, my college economy teacher defines himself as anarcocapitalist; wich is a capitalist without regulations like minimum wage or 8 hours shifts. You would need an ultra wide monitor to put that righter than capitalism
The United States of America falls into a far right capitalist ideology that should properly be referred to as \"Social Darwinism\". Under this ideology, many attempts to improve the standard of living for the average American are promptly dismissed as \"socialism\" by the prevailing social order. If one does not have the means to afford an education, healthcare, housing or otherwise contribute to mass consumerism, they are considered outcasts and are shunned by the social and political elites. The few social programs that exist do little to better the lives of those who most need it.
The Communist Can of Pesto!!!
Thank you!
You know the similarity? none of them work..
I barely know anything about politics so I am very confused
Karl Marx laziest dude who ever lived
Some thoughts:\n\nSo where Nazism fits in the picture? Most common explanation to Nazis persecution of Socialists and Communists is that they wanted to get rid of rivaling Socialistic/Labour parties (ref. German archives).\n\nWhy there is Leninism mentioned, but not Stalinism? USSR was upholding Stalinist, not Leninist tradition (but in name).\n\nAccording to German archives Bernstein, grounding father of Social Democracy, wanted banks to be owned by government, but Marx did not. Maybe due the fact that the latter was related to Rothschilds.\n\nChina has not been Communist since they reformed Maoism. The system in Russia is very similar nowadays. Is Putinism Socialism, too? In both countries you have to belong to The Party in order to get the perks.
I always hold respect to serious and rigorous Marxists (though I dissent). And this video can clarify several key concepts of the left wing movement, which is good, considering superficial show-offs of ideologies are rampant these days.
Although universal healthcare is nice on paper but in reality it doesn't work as planned like most things. Universal healthcare turns out like the US's VA which works but everybody hates it because it isn't \"friendly\" as a way of speaking. Whether you like it or not private industry keeps things efficient, effective, and it evolves to keep consumers satisfied (for the most part). It keeps things fair (for the most part) by paying high skill jobs more than low skill jobs, the reason why I say for the most part is
anarchists are literally the exact opposite as socialists.
Other than your obvious biases you are not even clear on what you're saying, for instance, \"other Scandinavian countries...like France\" France is not Scandinavian. This and other little lapses in intelligence and your constant use of direct definitions being placed on the screen and then read makes it abundantly clear you have about as much knowledge as a 5 minute Wikipedia reading session.
There are definately right wing anarchists out there as well, Laize Faire has some strong anarchist ideals at it's core for instance.
You got anarchism wrong I'm afraid. You described anarcho-communism, which is only one kind. anarcho-mutualists are socialists but not communists for example.
Pro Tip: Watch the video at 2x speed. You're welcome.
Cuba is democratic? Hahahahahahaha!
How do y'all feel about Strasserism
loved the video. would be more helpful to me if you didn't focus on relative definitions. I'm sure that's hard but when understanding one relies on the rest I feel like the explanation loses a bit.
you left out Stalinism and you didn't explain how the Nazis were socialist.  great video tho, I knew enuf to lump Stalinism next to Maoism, but still I thought if nitpick.  (id guess that Tito's communism would go in the same location as well).
Great! You just forgot to say that all ideas on the left don't work. Have a good day!
All systems are spooks and everything is mine.
China is more free market than for example most of western europe, no Social benefits etc, just no free speech, but FREER market than actual date Western markets
Thank you very much for this video. It's well put together and you were well spoken. Keep up the good work because you just earned a sub.
titoism is the best
It's pretty simple really, marxism leads to socialism, which always leads to communism. :^) on a serious note though, this video's pretty fuckin' bad.
Good video. \n\nNow, the right part of the table should be for libertarianism - that is, people who believe in free capitalism with no state production, nor state regulation (basically, capitalism unleashed). So I wonder where you'd put Fascism (or Corporatism) in there.
What about hippy utopia? Where does that fit in?
Nothing is ever paid by the government. It's always the tax payer who pays (or works in the case of a state-own company profits).
My economic views are to the right of Adam Smith, but I appreciate your table and your clarity.  Little you had said actually surprised me, but the table is a great visualization tool.  Thank you.
I prefer capitalism
Communism and socialism as economic systems failed. Ref. Basic Economics by Thomas Sowell.
Bernie Sanders does not call himself a Socialist. he calls himself a democratic socialist. you might say big deal. But it makes a bit of a difference.
Hahaha! Cuba a democracy, hahaha!\nYes, it's obvious you live in a Scandinavian country. I live in Latin America, and I can tell you Cuba is not at all a democracy.
Good video bro
\"...paid for by the government\".\n\nthat's a good one.
The difference is: Theyre all useless ideaologies.
what if all these ideas aren't bad and money is bad, let's all be one big sharing tribe
Pretty sure you can have a capitalistic form of anarchism. Like the term socialism, anarchism can encompass a broad range of ideological beliefs (including anarcho-communism).
I'm a communist and I have started using this to educate my friends on my ideals. Thanks mate!
So at 2:46 of this video I can't help but to contradict a little but according to the \"what the wages should be\"  I must point out that the average income of the US is $56000 a year or so and Cuba at $20 a month (check it out online google it) so how is socialist or communist governments supposed to be better again?
human nauture human nauture human nauture.\nnice vid, very educational and informative.
Haven't seen any \"Socialism doesn't work, look at Venezuela\" comments. Happy Times!
Interesting.  In social democracies, can we see increased government control via regulation and mandates as creep toward socialism?  Or in other forms of capitalism for that manner.  There definitely is a spectrum in capitalism ranging from totally free markets to regulated ones, to ones partially owned by the government.\n\nI was also thinking earlier about part of the problem with production in the hands of the workers as represented by the state is the potential for state backed lack of freedom on the part of the individual.  In other words, if the same state who makes the laws and maintains order through power controls your income, your access to goods, and the means to produce them in addition to a monopoly on force and... what recourse does an individual have against such an entity?  Or what about the ruled population as a whole, for that matter, when the government wields such control?  There would have to be an insanely stable, pure, and benevolent party in control for it not to go very badly.
I would say the meaning of words is how they are used. If a person uses a word how it has been used in every instance then they are fully correct. But, this may not always be so easy to do. So, there are different definitions of a word. This can be seen in any dictionary. Definition 1 Definition 1 a definition 1 b definition 2 and so on.
By definition, a country is at least partially socialist if some of its production (say electricity), distribution (say high-speed railway), and exchange (say stock exchange), are public/state owned.\n\nThe common logic fallacy, which is also present in this video, is to push \"socialism\" into extreme and consider anything that's not extreme socialism part of capitalism. Ironically, this is often a tactics used by those who want to push for extreme capitalism to smear the name \"socialist\".\n\nThe fact is there is never a clear cut between socialism and capitalism. Just as a country that allows privately owned businesses to operate cannot be fully socialist, one that provides public services and production cannot be fully capitalist.
Dude, do some research about every these ideologies before you post a video on them, I'm socialist after a year of research, I'll know, and this is VERY poorly researched, even your def. for it is wrong. Socialism is a society where there is no money, except with foreign trade, and everyone is equal in power and class, so yes Sweden, Denmark, and Finland are the closest to socialist countries you can currently find. Socialism, as such, can fit with literally all forms of gov. (It's obvious that your a capitalist and not a socialist
This is the most either arrogant or innocent thing you could say. So you're better than Lenin, Stalin, Mao, Polpot out Castro. Of course is the same thing. Any postmodernist knows they belive in Marxism.
So basically, Scandinavian countries just opened up a few businesses to generate money for the state, and provide some employment to it's citizens, I'm assuming because of economic necessity, and idiots in America think that makes those small countries socialist?
Bernie got schlonged by Hillary's massive shaft.  Did you see his face at the DNC? That said it all.
Cuba. A democracy. They get 3.5/10 on the democracy index, making them a fully authoritarian country. They're #128 overall, making them the 39th most dictatorial regime on Earth. \n\nYeah, I'm going to say Cuba isn't a democracy.
They should probably re-name 'Social Democracy' to something like 'Capitalist Marxism' to avoid confusion.
2:46 great mistake, in both the quote should be \"as low as possible to keep people working and without power or time to strike\" But in capitalism wages are just like one more price, depending on supply/demand
Dong Energy is not a state-owned company anymore and is funnily enough the root of a major scandal and lots of ideological discussions regarding capitalism and social democracy in Denmark (it got sold pretty cheaply to Goldman Sachs).
Not all anarchists are communists. Anarcho-collectivists like Bakunin, Mutualists like Proudhon, and Anarcho-Syndicalists like Chomsky are merely socialists, while people like Kropotkin are Anarcho-Communists.
I used to be a pretty big believer in socialism. \n\n\n\n\n\nBut now I have a job.
3:11 that is not true, Nazi Germany did not have a capitalist system, the economy was controlled or influenced by the government.
This is pretty good. Nice job.
That's crazy how you didn't have an accent until you said you were from Sweden
Hello @azureScapegoat. It's a great vid. How would you classify North Korea, Venezuela and Ecuador?
how do you explain the Labour Parties in England & the Labor Party in Australia, are they democratic socialists or a hybrid?
Awesome video. I would only like to state that you put anarchism as only a communist idea, when some classical anarchist visions of anarchism, such as mutualism and collectivism were socialist, but not communist ideas.
Anarchy is taking capitalism to its extreme. Anarcho communism can only exist voluntarily within an anarcho capitalist \"system.\"\n\nIf its not voluntary and done by consensus, its not anarchy. Get that fantasy shit out of your head.
Now lets have a video on total anarcho capitalism.
I love communism now!\n\n\n\n\n\njk I've already loved it before.\nGood video.
Socialism = mass murder
anarchist don't count as any of these things they believe in the absence of government
This video is actually genius!
Socialism still sucks. Get your hands off my property.
You know you did at least a decent job when an ancap such as myself thinks this video got it's definitions straight.
I think you should have been clearer about how the USSR was actually an oligarchy with communism only in name to excuse the rationing of resources to the broad population. It never was communist of even close to being it. It had clear classes, the high-level party members, the party members, the masses and the political opponents, same for Mao's China. Communism by definition rejects that kind of distinction and oppression on specific groups as it creates different classes of citizens.\n\nOh, and there are multiple types of anarchism, the mad max type where anything goes and the organized society where there are rules to follow (like no murder, no rape, and pillage) but no political class to decide it, no money and no frontiers or other societal constructs that limit individual rights.) Actually, some libertarians are close to Anarchism in their values.
can you put the thumbnail somewhere in your webpage? is really awesome and usefully. thanks for the video really interesting
Ok, but in North Korea, the community has no control over the economy, the state does. So what would they be classified as?
where would feudalism be on that chart?
Please explain me like I'm 5, why capitalism differs from socialism. Isn't capitalism just the method of an entity reinvesting capital into its capital generating source?
So marxism is idealism?
u didnt mention the DPRK
Many people call Russia socialist, oh boy...
Errr... nope, anarchism is not communism.\nOf course anarchism is a \"comunitarian\" ideology, but it's not  marxist and not comunist.
I'd call myself centre-right and do therefore not agree with your personal standpoint, but your explanation is on point. Like.
I can't see how anarchism can coexist with socialism, in an anarchist society how will anyone enforce socialism? a person or group of people can just as easily start their own capitalist enterprise or found a libertarian society within a larger nation without a governing body to tell them otherwise.
aren't the Scandinavian countries socialistic capitalism ?
Left V Right is easier understood in terms of freedom from the state.
classless, stateless moneyless and common ownership of the means of production
taxation without representation is what all the socialist have in common.
Communism is stateless...therefore not socialist statism
Thanks for this great work. In my opinion, Karl Marx would like society to become anarchy : stateless, moneyless, classless. Am I wrong ?
I always thought anarchy was the goal of libertarianism.
Ahh, the definition argument.  The dictionary definitions of Socialism, Communism, etc. do not match modern English usage.  Cuba is Communist.  China is more-or-less socialist, but tending towards less.  Sweden and Denmark are Democratic-Socialist, but much richer than China, so comparing social safety nets is a waste of time.  The Nazis were just totalitarians, and we don't care what they called themselves.  The Soviets were more-or-less Communist, the way that the Cubans are.  In modern usage Commmunist means exactly what the presenter's definition of Socaialist says.  Capitalist is more-or-less what the USA does.  Socialist and Democratic-Socialist are in between.  Problem solved.
4:00 subtle USSR shilling.
hermes staff instead of the staff of asclepius SAD!!
Go to North Korea for you. :)  Maoism is orthodox, haha. Read some craps he said.
Nice video, but you failed to mention that nobody ever actually achieved communism(the classless society part to be exact) . Czechoslovakia was close but still not there. Therefore no country should be marked as communistic.
You were a bit iffy about Anarchism but still a helpful video!
\"elected representatives.... in Cuba\"!!!\nHAHAHAHAAHAHAHAHAHAAHAHAHAAHAHAHAAHAHAAAHAHAHAHA\nthis video is funny
came here to let you know that anarchy isn't a left wing position\n\nthere's a variety of types of anarchy
>cuba\n>democracy\n\npick 1
sees anarchism on the socialist side in the thumbnail\ninstant dislike
how about fascism?
Claiming that China has a mainly Capitalist economy is completely false, as over half of the economy is still state owned. In China, we consider the complete public ownership of the means of productions (which would then create a classless nation other than the government) as Communism, the complete private ownership of the means of production as Capitalism, and the half-way point as Socialism. Note, this only works in China under the Maoist based branch of Socialism that has now been transformed to \"Socialism with Chinese characteristics\". \n\nOne of the points of Maoism was that there can be classes, 4 of them to be specific: the working class, the peasantry, the urban petite bourgeoisie and the national bourgeoisie. The idea that there not only can be classes, but that the bourgeoisie can be tolerated is what I would say makes Maoism unorthodox Marxism. The privatization of the means of production only works under two categories, the first being that one person can not own a significant portion of the means of production (which is a terribly vague concept and has been abused under Deng and Jiang), or the control of the government over private companies (the threat that the government could always take over or have more influence than the owner). The existence of these (which they still do exist, though it took a lot of grey areas to keep this going) would indicate that China still follows the Maoist principles laid out in the founding of the PRC, thus is still Socialist. \n\nWhether or not the CCP wants to move towards Communism, that has yet to be seen.
Economy and politics aren't the same topic, a reminder if you view the comments.
Can you make a video on capitalist ideologies aswell? This was very educational, even for someone who already loved politics and economy.
I would file \"Leninism\" under \"Revisionist Marxism,\" because Marx believed that Communism had to happen in an industrial state, and Russia was not industrialized. It's just an observation. I'm in no way an authority on this subject.
As Margaret Thatcher once said, \"The problem with socialism is that you eventually run out of spending other people's money.\"
Next video explain the difference between shit, feces, and diarrhea
I'm from Sweden. Sweden in political terms is quite socialist or have been. Bernie and Olof Palme describe themselves as democratic socialist. It is different in political terms. Sweden compared to the USA is socialist asf. health care, school funding, social security etc are much better ante actually available in Scandinavia
can someone explain to me in short but specific why comunisme are hated by majority of people in the world ? especially for US people ?
Anarchism is not further left then Marxism ...
wow revolutionairy socialists don't participate in elections because they are capitalist, what a great way to establish a undemocratic dictatorship
My Comrade will kill you.. Can of Pesto FUKK YOU
Love him or hate him, Castro made cuba Great.
I don't like your smug tone
Fuckin commies
Me and my friend are both communists , but he is a anarchist and I am kind of a classical Marxist. I appreciate this video showing the difference.
1.you have a very romantic view of Cuba\n2.video is too condensed
The difference between communists and other socialists is not on the goal (in theory) but on the means : socialists want to use reform and elections and communists want revolution.
less than a minute in, and you cite Marx claiming that people don't understand the distinctions between Communism and Socialism. Another minute in, and you talk about how China calls itself Socialist. You neglect to mention that its run in a one party system, and that single party that is in power calls itself the Communist Party of China. You might actually think that there is a reason that Communism and Socialism is conflated by the \"ignorant hicks from the country.\" It might be because political and academic elites have deliberately conflated Communism and Socialism to cause confusion and disenfranchise those \"ignorant hicks from the country\" by dominating the political discourse through obfuscated language.
What even is this, anarchism is communism?
Still like capitalism better
This video is so simple it is more wrong than right
star trek is communist propaganda?
I believe we should make edible money, like on seaweed. Not sure why, just because
Well national socialism should probably be seen as a completely different system from socialism as there doctrines are very different.
kommer du från varberg?
The best way for the governor to rape and murder without being prosecuted is the fuxking China so called communism. Women is nothing in China and used by the governor as sexual bait for other countries and the citizens have no right to revoke, either live or die. And the best part is the 1.3 billions volunteers slavery today still support their fuxking governor for wrong things doing to China is by the Western countries. The US and Europe are all evil and they want China to die and disappear. A stupid government creates idiot citizens and of course a stupid country.
I think the anarco capitalist might point out a slight flaw in this diagram
Calling anarchism a form of socialism makes very little sense. Socialism is about the means of production being controlled by the people( democratic government,) like for instance universal health care or the military, the police. Anything that produces anything, especially services that benefit society, like health services. The opposite of this would be letting social services like health care be run by private individuals. Privatization is usually a product of capitalist ideologies but taken to the extreme where nothing is controlled through democratic government(the people) you would get a society where everything is run by private individuals, this would be called anarchism. In that sense, anarchism is specifically an extreme form of capitalism, not socialism. Last point: The USSR were not strictly speaking socialist. They called themselves that but they where really a dictatorship, a dictatorship by definition can't be socialist because how are the services controlled by the people if they aren't controlled by the people? We all know these people call themselves socialist, but as Chomsky so humorously pointed out, the USSR also called themselves democratic, so maybe we should take what they called themselves with a grain of salt. lol
FUCKING COMMIES THIS IS 'MURICA!
its funny how wrong and deluded this video is.
One thing though - while individuals can use words incorrectly,  societies cannot. Sweden is socialist because the word socialist has changed from it's original meaning to a mixed economy that leans to the left.
I have a question about a moneyless society.  If people no longer accumulate wealth and just better ones self, how can one better their own family?  I understand how 100% tax rates better society.  But, humans are family orientated, not a colony of ants (which happen to be a single family anyway).  So, if you can't accumulate anything, your own children will be no better off than a strangers children.  I suppose there would have to be some sort of abandonment of the family and let the state raise the children.  Any videos on the subject of a moneyless society being better than capitalism would be appreciated.
Great explanation! Than you so much
Where is Lysenkoism on this?
We can make a religion out of this
What most people don't understand is that Bernie Sanders isn't socialist/social democratic at all. In fact he's not even left wing. By European standards, he's central right but the US is such a right wing extremist country that he in their eyes is the same as the Bolsheviks  when he in fact just uses common sense. You as a swede should understand what I mean by saying that Sen. Sanders is more right-wing/capitalist than the Moderate party or the Christian democratic party (KD 2018 förresten).
This has replaced wwii as the pseudo intellectual topic of choice. Internet comment board sociologists love these out dated dramatic labels because they're loud and hyperbolic. None of this is real. It's backed by no evidence or study and can't be measured or calculated. They're just words community college drop outs and teenaged atheists use to argue with each other.
Sorry, but you misspelled \"nature\".
Star Trek I'm afraid isn't a good explanation for Communism. It's still contains class. Money has been ruled out for some people's lives, not all. Do to replicators and easily available amenities people can live lives without money b/c cheap production. There is a meritocracy in that those who preform better in society are promoted to different levels, .ie if your good at cooking you can be a restaurant owner because people will actually eat your food and you enjoy cooking. And in fact people do have money (but not needed) to spend on going to places or buying ships or something. A social democracy but the rights the state guarantees are further in that they uphold pleasure, well-being, and entertainment. It's similar to saying Brave New World by Aldous Huxley is communist. I would gander at saying imperial storm troopers are in a communist system? The peoples temple cultists?
This sounds like pure propaganda.  Though, you tried to entice to viewer into believing all the good points of  Socialist, Communism and etc, you forgot to tell them what a true clusterfuck it is for the masses.  Lack of food and medical treatment for all, except the party leaders!  Self sacrifice to the point of death for millions upon millions!  No choice in anything, the government tells you were to live, what your job will be, where you can go.  Its no wonder people in these backward counties are trying to get out.
What does pesto have to do
Why so many dislikes? I think it's a fairly accurate simplification of something which is obviously much larger, complex and controversial... Kudos to the uploader, takk takk
You should use a political spectrum with has four sides: Left economics parallel to Right economics, and Freedom parallel to Authoritarianism.\n\nCommunism can you find heavily on the authoritarian side and slightly on left side. \nSocialism can you find on the left side, but between freedom and authoritarian.\nLibertarian can you find on freedom side, and often to the right side.\nConservative can you find on the right side between freedom and authoritarian.\nFascism can you find near communism but is placed slightly on the right side.
but if there is no money how do i get my samsing galaxy s300
Thanks ! So I'm a peacefull democratic communist revisionist marxist socialist. That sounds great.
Y'all forgetting about anarcho-capitalism, which doesn't make capitalism better, just makes anarchism worse
Anythig but Anarchocapitalism is socialism, and is also imoral and unethical
can you do one on Peronism?
Actually, Scandinavians are capitalists since they are Social Democrats. The difference is that even though Social Democrats still try to have some state ownership most of the enterprise is privately controlled. In the other hand, Socialists see capitalism as incompatible with freedom and equality. If you wonder what's your political ideology I recommend a really great app called Vote 1- Political Spectrum
Bra video kamrat!
The Anarchism is totally incompatible with socialism, the socialism needs a great state, and the anarchism does not.
why chavez needed to exist?
how about north korea's jurche?
Nazi had a free market? really?
China is more of a state capitalist system.
This video is awesome
Just wondering, but what did you get in history GCSE if you did it? Totally random question ahaha
Anarchism is not about a world without law
this is a great introduction video! What I disagree with is that social democrats are by definition capitalistic. Historically social democrat is the term for democratic socialist who want to achieve a socialist society by the means of reformism. While it is true that most social democrats today aren't actually socialists, I find it important to note that there are many actual socialists in social democratic parties.\n\nAlso I would argue that anarchiam is too broad of a term to just put in the category of communism, since there are many anarchist that arent arent actually communist or even socialist.
I would describe Norway, Sweden and Denmark as Social Democrat.\n\n\nEDIT: I wrote this before watching the entire video
\"now we will truly make comunism\" Fidel in a speech
I use to live in Cuba and they call them selves comunist wich is what they are
well explained
This was a good video, I am not a Socialist myself but I study political science
Would China fit in the category with all those SOEs?
this is allot of spin
Skip to 9:45 for the differences. You can watch the whole video for a more in-depth definition of each (which I highly recommend) but it's up to you. btw, you're welcome.
I think you have confounded socialism and communism. In socialism, is the society comes before the individual. The latter must put the interest of the former in first place. It has profound implications and leads to different conclusions.
????? ????, ??, ???????????????? ?????
Trotskyism is best form of communism
Essay on different types of government gives me headache last semester! Never look back
Bernie never calls himself a socialist. He always calls himself a democratic socialist. He corrects the journalists that call him a socialist every time I've seen an interview from him.
I think only the means of food, transportation, electricity, basic hygiene products should belong to the government
There are some other forms of communism older than marx but it's not such a big of a deal.
The nazis where fascist
\"replacing the Mad King before him\" 1:30
saying a nation is not socialist because the state only owns a few means of production (companies)  doesn't really make sense and I think is a poor way to measure it.\n\nI think a more accuraute way of measuring it would be based on the amount of tax. There might as well not be a difference between \"owning\" your company and the state owning it if the state is taxing you at insane rates. all that means is they will let you pay to start it and take the risk while taking the majority of your production via taxes to redistribute what you have produced.
Would DeLeon's and Debs' ideas be Orthodox Marxism?
very well and clearly made. love the summary
but I can't stand when people call others Facists -_- does anyone even know what that is?
state owned does not mean community owned or controlled. It just moves choice further away from people so that instead of making purchase/spend decisions every day, you can only make voting decisions every couple of years. socialist economies have much less liberalism (choice) for people than free market, regardless if they are both democracies or not
B-but muh true communism is impossible
Bernie sanders thinks breadlines are a good thing.
when you say paid for by the government, you know you mean paid for by the taxpayer.
Some people, specially conservatives, try to bring socialism whenever there is a dictatorship. But they never explain what they consider a right-wing dictatorship.
I somewhat liked the video, from someone being an ex-commie, I disliked some wording and slides in the video because it seemed like you were being somewhat opinionated in the video at some points, which is you are entitled to do so, I just didn't click the video to watch opinions. I would like to see you do a video on the communist schools of thought and the anarchist schools of thought, but it would be appreciated, from me at least, if it was strictly educational. Great video none the less.
social democracy is not a capitalism lols
The graph was the best part, I was so lost before the video Know I understand alot more after watching this..
actually anarchist are divided into 2 groups, ancom and ancap groups. ancom is the communist one and ancap is on the other side.
'But Stalin.' Because historical examples of how governments operated is important too.
Socialists, Communists, Democratic Socialists, Social Democrats who are actually Capitalists... My head won't stop spinning! HELP!
Communism is \"The Borg\"
when you say \"Anarchism\" do you actually mean \"Anarcho-Communism/Socialism\" because anarchy is not Communist or socialist, it can't be if the collective is the governance its governance, Anarchy has no governance only individual mutual agreements. I wish Communists would just be honest and call themselves communist.
Fam, did you just say Cuba was a democracy? Could you elaborate on that please
As much as I despise almost everything born from Marx and loathe with the up most contempt how the post-modernists have twisted it and made it even worse, this video was very informative and interesting. It's quite funny actually I used to be a hard core anarchist a few years ago, then I encountered an ex-KGB agent called Yuri Bezmenov and made an effort to learn about the history surrounding all the various manifestations of socialism. Needless to say I would rather destroy all my belongings of value, commit Harikari on my; dog, sister, and partner before loading myself up with high explosives and killing as many innocent people as possible just so that wouldn't have to endure the shit show that is socialism.
Social democracy is probably the best way to go, but Americans are so afraid of anything that could even remotely be considered socialism that they reject it.\n\nCold War propaganda continues to fuck shit up
How about Felgelism?\nforgive me im just telling a joke.
Socialism is anti-capitalistic, capitalism is anti-socialism. Woah! :)
cina is communist, and is self proclaimed to be such
It starts at 3:17
Hey can you make a video like this but include the whole political spectrum?
By the end of the day, the ideas and values that people commonly associate with socialism are true in the Scandinavian countries. So not to get too poetic, but I feel the classic \"that which we call a rose, by any other name, would still smell as sweet\". Even if technically Bernie is wrong in his terminology, the point he is trying to get across to the American people is best communicated by using the word \"socialism\".
I like this video and find it to be constructive in tone. I don't know how helpful the info is, even if I want it to be. The video is not a history lesson, by any stretch, but sort of a bibliography/summary of a small selection of texts? Moving on, a comment:\n\n  A commonality in all decent arguments against Socialist ideologies is \nthat they fail to account for corruption. Of course nobody seems to have solved the issue of corruption, neither have Capitalists. \n\n  Nonetheless, I wouldn't go forward without at least keeping it in the \nback of my mind that corruption is a problem and could completely \nunhinge my idea of a perfect state, were it given the chance. When we \nthink of how nice it could be, we have to realize that corruption does \nnot in fact stem from a Capitalist state or culture, but from a big part\n of human nature itself. \n\n  You haven't made paradise by just \nchanging the system. The beginning of any solution, I think is to \ndisplace corruption and to discourage it using carrots and not sticks, \nso to speak. A culture (or cultural force or component) that emphasizes \nand values the positive aspects of human nature would go a long way \nregardless of the system. \n\n  In summary, I do not oppose socialism, but I oppose the dishonest way in which we wind up entertaining our ideas of socialism.
Great explanation as an introduction, but I'm still a right wing capitalist.
Society is not divided into 2. Instead it is divided into 4:Communism,Liberalism, Fascism and Anarchism.
4:42 So the percentage is pretty much a rough estimate?\n\n10:57 Human *nature\n\nGood video though!
I had my doubts.\nThen, anarchism was deemed to be an ideological branch of communism.\n\nC'mon lads, this video is clearly revesionist bullshit. They have nothing to do with each other ideologically and even fought each other in the spanish civil war.
Marxism appears to have many similarities to religion, in this case it echoes the way Christianity has split into many different sects. Catholicism spawned Protestantism etc. Communism spawned Socialism etc. Islam, Hinduism and Buddhism have a similar branching taxonomy.
Damn, I never thought Cubans looked so... stcik figury.
How the hell is communists stateless
Isnt Luxemburgism democratic socialism tho
Great video, thanks!
5:15\n\nI have a very sexy-learning disability. What do I call it kif?
the video was confusing and i didnt really draw any conclusions from it, so i went to your website, most of what you wrote seemed to be make belief. but your video production and website quality was on point. top marks for effort
Fuck you, american idiots! U have no idea of how is to live in a socialist country! U LIVE IN THE COUNTRY THAT IS A DREAM FOR SO MANY PEOPLE IN SOUTH AMERICA. IF YOU WANT SOCIALISM, WHY DON'T U COME TO VELEZUELA??
Good video, it's good to get these vague definitions cleared
Thanks for not repeating that nonsense about \"socialist\" Scandinavian countries. It's one of these annoying fantasy stories that try to discredit studies that show the high productivity of capitalist countries. Denmark even has a school voucher system; it's just absurd to call them socialist.\n\nBut placing anarchists under socialists? How do you explain anarcho-capitalists? If an anarchist doesn't establish anything to block trade, aren't they pretty clearly capitalistic?
oh, nicely done, and presented neutrally, subbed!
Great video
Actually, The Norwegian government owns about 55% of the economy.
I don't think I fit into experts nor beginners in socialism. I have no political education, but my ideas and ideologies are pretty advanced. Even so, I haven't read any communist literature, and I have no plan to. Because, while it's probably interesting, it doesn't matter if you have your own system.
Do one for explaining liberalism, libertarianism, free market, capitalism, anarcho-capitalism, etc, etc!
Star trek is many things, but I would say stateless is not one of them. Consider that in the first episode of TOS, the federation still has a death penalty for a certain crime.
The problem of course with Cuba as a socialist state is how Democratic it isn't.\n\nSee, the thing is, Cuba has had a sum total of one free election for head of state. Fidel Castro ran the country for decades with only a limited democracy that could not oppose his dictatorial control.
When socialism fail but it's OK because it wasn't real socialism but your ideology fails but it's OK because it wasn't real socialism but your ideology fails but it's OK because it wasn't real socialism but your ideology fails but it's OK because it wasn't real socialism but your ideology fails but it's OK because it wasn't real socialism
Has anyone else caught the MAAAAAAAASSIVE Futurama reference?
so is communism theoretically a limit where the GINI coefficient approaches zer0? and why is it that everytime someone explains these subjects the point is made that there are no real communist countries?
anarchism is actually liberal capitalism, no where near socialism or communism. anarchism is similar to nature. no law. you can do what you want, when you want. it is ultimate freedom. obviously this comes with a few problems, like murder being legal. but  anarchists argue that if murder was legal, people still would not murder. similar to how banning abortion doesn't actually lower the rate of abortion. people still do it illegally.
Because pure Socialists and pure Capitalists are all too evil. so we have to find the balance........That's why nobody called themselves \"Pure Socialists\" or \"Pure Capitalist\" Even the Nationalists is also very bad. Though what they really want to do is only to preserve themselves (Country).
Very nice video, I really enjoyed it! I have two questions: Do you have a video syndicalism, and if not can you make one? And two, are you from sweden?
You did a good job camarade ??
I hold mostly conservative viewpoints and this helped a great deal, thanks for the video.
Social Democrats FTW
What do you do for a living, if i'm allowed to ask.\n\nYes I do find the argument, that you made at 10:46 and presented rather mockingly as if it's has SUCH an obvious answer, quite compelling.\nShould janitors earn the same as Doctors?\nI am not as educated as you in this topic and have not yet gone through your website, but could you (or someone equally as knowledgable) give me a short rundown?\nI mean why should i go through hell to major or even do my doctorate in engineering or medicine, when i'm not gonna get compensated for it. One can hope that people will take on harder professions simply because of passion, but that does seem like a little bit of wishful thinking.\n\nI am not trying to 'disprove' your viewpoint or anything, just looking to get some insight into a topic i've come to find really interesting.\n\nEDIT : Nevermind, i read the article on your website. Fantastic read!
Study economics, they are all command economies.  Where the government controls production rather the  consumers. Simple, easy to understand. Simple matter of amount of government control.
Nazis weren't socialist C'mon they are clearly fascists
Great content, The like-dislike ratio is probably due to the Free Speech warriors from kekistan
I think socialist is something you could be a bit of or a lot, like \"this country is more socialist than that one. From a perspective of America, Sweden is socialist for example. It's a spectrum from totally free market to communism
I don't see how anarchism can be considered a form of communism, or even a left wing ideology. \nAnarchism by definition demands no kind of rule, not even democratically elected rule.\nAnarchism is more cooperative-individualism than collectivism. \nTrue anarchism would be extreme right-wing-libertarianism.
4:20 dong energy ( ?° ?? ?°)
Just because a country describes itself as socialist doesn't make it socialist. North Korea calls itself socialist and we all know that isn't true.
Very lacking.
SOCIAL-DEMOCRACY ARE PRO-CAPITALISM, THAT WAS FUNNY.
I prefer Austrian economics, the only real »theory« of capitalism. In capitalism it is up to the people whether they demand something good or bad. Socialists, Marxists and other critics, however, blame it on the corporations, although they are only serving their customer's wishes. It's also a giant myth that is prevalent in so many people's minds, that workers are exploited, because entrepreneurs and employers only care about their profits. First, if people demand non-profit-oriented goods (such as flowers seeded by disabled people), then this poses a demand and therefore aggregate will change … again: profit. But would you call disabled people selling flowers ruthless or heartless profit-making? Second, if the employer does not treat his employees well enough, then they are free to change employer. Why? Because capitalism means freedom of contract, therefore there is no law in the world (except the society regards such as a prerequisite for its lawfulness) to hinder a person to offer better conditions of employment. Then there are also people who acknowledge this at least, but object: Capitalism has an intrinsic need for shortage of supply, for rationalization, for hardship. Therefore, the argument goes, we need representatives of various sectors to decentralize information and to bring about an informed society, where the danger of unemployment or hunger will be averted (although this attempt does not seek solution in the state). This argument can easily be refuted, I think: Why should I join a company that might soon be outdone by competition ? And if I can't predict that? Well, you should know: Either you choose a branch of business where change is not so rapid or you hope for a competitor to set its roots next to your home, so that you don't have to move. Or you apply to another firm. In the end, it's life: There is no perfect answer to what might possibly happen; however, capitalism is the best framework for society of all the bad ones that exist – at least that I know of so far. I did not quite understand yet the Social Threefolding by Rudolf Steiner, so this might actually be an alternative for capitalism, but so far capitalism definitely is an alternative for all the Socialist/Marxist/Statist systems.
Great video
Can you do same table for capitalism?
Åh hej, en till göteborgare?
My own version of keeping it apart was: Socialism is the spectrum, Marxism the ideas, communism the system. But I still learnt further distinctions so thanks.
The difference between communism and socialism is that communism is international and without currency.  The difference between socialism and fascism is that, in fascism, instead of a command economy, the economy is a highly regulated, highly taxed semi-free market.  Countries like Sweden are more fascist, economically, than socialist.  Your \"social democracy\" is basically fascism.
Great video. Thank you for this.
what is trotskyism and lenninism?
3:55\nI love how you snuck a hammer and sickle in there, you communist ;-)
Now we have Globalism a comunal social pooverty in a fascism regimen dressed like a liberal democracy.
Good video!
usually, countries ruled by \"communist party\" would have a \"socialist\" economy, and \"socialist party\" would have an \"social-capitalist\" economy, why? because it's the name of the party does not dictate the current state of the nation it ruled, but rather the direction it is trying to move the nation towards, hense, sweden, denmark, and nazi germany would govern a country with a free market. bernie sanders's ideology and belief falls into democratic socialism, but to deal with reality his policies would have to be social democratic, or even squarely in \"capitalism\", why, because reality don't conform to ideologies.
Not an expert here but I question whether a country can be called socialist when the ruling, and really only valid political party calls itself the Communist Party of China (CPC). Though their recent endeavors as a country have been pretty capitalist
Amazing video
The Nazis never called themselves Socialists. And they had a Mixed Market, where the government had legal control of your business, but it's yours in all sense except the legal/official sense. The \"Socialist\" part was basically a marketing campaign. By the time World War II kicked off, they were openly totalitarian and nationalist.
State-controlled / state-organized economy will only work if the people are the state. \n\nSo for me, communism will only work in combination with any type of democracy.
Scandinavia, where people can be socialist because they live in a capitalist utopia :3
I think you've missed something in the title: Marxism, Leninism, Stalinism and Various Types of Socialism
I don't know what makes me want to smash my head in more; the video or the comments.
Just seen someone call the British Labour party marxist-leninists. It made me want to slam my dick in a microwave
Just the problem with the USSR Pepole think It's communitist bit It's sosilist (sorry IF wrong spelling
Oh well and I tought socialism was the thing bettwing Capitalim and Comunism :P
Comrade bernie
There all trash. Monarchy for the win!
I may be a capitalist pig, but I can still appreciate how informative and objective this video is. You earned yourself a thumbs-up, mate!
4:20 dong energy
Slightly tenuous saying that Anarchists fall under the Socialist Umbrella. Some do, though some are fully capitalistic
Already a massive error, technically Marxism is Scientific Socialism the term is VERY vague and Marx himself never explained much regarding Scientific Socialism he may have laid out the foundations for it but he never wrote the idea, Engels did however go into more details, read Socialism: Utopian and Scientific by Engels.\nAnd Socialism is not a vague term, a MASSIVE error once again.\n\nThere is Utopian Socialism which is all fancy and visionary but it has absolutely no grounding in the material conditions of society.\nThen there is Scientific Socialism which does have grounding in the material conditions of society, its scientific and practical.\n\nThese are the only two forms of Socialist genres if you like that exists, then there is sub categories like in Utopian Socialism you may have Agrarian Socialism, French Socialism and Anarchism.\n\nIn Scientific Socialism you have sub categories like Marxist-Leninism, Trotskyism, Juche, Syndicalism to some extent and so on, there are of course TON more but I wont name them all since there so many.\n\nSocial Democracy is just Capitalism, period.\nIts a golden rule that for Socialism to exist there must be a plan and private property abolished, without private property you cannot have Capitalism either.\n\nThese two are a MASSIVE contradictions that people cannot seem to wrap their tiny heads around, you cannot have private property and then Socialism at the same time, its a contradiction likewise with Capitalism, you cannot have market economics without private property its basically the fundamentals of a market. \n\nStop reading shady websites, read some proper fucking books like the one I listed.
i dont  understand
LET'S BE CLEAR , SOCIALISTS WILL ALWAYS SAY \"IT JUST HASN'T BEEN DONE CORRECTLY\" OR \"IT'LL BE DIFFERENT THIS TIME\" , BUT WE CAN JUST LOOK AT ALL THE TIMES IT'S BEEN TRIED(COMMUNIST, NAZI,FASCIST,AND A FEW OTHERS) LATEST VERSION IS IN VENEZUELA... IT'S A PARASITE, THAT FEEDS OFF OF CAPITALISM(AKA LIBERAL DEMOCRACIES, WITH FREE TRADE, AND PROPERTY RIGHTS)!!!!!!!
what about Syndicalism
What's your favourite form of communism?
I had an idea for a system, I don't know exactly were it fits in, or if it already exists, and It is actually somewhat simple.\n\nI will describe it as detailed as i can.\n\nHere is sort of the process to achieve this system. \nCongress passes a law preventing companies from firing employees on the basis that they are part of an industrial union.\nCongress then passes a secret bill that creates an industrial union secretly run by the government.\nWith this new industrial union formed workers from all markets join it.\n\nThe industrial union controls everything pertaining to the economy, it prevents companies from paying low wages by threatening to move all of its workers to other companies and dismantling it.\nCompanies that benefit society more then others will have more workers given to it and will be given more gov't funds.\nCompanies that don't benefit society as much will lose workers and be given less gov't funds. (This is to keep competition and development of technology.)\nWorkers can work there way up like in a capitalistic society but as they get higher up they lose political power.\nThe Industrial Union would also be funded with taxes (Of course).\n\nIn this society a Billionaire would be allowed to keep his wealth but not be able vote or run for office.\nA middle class person would not be allowed to run for office but would be allowed to vote. (Or maybe the other way around)\nA working class person would be allowed to vote and run for office.\n(I'm calling this \"Class Compromise\")\n\nThis is currently all I have. I haven't defined what would happen for small businesses yet.\n\nIf anyone has an idea on how I could  \nimprove this system please tell me.\n\n\nI haven't come up with anything to prevent billionaires from paying its workforce large sums of money to revolt so the billionaire can get political power back.\n\nIf anyone has an idea what to name it that would be nice to.
Note: Dictatorship of the proletariat, is a misleading name to call it. It is simply just when the workers rule.
Thanks a lot for the video, subbed. My eclectic, unfocused ass has been looking for exactly this. Gonna check out that website. Cheers
I liked the ad
There's this dumb organization called SPGB that defines Socialism as the Communist Society and that unless the transition goes exactly the way Marx THEORIZED, NOT DEMANDED, it isn't Socialism. They also respond to everything someone they dislike tweets, whether they tag them or not. It also seems that they think the terms \"try\" and \"achieve\" are synonymous.\n\nI do think Bernie is a supporter of democratic socialism though. He just has no way of really achieving it and isn't a Marxist Socialist. The USA is too Capitalistic for Bernie to be able to quickly change it into Democratic Socialism.
great video! thank you!
great video! thank you!
Cuba is a totalitarian government, just like North Korea.\n\nAlso Communists is not the only Socialists groups. Socialists is a huge spread on the political left. Socialism existed well before Karl Marx and many religious cults followed socialism principals for centuries and have failed or regress backwards both socially and technology.\n\nI do not understood why anyone follow Communism after seeing the spectacularly failures operating under socialism principals and the collapse of communism in the 1980&#39;s and 1990&#39;s. It has always been a  major failed experiment on society that always leads to human rights abuses, mass deaths, mass arrests, mass spying and controlled with Military dictatorships.\nhttp://www.pbs.org/wgbh/commandingheights/hi/index.html
tack så mycket för det!
socialism is not only the means of production being owned by the people but can also mean the people regulate the means of production . \nreal definition: a political and economic theory of social organization that advocates that the means of production, distribution, and exchange should be owned or REGULATED by the community as a whole.
Nice video, your explanation was clear and understandable, and the website is very useful, Thanks !
Wouldn't it make more sense in form of a spectrum, with some definitions overlapping over 2 or 3 smaller definitions?
I disagree with you on pretty much every economic political thing but I still have to say that you make valid points and I understand your views. But one thing you got very wrong, Cuba is not fucking democratic!
You forgot the most prominent and relevant Marxism today - CULTURAL MARXISM.
You forgot \"cultural marxist\".\n\nOh wait no that's literally just bullshit that Hitler made up.
can someone PLEASE explain to me how u expect any of this to work at all anymore?\nits already been proven to not be effective (and what i mean is that and communist country that doesn't have any sort of capitalism is collapsing or has collapsed) so why do you still think it will work? and i swear to god if your reason is that \"it was't true communism\" or \"the government was corrupt\" i'l lose my mind
In my country, there's both a social democratic party and a democratic socialist party.\n\nIt's been very confusing to distinguish between them. I was a member of the democratic socialists, but they kept trying to align too much with the social democrats, so I left the party and joined the social democrats, so now I'm just a social democrat who believes in democratic socialism. \n\n(We also have more parties on the right, so don't assume having four parties on the left means we always win. It just allows people to have representatives that more closely represents your views, which makes voting much easier.)
It's so confusing to know what these things are as an idea, in practice, as the west sees it, as the \"east\" sees it and what people actually mean when they use these terms. Pretty good video anyway... But could you please redo this video without the mistakes and confusions, which goes into the details of all of this (history, ideology, practice, modern times etc.) and explains capitalism as well?
0:55 You are confusing things... Shouldn't you be using the Rod of Asclepius instead of the Caduceus? I have nothing against the video in general and I'm sorry to be \"cherry picking\" here, but this moment was pretty \"ironic\".
I was a bit luke-warm on this video until Obama showed up with the drone. ;)
Last post: one example of socialism by a Marxist directly elected by the people is Salvador Allende in Chile, overthrown by right-wing general turned president Augusto Pinochet by US CIA support & assistance. The current Chilean president Michelle Bachelet, an Europe-type socialist presides a country with a strong neoliberal laissez-faire capitalist economy. +
Other forms of communism or Marxism include Stalinism, Juche (North Korea), Castroism  & Titoism in neutral Yugoslavia. A mild form of communism in East Germany vs autocratic in Romania, differences in socialism between Hugo Chavez/ Nicolas Maduro in venezuela & Salvador Allende or Michelle Bachelet in Chile are noted, & Justicialism or Peronism. +
Liberal Democrats are more capitalist than Socialist Democrats who are also capitalistic. Conservative Republicans are not really fascists, if you want fascism, National Socialism (notice the name?) is for you. Many Conservative Republicans are Libertarian, which is anarchist. And many are actually social Liberals but they hold fiscal conservative beliefs. +
Thank for the clarity.  I am an American conservative, and I find great value in your objective, dispassionate survey of Socialism and its environs.  Well done!
God I love the Star trek reference and I believe it has meaning and we probably will go classless,money less because our technology will become advanced and the resources so common that we as a society won't need outdated concepts. BUT in today's world I don't think it's remotely possible if we want to advance because of technology and the limited resource that is earth.
no one agrees on the terms. It varies. End of
As an ex-Marxist myself, I can tell you not to listen to Marxists in how they define themselves or how they define themselves to other Left-wing groups. \n\nHuge problems in this video: \n\n1. Cuba is \"not communist\". This is a standard trope of communists: failed communism is not communism in their view, it is something else. Pretty much a conscious, stand up, old fashioned lie. \n\n2. Cuba is \"[A] public planned economy where elected representatives made decisions about the economy that would otherwise be made by private business service like where to built new factories\". \n\nGet that? He says, without irony or qualification, that \"elected representatives\" make decisions. Euphemism as farce. A very dry sarcasm. \n\nCuba is a simple totalitarian oligarchy with no democracy at all. There are no elections, they are an open farce. The central government decides which candidates are held in the municipal and national assemblies, and they decide exactly which votes to count. There has never been a choice in Cuba. It is a perfectly closed totalitarian system. Another simple, straightforward lie. \n\nThis is just the beginning of translating Marxism into English. There are hundreds of wrong statements, vastly wrong statements and total nonsense in this short video. It cannot be overstated how much this is shot through these people. Keep your eyes and ears open when watching this video, and think for yourself. These people want to think for you. Don't let them.
1:58\nWHAT? say it again, but slowly haha
So whats social democracy and how does it differ from normal capitalism or USA system?
The most interesting sentence in this video was the one where you said, \"Socialism is anti-capitalistic, and capitalism is anti-socialistic.\"\n\nJust a small tweak and you'd pull the truth out of the latter part: Capitalism is anti-society.
This is Gold.
how do u get someone to clean toilets under communism? the cleaner wouldnt have an incentive of money to clean the toilet :o\nstar trek works on that everyone is provided food and housing and pretty much anything they want within reason, and if they want to do something like be a doctor or engineer or whatever thats their choice, if they want to be a bum at home they can do that too.\nbut in star trek they have the technology of self cleaning toilets which is not common place in reality, so how do u get someone to clean the toilet? (how do u get someone to do a job that they dont want to do?)
america is not democratic because it would only be democratic if there was a spending cap on election spending cause that allows big business to support the candidate they want in power.\nReply
Just to explain things further, there are 3 axis of a country. The first axis is economic, the second axis is political and the third axis is society. Based on these definitions:\nNazis:\nEconomically centre-left (social capitalism)\nPolitically far-right (fascistic dictatorship)\nSocietal far-right (national socialism)\n\nCuba:\nEconomically Left (socialist)\nPolitically centre-Left (representatively democratic)\nSocietal centre-right (conservative)\n\nChina:\nEconomically centre (social-mercantilist)\nPolitically centre-right (controlled democracy)\nSocietal centre (liberal-conservatism)\n\nSweden:\nEconomically centre-left (social capitalism)\nPolitically Left (proportional democracy)\nSocietal left (progressive egalitarianism)\n\nBernie Sanders:\nEconomically centre-left (social capitalism)\nPolitically centre-left (representative democracy)\nSocietal left (progressive egalitarianism)\n\nIn case you're working:\nEconomic far-left (total-communism)\nEconomic far-right (crony-merchantilism)\nPolitical far-left (anarchism)\nPolitical far-right (fascistic dictatorship)\nSocietal far-left (religious-ban minority-superiority cultural-removal)\nSocietal far-right (Jingoistic xenophobic devout-religious)\n\nHope this further helps explain things.
The term \"democratic Socialism\" is wrong. Socialism is always democratic, and if it's not, it's simply not Socialism.
Accurate for the most part, I just disagree when it comes to the nazis, but anyhow...
Ner med både Socialism och kommunism
you got almost nothing right in this video.
AAAAAAAAAJAJAJ CUBA¿! DEMOCRACY¿!!!!! GOOD JOKE BRO!!!!.. but awesome explanation either way :D
I don't get how communism can be anarchistic. Communism doesn't work without an administration to dictate who gets what. Anarchism means \"No rulers\" ... so that administration can't exist. Under anarchy, the individual is his own ruler, and all transactions are voluntary between individuals. That's also the definition of capitalism.
Can you explain what is Capitalism and Democracy then?
I really wonder what the achievement of communism would look like.
So, socialism is just a buzz word?
Azure Scapegoat... Any relations with Teal Deer (TLDR)?
Great video. I would call myself a communist and an individualist. I take a lot of influence from the Zapatistas in Chiapas, Mexico on how to create a society free from governmental and market influence. Only a self sufficient society free from these systems can be communist.
Thank you fir not putting the flag of germany 1939 in the video.\notherwise it'd of been :\" not available in my country...\"
What about Trekonomics? You should do a video on Trekonomics...
someone had to fucking make it
Why does anarchism fall under collectivism? \nI find they seem like mutually exclusive terms. For example; Individualist collectivist, Anarchist communist, Etc.
You didn't talk about Vietnam, a socia... a REAL socialist country.
How would Leninism and Democratic Socialism differ? Didn't Lenin support democracy, since he did say that socialism was inherently democratic? Was Luxemburg also not a revolutionary Democratic Socialist?
Subbed :)
So wehre does NSDAP fall?
I would love to see the video on how Cuba is a democracy.
I believe a combination of capitalism and socialism is the best way to go
A goat and a pentagram, interesting choice of symbols.
i still didnt understand what happen and doing in soialisem and communisem and what happend in capitalisem????
You clearly need to take a few economics courses because kaynsiamism is very differnent from democratic socialism but according to your definision they are basically the same.
thx for the furutama reference
Marx created communism so why marxism?
But do you think that any of these so called \"communist parties\" are making any significant progress towards communism from socialism in modern day?
\"I have no source for these figures\"....\n\nthen shut your fucking mouth!
The welfare systems go the Scandinavin countries is NOT paid for by the government. It is paid for by the people - through taxes.
Difference between collectivism and individualism.
180 sanders voters were here. aka losers.
Can you make a video about with which Socialist and Capitalist social and economic policy you believe has best been implemented? The pros and cons of those 2 examples?
I don't see how anarchism is a socialist ideology. Isn't anarchy by definition the lack of government, and socialism is big government (or ends up being). So less/small governmental control is more anarchist  i.e. capitalism. \n\nAnd you can sing the praises of socialism/communism all you want, and they are beautiful ideas, but they never work because people suck and are by nature greedy and only put in effort if it benefits them.
Could you do a vid on benevolent dictatorship, please?
all of the terms you referred to were coined at one point, this would help people realize what the definitions actually mean. each term has a historical context and a definition. you made some nice graphics, but didn't support your definitions with any facts.
I learn more Thank you
I visited the website and i feel it very dishonest not to mention the book Gulag Archipelago.
very nicely graphed!
So where would you put Stalinism?
Oh by the way I quite watching the new star trek just because of the social justice bullshit.
You forgot to mention corporatism under capitalism, which is a plutocracy.
I thought socialism covered regulation as well, not just ownership?
Interesting. An informative look at the socialist *isms from the eyes of a believer. You didn't really get into why Sanders, Scandinavia, and such are so associated with socialistic ideas and where they'd go toward them which would be interesting. \n\nHowever, I can't help but notice that most of the labels/identities provided where from what groups said about themselves which is different from how things played out in history. This, especially so, since so many had hostile takeovers of prior governments or of their own established socialist governments and based a whole lot of it on propaganda and lies. A different but related topic perhaps, but socialism can't be separated from forms of influence and questions of \"who has control?\" given the nature of the ideology so I'd love to see a presentation on how things played out for historical groups with similar summation and maybe some added objectivity.\n\nThanks for presenting the info, it's useful and informative.
I'm openly a centrist libertarian, but I want to remain open to all ideas and ideologies.  You explain this topic very well.  Subbed
I'm so lost.  I guess I'm not smart enough to understand this.
I like your video! Are you aware of the YouTube alliance? The cross promoting of channels. Especially those with under 1000 subscribers. We are subscribing to one another and promoting our channels. Since YouTube is censoring and demonetizing YouTube videos.
You are wrong that a Socialist government  must \"own\" the means of production or businesses. It is in fact the \"control\" of it. You obviously have a bias.
Coming from a libertarian perspective, I think this is a very well done video and there's very little I disagree with.
great video comrade
classical marxism does not believe that the transition stage is called socialism. The version of marxism that you referred to is marxism-leninism
My head hurts now.
Probably the best description of socialism is that, socialism is a term for an economic system and social arrangement within a production based on the idea of social ownership and democratic control of the means of production.
Is there some ideology for socialism that doesnt have a immigrant friendlt policy adn if so what would that be called?
actually germany has almost no trade. they pride on being self sufficient. something retained from their fascist days.
this video made me realise that im a marxist thanks
well marxism itself (especially classical) dont say socialism is seprerate, the difference is a transition yes but the definition of that transition is different, orthodox marxists and tendecies before leninism tends to not belive that he ment a state and socialism but that socialism and communism are the same thing (which I agree with, which also further confuse things for non socialist people lol) from my knowladge Lenin is the first one who interperted it as socialism and communism being different and that socialism is the so called transitionary stage from capitalism to communism, while others such as myself interpert this as the socialist victory and organizational period that obviously happen before socialism manifests itself, but overall good video  subbed
w8, r u a göteborgare
I don't even like the definition you provided of socialism. It's not broad enough. To me, it seems like the definition you provided would exclude libertarian socialism. Really, I would define socialism merely as the democratic control and social ownership of the means of production. That is a little broader than your definition, because it allows for a decentralized version of socialism. When you say it's when the means of production are regulated by the community as a whole, it makes it seem like it has to be an entire country doing it, which I reject that notion. I believe that a nation of worker cooperatives would be a socialist nation, and on wikipedia, cooperative economics(an economy of cooperatives) is mentioned as employing socialist ideas. The form of economy I support is cooperative individualism, and I would still call myself a libertarian socialist.\n\nI consider worker cooperatives to be anti-capitalist. Capitalism is the private ownership of the means of production, in which there is private property. If you look up private property on wikipedia, it specifically excludes cooperatively owned property from the definition. This is why cooperatives are anti-capitalistic, and I consider them to be a socialist business model.\n\nAlso, I wouldn't call Cuba socialist. I consider them state capitalist. Cuba is not democratic enough to be considered socialist. The ONLY time state ownership of the means of production means it is socialism is if the state is democratic. Cuba is totalitarian, and not democratic. Thus, they are state capitalistic.\n\nThe same is of the USSR, they were totalitarian, and the people weren't really given much democratic choice there. Because they had state ownership of the means of production, and the state was undemocratic, they were not socialist.
As an anarchocapitalist, I find your analysis very objective. I do wish I could be so impartial. That merits a sub, I believe.
Overall it's a pretty good explanation, with two major errors: Orthodox Marxism is generally considered to be completely distinct from Marxism-Leninism and its spinoffs, and orthodox Marxists are often against classical Leninism (theory of imperialism, Vanguardism, etc.) as well. To an orthodox Marxist, Leninism would constitute a form of \"revisionism\" to classical Marxism, even though Leninists would argue it's an adaptation of Marxism to an age of so-called imperialism.\n\nThe second major issue is your treatment of the National Socialist party. While the party had \"socialist\" in their name, they didn't call themselves \"socialist\" or aim to replace capitalism with socialism outside of a small faction that was purged from the party in the Night of Long Knives in 1934.
i disagree with communism and socialm but this was very interesting
Please, do moreof this!
Thank you so much for the video, I have started paying more attention to this broad topic and I am pleased with the way you explain things.\nI hope you upload something on Marxism as a whole soon... left your notification on :)
What about the tens of millions (~70 mi at least in Mao's China only) of people killed in the name of Marxist ideologies? Do not come with \"it was not real Marxist!\" silliness, please. No sane person wants anyone to keep trying to get \"real Marxism\"... \n\nThat said, thanks for the video! It's really succint and very precise.
tfw DeLeonism isn't mentioned
Thanks for the info ! It was really clear and understandable !
I liked the concept and agreed entirely up until the chart. I personally would have had it set up differently. I would have expanded anarchism to include a portion outside of the Communist box to include ideas such as Georgism and Mutualism, and the various Marxist tendencies that aren't necessarily Orthodox Marxist might fit better in a separate category. Luxemburgism, which is debatable as an ideology on ts own, is the only one that would fall under Orthodox Marxism. I would enjoy seeing a more in depth version of this that gets into the more complex areas of discussion, such as ML vs Trotskyism/MLM vs Hoxhaism/Vanguardist Marxism vs non anarchist forms of Libertarian Socialism
Thank you for this!
Great video! Hope to see more of them here
Great video, really helped me!
Are you a swede?
cool video comrade, you have earned a sub
Scandinavian Countries = Social-Democracy/Social-Liberalism; the means of production are owned by the elites, but basic key industries are owned by the state.\nUSSR/Cuba/ etc = State-Socialism/State-Capitalism; the means of production are owned by the state.\nNone = Socialism/Communism; the means of production are owned by the people.
I have to show this to my friends
Very good video, thank you. Could you do videos on both the method of governance (and the successes and failures) of the USSR's state and Maoist chinas state? I am quite interested in both but there isn't much available on the internet.
Liked and subscribed (i love your website, shared it with my friends)!
Great video and super informative!