


Do stateless people still have to pay taxes? (To whatever country they're currently residing in.)
0:21 skip bullshit button
you look very much like michael stevens of vsauce channel
Hello, Vsause2
Omg I’ve been wondering about this for a couple of weeks. Thanks
Of course I live in the only country that will let me become stateless
I read an article by somebody who became a Japanese citizen once, Japan doesn't allow dual citizenship (let's hope other countries copy this example, eh?), so you have to have proof you renounced your previous citizenship before you can get the new one, thus becoming "stateless", though it might only be for a day or two. Also apparently Britain will automatically take you back if another country doesn't "claim" you within a given time.
w8, this is not V Sauce
i really have a problem with that schengen map tbh...xD
The practice of law is a common right, law is common to all.. Here's the proof! The practice of Law is an occupation of common right, the same being a secured liberty right. (Sims v. Aherns, 271 S.W. 720 (1925)) No state may convert a secured liberty right into a privilege, issue a license and fee for it. (Murdock vs Pennsylvania 319 US 105 (1943)) The practice of Law can not be licensed by any state/State. (Schware v. Board of Examiners, 353 U.S. 238, 239 (1957)) Should any state convert a secured liberty right into a privilege, charge a fee and issue a license for it, one may ignore the license and fee and engage in the exercise of the right with impunity. (Shuttlesworth vs City of Birmingham 373 U.S. 262 (1962)) "A 'Statute’ is not a Law,” (Flournoy v. First Nat. Bank of Shreveport, 197 La. 1067, 3 So.2d 244, 248), A “Code’ is not a Law,” (In Re Self v Rhay Wn 2d 261), in point of fact in Law, A concurrent or ‘joint resolution’of legislature is not “Law,” (Koenig v. Flynn, 258 N.Y. 292, 179 N. E. 705, 707; Ward v State, 176 Okl. 368, 56 P.2d 136, 137; State ex rel. Todd v. Yelle, 7 Wash.2d 443, 110 P.2d 162, 165). All codes, rules, and regulations are for government authorities only, not human/Creators in accord with God’s Laws. “All codes, rules, and regulations are unconstitutional and lacking due process of Law..”(Rodriques v. Ray Donavan, U.S. Department of Labor, 769 F.2d 1344, 1348 (1985)) The Natural Law, as practiced by all men, and from which all fictions, lesser forms of law and governance are derived, is from the creator, and man's unalienable and inherent natural liberty rights (the Will), and not from government, which can create no right or law governing the liberty of man, existing only to protect those lawfully exercised natural liberty rights which existed separate and sovereign from it, before the creation of government by the power of this liberty. “If you’ve relied on prior decisions of the Supreme Court you have a perfect defense for willfulness.” (U.S. v. Bishop, 412 U.S. 346), as “The claim and exercise of a Constitutional right cannot be converted into a crime.”(Miller v. U.S., 230 F.2d. 486, 489). "Where rights secured by the Constitution are involved, there can be no rule making or legislation which would abrogate them." (Miranda v. Arizona 384 U.S. 436, 86 S. Ct. 1602, 16 L.Ed. 2d 694 (1966)) Should any state convert any right to work into a privilege, issue a license and charge a fee, the same is unconstitutional, void, and without effect in law. (Marburry vs Madison 5 US 137 (1803)) "All acts of legislature apparently contrary to natural right and justice are, in our laws and must be in the nature of things, considered as void. The laws of nature are the laws of God; whose authority can be superseded by no power on earth. A legislature must not obstruct our obedience to him from whose punishments they cannot protect us. All human constitutions which contradict his laws, we are in conscience bound to disobey. Such have been the adjudications of our courts of justice." (Robin v. Hardaway, 1 Jefferson 109, 114 (1772)). The Supreme Court has warned: "Because of what appear to be Lawful commands on the surface, many citizens, because of their respect for what appears to be law, are cunningly coerced into waiving their rights, due to ignorance." (U.S. v. Minker, 350 U.S. 179, 187), "the general misconception among the public being that any statute passed by legislators bearing the appearance of law constitutes Law. THAT A statute is not a "law," (Flournoy v. First Nat. Bank of Shreveport, 197 La. 1067, 3 So.2d 244, 248), "a concurrent or joint resolution of legislature is not "a law,"" (Koenig v. Flynn, 258 N.Y. 292, 179 N.E. 705, 707; Ward v. State, 176 Okl. 368, 56 P.2d 136, 137; State ex rel. Todd v. Yelle, 7 Wash.2d 443, 110 P.2d 162, 165), nor is 'Code' "Law" (In Re Self v Rhay, 61 Wn (2d) 261) These being defined by Black's Law Dictionary as rebuttable prima facie, or superficial, evidence of law, a facade, represented by 'public policy,' being color-able, or 'color of law,' being 'counterfeit or feigned' as defined. "The Natural Liberty of man is to be free from any superior power on earth, and not to be under the will or legislative authority of man, but only to have the law of nature for his rule." - Samuel Adams 'Litigants may be assisted by unlicensed layman during judicial proceedings' (Brotherhood of Trainmen v. Virginia ex rel. Virginia State Bar 377 U.S. 1; Gideon v. Wainwright 372 U.S. 335; Argersinger v. Hamlin, Sheriff 407 U.S. 425), 'Members of groups who are competent nonlawyers may assist other members of the group [family, association, or class] achieve the goals of the group in court without being charged with "Unauthorized practice of law." ' (NAACP v. Button 371 U.S. 415; United Mineworkers of America v. Gibbs 383 U.S. 715; and Johnson v. Avery 89 S. Ct. 747 (1969).
You folks wont to learn how not to get kidnap and held for ransom aka arrested Hiring Any Attorney waives Constitutional Protections, makes humans wards of court with unsound mind WHY YOU DON’T WANT AN ATTORNEY QUOTE FROM THE SEPTEMBER 17, 1787 CONSTITUTION FOR THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA https://govbanknotes.wordpress.com/…/hiring-any-attorney-w…/ POWERS FORBIDDEN TO CONGRESS SECTION 9.[8] No Title of Nobility shall be granted by the United States: And no Person holding any Office of Profit or Trust under them, shall, without the Consent of the Congress, accept of any present, Emolument, Office, or Title, of any kind whatever, from any King, Prince, or foreign State. Where was the Consent of Congress whereby the Queen knighted SIR TED KENNEDY? Was Kennedy not an Esquire = Attorney? A Barrister = Tax Collector for the Crown? See “inn of court” BLACKS' LAW DICTIONARY, 8TH ED. Page 805. Article II [5] = Office of the President [5] No person except a natural born Citizen, or a Citizen of the Untied States, at the time of the Adoption of this Constitution shall be eligible to the Office of the President; neither shall any person be eligible to that office who shall not have attained to the Age of thirty-five, and been fourteen Years a Resident within the United States. AMENDMENT XIV CIVIL RIGHTS Section 3. No person shall be a Senator or Representative in Congress, or elector of President and Vice-President, or hold any office, civil or military,under the United States, or under any State, who, having previously taken an oath, as a member of Congress, or as an officer of the United States, or as a member of any State legislature, or as an executive or judicial officer of any State, to support the Constitution of the United States, shall have engaged in insurrection or rebellion against the same, or given aid or comfort to the enemies thereof. But Congress may by a vote of two-thirds of each House, remove such disability. QUOTE FROM THE SEPTEMBER 17, 1787 CONSTITUTION FOR THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA Term limits were therefore established by this Constitution for the President, Vice-President, Senate and House of Representatives: Article 1 THE LEGISLATIVE BRANCH Section2. [1] The House of Representatives shall be composed of Members chosen every second Year by the People of the several States, and the Electors in each State shall have the Qualifications requisite for Electors of the most numerous Branch of the State Legislature. Section 2. [2] No Person shall be a Representative who shall not have attained to the Age of twenty-five Years, and been seven Years a Citizen of the United States, and who shall not, when elected, be an Inhabitant of that State I which he shall be chosen. Section 3. [1] The Senate of the United States shall be composed of two Senators from each State, [chosen by the Legislature thereof,] (Note: Changed by the section 1 of the Seventeenth Amendment.) for six Years; and each Senator shall have one Vote. AMENDMENT XVII DIRECT ELECTION OF SENATORS The Senate of the United States shall be composed of two Senators from each State, elected by the people thereof, for six years; and each Senator shall have one vote. The electors in each State shall have the qualifications requisite for electors of the most numerous branch of the State legislatures. When vacancies happen in the representation of any State in the Senate, the executive authority of such State shall issue writs of election to fill such vacancies: Provided, That the legislature of any State may empower the executive thereof to make temporary appointments until the people fill the vacancies by election as the legislature may direct. This amendment shall not be so construed as to affect the election or term of any Senator chosen before it becomes valid as part of the Constitution. AMENDMENT XVI INCOME TAX = VOID = NEVER RATIFIED 1993) Key Case: U. S. v. LLOYDE R LONG; FEDERAL DISTRICT COURT TN.; CASE NO. CR-1-93-91 Not guilty on all charges whereas the 16th Amendment was never lawfully ratified. However, "[a] governmental entity may waive immunity by the purchase of liability insurance, thereby subjecting itself to liability for the tortious acts of its officers and employees." Mellon v. Prosser, 126 N.C. App. 620, 622, 486 S.E.2d 439, 441 (1997), rev'd in part on other grounds, 347 N.C. 568, 494 S.E.2d 763 (1998). See N.C. Gen. Stat. § 160A-485 (1999); N.C. Gen. Stat. § 153A-435 (1999). A plaintiff bringing claims against a governmental entity and its employees acting in their official capacities must allege and prove that the officials have waived their sovereign immunity or otherwise consented to suit; by failing to do so, the plaintiff fails to state a cognizable claim against either the official or the governmental entity. See Mellon, 126 N.C. App. at 623, 486 S.E.2d at 441-42. Sellers v. Rodriguez, 149 N.C. App. 619, 623 (N.C. Ct. App. 2002) WRONG ! ! ! See Supremacy Clauses 2 & 3 of Article VI of The Constitution: ======================================================= ARTICLE VI Supremacy clauses 2 & 3: "This Constitution, and the Laws of the United States which ->shall be<- made ->IN PURSUANCE thereof<--(including ARTICLE I Section 8 clause 17, pursuant to our Ninth and TENTH Amendment supreme Constitutional laws of the land, subsequent to THE EQUAL FOOTING DOCTRINE --> which EXPRESSLY PROHIBITS the U.S. Government from owning or managing ANY LAND within the Continental united States of America, outside of THE LAST REMAINING "Territory" of Washington D.C. and "Places purchased by the Consent of the Legislature of the State in which the Same -->shall be<--, for the Erection of Forts, Magazines, Arsenals, dock-Yards, and other needful Buildings;"); and all Treaties made, or which shall be made, under the Authority of the United States, --->shall be the supreme Law of the Land<---; and --->the Judges in every State<-- shall be bound thereby, --->any Thing in the Constitution or Laws of any State to the Contrary notwithstanding <---." "The Senators and Representatives before mentioned, and the Members of the several State Legislatures, and all executive and judicial Officers, both of the United States and of the several States, shall be bound by Oath or Affirmation, to support this Constitution"
Can a Corporation create an Affidavit? No, it is an Entity, so why didnt the Plaintiff request the United States to appear and give testimony or in the event the United States isnt available, to respond in the Form of an Affidavit? A BAR Attorney is a Hearsay Declarant not a firsthand witness.. Only the U.S. Marshals are a Government Agency. Everything else is a Corporate Fiction with a Dunn and Bradstreet Entity Number. United States Government-052714196 US Department of Defense (DOD)-030421397 US Department of the Treasury-026661067 US Department of Justice (DOJ)-011669674 US Department of State-026276622 US Department of Health & Human Services (HHS)-Office of the Secretary-112463521 US Department of Education-944419592 US Department of Energy-932010320 US Department of Homeland Security-932394187 US Department of the Interior-020949010 US Department of Labor-029536183 US Department of Housing & Urban Development (HUD)-Office of the Secretary-030945779 US Department of Veterans Affairs (VA)-931691211 US Transportation Security Administration (TSA)-050297655 US Federal Aviation Administration (FAA)-056622429 Bureau of Customs & Border Protection (CBP)-796730922 Federal Bureau of Immigration & Customs Enforcement (ICE)-130221646 US Environmental Protection Agency (EPA)-057944910 National Aeronautics & Space Administration (NASA)-003259074 National Oceanic & Atmospheric Administration (NOAA)-079933920 US Nuclear Regulatory Commission (NRC)-364281923 Federal Emergency Management Agency (FEMA)-037751583 Federal Communications Commission (FCC)-020309969 US Securities & Exchange Commission (SEC)-003475175 US Public Health Service (USPHS)-039294216 National Institutes of Health (NIH)-061232000 US Centers for Disease Control & Prevention (CDC)-927645465 US Food & Drug Administration (FDA)-138182175 US Internal Revenue Service (IRS)-040539587 Federal Reserve Board of Governors (Fed)-001959410 Federal Bureau of Investigation (FBI)-878865674 National Security Agency (NSA)-617395215 US Drug Enforcement Administration (DEA)-167247027 Federal Bureau of Alcohol, Firearms & Tobacco (BAFT)-132282310 Federal Bureau of Land Management (BLM)-926038563 Federal Bureau of Indian Affairs (BIA)-926038407 DUNS Numbers of Each US Corporate State and Its Largest City State of Alabama-004027553 City of Birmingham-074239450 State of Alaska-078198983 City of Fairbanks-079261830 State of Arizona-068300170 City of Phoenix-030002236 State of Arkansas-619312569 City of Little Rock-065303794 State of California-071549000 City of Los Angeles-159166271 County of Los Angeles- 132585055 State of Colorado-076438621 City of Denver-066985480 State of Connecticut-016167285 City of Bridgeport-156280596 State of Delaware-037802962 City of Wilmington-067393900 District of Columbia-949056860 City of Washington-073010550 State of Florida-004078374 City of Miami-965299576 State of Georgia-069230183 City of Atlanta-065372500 State of Hawaii-077676997 City of Honolulu-828979612 State of Idaho-071875734 City of Boise-070017017 State of Illinois-065232498 City of Chicago-556057206 State of Indiana-071789435 City of Indianapolis-964647155 State of Iowa-828089701 City of Davenport-963855494 State of Kansas-827975009 City of Wichita-069862755 State of Kentucky-828008883 City of Louisville-943445093 State of Louisiana-0612389911 City of New Orleans-033692404 State of Maine-061207536 City of Portland, Maine-071747802 State of Maryland-847612442 City of Baltimore-052340973 State of Massachussetts-138090548 City of Boston-007277284 State of Michigan-054698428 City of Detroit-021733631 State of Minnesota-050375465 City of Minneapolis-009901959 State of Mississippi-008210692 City of Jackson-020864955 State of Missouri-616963596 City of Kansas (City)-832496868 State of Montana-945782027 City of Billings-068925759 State of Nebraska-041472307 City of Omaha-926604690 State of Nevada-123259447 City of Las Vegas-019342317 State of New Hampshire-066760232 City of Manchester-045009073 State of New Jersey-067373258 City of Newark-019092531 State of New Mexico-007111818 City of Albuquerque-129962346 State of New York-041002973 City of New York-021741036 State of North Carolina-830979667 City of Charlotte-809275006 State of North Dakota-098564300 City of Bismarck-080245640 State of Ohio-034309166 City of Columbus-010611869 State of Oklahoma-050411726 City of Oklahoma (City)-073131542 State of Oregon-932534998 City of Portland (Oregon)-054971197 State of Pennsylvania-933882784 City of Philadelphia-929068737 State of Rhode Island-008421763 City of Providence-069853752 State of South Carolina-067006072 City of Columbia-878281562 State of Tennessee-04143882 City of Memphis-051386258 State of Texas-002537595 City of Houston-967421590 State of Utah-009094301 City of Salt Lake City-017096780 State of Vermont-066760240 City of Burlington-037442977 State of Virginia-047850373 City of Virginia Beach-074736299 State of Washington-079248936 City of Seattle-009483561 State of West Virginia-828092515 City of Charleston (West Virginia)-197931681 State of Wisconsin-001778349 City of Milwaukee-004779133 State of Wyoming-832826015 City of Cheyenne-021917273 DUNS Numbers of the United Nations Corporation and Some of Its Major Corporate Agencies United Nations (UN)-824777304 UN Development Program (UNDP)-793511262 UN Educational, Scientific, & Cultural Organization (UNESCO)-053317819
The Undeniable Fact That Artificial Entities (Corporations) Cannot Take Oaths, They Cannot Make Affidavits. See, E.G., In Re Empire Refining Co., 1 F. Supp. 548, 549 (Sd Cal. 1932) ("It Is, Of Course, Conceded That A Corporation Cannot Make An Affidavit In Its Corporate Name. It Is An Inanimate Thing Incapable Of Voicing An Oath"); Moya Enterprises, Inc. V. Harry Anderson Trucking, Inc., 162 Ga. App. 39, 290 S.E.2d 145 (1982); Strand Restaurant Co. V. Parks Engineering Co., 91 A.2d 711 (D.C. 1952); 9a T. Bjur C. Slezak, Fletcher Cyclopedia Of Law Of Private Corporations § 4629 (Perm. Ed. 1992) ("A Document Purporting To Be The Affidavit Of A Corporation Is Void, Since A Corporation Cannot Make A Sworn Statement") - (Footnote Omitted). Rowland V. California Men's Colony • 506 U.S. 194, 203 (1993)." Challenges to Judge: Universal to all cases. A judge who refuses our law is loyal to some other authority. Ask the “Judge” if he/she is a member of the “STATE BAR ASSOCIATION”. If so, challenge the “Judge” under 22 USC 611 as a “Foreign Agent”. All “Judges” are lawfully required by 28 USC 372 to have an “Oath of Office”. Ask the “Judge” if he/she has an “Oath of Office”. If yes, accept the “Oath of Office” in “Admiralty Jurisdiction”. Now the “Judge” is subject to criminal prosecution and civil litigation for any injury he/she may cause you. If no, the attorney is not a judge and has no lawful authority to proceed. Your State Representative should be informed by “Petition for Impeachment of Judge”. Present the facts of the case, the law is not necessary. Have it notarized and send it by Certified Mail. As we remove the unlawful judges, lawful judges will take their place
THE SUPREME COURT IS NOT ABOVE THE LAW I properly motioned for all Justices and their Clerks to DISQUALIFY. SCOTUS neither granted nor denied my motion. THEY IGNORED IT !?! Which according to statute they cannot do. My cases were denied by an obvious biased court. 28 U.S. Code § 455 - Disqualification of justice, judge, or magistrate judge subparagraph (a) states:>>>>> ANY JUSTICE, judge, or magistrate judge of the United States SHALL DISQUALIFY himself in any proceeding in which his impartiality might reasonably be questioned. Any jury comprised of twelve (12) rational and reasonable persons, would agree that I “reasonably questioned” the impartiality of SCOTUS, thus requiring their disqualification or alternatively affirming their impartiality as I also moved them to do.. I am also complaining they are in violation of their oath to support and defend the constitution against domestic enemy (which I believe they are). I am also complaining of their aiding and abetting rights violations (which I believe they are). I am also complaining they are in violation of 42 USC Section 1986: Action for Neglect to Prevent rights violations (which I believe they are). I also reminded them of the unsupported allegations against Kavanaugh and how indignant he was refuting allegations against him. WE ALL KNOW THAT IS THE SAME CRAP THEY USE AGAINST US. In our cases, unsupported allegations are used to deprive us of our property and to steal our children. Let us not pretend, everyone well knows that in courtrooms across the country, litigant after litigant is the victim of unsupported allegations used as basis for decision. Unlike Justice Kavanaugh, those litigants are deprived fair due process to disprove unsupported allegations; they are denied a right to be heard, denied the right to present evidence, denied the right to oral argument, denied the right to confront adverse witness testimony. I'm glad Kavanaugh went through that so now he knows what it is like for us. Now having a slight tasting and first hand knowledge of the hell we go through as common citizens, maybe these bozos might want to unscrew the judiciary. I'm not taking this crap laying down. Below picture is of my two PETITIONS FOR REHEARING pursuant to Sup Ct Rule 44, filing Monday. If they still deny me, I'm taking the case to US Congress. These Justices are not above the law. No man is above the law.
what bs,, im a lawful bloodline American,, we don't believe in the devils bible and terrorist queen ,... more information.democracy is the devil . if you lawful born five more more generation have rights.. we did not invite you ,, EVERYONE MUST KNOW THIS before it is deleted, Why is the US government always hiding it https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qr-lCJp9v1E 18 U.S. Code § 4 - Misprision of felony US Code Notes prev | next Whoever, having knowledge of the actual commission of a felony cognizable by a court of the United States, conceals and does not as soon as possible make known the same to some judge or other person in civil or military authority under the United States, shall be fined under this title or imprisoned not more than three years, or both. (June 25, 1948, ch. 645, 62 Stat. 684; Pub. L. 103–322, title XXXIII, § 330016(1)(G), Sept. 13, 1994, 108 Stat. 2147.)
This video wemt from a fun food for thought question to how the us is handeling illegal immigration real quick
"why not try it out".. cause it got hacked before?
This makes me wonder why most "Sovereign Citizens" in the U.S. never get around to renouncing their citizenship... ...other than rank hypocrisy, of course.
6:19 Where the father is a Gnome? Racist.
I don't feel like my question was adequately answered
2:25 Why would anybody accept a person deported from the US? They're bringing drugs, they're bringing crime, they're rapists, and some, I assume, are good people.
We had a bit of trouble with misplacement of documents after the local archive caught fire. A WW2 veteran from my town was told since he couldn't prove who he was, he would lose his federal health care. The VA needed "proof of service", two forms. So he came back the next day with a signed photo and a letter from General Eisenhower. And a two-star general formally apologized and told him that the State Department was working on it. So....maybe the law will get an update soon? Hopefully!!
dashlane = hackers heaven
I have heard of being stateless because of parents being of different religions in the middle east.
(taps 6 on keyboard multiple times) "pew pew pew pew pew"
We may not know which one we "came from" but hey every man is standardly issued 2. Left or right? And the most f@ked part is when you were "homeless" through the process of SI!
You look like Vsause but you sound nothing like him.
Hey Vsauce, Michael here
But if you become stateless with no intention to leave the country you are in you become an illegal immigrant. They are breaking the law and getting detained because of that fact is not an issue, it is their fault.
The only "official" way I would ever renounce my citizenship is to simply renounce it. I'm not filling out any forms or paying any fees or even settling any debts. I would imagine such renouncement would involve you not agreeing with the laws or policies of the country of which you are a citizen, so why would you want to jump through any of their official hoops. Just walk away. No requirement to tell anyone. They don't own you or your identity, though they like to pretend that is the case.
I swear to god i thought you were Michal from Vsauce on the thumbnail lmao
Michael from vsauce :v
You are wrong, the Patriot act, they can detain anyone they want indefinitely without even charging them with a crime. (If you disagree I refer you to Guantanamo bay as one example) Am I the only one sick of hearing people with foreign accents flap their gums about the US?
The american passport is pretty powerful, yankees can go anywhere without much hassle, I don't see why you would renounce it just to avoid some taxes
F*cking idiots. Most people would DIE to live in the USA and here are there morons messing with their citizenship. I would truly deport them to east-europe to go and live there if they think USA is that bad.
Interesting that the Israeli travel visa is in French
Actually, the U.K. rules on renouncing your citizenship sound pretty sensible. Although, another good option would be work out an agreement with North Korea to make anyone denouncing their citizenship to the U.S. a citizen of that country and to deport them there. Also, I think the fee should be waived for any celebrities wishing to do so because they are unhappy with election results. I want to make the process as easy as possible for them.
Knockoff Binging with Babish lookin' dude
Pity stateless people can't form a state together and claim some unclaimed scrap of land as their national homeland, nominate one among them as their prime minister/foreign ambassador and issue passports or visas stored on a cloud server. The Citizens of Unstate should do that.
Russia and England would have fallen if not for US support
"Dark web monitoring" so I guess you're pimping shady ass companies now that use scary buzzwords to take advantage of the tech illiterate? There is no way a company can monitor that shit and it's just dishonest of them to make people think that they're offering any level of safety in regards to their shit being sold on the dark web. What next, you're going to start offering people anti-tiger rocks?
I thought this was Vsauce until I heard his voice
The USA gives its people the freedom to select whatever citizenship he/she desires. The reason it is not guaranteed back is so people cant leave and fight in war against the US and come back.
go to somalia... Lets see how long you last there as a nomad
"Bsauce! British Michael, here!"
I wished that he would have covered renouncing citizenship in N. Korea.
Interesting subject but a long video for me. I won't watch it.
IF you are stateless couldn’t you just start your own state and as the leader of said state any legal document another would require you can just create
Just be kim jong uns friend, he’ll let you inn, or you can move to svalbard
Stateless is the way to go. Functional programming ftw.
surprise surprise you can't even voluntarily renounce your citizenship legally. fuck the gov't. gov't is tyrannical
minute 5:03: why is austria not part of shengen? because it is. please update your map
countries behave just like gangs. if you wanna quit is going to cost you, and after that they will make life a living hell for you, unless you get another gang to exploit you, i mean to pprotect you. In other words we are property of "our" country renouncing the protections... the same words a gangster would use.
I am SOOOOO glad I'm Canadian o-o
The map showing the countries of the Schengen treaty countries is totally incorrect ( 4:41 ). Austria is not shown (even though it is a Schengen country since 1995) but the UK and Croatia are highlighted even though they never were part of the Schengen area. I don't know what this map is supposed to show, but it's not the Schengen area that you refer to in the according section of the video.
minute 5.11 Schengen Area map incorrectly excludes Austria.
Michael??? Vsauce?? Who is this impersonator??
woag, I thought this was VSauce for a second
So if you renounce citizenship in the UK, and don't apply for membership to another corporate nanny state within the next 6 months, they automatically make you a citizen again without your consent. In order to stop you becoming "stateless" (IE. Free). If you can't see how we live in a fascist tyranny, then God help you!
What a crock of shit, one of the most misinformed spiels i've ever heard. But then again, i don't expect mindless statists to have any concept of sovereignty and self-governance. Wake up, the matrix has you.
Why did you include Austria from the Schengen area? Also you should note that since 2015 border crossings have been reactivated, due to obvious issues.
Lmao your discount vsauce
do you mean going of the grid
In the case of the United States, you wouldn't be losing anything by becoming stateless because they don't take care of you anyways. You can pay hundreds of thousands or even millions of $ in taxes your entire lifetime and still be denied social security or disability based on the bureaucratic opinion of corrupt case workers and judges.
Do video on People of India Origin / NRI
Australia has a law that members of parliament can't be dual citizens. There was a massive "scandal" a few years back, where some MPs didn't know they were duel citizens because they were born in another country and had to resign.
But there is a treaty between country in the UN that forbid a country  to deny a person who was a citizen, and want to come back has one.
I've read somewhere that even if you renounce US citizenship, you still pay some other taxes or contributions to US, right?
I legit looked into going stateless and reached out via internet to people who were Stateless. They all told me they didn't regret doing it but that after 9/11 it complicated their lives so severely they wouldn't recommend it.
it means ur useless and unwanted and you should kill yourself before you start to harrass others and nature included and wasting natures supplements for your silly survival. FACT
What if everyone in the US renounces his citizenship, isn't this the equivalent to selling your own country to the government ?
Whats the odds that Dashlane farms data to pass on to 3rd parties ?
So if the rest of the world taxes based on where you live, but US taxes based on citizenship, does that mean if you move to the US and work there without a citizenship you simply pay no taxes?
So Human rights are ready the rights one has only if they are affiliated with a state?
His head looks strangely large in this video. Wider angle lens or something?
who else thought this was vsause
I thought they deported you to the moon or something.
This is the first time I ever saw you or your channel, immediate advertisements and then in-video advertisement/sponsor. Maybe a short intro to the video before you want to make more money? Not even going to bother seeing the video.
Renouncing your citizenship SHOULD NOT COST ANYTHING! Death to FATCA! The only thing it does is make foreign banks refuse to let Americans have bank accounts so they don't have to comply with FATCA reporting requirements.
The United States is the most retarded country on Earth.
What if an entire nation renounces their citizenship?
so basically the US is a tax prison.
Why do you look like Micheal from Vsauce
In México, nothing happens. Welcome :)
you look like Michael from vsauce
Did you know that the thicker your beard is the likelier you are to go bald!!
Rangel - a democrat and crook....
See this is why america is america and britain is britain america has american homeless people pissing and shitting in our streets yall got abdar from syria who got goat flu
Here in the United States, renouncing your citizenship while still physically being within the borders of the U.S. is absolutely futile and meaningless. In your mind, you may actually believed you accomplished something, but in reality, no. You are still a citizen of the U.S. The only way to renounce citizenship would be to leave the U. S., enter a foreign country, seek out the American Embassy (or Consulate) and make a statement to an American official, stating your intent. YouTube is full of sovereign citizens making such claims at traffic stops or open court. They have never, ever, been sucessful.
Here in the United States, renouncing your citizenship while still physically being within the borders of the U.S. is absolutely futile and meaningless. In your mind, you may actually believed you accomplished something, but in reality, no. You are still a citizen of the U.S. The only way to renounce citizenship would be to leave the U. S., enter a foreign country, seek out the American Embassy (or Consulate) and make a statement to an American official, stating your intent. YouTube is full of sovereign citizens making such claims at traffic stops or open court. They have never, ever, been sucessful.
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Adamson_Tannehill
I hereby renounce my US citizenship.
You feeling okay Michael?
I wonder what happens if you are born in a country but your parents (who are both citizens) never show you in any official documents ?Meaning you are completely unregistered.
So what are the benefits? Why would someone be able to become stateless by choice?
I clicked becuase I thought this was Michael from V-Sauce. I was very upset lol
Love how much the US cares about the people ??
4:40 Austria isn't part of the Schengen area on this map. But in reality it is. What kind of map is this?
Is that a fake bald head? People go to all sorts of lengths to get some hair on their head!! What did you think? "I wanna look bald without sacrificing my hair" Pffff, I'm moving to a different channel. This relationship isn't working anymore. You better give me back my stuff when I ask for it or I'm sending my mother.
erm, croatia is not in the shengen area. no one probbly noticed or cares, but even tho we are in the eu , we still have more to go to enter the shengen zone
Well, we now know how to populate the moon
4:45 Romania is not in Schenghen area yet, we still have borer control. EU != Schengehn.
I can’t have been the only person that thought this guy was vsauce until he started speaking
I think the map of the schengen area is a bit wrong, because Austria that country south of Germany is defenitly part of it and Northern Ireland doesn't belong to the Republic of Ireland
Whoa. You're not Michael from Vsauce
What happens if you renounce citizenship from every country?
This is a British channel mostly about the USA. This is loosing interest really fast
10:02 AHAHAHAH THAT COUGH
You lok lke an ugly bitch when you talk about dashlane
Lose the benefits: The right to pay taxes? Lose the protections: Getting brutalized by law enforcement & targeted for death by foreign countries.
Are you Vsauce's twin, by any chance?
Some countries WILL NOT ACCEPT that you want to renounce your citizenship. This makes a good case for allowing double citizenship.
IRS Is private owned company design for short period of time collect taxes on international imports to USA. There for IRS simply scams us citizens for some taxes that actually voluntary taxes in the first place. IT is NO LAW where us citizens must pay to unknown private owned company. Please do your own research prior saying word IRS. Thank you.
What if you want to be stateless?
Question: How many countries is it possible to be a citizen of, at the same time?
note in the uk yor ar a subject not a citizen
>without having committed any crime lol
Just a friendly reminder that if you hate the country you live in, you are more than welcome to leave :).
Hey Vsauce, Micheal here..... Ohhhh hmmm...
I wonder how this affects your "identity". The US is currently looking to further 'other' trans and intersex people making it impossible for us(I'm the latter) to update our documentation, among other things. As such, it might be a good idea to leave the country soon before a "legitimate" asylum case could be made, but there are a whole bunch of logistical issues to that.
"without committing a crime" 2:30 that's so retarded, being an illegal immigrant is a crime. They wouldn't be able to arrest you if it wasn't.
What about state taxes? if they can make you pay fed, why not state? I guess I would want to "move" to a state with no state taxes. Wouldn't it be horrible if you couldn't renounce your citizenship because you can't afford the taxes. Then each year the bill gets bigger and bigger. I hope that doesn't actually happen.
I renounce my boner
In my country you can't lose or renounce to your citizenship.
I like @ 1:20 the document lists Ann Arbor, MI as the town, as it is my hometown. They misspelled Washtenaw (Weshtenaw as in the video) county though
Really fk Malaysia I could not retrieve my identification certificate without my Father present even though my Mother is there.... they are fking sexist
They can detain you just because!!! If you aren't on someones papers you gonna go through something hellish. Terrible And lol. An exit tax.... only the US.
Freedom & security are inherently inversely proportional.
I clicked in thinking this was a Vsauce video.
This video could've been waaaaaay shorter!
Well if a person can be stateless, then the children that are born from illegal aliens, are then stateless. They have no ties to America, then they can not become a citizen to America. Wouldn't they have to be deported too?
It costs 400€ in Finland.
FUCK YOU Dashlane! Why the fuck does Dashlane want to hack me to renounce my citizenship?!! Police should arrest them!!!!!
I say we take all the stateless people from every country around the world and dump them in Antarctica and give them the basic supplies to set up a habitable area. Then, after 10 years, whoever is still alive gets to either select the country they wish to become a resident in and get accepted, or choose to continue living in their makeshift community to fend for themselves lol
You look like Vsauce
Your map of the Schengen zone countries is inaccurate.... It looks more like a map of EU member states. The UK for instance is not a Schengen country, neither are Romania or Bulgaria...
The UK is not in the schengen area.
I couldn't get a bank account in Thailand. I hate America!
Government is stupid. The US government is the worst.
Can you start or even own a business if you're stateless?
So if you're stateless, are you off the grid?
Let's see if I got this straight ... If I was born in the USA, with American parents... I am an American citizen. But, at the age of two, I move with in with my grandparents and move to Ireland (or any nation that is not the USA). I am educated and spent all but the first two years of my life in a country that is NOT the USA and have long since become a citizen of that country. I attend college and graduate in Ireland and now making good money with an Irish company. Although I have never received a single benefit from the USA or have ever attempted to do so, because I am also a US citizen - and never made a single cent on US soil or with a US based company - I am required to pay US taxes? If this were the case, I think I would say to the US Government and the IRS... Go fuck yourself! Land of the free? Keep telling yourselves that ignorant bullshit!
Is there any unclaimed land in the world like Antarctica
Shit I almost thought he was about to say hey vsauce
I don't understand is this michael from vsauce or not?
So you’re saying that the mayor of London got upset over unjust taxation of a country from across the pond. Sounds familiar? ??
Why would you have to pay to tell a country to piss off?!?!?
Why would anyone want to be stateless??? As rare as they are.
By the way, It's pretty funny: in the times of the Patriotic War slavery was banned in UK but was legal in US, but now UK considers their citizens as the 'property of the Crown' with no rights to refuse or escape, while in US it is legal to be free.
Hey man, you should remove the UK flag when u said that you can travel with no passport across those borders cuz UK is in the European Union (for bow) but its not fully Schengen. So everyone needs to pass a passport control when going to UK.
US the only free country in the world. Citizenship with no rights to refuse is just a FORM OF SLAVERY. My ancestors were serfs - they were 'things', as furniture or cattle. It was a huge victory of the humanity when humans became recognized to be humans. Do you know what are serfs? They are slaves with the main trait - they were 'citizens' of a particular land which was owned by the serfs owner. Serfs were prohibited to appeal to rules of others' lands, they were prohibited from leaving the land without permission and they must be returned to the land they belonged by the police force and violence. Can you see any difference between serfs in the lands they belonged to and citizens in the lands (countries) they belong to? The 'Masters', owners of 'citizens' (who have no rights to refuse their citizenship) treat their 'human cattle' better then serfs were treated? It is a difference in treatment but not the difference in legal rights to be recognized not as a property but as a human being with free will.
Any particular reason you removed Austria from the EU?
LOL the person who was the owner of that document to renounce american citizenship is now living in Paraguay.
Huh, more proof the US doesn't care about you.
did you just say lithuania..? LIETUVA TEVYNE MUSU...
I actually thought that I clicked on a Vsause video, you to look a litle bit to indifferent
I can't believe Yoshi committed tax evasion
Truth be told i have wanted to move from the USA however i make very little money and can't do it with a family people as why if i'm not a fan of how the usa does stuff do i live here? And I ask you do you have $20000 something i can have becuse that is how much it would cost for everything?
Who the fuck is this hipster soyboy?
No need to renounce your US CITIZENship. Just identify as a US National instead and revoke your election of TAXPAYER status. The IRS recognizes your decision to never file a 1040 again.
I was let down after I realized this isn’t a vsauce video. Knock of British Michael, you got me again...
90% of this video was "However the United States..."
Hi, Vsauce, Ripoff Micheal here.
It's simple, you become a jew
More advertising than content...
Damn Canadians coming down here
Hi, Michael Here, an Welcome to Vsauce
oh hey its fake vsauce
Why does he look like binging with babish
Great grandparents were stateless after the Soviets seized East Prussen. I didn't know this was a thing you could apply for.
Renounceing what you never chose sounds like a fools game, but I suppose if your willing to pay for something that was never vaild (a real thing) at least there's a way to have a piece of paper to state.. what I don't believe in was acknowledge by the aforementioned system of belief , I do not believe in, released me via my petition and payment hereby legaly through validating what I don't believe in. And because they granted me this truth now, Im free. Lol!
What is that map? The UK and EI aren’t in Schengen, but Austria certainly is.
Deportation, camps, barbwire, German shepherds, loudspeakers, lice and fleas, tuberculosis and cholera, mass graves... I LOVE IT ! IMHO, race and culture is more important than citizenship, and a country should only favor immigration and grant citizenship to people whose race and culture is close or related to the given country.
I need to get my eyes checked I thought I was checking out a Michael from Vsauce video, great content here though
You can commit murder
Hi! Just offering some corrections :) The image at 4:44 has a map with a few problems. 1. It shows Northern Ireland as a part of Ireland and consequently it shows the UK without Northern Ireland. The UK is England, Scotland, Northern Ireland and Wales. 2. It shows the UK as though it is part of the Schengen Area. It is not.
Funny none of those issues seem to affect illegal immigrants..
A country built by people escaping persecution, persecute people lol.
Buy a sailboat and go stateless. Sounds like freedom to me.
Very nice video, and an interesting topic, but the music playing in the background is super annoying. If you're going to have background music, make it loud enough to actually hear it or don't use it at all. Several times throughout the video I picked up the flutes in the background, without being able to tell what I was actually listening to.
Am I missing something? The citizenship price in USA is $750. Author, where did you get $2350?
Stateless exist, today's day I am stateless
the world should be an open world not a close world. fuck the border and restrictions.
Wonder if being stateless will revoke all contracts and agreements with previous country and allow the people to become the free human beings they were born to be? Or if one could do that another way....?
Bro, There are some state-less kids of Venezuelan parents born in Colombia, because Venezuela is kind of a shithole rn Colombia has decided to not grant the nationality of those babies because our goverment are made out of assholes
You simply fade away out of existence?
Tell them with a serious face, you live in Tongueincheekistan
I have a question, If I wish to renounce my citizenship as one born in America to American parents & an adult who owes no taxes, & it is granted. Once it is granted & I sneak into Canada & promptly turn myself in to the Canadian authorities are they likely to deport me to a third country or allow me to apply for citizenship?
I don't remember anyone teaching this in school (given its been over a decade since I was in high school but still)
No captions???
Lol I’m kurdish been stateless for centuries
I wish you could choose the country you'd like to be a citizen of when you turn 18 or so. I sorta hate where I was born and I don't feel like I belong.. I didn't get to choose. ??
Actually, renouncing U.S. citizenship is not necessarily all that easy, at least if you want to become stateless. A U.S. Court of Appeals earlier this year decided a case in which the plaintiff "has tried to renounce his U.S. citizenship for more than a decade." (Apparently this was because he was a convicted sex offender who didn't want to deal with the problems associated with such in the States. Of course, being a sex offender likely makes him persona non grata for most, if not all, foreign countries, too, so he's probably SOL from a life-choices standpoint.) https://www.cadc.uscourts.gov/internet/opinions.nsf/EB6F9B47E530A701852582D0005708D7/$file/16-5065.pdf The agency-- understandably, given the plethora of problems, described in the video and the court's opinion, that crop up when someone becomes stateless-- tried to argue that you could only renounce citizenship if you had concrete plans on how to deal with becoming stateless, like another country that would accept you. But the court said that was an incorrect reading of the relevant law. It then sent the case back to the agency where, one presumes, it is still kicking around to this day.
That really sucks that you have to be registered to a private FBI search.
New drinking game: every time Simon says citizen or citizenship take a shot. Bet most of you wont last past the first 2 min
I am technically 'stateless'. I was born in shoddy circumstances and have been on my own for almost as long as I can recollect. Never known my parent(s) and at 15 have no documentation. Crossed many a border on multiple continents in my time.
5:02 You show European Countries flags, you have the Irish Tri-Colour covering the whole Island or Ireland, when the North is still very much in the UK
GUYS ITS FATCA
So what of dashlabe gets hacked or got a data breach?
The end made me think of Village of the Damned for some reason ;)
Fact check!! schengen zone in accordance to the 1985 agreement is 26 countries excluding the United Kingdom ,Republic of Ireland and Cyprus. Citizens of the schengen zone as they are also citizens of EU can travel freely to the countries mention above. Although non eu citizens can sometimes travel to schengen zone but have different arrangements with other coutries. The map shown in your video is inaccurate. This is the EU map not the schengen zone
Lol.. "exit tax".. only in America ;p
The more I learn about this country the more I want to leave it
If I got a quarter everytime he said citizen or citizenship, I'd be $5 richer
The US is trying to build one giant prison. It knows it doesn't represent the people and that no one in their right mind would actually want to live here.
Used to like this then came back to see its liberal??
you cat become stateless because wherever you live you will be expected to still pay tax and all that crap and thus you will be a citizen if you like it or not
There is an important caveat to renouncement in the United States. If you don't adhere to the renouncement agreement (most common way is to maintain your right to live in the United States after renouncement) the renouncement will be considered to be done in bad faith and thus void (no refund for the fee) so it can't be done just willy-nilly.
Too bad it's so easy for American companies to move to other nations and avoid paying taxes for the money they make in the US.
I read somewhere recently that you can renounce your US citizenship, but that the US doesn’t recognize it. I wonder.
you cheap Vsauce looking MF
So, like, why would you do this?
There's nothing wrong with arresting people that are in the country illegally. You want to be here? Become a citizen or get a visa, otherwise get the fuck out.
Only stupid people burn bridges, but it takes a special kind of stupid to burn the bridge while standing on it.
My mum is stateless. She is Zimbabwean, but had her citizenship was taken by the dictator of the country, due to beliefs against white farmers. So now she has non. She is married but the UK is so bad and picky on forms that they never responded to her marriage certificate submitted for citizenship. The UK needs to step in in places where a persons belief, heritage and citizenship is under unfair conflict. All she wants is a passport to go see her family, not be stateless and stuck in a country you aren't even considered a citizen after 19 years of residence. Like WTF!!!
You related to vsauce ????
Which countries require you to renounce former citizenship before applying?
What if somebody is set to be deported to their home country, but their home country has ceased to exist (annexed, divided into multiple nations, etc.)
Dude I ? the united states
Is binginging with babish ur alter ego or ur twin brother that got seperated at birth ?
I'm just thinking of people who revoked there citizenship cause they hated America so much and realized it wasn't that bad
In the USA shouldn't they pay us to renounce citizenship? Most people in the U.S.A. cost more than they contribute and thus one less person in the U.S.A. would in most cases help slow the massive debt we have growing. Maybe we should only charge the successful people but then who would take care of our moochers or steal from other countries for us?
I'm American. Man, can my government be real douche bags! No common sense.
6 minutes of this video was a commercial. Go fuck yourself.
Hahahaha. The IRS is America’s greatest weapon. Nukes are just a sideshow...
Question! I’ve done a little research on this but I still want to be 100% sure. I’m an American citizen and my boyfriend is a Japanese citizen (long distance of course). What should I be prepared for if we get married and I move there? Would it be difficult for me to open bank accounts or any other kind of accounts and finances? If I had kids (while living there) they’d automatically be 100% Japanese citizens? Dual? Another thing I’ve always thought about is can I live in America and Japan at the same time? By that I mean going back and forth from each country for an extended period of time (not like a typical “vacation” amount of time). For example let’s say we want to live in California for a few years and get a job there but after a good amount of time move to Japan or vice versa. (I know this is probably exaggerated and most likely an expensive life style but I’m just curious to see if i at least HAVE those options)
You become a citizen of the world! Fuck nationalism!
Being stateless sounds great. My state has never protected me. They provide no assistance at all when my property is stolen, they take my money at every opportunity, and they put my life at risk by starting wars with random countries on a regular basis.
VVVVVVVVVSAAAAAAAUUUUUUCCCCEEEEEEEE
@4:40 - why is Austria withouth a flag? :O
Fuck dashlane
Michel here!
I can see it now, a hacker professional will go after our citizenship and kill it off by making us renounce our citizenship electronically that will clearly fuck our lives up
Citizenship is Amazingk!!
?
I like the United States ?? ?? ?? ??
I thought this was vsauce from the thumbnail
With the real Vsause please stand up..
Of the U.S.A.you may have many problems to be Stateless (no good)very bad ?? ?? ??
beard green?
You may found it difficult to get food to eat and to live very bad ....?? ?? ?? no good..
And no, illegal border hopping aliens are NOT all stateless... most are simply criminals.
It seems like a simple solution would be to tell the person that whether or not they would become a citizen if they renounced their previous citizenship.
wait, this isn't vsauce michael
Boris Johnson is the British Trump. All he lacks is the orange spray tan.
Illegals need deportation. Can't find a country use the ocean. Those without a nation deserve no human rights
Hey I'm down with it you don't want to be American and denounce your citizenship fuck off then make a rash decision too damn bad all the people who said they were leaving when Trump got elected didn't really do it hell he even offered to pay for some of their tickets
I'm a Canadian who got a work visa for a job in Chicago in 2000, but FORGOT to get a Social Security number. Until I got one, I couldn't open a bank account, rent digs or cash my paychecks. I can't imagine what it's like to be stateless.
Tam Honks
I thought this was a vcause video...
figuring out if this was that vsauce guy or the binging babish guy
U look like Vsauce michael
5:10 why is northern Ireland with Ireland people in northern Ireland can have both
Your Schengen map is wrong
You are an Gypsie then
There are also countries like Iran where u can never renounce your citizenship. What I mean is I.e in Iran once u become Iranian u will remain Iranian for the rest of ur life... although Iran doesn't give citizenship to foreigners.
In Brunei, we who were born here are stateless, without given a citizenship. Hahaha. Not strange.
I love you Karl! Great article! :D
lets say you were born in the uk and committed some ungodly crime. for arguments sake an extreme example you shot up parliament and the palace dressed as the queen in a shirt that says I hate my citizenship could they then say that crime was so bad and such a danger to other citizens of the country or the monarch or even govt. and then strip you of citizenship?
Tom Cruise on tropic thunder lol
So if you become stateless and have a criminal record does that go away?
The last bonus fact is very unclear. Ability to travel back is expected, but "going back", i.e. re-applying for citizenship that was renounced before, is a completely different question.
I guess you will have to become a pirate roaming the international; waters of the world.
How to stop paying taxes
Hey vsauce not michael here
Why would you want to renounce your us citizenship? You have so many freedoms. Just move if you don't like it but don't give it away.
Finally an advertisement for something I already use.
I hate the idea that your "owned" by a country, I hate that it prevents movement across borders
I hate the idea that your "owned" by a country, I hate that it prevents movement across borders
Wasn't there and old story about such a person called "The Man without a country?"
I would much rather get deported than renounce from the states, they keep raising the price because the government knows they fucked up putting that oompa loompa in charge. fuck him and all that he stands for, i hope he gets a hang nail that becomes infected
so to have rights you have to belong to the cult.
What an interesting video.
I wonder if any immigrants have ever done that. If someone was detained while crossing a border and renounced their citizenship while in detention they wouldn't be able to be returned if their home nation rejected them.
why are you basing the video around america when there laws are so different to the rest of the world . ?
What about people born in trailer parks?
Sort out the echo/reverb on your sound....
You're like the British version of Vsauce Michael
what kind of people become stateless? mostly poverty stricken and africans? or does it afflict rich counries and people too? Bit shocking how there are enough stateless people to found a new state. The guy born in the USA but being British sounds like a freak case to me.
Some nationalities can't be renounced, such as the Moroccan or the Turkish nationality. And that is a very serious problem, especially for Turkish young men. Even if they have never been on Turkish soil, they have to serve in the Army.
I once had a colleague who had been an Iraqi (? well one of those nice liberal countries in the middle east) jew. When he went to his embassy in London to renew his passport, they promptly confiscated it and told him to go away and not come back. Thereby making him stateless. He travelled on a document from the UK government which was a sort of stateless persons passport. One very large sheet of paper onto which various visa stamps could be applied and which said he was nominally under the protection of the UK. It worked very well, whilst I had to queue to get through US immigration, he was fast tracked!
This is a known thing in Brunei, there's a lot of stateless Chinese who were here since before country's independence
I've lived in the US for 16 years, dual to US and Canada. I'd love to go back to Canada, but the taxes would be such a burden and I don't want to give up my dual status. My brother stayed in Canada and even though he's never lived or worked in the US, he's had to start filing under that law and the F-bar costs him a few thousand dollars each year just to file. If the US wanted to go after the weathly ex-pats, they should have allowed exemptions for lower income ex-pats simply because the costs are so outrageous for the citizens when the government isn't even getting anything but paperwork out of them.
Why his voice is so fucking annoying?
I click on this video because I mistaken you as Michael from Vsauce but this is a decent video
If you have to pay some one for your freedom, it means you are a slave.
Why would any American citizen renounce their citizenship?
Not vsauce
I don't care
If I could also cease being subjected to a State's laws, regulations, etc, then that would be an upside to Statelessness.
On the background image of Europe when you talked about the countries being in the Schengen Area the country of Romania was also highlighted, Romania however is not in Schengen.
Why would I renounce my citizenship? That would be moronic as I live in the US.
States are the worst thing humanity could've wished for, beginning from the fact that it's simply a way to take a slice of the earth for themselves, and there are way too many, too much different from one another.. there is always gonna be conflict, different ideals and religions, when everyone acts enclosed in itself, it's anti-human, humanity is all about sharing knowledge and combining strenght, it has even brought us to the brink of extintion at least three times, even with nukes, could you believe people were ready to bring doom on themselves just for.. disagreements, to say the least. We risked it probably more times but they are not popping in my mind as of right now, and let's not talk about how unstable this system is, judging by the fact that there are stateless born people, and those who want to renounce it, probably for another citizenship, but still, it's my point exactly. I wonder how life would've been if we were cruising all togheter just from the beginning of times. Ugh, yes i know, i dream too much
I thought this way Vsause in the thumpnail
What is the thought process for an American citizen to renounce their citizenship without any other citizenship unless they are complete morons?
I know somone whos stateless it sucks
I'm a sovereign citizen.
This is a question I had/have a few months ago.
@Today I Found Out You glossed over one of the key qualifications to renounce U.S. Citizenship: Under the applicable law, 8 USC § 1481(5), the renuciation must be executed "before a diplomatic or consular officer of the United States IN A FOREIGN STATE," i.e., you must be outside of the USA at the time.
Anyone here try Dashlane? is it any good?
Just read the buck act and you'll understand the difference of a Unite state citizens and a state citizenship, one is under article 1 and the other is article 3 of the constitucional...this video was long for nothing.SMH
I want to become a citizen of EARTH! I never gave any rights to some third parties to label me with a "nationality". Nobody has the right to stop me from moving around my home freely (and by home i mean our planet). Laws must apply to HUMAN beings, not on basis of "nationality". Being a human is a fact, having a "nationality" is subjective. One must not be proud of being a citizen of country X, one must be proud of 1) humanity's achievements and 2) of his own achievements. Every other pride that makes you feel like you are better than some other ethnic group is BS.
If I denounce my citizenship do I nolonger have to pay taxes?
If the U.S. really wants to go after tax evaders they should just pass a law that says any business that takes place in the U.S. would have those profits subject to taxation.
Wait a second.... Austria is in the Schengen, why is it kept blank on the map?
I had a professor from china who renounced his Chinese citizenship to become a US citizen. He told me it was the weirdest feeling getting a visa to visit his parents. I can't imagine
What might happen if you live on unincorporated land, declare sovereignty as a nation, create your own passport and as the leader of said nation, give yourself diplomatic immunity? As long as the UN allows you in, you can be a nation of one.
Functional programmers: heavy breathing
I clicked the video because I thought it was a Vsauce, Michael here video lool
5:02 Ireland looks...different...
Thank you. It was informing. I enjoyed it.
Bootleg British Vsauce ass
Propaganda for states, you don't need a citizenship, it's a legal fiction to control you. There are plenty of ways to go anywhere you want without a citizenship, just make sure you carry an assault rifle everywhere you go.
I recently read a book called "The Art of Not Being Governed" that explores several aspects of statelessness in human history where it appears it was clearly the preference of the people involved. Many of the "hill people" of Southeast Asia have a history of flight from states, with a number of their cultural practices rendering them more difficult to make and keep "legible" to nearby states, thus avoiding conscription, corvee labor, taxes, religious persecution, and direct slavery depending on the particulars of time and place. Modern nations like Vietnam and Myanmar have gone to great lengths to separate these people from their preferred condition as non-citizens.
Woooooh, Simon, you are looking particularly handsome in this video!! I just had to turn on the A/C and sit down for this one! Wonderful lighting, great shots, and perhaps an upgraded camera or format your cinematographer is using (?) is certainly highlighting all your attributes. ??
Hello I'm Simon Whistler and I'm responsible for literally all of your free time.
i renounce my humanity
How many countries could one technically become a citizen of?
I wanted to give up UK citizenship as I don't want any of their "benefits" - But the fuckers won't let you .....
Since when the UK is part of the Shengen area ?
Hey Vsauce! Michael Here
Here's a tip DON'T RENOUNCE YOUR CITIZENSHIP
Millions of Kurds are still stateless.
Only question I wonder regarding the Stateless who have a run in with immigration enforcement but who were born within the United States and aren't a citizen of another nation? Have there been any cases where a US Born Stateless individual got in trouble with the law and Immigration had kicked them out of the United States to a country they don't belong to? or does immigration eventually cut them loose and are allowed to remain in the United States after their prison sentence?
Almost Every Word Of The Title Starts With A Capital Letter.
the civilized world protect the citizenship of their people
did you just imply my gender? #triggered
Fuck amerikkka! Found out how shitty they are and how many people were getting out of the shit hole and quadrupled the price to get out of said shithole to prevent them from leaving. Lmao. Hope the muslims or Russians gape amerikkkas asshole sooner than later
I have a friend who happened to be a stateless person and he is 21 years of age. His parents had  passed away years back and currently he is unable to get citizenship in Malaysia. My main concern is his health, he could not get treatments from the hospital because they simply could not register his identity. Secondly that he is unable to find work legally because of his identity issue. Is there any solution to counter this issue?
Is there a radio playing in the background?
this guy looks like johnny sins
This was interesting. Thank you for this information.
So is this guy trying to get views by looking exactly like vsauce or is this just a big coincidence?
Love my country. Don't always agree with it but, it truely is unique.
Rich people abusing the system. Shocker.
If you do that in America Trump will deport your ass.
why would you choose this?
Oh Man Michael’s really nailed the accent for this Vsauce episode.
This just makes me realize how many documents I have registered with the government. Man, if I ever want to disappear I’ll have to assume my alias and live in a forest.
TL;DR version = Don't do this.
citizen of earth
Hi vsauce Michael here ??
I typically avoided this channel because of unnecessary video length... Seriously it takes 15 mins to discuss when you can compressed it to five minutes
Can they be deported to Bir Tawil?
Why the fuck does it cost money to renounce a citizenship? The hell? It's like Marriage. Govt fucks everything up.
Anyone else notice this guy is an unusually likeable clickbait guy? Cant deny the clickbait, cant deny you want to groom his beard with your teeth.
Hi Simon. Can you do a video of you whistling for us.
mankind is so primitive. there really is no hope...
you dont even need to be a citizen to get rights in this country we call the USA with all the illegals marching in plain sight, taking advantage of medical, etc
This is very stupid
Anyone else keep pausing the video to see the the distant background music was coming from the video or from somewhere else around you?
272 pounds!! Good Jesus id have to mail my self to renounce my citizenship ??
so I have always wonder me being a member(with tribal I.D.) of a native American tribe. If I renounce my citizenship I should be safe on the rez.
Nationality is not citizenship.....
Send Stateless people to the Antarctic! lolol
The United States is a tax and debt trap.
Can you even do that?
Thats simple, I'm not a Nationalist, I refuse to bow, to pledge allegiance, to pay taxes yet I am a American citizen, I don't involve my self in statist ordeals, such as voting, for senators, mayors, presidents or any authoriotys, I don't in any way give any consent to be governed, I was just born here, live here and pay taxes on things I purchase simple as that. I'm American in culture but I am sovereign in self ownership.
I swear to god I thought you where Michael from vsauce
Just dump them in the sea beyond 12 nautical mile line! With a life-jacket or a small boat, of course, no need for unnecessary cruelty.
Another fact worth noting: If a child is born to Swedish parents outside of Sweden, that child will only be recognized as a Swedish citizen if the mother is a Swedish citizen.
Get the map of Europe correct dude. Part of the island of Ireland is in the UK!
Because the United States has different citzenship, the state one isn't the federal one, but they will not help you know your free and under the privileges and immunities clause. Because contracts overrule constitution. Because citzenship is a contract, sign nothing, and you will have freedom
i am From the republic of Arizona
You can be a citizen of a republic of (one of the several States) without being a federal citizen.
I'm surprised you didn't mention "Sovereign Citizens."
I am stateless because South Africa's government is a cesspool of missmanagement and no body knows what to do with my case an therefore choose to ignore it. My parents don't have the deep pockets needed to make things happen... and even though I can get into a medical degree at the top universities in the country, I won't. And this irritates me to no end. Well, everyone's got their own problems and being stateless and existentially depressed just happens to be mine....
Simon, your map accompanying discussion of Schengen Area includes the UK which has never participated in it.
For those interested in which countries do not allow dual citizenship (for the most part) as I was, they are: Andorra, Austria, Azerbaijan, Bahrain, China, Djibouti, El Salvador, Estonia, Georgia, India, Indonesia, Japan, Kazakhstan, Lithuania, Malaysia, Montenegro, Netherlands, Nepal, Norway, Poland, Saudi Arabia, Singapore, Slovakia, Tanzania, Tanzania, Thailand, Ukraine, United Arab Emirates and Venezuela. http://nomadcapitalist.com/2014/04/25/countries-allow-dual-citizenship/ Honestly, that's a lot more than I expected. Tis a shame, it would be awesome if it was possible to get citizenship from every country. Just like Pokemon, gotta catch them all.
I got an ad for immigration law firm lol
Vsauce your British accent is pretty good.
Nationality =! Citizenship. At least the way what the terms mean in here.
The schengen map is incorrect. Should not include the CTA.
You become a Terran?
No one will acknowledge my Kekistani citizenship. ??
4:51 The UK and Ireland was never part of the Schengen area, because of the Commonwealth passport union. Norway however is part of Schengen despite not being EU members, probably because of the Nordic countries long standing no-passport collaboration. Closing that border would have been very costly for both countries.
You know you've been watching a youtuber a long time when you start to see he's aged since you started watching him. Deeper creases and lines that weren't there when he started. There's another youtuber who slowly gained more and more weight over the months. Do others know of youtubers who visibly changed over the months and years?
Sure sounds like a mob protection racket to me. Somehow Governments think they are the source of all rights. Don't want to be in our gang or pay our tribute? that's fine. We'll just treat you like even less than an animal. How many animals need passports to cross borders or permission to obtain sustenance? Fuck the States!
One more piece of evidence suggesting that we are not free peoples; rather, we are owned by the state. A birth certificate amounts to a title of ownership.
Small Point: http://www.unhcr.org/un-conventions-on-statelessness.html
The map of Europe at 5:00 is not Schengen area UK and Ireland are not a part of it and Bulgaria, Romania and Croatia are not members but only candidates.
This is possible in the US? Here you cannot renounce your citizenship if you do not have another citizenship, in that case the Government itself will not grant you that right.
Renouncing citizenship was probably better when there were still parts of the globe not yet claimed by a nation...
So what about the so called Sovereign citizens? ??
All I want is to renounce this shitty ass US citizenship so "Big Brother" can't track me like cattle.
You can tell Charles Rangel is lying because his lips are moving. Such a racist a^^hole.
Why having a baby when you have no citizenship...that's just wreckless.
2:13. FOUR MILLION stateless people in the United States?! How do you figure that? Just because these people are illegal aliens, this does not make them stateless. The have citizenship in their countries of origin. According to the UN Commission for Refugees, there are 3.5 million stateless people spread in 64 countries.
Don't you think this all sounds absurd? Shouldn't statelessness mean you go anywhere and don't pay taxes, but don't get any social benefits in return? Treating statelessness like a crime is saying you are not born free, you must choose at least one master. Is man born free?
So in Stan of Arabia, since he didn't go through the right legal channels, he hadn't really renounced his American citizenship. (Also he wouldn't have had the authority to renounce the citizenship of his wife and children.)
Not really true at all. If I gave up my citizenship Id prolly have much more than I have now. Cuz our government cares more about non citizens than they do citizens .
Just wondering, The fuq the third amendment got to do with schools ? I will never vote against it. I will never have any military personnel stay in my home in peacetime or in war. So wtf does a school have to do with it ? Am I missing something ? or just dumb as fuck ?
Your a fucking traitor unless you were English
The baltics are rightful russian clay! Russia controlled these territories longer then the so called baltic states!
It's not a "double tax." As you noted, the U.S. provided tax credits for taxes paid to another country. Tax is only due if the U.S. tax rate happens to be higher than that of the other country. If the other country has a higher tax rate, then the U.S. citizen ends up paying nothing to the U.S. In effect, the system ensures that taxes are paid up to but not more than whatever the highest tax rate the taxpayer would be subject to--either the U.S. or the other nation. That is not a double-tax.
While I'd be fine not being a citizen of this farce of a country... there's nothing gained by jumping through hoops to give them money for the opportunity. I pay them taxes for them to fuck me over at every opportunity.
Unrelated I hate PragerU ads
If you are stupid enough to renounce your US citizenship than you deserve the hassle. People die for the freedoms you so frivolously throw away. Good riddance.
Why did you show an israeli document? All palstine people who resided in israel when it became israel were offered israeli citesenship and both jordan and egypt accepted palestinian people as citesens
So I can't just become a citizen of the Universe? Because that's how I feel!
I wonder if citizenship will become the infamous 'mark of the beast.'
lol gypsies.
I got clear permission to immigrate to Taiwan before I renounced US citizenship (which was free back in 2003).  I only needed to pay for postage a few times for paperwork to go back and forth.  I was stateless from October until around March of 2004.  Next year I plan to visit USA again using my Taiwan passport.  That's going to be interesting in Immigration at the airport.  HA!
Relocate them to Antarctica.
All the stateless folk should buy up a particularly nice undersea island chain, hire a big Japanese/Chinese organisation to do some seasteading, and create a giant commune.
What i gather from this is that the US is very touchy. "Oh things didnt work out? Well you should have thought of that before you hurt my feelings by rescinding then huh?"
america does NOT have a nationality... By Function, NOT definition...
What a surprse, the US is shit and the only one among all these first world nations who does this. Of course. Why is this? Every time I see a video like this, it's always the US being the only one who doesn't do the obvious, to the detriment of the population.
Being stateless shouldn't be that much of a pain in the ass. I live on a given chunk of land, so I have to be part of that chunk of land's system?
Ya where do you get deported to
5:09 The map is incorrect. The UK is not part of the Schengen area.
Re the mid way advert, while I'm very supportive of the technology, a shockingly near ubiquitously large proportion of online Bitcoin exchanges etc… have gone though same tedious loop. It starts "give us your details, give us your details, all your details, now, I might report you to the authorities if you don't give us all your details _right now_", followed rapidly by "oh shiz, criminals stole all our data, oops."
States mean nothing. They merely attempt to usurp the authority of tribe. One cannot renounce ones genes.
The term "national pens" seems very relevant at the moment.
MAYBE-speaking for the United States: it may not be possible to legally renounce your citizenship due to a clause in the constitution which makes all persons born on U.S. soil a citizen just by birth. I suppose we could argue that citizenship "rights" can be waived but does that section in the constitution also mean that citizenship "rights" can be regained simply by demand and without charge? Why would a country force U.S. citizenship on someone? TAXES...all citizens living abroad are still subject to U.S. taxes.
It would be good if the UN had an "Earth Citizen" system. You wouldn't be linked to any country but you don't have the issues of being stateless.
you can be detained and tortured in many places including the US without concrete evidence or even a warrant. thanks to 'patriot act' and other 'anti-terror' laws. so your citizenship doesn't matters in this case, the only reason governments love to operate within legal boundaries (that they themselves have written) is because it gives the general populous the false feeling of fairness and security. stateless people are the only truly free people, and to see the state of freedom just look what happens to them. we didn't go far from middle ages with kingoms and kings, just the executions became more boring...
Stateless = Sovereign citizen. Also a state of complete delusion.
Hey Vsauce,
what should I do?? i m Tibetan and live in Europe if i refuse the India refugees papers and holding a Europe citizen after that i m not welcome in Tibetan colony in India as foreigner but my mom sister brother all are there in Tibetan colony .they told us you needed PAP to permit to visit to the colony it took 3 months to get if family got emergency must wait for 3 month for permit, if you went there without permit police will inquiries and asking big amounts of money nearly 600 euros for bribe to see his or her family one time by day. pap means protect area permit but most of mixed them into Indian so i really don't understand why they Dalai lama Administration made that rule with India and made difficult life in Tibetan peoples and made opportunity Indian police to earn money with easy way
Would have been nice if you would have included the benefits of being stateless - this way your video seems biased. Which is a shame.
ask Mikheil Saakashvili what he did
Total horseshit video. I have been stateless for so long. In urban areas with skilled and professional law enforcement, it is indeed possible to live with no ID, stateless and on the street. Make friends with the police, dont cause trouble, speak the lingo and conduct yourself properly. You will be fine.
I am a Citizen of Industry.
6:00 in israel, you are a child to a jewish mother you are concidered a jew and therefor you can apply for citizenship, and that's the reason that the Arab nations exiled off jews when the state of Israel was founded.
If I ever earn income in excess of 160k, I probably won't care that I pay a bit to the IRS. How much could it be, anyway, if they do consider all of my tax obligations to Germany, which is almost 50% at that point
Romania is not part of Schengen, small error on your map there :)
soy
You have seriously underrepresented the difficulty of giving up American citizenship. You also didn't make any distinction between renunciation and relinquishment. I would use the analogy of those annoying operating system pop up warnings. America REALLY doesn't like admitting some people don't want to be Americans, so in addition to making it expensive, America constantly adds hoops. They keep asking you if you want to do it and make you keep coming back to meeting after meeting. The goal is to discourage you and hope you'll give up. Renunciation is for people who want to avoid taxes. But people who do it for other reasons would relinquish. The US essentially treats anyone giving up US citizenship as criminals.
I’ve never had any citizenship in the world. It’s a hassle. When the USSR fell some about 1 million people in Latvia received noncitizens passports.
So what about sovereign citizens?
A little off topic. People born in Kenya can always claim they were born in Hawaii.
'merica
Section 12 of Canada's copyright act is Her Majesty's claim to everything in Canada. If all the titles to all property are copyrighted by Her Majesty, then all property in Canada is claimed to be her property. Birth certificates are copyrighted, so then which of the attributes of the birth certificate are mine? If I renounce my citizenship, should I keep using the name to do business? Is it really my citizenship that I would be renouncing, or would it be Her Majesty's citizenship of the copyrighted person that she claims to own and yet which her agents simultaneously claim to be me? Am I the property being claimed? It is both amusing and nauseating that the vast majority of us think entirely within the conditioned models of reality enforced in the public mind. Read the comments ridiculing those that have foolishly taken to claiming sovereign citizen status. The ridiculers have forgotten to check the validity of citizenship, generally. We're apes. The legal system is a ritualized dominance hierarchy. If other apes knew about pen and paper, they, too, would write down their dominance hierarchy and call it good. Property ownership is an expression of territoriality, and I think I've shown how it is a lie. The lawyers have us playing a twisted game of words where we're trained to agree to be Her Majesty's actors in her fiction. That's one way of describing it. BTW, the name on the birth certificate seems to be the mark of the beast, without which you will be unable to buy or sell. In the book of revelation in the bible, it says you need the mark of the beast to do business. If you don't have the mark of the beast, you cannot exist in commerce. You should not be able to use a bank account. You would have no driver's licence, no health card, no diploma from a school, no social insurance number, no nothing. If you're not a citizen, you're not governed. There can be no speeding tickets for non-members. Yes, I realize this is confusing. Render unto Caesar that which is Caesar's and render unto God that which is God's? Caesar is a dominant ape. If someone that was previously aware of the copyright on the name they're using wishes to provide me with some information that they think I might be missing, I'd be happy to entertain new thoughts. I don't need to hear from the Homer Simpson school of thought.
@09:59, my understanding of the Dark Web is it's called the Dark Web because it CAN'T be monitored. This is the reason why normal Browsers like Google and Bing can't be used to browse the Dark Web.
From your thumbnail. I thought you were vsauce.
ITS A COMMERCIAL - ITS A COMMERCIAL !!!!! RUN AWAY, ITS A TRICK !!!!
I wonder how many people renounce American citizenship, because it's a shit hole country.
Question, if I renounce my citizenship and pay the stupid bill... do I still have to pay taxes on the bill? If so, then explain logic in that.
"Stateless" person sounds cool. Like if you performed some major deed and went down in history as a "stateless" individual.
how many times did he say citizen and citizenship hahha gave me a headache but good video great information to know
But but... Almost all Americans are illegal immigrants??
Aren't you just playing into the state by using their language?
As Sheldon Cooper says in an episode " Sail the high seas as a pirate"
Today I found out that Switzerland joined EU while Austria left! :)
Oh Simon it would not be one of your videos with out a mistake. At 5:02 you showed a map of the EU and reported as a map of the Schengen Area. The UK and Ireland are not in the area. and Bulgaria,Croatia, Cyprus and Romania haven't technically joined it yet.
11:05 is when the ad ends
i am an earthling. prove me wrong.
So how do "sovereign citizens" fit into this? Y'know, those people who deny the authority of the government of the country they live in?
Must be nice not to be a citizen of hypocritical war mongering countries
But we already did that we kicked ass and made our own country https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Adamson_Tannehill
huh.... now im curious if it would be best if most people in the west simply denounced citizenship en masse seeing how messed up the world become... who cares if you cant own a house, your not getting one anyways may as well just wander around the midwest? maybe that will happen regardless : /
Um... You can be a dual citizen in America. https://travel.state.gov/content/travel/en/legal/travel-legal-considerations/Advice-about-Possible-Loss-of-US-Nationality-Dual-Nationality/Dual-Nationality.html
The deep web and the dark web really aren’t that frightening; the deep web is any webpage that can only be accessed if you’re logged into an account, and the dark web is untracked browsing (such as one of your sponsors, tunnel bear). Yes, people use the dark web for nefarious actions, but that doesn’t mean that it’s inherently bad in and of itself. ?? The more you know ??
My birth documentation was lost by south african bureaucrats. I needed two witnesses and a dr to confirm that it was me that was born (i was 22) but i wasnt able to fly to africa because i had no pasport. 5 years later i receved duel citizenship. Emigrated to australia and have been fighting for residency for the last 9 years. 50% of my life my citizenship has been my life ??
Never will I renounce beloved Kekistan
He talks way too fast. How about taking a breath every once in a while.
Thought this was Vsauce lol
I honestly thought u was vsauce Michael here when I clicked. Was a nice surprise when u turned out not to be. ??
I wish you dig a bit more in the volontary renounce. I find rather disturbing to be owned by what so ever country. And there are documentation you can have to travel and so even if you renounce your country citizen. Heinstein did it, as an example.
This genuinely surprised me. I had no idea it was even possible to renounce your citizenship. Admittedly with the state of how the US currently is the idea of renouncing my citizenship is tempting, but would be the most single-handedly stupid thing I could do given how much it can backfire on you for doing so.
If you lose the benefits, you lose the duties and liabilities
Detain them for 6 months, and then re-arrest them at the exit of the prison. ??
Gee I should do this so I can stay in the USA as a disadvantaged foreigner
What a fucked up system, they own us like cattle and we have no choice in the matter
Bah...thought this was a Vsauce video
this guy definitely has a cuckoldry fetish
It's funny, as the 14th amendment states all persons born in the United States and subject to the jurisdiction thereof, are citizens of the United States. And the Supreme Court ruled long ago that "No one can remove the citizenship of a natural born citizen"; Shouldn't even the person themselves be counted as someone, therefore shouldn't be allowed to renounce their own citizenship? Purely hypothetical as since its the person asking to not be a citizen, they aren't likely to then argue in court they shouldn't be allowed lol.
As an Austrian the picture I’m 4:44 bothers me more than it probably should...
I feel plenty trinis stateless cause sometimes there are big people who cant even get birthcertificates
HEY VSAUCE, MICHAEL HERR
If you're in a country (any country) without having the proper documentation then you're already in an ILLEGAL STATUS and have, in fact, BROKEN LAWS. So, let's not perpetuate the bullcrap about them not having "broken any laws".
Can I be a citizen of an online nation? :p
This nigga a dumbin ass liberal. If your in MY country illegally and mooching off OUR tax payer money you shouldn’t be here. #ILLEGALS should be euthanized
The Jews will send you to destroyed some country is what happens
If i hade to not become an Aussie just to be a snobby bloody Yanky I’m not doing it
Better solution.... Let's all become stateless.
So stateless people get less rights then illegals
So is this why Ted Nugent didn't leave America ( as promised ) when Obama was elected? : /
I have got a feeling that one of the unlisted reasons the American immigration (or rather, their "anti-immigration") system keeps getting locked up and encouraging decidedly evil things to happen is because the home nation of the refugees will not take them back, resulting in a stateless clog up.
Everyone in the world. Renounce your citizenship. Simultaneously.
Start a video with an ad and I won't watch it.
Hyped to renounce my Us passport
Orange man bad.. must have
My parents wanting to move back to the US in 2011 makes so much more sense now
Seems like US policy bashing is the new meta.
When the Foreign Account Compliance Act of 2010 took effect it was rumored the US dollar would no longer be the defacto global currency. I’m just saying. I suspect those rumors were probably spread by people who were going to be adversely affected by the new law.
Why on Earth would you ever renounce your citizenship though?
This video's audio needs mastering for cellphone devices. Sounds like I'm listening underwater in a tin can.
Reminds me of GM Robert Fischer
Before watching, I don't know, butt I'm not gonna try it either. After watching, nice ad.
In the US, and most other countries, probably, getting a birth certificate is crucial. Without one, a person has a hard time getting a job, getting a driver's license, traveling, proving citizenship, getting a bank account, getting ID, going to college, etc. When my first son was born, it took a month to get the county clerk to give me a birth certificate, even though the law said she had to. I visited her in person several times, called several times, had someone call and threaten to get a lawyer involved...I quoted the law that she was not following to her, and her response was "but how do I know he's really your baby?" I offered to being in my placenta and show it to her (it was legal proof of birth in that state), lol...I actually didn't have it, but I was mad at the time. Eventually she gave it to us. All of that was because he was born at home. I asked her how she knew the other babies she issued birth certificates for were really the children of the parents the form listed (well because the hospital says so...), Well, in this case. I say so...do you want me to testify under oath? Like, hospitals sometimes mix up kids...very rarely, and sometimes the dad on the form is not really the biological dad, but...a form is just a form, and it doesn't matter who submits it, there is still a human writing down what that human claims is truth on the form. Legally, anyone can submit the form, and the county clerk is legally bound to record the birth and issue the certificate. Finally, she did.
Is there anyway to be a citizen of earth?
you look like vsauce, but your videos are actually good. Hah.
America and one country in Africa, are the only two countries which tax their citizens when theyre abroad. And youre wrong that it had nothing to do with politics and they just happened to be abroad. The majority left because of both taxes and regulation that was being laid on thick from the Obama administration. Peter Schiff, Doug Casey, and Jim Rogers to name but a few are famous people who have all left the US, and mostly cause they see it turning into a shit hole. Schiff was forced to take nearly all of his business out of the USA cause of regulation, and being a foreign customer with not enough money in the account to make the regulation cost worth it, i was forced to close my account. Obama's USA for you. Will that reverse under Trump? Maybe to a limited degree, but not by much I reckon
Damn the US is savage. Never giving up my American citizenship
Florida is like America's Italy.
So if youre stateless, with money, then you dont need to pay tax, or can pay very little and get most back that you do pay. I know you never brought that up, i just thought that i should. You look after yourself and at a fraction of the cost it costs government in tax, saving you a good difference. Even if youre working class you can do better. Eg. British NHS costs 2100 per person, you can get insurance for 500 and cover your family. Get a life insursnce policy and it can act like a savings account too, you cashing it in when it matures. Cover and saving? You bet your ass. Government over charges and under delivers. Youre better with the market, and be better still if the parsasite of government wasnt such a burden on it!
Deport them to Antarctica.
This video is unnecessarily long.
I didn't even know you could renounce your citizenship without belonging to another country.
Well, you can always buy a Sealand or Monaco citizenship if it is that important. lol
Sovereign citizens take note
Bunch of anarchists trying to become stateless because. Anarchy meme.
Why does it cost something to renounce your citizenship?
Can I get the American forms to send a few "friends"?
Sometimes I wish I could just be a citizen of the world.
You have a great head shape!
one world, one people, one dream, let us drop the notion of nations and focus on being human and making the world more than what it was yesterday.
Simple solution. Drop them into international waters. :>
So if I buy property and pay it off so it's all mine then renounce my citizenship would I be able to to live on my property and not pay taxes?
I like your channel, and enjoy your videos. But when you have multiple pitches for advertisers in your videos, it shits on people like myself who PAY to have Youtube Red as to avoid unwanted banter about things people are trying to sell. I’m reminded of a quote: “Advertisements are a tax you pay for a completely unremarkable product or service.” I shouldn’t be taxed twice.
You get sent to Egypt and chained to a boat south down the nile. State of denial
I think you are conflating stateless people who have immigrated to a country with stateless people who were born in that country and refused the right of citizenship. those are very different situations.
The US Govt won’t let you renounce your citizenship if you don’t have another citizenship.
The US is trying to render a friend of mine, born in the US, stateless, disputing the validity of her Maine birth certificate, with no indication of what country they think she is from
Hmm, had dual citizenship I had to sign away to get into the military. No big loss, the other country was Iran. I'm old and my parents were horny newlyweds while in that country.
intill dashling gets hacked
Thankfully Hillary didn't win in '16 otherwise I would have felt what it was like firsthand. I assume you'd lose rights to social security too
Who is doing your editing now? The quality of the cuts have changed noticeably.
So the land of the free keeps you a slave wherever you are until you've bought yourself out?
I'm self employed and I live in the UK, but I'm a US citizen. The US charges a ridiculously high self employment tax. So a couple years ago, I only earned about $500 for the whole year, but still had to pay about $70 of it in taxes to a country I haven't lived in for 13 years. And you can imagine the difficulty I'm having, with that income level, in trying to save up money to get UK citizenship and then, even more expensively, get rid of the curse that is US citizenship. Then Trump goes around threatening to take away citizenship of people who protest him, or don't worship flags or whatever. Great! Sign me up! I will have explosive diarrhea all over an American flag inside the nearest Trump hotel if it'll save me $2500.
It's sounding more and more like America is among the least free countries in the world. ??
I thought you were Michael Stevens
Citizenship problems in Saudi Arabia you say? Perhaps this convienient bone saw will help
I lost my wallet and thus my photo id. Went to the dmv only to find out my birth certificate expired. I'm de facto stateless til I get the fucking mess straightened out. Ugh.
STATELESS? Don't you mean free? So you have to belong to somebody or stay in jail? We are slaves after all!
This Communist sellout did not mention that the reason for increase of United States Citizen renouncing Citizenship in 2010 was because of high taxes and regulations Under the Obama administration.
You'd be an alien. Simple as that. if your not on thier bank roll your nothing and no one. Why do you think they made bridges? I hate it , we have all these houses with no one in them and they rot . They know the homeless could have them . We have no homeless. we have assholes, who make people homeless and degrade them. Shame on the governments, and banks . You know, you can house people! families, the vets! You use people and then throw them away like garbage. Just like pink said , HEY YOU WHITEHOUSE! TOWN HOUSE PROUD MOUSE ! HA HA CHARADE YOU ARE !
Dashline will protect my citizenship? OK...
Why tf does every mfer look like a generic ass vsauce? Is this a thing now?
Why would anyone want to renounce their citizenship? I got Venezuelan, USA and a Spain one lol
Find some land, claim it as yours, arm yourself, write up a bunch of documents, print money and passports, convince several hundred other people to join your new kingdom, renounce citizenship, fight to the death for the land. If your army can keep hold of the land for long enough, you could seek recognition as a new country. Doing this on US land is probably not a good idea. Would probably be a better idea in some poverty-stricken country maybe in Africa or South America. For it to be successful, you need lots of citizens to side with you and be willing to fight to the death for that new country. This is simply a matter of marketing. Find out what the majority of the locals want that their current government can't provide, then provide it in exchange for loyalty. Give them a good life and treat them better than they have ever been treated. Convince them to be very patriotic to your new country. Similar happened in Germany in the early 1900s. A small group of men managed to take over an entire country and keep hold of it for an extended period of time and the majority of the citizens loved it. They would have survived has it not been for the whole anti-Jew thing. Had they gone about it a little differently, Germany would still be National Socialist and there would have never been a WWII. If you go about this plan to form a new country, you have to tread lightly and know your stuff or some bigger more established country will send in their troops and destroy you and everything you worked so hard for. It might be safer to just infiltrate a government then, from the inside, take complete control so you can do what needs to be done. Watch out for assassins though.
Say what??? You mean that you can tell master to go shuve it? Hahahahahahahahahah!!! I am free!! Thank God almighty! Thank God almighty I am about to be free!!
Content begins at 0:20 Runs through 9:25 Skip to "Bonus Facts" at 11:05
random question......... can you be a citizen in mor than one country at a time without the need for a dual nationality passport?
In Iraq we have Kawliya who we do not give citizenship to. Basically they are very poor people who migrated from India to Iraq hundreds of years ago, they never fit into the country culturally. Iraq is a a Muslim country and the Kawliya are known for sexually soliciting their women for money, therefore society never accepted them and they cannot get citizenship. Their name Kawliya actually means whore in Iraqi.
If you renounce your citizenship from the United State of America - Does that mean that you'll get all the Social Security money that they took from you?
Reminds me of the story "The Man Without A Country". Can't recall the authors name tho..
I love the wording of the video title.
Ohhhh, I so wish american liberals would renounce their statehood.... America would be a better place.
We need to make 100% of the people stateless.
I so wish you were my neighbour and i could hear you talk about stuff all day
I can't wait for the adults to show up.
I am stateless. It is horrible
Just send them to Guam. Easy peasy
okay that all sounds sucky but is there a benefit to not being part of a country? like whats cool about being stateless? anything? or is it all just not good?
Like the bonus fact said, my brother lives in Switzerland, so now he has to pay taxes to both the US and Switzerland, which ends up being approximately all his money. Switzerland isn't exactly known for being cheap to live in! Also, like he said, it's almost impossible for him to get a good Swiss bank account, making it super difficult to rent from some places.
Dashlane is absolutely horrible. Only reason I use it is because LastPass was bought by LogMeIn, which is worse.
I've always wondered this. Huh
So a terrorist, rapist, or burglar can come into the country without any legal process and you're gonna try to claim that the legal process of keeping those types of people out of our country is a problem? LOL..
They committed a crime by coming into the country illegally you fucking idiot
Your show is the shit. ????
Thought this v sauce
You should have that Smallwood guy do your videos. always feel like falling asleep when this guys voice kicks on. seems like a good elementary school teacher. good content boring voice. laugh more, stop selling that crack on your videos. lol
Personally I think that if you renounce your US citizenship you should be barred from ever re-obtaining it.
tl;dr You are a slave to the government
I thought this might be a useful video. Until you advertised Adthingy. Nope Nope Nope.
I have birthright citizenship opportunities from two countries, so I do have that option before renouncing if necessary (though I would rather not do that)
Simon missed something... He didn't mention that when you renounce your us citzenship your required to live outside the country for at least 6 months out of the year......everything I have posted can be verified by a quick Google search (how to renounce citizenship in the United States... Be warned it is a lot of reading and some small text... Note all the information I've posted is from a .gov website ...have a nice day... will not respond to uneducated or malicious replies
tbh it wouldnt matter kuz ur just human being isolated from society due to the overexaggerating of bein label as something to be part of
I heard the "friend" of Mark Zuckerburg renounced his citizenship to avoid paying taxes on his lawsuit winnings.
wish someone would steal my identity. no matter what they do it would probably still only be able to make my credit score go up.. can a credit score be negative integers?
It's pretty ridiculous that we're all held hostage by governments. A washing machine can change countries easier than a person can. AI robots will be free to live wherever they want.
Give me something useful, like how to renounce being taxed like a corporation and regaining our Constitutional Sovereignty as a Natural Born Citizen.
there was a serial killer a wile back that used this to kill people without giving in trouble he would have his victims sing then killed. sad
Yeah paying for the world we were born in, eghh.
"Freedom"
I'm a duel citizen already
Where did you get that map which is showed when talking about the Schengen area? As an inhabitant of a Schengen country I'm massively offended.
Not to sound like a Brit, but why would you want to be stateless?
??’?’????????????????. Number 1 muscle ??. No Cancer ????????. Lions?? and bears?? and wolves?? at short (4-6) guts (Alkaline). Gorillas?? and bonobos and monkeys??, elephant ??, horses ?? et cetera, are are ‘vegan’, their guts are long (10-16) guts (Acid).????????????????????... https://youtu.be/nGZcZ73tohQ . Dire warning. UN, drought ??????, hurricanes ??????, World hunger. 6 minutes. You can do something, easy. https://youtu.be/bnUx7hyk8rk Science rules. That’s what science is. Science rules. https://youtu.be/QZ0K3eIGMls Pus ????????????????and blood ??in faeces ??????. It’s disgusting ????????. Vegan please !!! YouTube it, Page after page after page grossness ????????. ??????????????? no cancer ?? Meat is cancer??WHO ??????????Number 1 killer????????Early grave??... Number 2 ????????????????????????. 51% death rate ????????????????????????????????.... Vegans 4% ??????????????????????????????????.... These poor animals llll. Poor things. They didn’t do anything wrong. They’re innocent. Purely innocent ??. Slaves ??????????... Pay someone else to do it for you, coward ????. Hypocrite. Hitler and Stalin did the same, Holocaust big-time. Karma. ???. Please. Go vegan, help the world, and the animals. Plant-based strong ???????????? you will live alone time. That’s perfect, Science proves it again and again and again.... ???? beetroot,????????????, pumpkin seeds, porridge, oats???????? ?????????????????? ????????????, seaweed, Nori Japan(eBay cheap), lentils, vegan curry ???????? Japanese green tea ????, ???????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????? eat like a king ??, and not get fat ????????????. It’s science ?? (??Dr. Milton Mills, Dr. John McDougall, Dr. Neal Barnard, Dr. Caldwell Esselstyn, Dr. Michael Klaper, Dr. T. Colin Campall PhD, Dr. Pamela Popper, Dr. Ellsworth Wareham, Dr. Michael Gregor, Dr. Sofia Pineda Ochoa, Dr. Joel Fuhrman, Dr. John Kelly, Dr. Brenda Davis, Dr. Brooks Goldner...??)
What if dashlame gets hacked? Interested topic, boring advertisement
Where can I get my 'Citizen of the World' designation?
Earlier this year in Australia, a citizenship fiasco almost brought down the federal government, because while Australia allows dual citizenship, you cannot hold dual citizenship when you stand for election to a government position.
Why and when did they start with tinting movies, and why? I can't find mutch about it and it's rare talking about in documentary's .
That starting frame though
I'm confused... where exactly do you deport someone to who has no citizenship?
...."that have found themselves in the unfortunate state of being stateless." Nice one :D
Should be deported to New Jersey.
People from NI are gonna love that map.Hope you like the smell of petrol
Im not going to cry for people having chosen to remove all citizenship having a hard time.
Is it true that America federal taxation depends on proximity to a federal office building? I heard that if I obtained dual citizenship with the United States and Canada, and lived in Canada, I would have to pay taxes to both countries, but only if I lived within some set range of an American federal building such as an embassy. If not, was this ever true and where did the idea come from?
So somehow the US got it right with citizenship by birth, yet is the only major country that hypothetically allows people to renounce their citizenship to become stateless... Weird lol
I thought Gandhi was in the thumbnail.
Why are we here?? To be the property of governments and pay taxes.
Stop moving your hands ??
Lmao these crooks charge $2300 to LEAVE? What a joke.
Not accurate, If you're born out of wedlock in Saudi Arabia, you still get the Saudi passport. You also get a stipend and free housing if you don't have known parents.
Fascinating. It gives a person something to think about. Thank you for a great video.
To everyone in the comments bitching about taxes: lol the US already has some of the lowest taxes in the world when it comes to personal income (and now business after last year), even several states that wont tax you at the state level. Stop trying to be edgy, I know its "hip" these days to be edgy.
Now that the US is going after non-native-born citizens, what's the situation for a Brit (not myself, I would never hand myself over to those b*****ds) who became a US citizen, thereby having to give up their UK citizenship and then loses it?
please dont start ya videos with a sponsor blurb. its annoying and we just skip it
I'll admit, I was assuming the rise in renunciations was due to sovereign citizen nuttiness.
So if one expects to be successful on their own later in life, renounce citizenship before one is successful. Noted, thank you.
People of earth... How much of complexity must there be in diversity of the mind?
Huh. I wonder if a nation can both demand tax... and disallow renouncement like Morocco does.
A former colleague sometimes had an interesting time with his status, since his birth certificate was issued by the (short-lived) Government of Biafra.
Nice Schengen Graphic... except Austria is also part of Schengen whereas Great Britain is not.
I AM A SOVEREIGN CITIZEN
Hmm, pandering to the state for a receipt of sentient existence? Sounds like a battered wife thinking it's her, and one day the abuser will change [for the better]. William Paley, wrote something like, "No governor will ever do anything to abridge their own power, and no government will ever provide for it's own dissolution." (1780ish) The next level to this is in the realm of pure Psychology; as in, there in no state/god (Psychologically, euphemisms). You could say, there is a Psychology beyond Civil Disobedience; and that is purely in a sentient state of individual existence. The biggest con in "human" history is the idea of "we"; beyond this mass of confusion that is this "we", is the sacred, eternal, and true "me". All associations are Psychological injuries.
This is exactly what the Bible says regarding the Mark of The Beast. Without the Mark a person can't buy, sell, own property, or have rights. They are at the mercy of the state. Whoever refuses the mark will be killed. Blah blah blah Well, hopefully everyone realizes that they're not bound to the system. It's the other way around. The system is bound to the people. If enough people refuse the system then there is no system
I was born in Landshut, Germany and was stateless until I was adopted and got citizenship in the U.S.A.
Or move to one of those places that nobody has claim to. I think there's one on the Serbian border. Or alternatively disappear into the wilderness and live there away from civilisation. Also, wasn't there a UK law where you got 2 acres of land to live on?
Seems like an easy thing for the US to fix.
Governments are criminal organizations.
The ultimate survival test well one thing ur going to need one of those gadgets that produce clean drinking watet
Welcome to america. Where people just show up and expect us to take them with no recourse. It's pretty pathetic how much people could care less about our borders
You missed Belgium. Belgium requires you to state you want to stay a Belgian at 21. Lots of Belgians working overseas forget this or don't know this. They find out when they apply for a passport renewal and find that they are no longer citizens. Happens all the time.
Oh yes, 2010 when idiot white collar fiends left than rather pay for their crimes or fair share.
Hey Simon, I've come to trust your work over the past couple of years watching you and wanted to ask a question i was hoping you'd make a video for. I've been reading from other sources such as: http://marriage-equality.blogspot.com/ ; that birth defects from inbreeding and the watermark effect aren't as common as most people believe and I'm unsure of whether to trust them. I was hoping that you could examine the research yourself and give us/me a better understanding on the subject
I guess if you are renouncing your US citizenship, the second step should be to legally change your name in another country, so that FBI file on you be rendered worthless.
Send them to Antarctica.  That's a stateless continent.
Me? I am from... *puts shades on* nowhere.
I will give up my Norwegian citizenship, and get a danish one, because I prefer freedom. But in Europe you don’t need a passport because there are no passport control which is very bad.
4 million dam we need to get them the hell outta here !
I'd rather be stateless then be a subject to any nation's authority. Also as much of a sarcastic remark that is, there is a certain idea, that one is completely independent from another, and thus not subject to the control of another person or group. This is a idea on individuality, not individual sovereignty. Citizenship is one of those things that is only official and not really worth a damn thing in the real world. It groups you into a collective and restricts your rights. This makes it completely procedural, and in some ways oppressive. The fact is that one is an individual, not subject to anyone's control, even the governments. This paired with the fact that governments derive their power from the people allowing them to have power, means that as a matter of fact, when a country has a way to identify their own and document their own, means that in a certain sense, those individuals are being spied on and controlled by the state. it sounds more like 1984 then it does freedom. so thus i can't agree with it. but i also tend to want to knee cap governments overall but still.
I'm assuming Sovereign citizens are different from country less citizens?
Yeah I find it kind of interesting that you quote Rangel the guy who got busted for refusing to pay taxes having property Investments in the Caribbean and one hell of a large bank account down there hiding his ill-gotten booty. The Tax Act was really simple how dare people have money where Obama couldn't get his hooks into it. It was a Democrat double and triple taxing scam. You get to pay the taxes on it when you earn it and then you get a pay more taxes on it for keeping it offshore. It's not that difficult to grasp or understand. But since you tend to take the leftist view on everything we're quite sure you want to muddy the waters up
Bonus fact: The US is one of the few countries that bestows citizenship based on your being born on US soil. Your parents don't have to be US citizens, they don't even have to be here legally. There is now some debate questioning if that should be changed or even if it can be changed without a constitutional amendment. Soil-based citizenship was accidentally introduced into US law by the 14th amendment that granted US citizenship to former slaves. At the time they certainly weren't contemplating hordes of pregnant Mexican women deliberately but illegally crossing the border in order to give birth on American soil.
Hey, Michael V sauce here?
The moral of this story? Don't renounce your citizenship unless you have citizenship elsewhere and don't "Immigrate" Illegally.
4 million stateless people in the USA need to be removed as a blight on our country.
It's too bad I can't get my education without the advertising at the end of it.
My question, If a mother is arrested abroad " outside of her home country" and gives birth in Jail, which citizenship will the baby be given? The country of his mom or the one where his mom was jailed in?
In Kuwait this is a big problem, as there are a large number of stateless people who are a part of the population.
Dude I thought you were Vsauce.
On the other hand, what is the maximum number of countries one could be considered a citizen of simultaneously, at least in theory?
Just move to California. They love illegals.
i recently got a state ID after my passport expired. But it's crazy what they require now. I came with my Birth Certificate, Social Security Card, Voter Registration, USPS Change of Address Letter, my last bank statement with current address, and it still wasn't enough. I needed a second proof of my current address from the last 90 days. The check boxes for identity and citizenship each require one item, however, residency requires two and both must be recent. Seriously, they would not count my official change of address letter because it was from when I last moved which was years ago, lolz.
Gotta pay to not be a citizen... so we're almost all born into slavery. Anyway, are there any actual benefits to being stateless or are do you have no choice but to be pushed around by big bully countries?
Do you think we will ever get over ourselves and just have people being a resident of the planet? Ie no more countries and discrimination thereof. I mean people talk about this race and that race, there is only ONE race on this planet and that is the human one.
on the bright side, all hostile acts while stateless you can technically claim as an act of war, since you are technically our own government.
You can say you're a refugee and live in Sweden.
Take a shot when he says citizenships.
Friedrich Nietzsche was stateless. I’m guessing it was a bit easier to get away with in 19th century Europe.
some people have the opposite problem. my father emigrated from Israel to Australia at the age of 7, he was raised Australian and considered himself to be Australian, as Israel did not accept renunciation of citizenship (rules may have changed) when he visited some extended family in Israel he was in trouble for having skipped out on his national service. they did, however, accept a promise that he would come back and do it soon, in what seemed like a standard workaround for the situation, it did mean he functionally couldn't go back after that point because Israeli law considered him to be a citizen who had broken their national military service laws. so he was in the odd position of being unable to visit a country because he was born there. note these events occurred in the late 70s and my father died in 95, rules may have changed in that time.
Hey, Simon, you always say that so-and-so sponsored your video such as Tunnel Bear, Square Space and other services but yet you've never done a Today I Found Out about any of them, you only do TIFOs about other random stuff, what's up with that?
Is there such a thing as a UN citizen? I think the UN offers passports (for some functionaries, etc). Does that mean you can be a "Citizen of the World"?
What happens to the immigrant if you marry an immigrant they get the citizenship then later on u get divorced? Do they get deported
So if you win the $1.6+Billion USD lottery as a US citizen, you could renounce your citizenship before claiming the ticket ($2,359). Pay taxes 30% non-US withholding ($480,000,000) when claiming ticket as a stateless citizen, get the $, then apply for a EB5 visa ($1,000,000) to regain permanent citizenship. This way you could avoid the 37% short term capital gains tax ($592,000,000) and save yourself $111,997,641 USD.
Once i met a crazy guy in a parking lot of a parts store. He lived in an old broken down RV with a bunch of satellite dishes on it and aluminum foil on the sides. So yea crazy. He ended up telling me that our social security number is a way to send our tax money to the British government for our independence and thats how it been for years. Then you can renounce your citizenship and sue the government for this because its illegal and you would win then get several million from the government then you have 3 days to leave the country. He said he buy a sail boat and that is what he was working towards So yea many holes in his theory but crazy to say the least
'Murica~! They like to be different. -_-;
So a sovereign citizen then? :p
Incarcerated on a whim? How about you host them?
4 million? hahaha more like 30 million in the US
If we got rid of the 'born here = automatic citizen' it could encourage more immigrants to arrive young and integrate themselves into our society better since then they'd have to either go through the acquiring citizenship process or get an american spouse if they wanted their kids to be american citizens.
Any bets on how many drunk renouncements will be caused by seeing this video :D
none of this is in the good of humanity. society must change
Why are all his video's always from the perspective of an American? There's more people in the world you cuck
You forgot a big reason people become stateless, occupation. I have no citizenship because of the Israeli occupation.
But the other thumbnail was so intriguing...
Your Schengen map misses Austria! =) Hahaha - take that Habsburgers! Also UK and Ireland is not part of it Schengen... Espcpecially now given Brexit.... =(((((
Are you still a British citizen?
Curious if you are referencing this in regards to migrating and becoming a citizen elsewhere or merely separating yourself from the crown and the Vatican imposed laws on a falsely themed free land like the United States?
So if you choose to become stateless voluntarily by renouncing your citizenship in say the UK, but don't apply for citizenship in another country, it just won't happen at all?
My Father and Aunt were born in the New Hebrides, however their family moved on before it became Vanuatu. They were not aware that upon the formation of Vanuatu all past citizens had to apply for a UK or French citizenship... so missed out. Thus my Aunt and Father were stateless. both my grandparents were Australian, however it was not until much later in their life (after thy had been living in Australia for most of their lives, spent most of their childhood in Australia, had been voting, paying taxes, and generally been calling themselves Australian citizens) that they realised they were not officially citizens. Luckily it was not difficult. They just had to prove that my grandparents (their parents) were citizens, then it was sorted that they had technically been citizens all along... even though they had no physical evidence other than parentage to back it up.
Can someone count how many times he said citizenship?
Lol @ people who think they need a state.
Sorry, I can’t take all the ads.
If you renounce your citizenship from USA, the US will automatically assume you are a criminal.
Countries should pass a law where a person can't renounce citizenship if said person cannot provide proof that they are citizens of another country ensuring that person have somewhere to be deported to if that person renounces citizenship to the country they are in if citizen at all
Anyone from Latvia here?
So do you support trump? Cuz if that's the thing I well STOP following this Channel and I think it's hilarious that I just watched a commercial about Trump and building walls in America first on this channel
I am born and raised in Sweden and became stateless. After 2 years I became 18 and could apply for a swedish passport.
i just did this to become a citizen of Pochinki
Make a video on why most watch ads have time 10:10
https://youtu.be/XIrxOLc5Cbs
Just don’t become a stateless person....
My brother was born in a UN refugee hospital and the US consider him stateless
Well such renouncing were announced by celebrities around 2016 elections
U can say what U want. But if you do it,,, you better have A place to go?????? N be sure????? Where do you go off to????
Sounds a lot like you're criticizing the US on how they handle "stateless" people when many of those "stateless" people are illegal aliens.. Illegal aliens are often "stateless" because they come to the US without documentation, on purpose most of the time and assume a different identity.. They do this to complicate the deportation procedure in hopes of being able to stay in the US. There is absolutely nothing wrong with detaining "stateless" people because let's be honest, they probably shouldn't be in the USA to begin with and it's not the responsibility of the American tax payers to support every undocumented person that slips across the border.
What happened to your glasses? Did you not like them?
The moment you realize the hair on his head renounced their citizenship and emigrated to his face. :)
You can't access a bank account without using a commercial identity (your name in all capitals, essentially your business name) because real people can only access real money, not digital currency backed by nothing, same for access to corporate government employee social security funds, and of course pay income tax used to pay the ever increasing central bank (federal reserve) interest on currency loaned to the government by said private banks. Same goes for getting a driver's licence to enable you to work for the government or companies outsourced by the government as a driver under contract. (Driving in a legal sense is commercial, and under contract, by government, and as such needs to be regulated so our police, ambulance, bus, taxi and truck drivers are safely using our public roads for profit while delivering services to the public.
Natural born citizenship is recognized by soil of birth (jus soli), not blood (jus sangunis).
11:00 to skip second in-video ad.
So the US makes a weird and unnatural law to try and stop tax evasion but it doesn't actually address how people realisticly avoid taxes... I'd love to see a today I found out that talks about shell companies and proxy ownership techniques that people use to avoid taxes and other problems. For what it's worth, shell companies also provide harmless or helpful utility. Like they help people avoid kidnapping and criminal attention (though most Americans don't need that aspect of shell companies). They also make it easier for lots of investors from many different countries to pool their money together and avoid lots of paperwork. For example, a shell company might own a US investment so that the investors don't all need to do a complicated tax filing (only the shell company itself needs to do the paperwork). Though I don't really know how all this shell company business works
Just making an observation. I've seemed to notice that more often than not the ad I see on your videos is of Prager U. Not to get too political but as someone that explores history as you do I would suggest reviewing their ability to profit off of your credibility to push their political ideals. Prager U is well know for morphing historical fact to fit into their narrative, I just feel that they are not the thing to preceed a fact based video. I worry that they may have an effect on your credibility to new viewers, and others alike that may link the ad to your content in some way. Again just a thought.
Simon is an example of how YouTube should be. Keep up the amazing work on all your channels man.
Earth Passport!
That ad for dashlane is just stupid. Unless dashlane is the one conducting the breach they don't instantly know and thus can't tell you straight away. The best it can do is if the public announces it or they find it being sold on the relevant section of the dark web.
I was about to scroll past and then I was like “....wait. What does happen?”
Interesting video, as always. I'm liking the new background.
your dick falls off... even if you don't have one.
Here is something to think about: what happens when you renounce your citizenship, and die before you can get another nationality?
What happens if you're born in an airplane, or boat in/over international waters
You just die you disintegrate
You know I was honestly randomly thinking about this the other day
I thought a bunch of liberals were supposed to do this?
The further I got through this video, countries/nations started to look more and more like mafias or something. They're not of the people, they're just a super XL sized gang.
I really enjoy your videos, it's definitely one of my favorite YouTube channels ??? it's really important to mention detention of immigrants in the US is largely motivated by profit as detention centers are private, not state run. Asylum seekers can be detained for literally years - doing nothing but following the law of presenting themselves to a point of entry - all the while companies (that happened to lobby for state and federal laws encouraging a minimum national detention quota) have every incentive to keep them detained for as long as possible.
Another seamless shift to a promo. How do you do it so well?
Damn. This probes what we all knew: The USA are jus fucking dumb.
Has anyone ever tried to send a message in a bottle or is that just a trope invented by Hollywood
Can you please make a long audio compilation of these as a podcast or something. So i can listen to these while driving or working? Would be awesome :)
Simon, Paul from the US, Charlie Wrangle know all about the tax laws. He owes the IRS a lot of money in back taxes.
Where do you get your glasses? I ask because you are in a state of looking good ^_-
Will you do a video on world citizen? Its only like 200 usd and fairly easy.
I thought they just drop you in the middle of international water.
always great to see you Simon , but if you upload under different names , how do i find you ? why not simply your name...........
Yet another incredibly well-researched and eloquent presentation. Well done.
What if I was stateless in stasis while weightless in a spaceship?
Difficulty getting a bank account must vary between countries. I've been to several countries where opening a bank account as a US citizen has been easy. As long as you are not transferring or storing large sums of money, I guess, and have a job in that country; there should be no problems.
At 2:16, should be 4,000, not 4 million.
Really? Double taxation?
aaaaaand that's where {{DASHLANE}} comes in...
I've been wondering about this very thing recently! TY Simon and Co. Jenn ?? in Canada ??
My sister had a home birth and her child was stateless for years.
This was of the most interesting in a long time.
Hello i wanted to write to you for an ep idea. I want to find out today why does it hurt when your heart gets broken??? i really want to know this please, or i want to find out why your heart hurts when things happen like the loss of a loved one, please help me.
A Brit got taxed without representation? Karma is great.
Once a US citizen, always a US citizen. Renounce it all you want, but within the US you will continue to be protected as a citizen under the Constitution.
I can't wait until Dashlane gets hacked.
Are there cases where a country claims you as a citizen and does not allow you to renounce it, even though you are a citizen of another country.
There are 4 million stateless people in the US? How is that possible? I've been a citizen of THREE countries.
Ironic, or maybe just well - placed, that the commercial before this video was the 45th US president denouncing liberal Americans who would allow non-citizens into the US. And oh yes, BUILD THE WALL! The 45th US president is not one I'm terribly proud of. I was very sad when President Obama left.
Fun fact: If an American renounces citizenship, and wants it back, he must become naturalized just like any other immigrant. But when Lee Harvey Oswald came back from the USSR after renouncing his citizenship, he was quietly given his citizenship back with no process. Hmmm.
This is great I've been wondering about this one.
If you renounce you are a moron. Even if you disagree you are handing over your own rights, like a Moron. You give up ALL your power. Idiots will be idiots.
I used to work with some guys that were illegal(Mexican guys). I(white as a ghost) would always joke with them and say when imitation comes to pick them up, I would throw my ID in the trash and tell them I'm from Mexico and see if they send me back to Mexico with them.
...did you conflate stateless people with illegal immigrants, thats not the same
Sponsorshit.
There's no limit to how many different citizenships one can hold, is there? I would think that as long as each country you are a citizen of does not require renunciation of other citizenships you could keep adding them.
I want to become a Colombian citizen. Im Puerto Rican
Back home, renouncing citizenship is simple. Sell any and all non-land property you may own, and never have another established non-land property within the borders. Owning land or having a land inheritance as well as non-land property inheritance doesn't count unless you live within the property bounds. Of course, there are a lot of people who have traveling citizenship only (mainly traveling merchants and those who rarely stay in one place for longer than the equivalent of a month), and they're merely partial citizens. One needs not a passport or documentation to travel through my homeland or settle there, just enough silver to purchase a Registry Contract, which can be sold at any given time.
wow another thing fucked up thing about america
I can already hear the immigrant song played in my brain while watching this video
What citizenship does/do Native Americans have? Has it/can it (US citizenship) be forced on them? Also, if they renounced US citizenship would they be trapped on the reservation? Hell, for that matter can/do they issue their own passports? What is their representation at the U.N.? Aaaaarrggghhh!!, so many questions! ????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????
Huh. Talked about citizenship on the way home work, now this. Is the point of being a citizen mostly so that you don't get arrested by own country?
That map of the Schengen area is so wrong. First Northern Ireland is part of the UK. Second, the UK and Ireland are not part of the Schengen area.
Thank you for answering this question that has been bugging me since I was a youth. Cheers!
Only 12 million stateless? There should be 7 billion
aaaaah,guys,unitoligy is trying make itself normalised by helping people?, why can't isic Clark come to this universe and what he did in dead space 3?
Illegal immigrants deportation =fair
so dash lane keeps all your info, its a joke
Any Michigan locals? About a minute in, the application has Washtenaw County spelled as Weshtenaw. Lol woops.
I do believe you don't know the legal definition of citizen
Obama really messed things up back in 2010.
So if you are drafted can you renounce your citizenship to not be drafted or can you still be drafted?
Can you do a video about the st nazaire raid by any chance
There's a handful of officially unclaimed areas of land around the world. They should name one and declare all stateless people citizens of that place.
Dashlane sounds shady, I would not trust a single company with all of my passwords and info. It's a disaster waiting to happen.
How can a stateless person travel abroad ? Who gives them a passport ?
Show those ICE agents' faces, you coward! You showed the guy they were grabbing, why not them?!
Being poor makes getting a bank account hard too..
Once the US assumes control over the world, this won’t be an issue. Everyone will either be a citizen or a subject of the United States.
Renouncing in the USA is $2350 and paying a tax on all your belongings, including you. You’re considered state property
The United States ALWAYS has to be the exception, even if there’s no good reason whatsoever to want to be the exception.
4:42 talking about the schengen area, but the first picture seems (very) wrong: rip austria? and UK/ireland is not part of the schengen area aswell. the 2nd picture seems right, but what should the first one represent?
Being born in international water on a foreign flagged ship causes issues with US citizenship also. And for tax and payroll purposes, A LOT of cruise lines fly under a foreign flag. Something to think about for all you soon to be parents before taking a cruise in the 3rd trimester.
Commercial before the commercial. Then a commercial in the middle. And then a commercial at the end. Almost leaves time for some interesting facts. I need to remind myself why am I watching commercials. I mean why am I watching this video
They usually just give you funny looks, pull your chain a little bit, and call the nice men in the white coats.
Regarding stateless persons competing in the Olympics not everyone who walks behind the Olympic flag during the Opening ceremonies is stateless. Occasionally the IOC will invite select athletes as guests of the Olympics whose nations are prohibited from formally participating due to persistent bad behavior either athletically (like Russia recently because of doping) or due to war or other highly objectionable policies (frequently applicable to Middle Eastern nations).
TIFO: Giving interesting answers to questions I would have never thought to ask.
we live in a stupid society, why does some paperwork mean more then someones worth
The UN declaration on stateless persons requires the host country to issue "identification suitable for travel", but good luck with that.
Involuntary statelessness is kind of what happened to Tom Hank's character in "The Terminal". His country's government was overthrown while he was on a plane to the U.S. so when he arrived the U.S. refused to recognize his passport. He was then stuck in the airport as due to a supposed quirk with immigration law the terminal was not quite U.S. soil but leaving the international terminal would make him an illegal immigrant.
What about situations where an individual is out of the country on vacation and his or her native country no longer exists i.e. conquered and absorbed by a larger more powerful country?
Ofc Murica is the most retarded one haha.....damn they have such a shitty non logical systems.
So. Captain America and Superman are essentially Stateless.
The more I learn how broken the American immigration system is, the more I want to scream ??????
Baldman, Teller of tales and tailor of tells. Why is your talking so different? Are you from another land?
FYI but the ad for this video was a Trump wall petition. BARF
Why do you show the Irish flag over Northern Ireland?
If you renounce your citizenship does that mean that you no longer have to pay income taxes?
Then there's this tale of "never hearing anything about the United States as long as you live": https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3l58h77Z-rA G'bye"Tax Evaders," we won't miss you...ever!
Are spoons and forks the same size across the world?
But what if you reject your humanity?
Another way to involuntarily renounce your Citizenship ( For a US citizen.) is to join a foreign military and become an official officer of that military.
To those who renounced their USA citizenship Thanks bye don't let the door hit you in the a++ on the way out
I'm not driving, i'm travelling
Let's just grant citizenship to a country with no territory, no laws, and no benefits or responsibilities that citizenship confers to stateless people.
'Hey i'm a baby' 'Here's a contract you've signed by breathing: You belong to us and if you don't want to then you need to pay us a fuck tonne of money. You must be on time for the bus, but the bus does not have to be on time for you'
There’s a difference between being stateless and being a Mexican citizen illegally immigrating to America. Don’t mix your arguments??
Did Charles Littledick write this one??
I haven't even finished the commercial but, BOOM new country? Don't let me down reality!
On January 19, 1943, the dutch Crown Princess Juliana gave birth to Princess Margriet in a hospital in Canada's capital city, Ottawa. In Canada, citizenship is given to anyone born on Canadian soil, however back then, the children of Dutch citizens couldn't get Dutch citizenship if they were born in foreign lands. Without Dutch citizenship, Princess Margriet would have lost her place in the line of succession to the throne. In order to remedy this situation, the Canadian federal government declared the maternity ward of that hospital to be temporarily "International Territory", thus negating the Canadian citizenship she would have gotten and using a loophole in the Dutch laws since she wasn't technically born in a foreign country.
I wouldn't pay a dime for renouncing my citizenship, I never agreed to it in the first place, didn't choose to be born. SO If I would want to renounce my US. citizenship I'd gladly do it in front of the respected authorities, but I won't pay shit. They could pay me for my birth then, That's their logic. Renounce citizenship, secure other citizenship, move there. Hey the US says I owe taxes because I never paid the renounce fee. Good luck trying to get those taxxxxxes
Just move to *Germany.* They accept *ANYONE.*
Wonder if you have to pay taxes if you renounce
Do they half to pay taxes??
When I became Canadian in 80's, I automatically lost my American citizenship. The US at the time didn't allow its citizens to become dual-nationals. At some point the law was changed but I assume I'm still un-American in citizenship as well as attitude.
Well at least Boris got stiffed out of some money...
How do US Nationals differ from US Citizens (i.e., people from American Samoa)?
Put 100 stateless people on a cargo plane and make them skydive to a small Russian island.
Just got an ad about Trump's Wall. They know....
So Boris Johnson would be eligible to be elected as US President.
They are called Illegals. And they can get a drivers license, vote, free college, free housing etc.
In Canada they have an old law on the books where a child is considered equivalent to chattel. If an immigrant man marries a female citizen and has children and does not become a citizen, if they divorce before the children become adult the children become property of the father and since he is not a citizen neither are they. Since they were born in Canada and not his native country there is a good chance they would not be eligible to be citizens of their father's country as well.
Thumbs down for the repeated advertising.
Humans are so stupid. You'll never find a cat respecting imaginary borders and pretending it's ok to decide where strangers can live. This is what happens when gyms form cartels and force everyone to have a gym membership. Statism is one of the worst religions.
More than two grand to give the U.S. government the finger!!! Something sounds wrong with this!!!
Because America rocks, and if you decide to leave you can stay gone.
Please do an video on if hypnosis is real
Catch 22.????
Wow....Murika!
in europe citizenship is often decided by bloodline. its a stupid old thing nobody thought of changing i guess. or noone talks about it. the american way is the revolutinary way of the early colonization.
I'm pretty sure you become a smelly bridge troll
Two ads and a promotion in one video?? Jeez you guys really are trying to squeeze every cent out of your wiki search and regurgitation
Do you have a video on dual citizenship?
Wow, I did not know any of this. Very informative video, love your channel.
Saudia Arabia does not have 'Citizens'. They are Subjects of the crown.
FATCA did NOT create a new tax burden for Americans. Americans have always been required to report worldwide income and the section 911 foreign earned income exclusion is still available. FATCA rather imposed nasty reporting burdens on foreign banks.
Austria ???? is not coloured on the map of Schengen Europe. Is that an error?
USC's four father's were immigrants. Who the fuck will take a time machine to go shoot the fuck out of those people
I hate this place so much. Immigration is fake.
Theres a fucking exit fee? Fuck these people.
I hate the USA.
Stateless is also fake.
Citizenship is fake idea.
South Africa is implementing the double tax as well, in 2019
5:02 why is Northern Ireland depicted as Ireland?
I'm surprised you didn't mention the World Passport - I know most counties don't recognise it, but I think it would have been great as a bonus fact!
We've got tons of people fleeing their corrupt Central/South American regimes to come here illegally as non-citizens, and here we have some people who have citizenship who pay money to give that up. God, some of my fellow countrymen are flipping stupid.
Ha, asked and answered. I was just commenting on another video about knowing someone who renounced their citizenship and was wondering to myself what the implications might be. Eerily coincidental timing!
Why is it so expensive to renounce your citizenship I would think that you can just burn your passport and not go back what are countries trying to make sure their citizens can't leave
Cue the sovereign citizens in 3, 2, 1...
Why would anybody do this?
So in short, the US is the easiest and most expensive country to renounce citizenship from, the country people would be most likely to want to renounce citizenship from if they live abroad, and the country that will treat you the worst after renouncing said citizenship.
in the United States when Social Security ends and Federal Retirements are cut, the renouncements are going to explode!
odd about the 1040a, and a docu I saw the other day about c. e. 1321 revolt, and the average Joe citizen, when residing in one state and working in another, the taxes are a mess, besides double taxation comments abroad... ??
how to get your brother in law kick out of the country, step 1 make a fake id in his name, step 2 renounce his citizenship and sign the paperwork your self using the fake ID, apply for citizenship far far away to a non eu country, keep using the fake ID, and wait for out government to kick him out of the country
Why are there so many “bonus facts”? Couldn’t they just be part of the actual script?? ... I’m perplexed ??
Just say you're from Atlantis.
you are spying on me aren't you
I had Dashlane once took an entire weekend to reinstall my O/S.
is it dashlane or john deere
The only thing necessary for a private, non dealer sale is cash.
As a hard core identity thief I will be out of business because of Dashlane. Sob. Why me! Come to think of it what is my citizenship status? Thieveland! Hmmm. Maybe I should renounce that and become a citizen of a better country!
But do they still have id's?
You become a SHITHEAD!!!
Time for a drinking game. Take a shot for every time he says citizenship.
the are no nativ russians in schengen,just colonist send by USSR !
Why can't "stateless people" be dropped off in the only area which is not a country, nor belongs to any other country: Antarctica.
I wonder if this is an effective way to get around taxes...
Fancy. After Southern Jutland was given back by the Germans following the first world war, my great grandfather didn't have his paperwork treated properly due to a feud with the guy who was supposed to deal with it. So now I'm a third generation immigrant despite my family being Danish for nearly a thousand years. Thanks stupid stateless shizzle.
John walker lynd, the American Taliban, was sent to jail for fighting for the taliban but didn't lose his citizenship. I thought one way to lose citizenship was to fight for a foreign nation?
US citizenship has been a major pain since 2010, if you are an expat like myself. Once my parents are gone I am going to renounce, since I need to protect my pension against double taxation. I also have no representation in Congress to complain to, which makes it impossible to try and get this issue changed. I'll keep my UK citizenship, however. Although depending on how Brexit shakes out, that may not be as valuable as it used to be.
If you make a will and go missing, would your things be given out even though you're not dead?
I think the United Nations should offer some kind of passport service. This at least would give a stateless person some kind of official identification document. A UN passport database could reveal any past criminal activity and other information to satisfy immigration authorities. Then any country should not have difficulty in admitting a stateless person and granting them the same visitation rights as any other person. You could then travel from country to country as long as you met all the other requirements.
U don't have to pay taxes
Please do a video on what it takes to be a citizen of other countries.
0:20 to skip the advertisement by Simon
The US is like a jealous ex-girlfriend lol
Deport all illegals
Thank to TIFO, I sound more educated to strangers than I really am
I know, If you renounce your citizenship , Then you can eventually become the President of United States , Just ask Obama
Why do they make it sound hard to find a country to take them? If they are stateless or their home country no longer wants them simply ask North Korea if they want them.
Now I'm looking for a reason to renounce my citizenship as an American. The many years of shity politicians taking rule sounds reasonable enough. #BanTheDNC #BanTheGOP
Tina Turner did it.
taxation is theft
Unfortunately one cannot renounce German citizenship ??
Why do all your slides look like pieces of paper with the same stain and crease on every one? Looks kinda hinky.
Cool now thanks to today i found out, I now know i can become a mononymous, stateless person.
Do a video about the man that has to live at airport
It wasn't $160,000. It was any amount in a bank account over $50,000.00 that triggered FATCA compliance. And double taxation is not just a matter of dealing with earned income, it was also dealing with passive income such as investments and disability savings accounts. I'd suggest going to http://isaacbrocksociety.ca/ for a more comprehensive breakdown of why expats chose renunciation as opposed to taking the word of a US Congressional blowhard.
I am still waiting for Miley Cyrus's promise to renounce her citizenship and move to Canada. Apparently mexico was not good enough for her. With great relief by the Canadian people she changed her mind and will not move to Canada to annoy Canadians with her freakishly long tongue.
Good timing, was contemplating renouncing my citizenship post brexit.
You’ll be paying foreign-body taxes and get fucked when you try to use your social security number. You can’t work now.
"They can be arrested without having commited any crime" False. Them being in the country is a crime.
Why on earth does anyone want to denounced their Citizenship if they dont have citizenship elsewhere? This baffles me, are these people stupid? Or insane?
Boris is a Yank?? HAHAHAHAHA That's awesome!
You should have talked about individuals with dual nationalities. Are they allowed to enlist in the military, especially if the countries they are citizens of are on opposing sides of the conflict? What about other rights citizens have; are they infringed if you have a dual nationality, especially in the previous case of two waring nations.
in the US you would just become an illegal alien, with all the benefits that come with it.
This is some disgusting statist propaganda!
interesting map of the eu members...the one with the flags...didn't realise until now that switzerland was part of the eu instead of austria^^
USA and Kingdom of Serbia signed in 19. Century deal about deportations. It is possible to crime individual that did crime in one country to be deported and answer for that crime in that country.
Your irish map is faulty! at 5.05
There are also some countries where you cant renounce citizenship. In Argentina for example it is against the constitution to renounce citizenship, so you can sign or declare what you want and still come in the next day and get a new passport.
Simon, We love you.
Why not just demand that you can prove foreign citizenship before you can renounce your citizenship? That should solve some problems.
Well British citizens are definitely lucky, if they don’t get citizenship after a certain period of time they are given their British citizenship back. I wish more countries would follow the lead of the British government.
But what about if you want to get the citizenship back later?
Sigh. I got a Scientology ad and a Wall Petition Trump/Pence ad on this video. I wonder wtf YouTube is using to target ads...
Wow, I literally had this topic (among others) today in a university lecture on international law. This timing is almost unsettling.
Um what is with the brick wall shot for 2 secs at the end
I really do like the absence of a shitty tacky youtube thumbnail.
Great lead ins to ur sponsors. Love it! And everything else!
I guess there is no such thing as a "Citizen of the World" unless you are Superman.
Good topic dry video
Basically, you're a cow.
The different and more complex one as well is a baby that is born on a flight, parents might have different passports, the plane might be registered in one country, the aeroplane companies country of origin might be different but you could be flying over a different country. The new born can have either of these countries as their country of birth... work that one out... even worse if the plane is leased as well as that adds another...
Yes, the Supreme Court technically ruled in 1948 in Zadvydas v. Davis that indefinite detention is unconstitutional. HOWEVER, in Jennings v. Rodriguez, a case from earlier this year, the Supreme Court said that there is no constitutional right for a bond hearing in immigration cases for non-citizens (so undocumented, visa holders, or green card holders). Can you guess what you need to get out of detention? Yup, a bond hearing. Essentially, the Supreme Court made indefinite detention constitutional for non-citizens.
"Man will never be free until the last king is strangled with the entrails of the last priest." -Denis Diderot Should amend that to add "as the last state crumbles and the last tax man chokes on his own dick".
The government drops you off into the middle of the nearest ocean. Nuff said.
4:40 is not showing the Schengen Area. Austria is missing. And the British Isles are no full member. There is a passport check when going from Germany to the UK. Been there, done that.
How can I claim sovereign citizenship?
Technically, US citizens were required to file taxes in the USA even before FATCA passed, but (as you mention) most people did not have to file in the event that they didn’t earn enough to make compliance worth pursuing. It was just that FATCA started enforcing this even more strictly, in order to keep rich and wealthy individuals from just failing to report income. The gains from increased enforcement of taxes from these individuals was expected to offset the costs spent on ensuring compliance from everyone… Of course, no thought was given to the small guys who sometimes did not even earn enough to even qualify for filing taxes in the first place, if only they were living in the USA. This happened to my sister, who even though if she lived in the USA earned so little that even filing her taxes was deemed unnecessary, let alone not needing to pay any, but now finds herself needing to file her back taxes to validate that she does not owe anything before she can shell out the 2.5k to renounce her citizenship.
It's Charlie Rangel (like rangle); less of a congressman & more of a corrupt snake. Many ethics & campaign violations (was one of the most corrupt members of Congress, now it's Maxine Waters).
I've been trying to find an Seer to this for years ??
Jews like him don’t care about citizenship
Lmao anyone else get an impeach trump ad?
what if someone was born on a boat in international waters?
This is freakin' awesome! Two ads by DonaldTrump.com before and during this video. The irony... :D
A colleague of mine was a US citizen. He lived and worked for decades in Germany. From him I first heard he had to file a tax declaration for the US as well and they had to use the bank account of his wife for everything. He renounced his US citizenship a few years back because according to him “it was a pain in the ass”. He now has German citizenship as he is married to a German women. He also told me about the “nice” papers he got informing him that he is now on a watchlist. Crazy US treating him kinda like a traitor.
I should try that.
there is a reason why paul mccartny and rod stewert live in america
lol, tell all the people in the ghettos from the 90's screamin "FUCK DA POLICE and FUCK AMERICA!" about renouncing citizenship.... bet none of them would lol.
Can you do renunciation of various Religions next?!?
Just say you're from Wakanda.
as the world gets smaller they will probly have a global citizen status where a large group of countries agree to allow certain people to be citizens across the board. You might be able to then travel around the world without ever setting foot in a country where youre not a citizen. But world war 3 will probly keep that from happening
So far we haven been able to find how to renounce the UK citizenship without being in the UK and also it very expensive.
I'm an American who moved overseas in 2010. That Act has made it nearly impossible to get a bank account where I live, and I can't obtain legal residency without one. As a result, I have to bounce between the US, non-Schnegkin countries and my primary home in Greece every 90 days to avoid huge fines for over-staying. I make waaay less than $100,00 a year.
its interesting that govments can stop free humans from traveling upon the planet earth as if to say, hey you human, what do you think youre doing, walking on planet earth? How dare you. We will stop you from being on the surface of the earth with deadly force. Strange, very strange
MURICA AMIRITE
Argentina doesn't allow you to renounce your citizenship while Norway doesn't allow you to have dual citizenship (for now). This leaves a somewhat awkward conflict if an Argentinian wants a Norwegian citizenship. As far as i know the Norwegian government kinda buckles in this case and just allow them to get a Norwegian citizenship, but not without a hassle.
I know someone that doesn't know her birthday or age! She was born in Turkey but her parents didn't announce her birth until years later, where the state forced her to be registered and given citizenship, but at that time they had forgotten when she was born. To make things worse for her, she does suffer of one dozen genetic diseases. None of the serious ones, but enough to keep her busy... Why? Her parents are related by blood and it appears to be not the first case of (legal, since cousin) incest on her family...
The first frame of the video is expression gold.
What is the answer? Don't renounce the only citizenship you have, you dolt!
What you have stated about Saudi is false, because there is a system for orphans and unclaimed children. They are given names but the last name wouldn’t be a family name only a generic second name. They are cared for and receive support until the age of 18. There are programs to help them after, but they are limited.
The map of Europe that has the respectful country's flag over them in the shape of the said country which when you spoke about Schengen Area, is not entirely correct. That is because Croatia is not a member of the Schengen Area, but is a member of the EU and is legally obligated to join. Neither are Bulgaria and Romania.
You live in an airport like Tom hanks
There's another way of being born stateless: e.g. in India you can order fertilised eggs to be implanted into an uhm breeder, which then carries out your child. If you're e.g. German where such a practice is illegal, the state will refuse your parentage, even if both the egg and sperm donor have the correct citizenship! India on the other hand doesn't want any additional mouths to feed and won't hand out Indian citizenship either!
its more like subjectship
What if you're born on a ship or plane above international sea?
This episode is for me. I was wondering about this issue a few weeks ago What's up Simon, have you heard me ??? Thanks Simon Regards, Ahmad,
I guess you make some of these videos a long time in advance (which isn't a bad thing) Jeremy Hunt has been Foreign Secretary for a few months now. The US has the weirdest rules on citizenship in the world, born there to foreign parents on holiday good news you could be president one day, born as a 10th+ generation American in another country, you can be a citizen, but you ain't never being president.
I'm proud to be Canadian and would never want to renounce my citizenship. I AM CANADIAN !
Should stateless people be giving a rebate on their taxes since they do not receive the same kind of protection from the state as citizens?
Why is your pot-plant wearing a tie? Are we doing formalwear for vegetation now?
If you are illegally in a country, you aren't being arrested for "no reason"... You're being arrested for the crime of illegally entering the country. FFS.
Classic Gerald, always messing it up
Are there benefits to renouncing your citizenship i dont understand why anybody would want to do this
SEASTEADING,
5:55 Pretty much only new world countries do that. European countries generally have citizenship by blood. Jus Sanguinis. Politicans only added laws on top of that without changing that, which over time muddled the law and made it almost into what other new world countries have.
Your shengen area map is incorrect; the UK is not in the shengen agreement.
How many citizenship can a person hold, I have 2 currently.
You have done well
@04:40 Thats not a map of schengen, UK and Irland is not part of it but Switzerland is.
Good information!
That guy at 13:42 looks like donald trump......
Renounce your citizenship, but don't belong to another country... So a flag burning Democrat?
Can we sell this idea to sovereign citizens?
Any Americans on here done this? I'm just curious why anyone would, seems like a pain in the ass with no benefit. I would do it to immigrate but otherwise, what's the upside?
My wife have three citizenships.
I once looked this exact question up for where I live (Germany), and the bottom line is that after no more than 6 months you get "bounced back", you will be considered a German citizen again and you can get yourself a new passport by presenting your birth certificate or equivalent means of identification (and paying the associated administrative fee).
23andMe should give free DNA tests to people who could otherwise become stateless if they could not provide proof of citizenship, or at least try to prove it with your ancestors.
Despite being born as a US citizen. I had to renounce my Japanese citizenship when I joined the USAF.
Are there any laws stopping you from creating a solar town, that belongs to no country, in the ocean collecting and recycling trash while cryptocurrency mining off of satellite internet?
Why would you ever do this? If you want to be from somewhere else get citizenship
Why would you want to be stateless, instead why not save 15% or more on trivago
What happens if a prisoner renounces citizenship?
Can you do a video on the potential problems or even perks of having dual citizenship? If already done please let me know. I was born in Germany to Americans who were visiting. It's more complicated than that but that's the basics .. was told I have dual citizenship by my mom but have never have had any problems yet lol
shiddizinship.......
You turn into Jason Bourne. :D
And what about the sov/cit. fools that are springing up in various areas that are pissing alot ot people off.
8:25 HOW did i know the exception was going to be America............? WOW - who would have guessed.
One more reason why I'd never want to be American.
Before starting the video, I already know. This is one of the worst mistakes anyone could ever make in some countries.
I hereby formally renounce my citizenship. Thanks for this opportunity.
How to play hard mode IRL Become stateless Give all your personal info to 4chan
And here I thought if you're stateless you had to live perpetually out in international waters or in an airport terminal, like in that Tom Hanks movie
If they can be deported they aren't immigrants.
I was kinda hoping Juan Mari Brás would be included in at least the 'bonus facts'.
end of sponsored content at 11:00
If that ever happens to me I would travel the world, evade the law, and become an urban legend.
These reasons for kids being born stateless is absolutely insane. Children should always be given a state via where they are born.
You got the wrong maps for Schengen Zone. Not all EU countries are in Schengen.
Good info for any current US citizens.
Heh, we fought a revolution over taxes, and now look at us.
I'll stick with lastpass, sorry.
This is about sovereign citizens. They renounce adherence to laws of any land while expecting everyone else treat the sovereign citizen equally under the law. Enjoying the fruit without participating. Declaring sovereign citizenship should be treated as renouncing citizenship since they no longer want to follow and be part of society.
Dude When david attenbrouah leaves BBC u should replace him.
If you're an American trying to open an account in a foreign country they'll tell you to go FATCA yourself.
At least we still have the right to willingly give up all of our rights. Why one would do this is beyond me, there's millions of people that risked their lives just to get in the US.
TL;DR - You're screwed. Mostly because of the Passport regime since the 1920s.
What happens is that you stop being a slave to the state, but you can't live there anymore, and you loose everyting you own.
You could get your background a bit nicer by adding some books to the empty shelf's, like an leather bound encyclopedia Britannica ??
Doesnt this disprove the notion of individual rights?
What if you are born at home and your parents never apply for an SSN for you and you're homeschooled? No birth certificate. Stateless?
That beard is on point! Smart, sexy, ambitious, awesome accent....mmm mmm mmm.
Am I being detained?
so if a person renounces his citizenship from country A, and then proceeds to commit a crime in country B, does this mean that country A no longer has liability towards said person's actions?
Love this Channel keep it up
Is this jhonny sins official channel?
I know this is something people don't wanna hear but this EXACTLY why we need to get rid of nation states. This is getting ridiculous.
If you are a german and only german, it is impossible to renounce your citizenship - apparently. it's not I've tried
It's less trouble to get a passport and talk smack about your homeland in another country.
But they don't have to commit a second crime, they're already committing a crime by trespassing on national land.
Non citizens can GTFO
Girl you so sexy you’re jamaican me crazy ????
I would have been first but I actually watched the video first
I love the camera changes. Looks more professional and like a news station. Love the stuff you do. Can you do why Japan is a place seen as a nerd/anime full country. Like why they use it when in their commercial. Or why English is seen as the most difficult language to learn.
In the US, you can never buy or own a firearm again if you complete this process.
Why is your beard turning into Goldilocks?
Another great informative video! Keep up the wonderful work that you all do!
Can I resign as president and move to a different country?
Video was added 3 minutes ago 15likes 1 dislike video is 15minutes long hmmm
You want the truth: you looks like hitman lol.
Thanks Mr. Wonderful Friend Mr. Simon Whistler
Quaker Oats Federalist Froot Loops Republican Raisin Bran
Oof
OwO first
