???? LIKE THIS VIDEO & COMMENT FOR A SHOUT OUT???? ??More Overwatch Daily Videos - https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLgmVrkWqP3IdxRLqN2JqPN6DGu3JSePR2
Is it just me or is Ashe just a better Widowmaker? Headshot non-tanks, get height easily (now with damage!) throw an explosive that DOT's (but you can shoot it early and its an AOE!) and an ult that summons an extra TANK--WHO CAN APPARENTLY CONTEST THE POINT??? My god. And I thought I was tired of seeing Widowmaker in every damn game...
I think i’m gonna need to borrow Bruce’s credit card. I need a new setup in the Fortress of Solitude.
#stopbobabuse
? ?????? ??? ?????
"Bob do something." Bob stares at wall.
Whos eats cereal with water eww eww
Twomad of the day: DADDY
Or tired or to make funny
Needs a Nerf, immediately.
I'm Punk so I must rebel, I'm Asian so I must like maths, I die my hair crazy colors so I must be looking for attention, I'm Bob, So I must do something.
I think BOB is hero 30.
BOB = Michael Jackson : O
Wait what’s wrong with eating cereal with water
XQC can make a good flex main
Ashe looks fun, let’s se how long until everyone’s starts crying for her being too powerful
cereal used to be eaten with water, the only reason we use milk today is because of milk and cereal companies working together. thus the norm became the oddity.
10:00 My foster parents used to make me eat my cereal with water almost every morning, it was torture and disgusting.
poor bob
of course the twomad clip had to be lowered lol.
OGE is an absolute madlad.
Is she free for everybody now or is this PTR
Effect was actually sorry about killing bob unlike everyone else who just laughed
This morning when I was on ptr someone landed Bob on one of the rocks at hanamura and it looked like he was tea bagging.
Im glad Twomad's dad was able to help him :)
Finally my boy twobad on the spot
Bob must be under a lotta stress
Bob: Exists R34 artists a week later: ( ?° ?? ?°)
1970s: In the future I bet we'll have flying cars! 2018: Eating Lucio-ohs with water instead of milk
i watche like 10 ads on this video, wtf
F in the chat for Dafran btw
God bless Bob. At least he tries.
Forget Ashe, I'M A BOB MAIN NOW!
0:37 What, that's insane.
XQC new ana main who dis?
balanced
Bob M I N D I F I EXTEND? DO SOMETHING
Poor bob. He was told to do something. I didnt think he'd do that
With great pointing ability comes great responsibility
BOB! DO SOMETHING! kills his own team
Spiderman: Mr. Stark can I do something?
5:00 A new feature, Winston's bubble is now a DiscoBall
Not even psychopaths eat cereal with water.
At 5:20 that was me
Hey wait it means that now you can do a 7 men shatter, 7 men dva bomb or a 7 men EMP Pog
Double te-he <3
I’m gonna have to agree with Sideshow here. We have to put OGE down. For everyone’s sake
Double charachter, double 'teehee'
Ok now kephrii is not a widow god anymore ... he is a widowasher god... no wait
points the cliff BOB, DO SOMETHING Bob dies '' I'M SORRY BOB '' Dafuq dood, what's your problem? :<
144 days left!!
The moment I saw the title, I immediately thought that it was because B.O.B was going to fall through the map... #IGotJebaitedBecauseOfThat
Blizzard needs to patch the game so B.O.B. can't be summoned into pits #justiceforBOB
water + lucio oh's = transformation into owl player
Well BOB has had a hard life, being bossed around. Wouldn't it be expected if he doesn't do something?
They're gonna Nerf Bob being able to cap points
HeeTee !
Fitzy was the first one to see Winston's new disco skin
that is one S P I C Y angle if I've ever seen one
DO YOU MEAN ANYTHING*
I'm watching during school shhhhh
There's now a second hitscan sniper, i guess kephrii can play 2 heroes now and not only widow. Still doesn't deserve to be in OWL.
A TwoMad clip and two "teehee"s? I can dig it
Birdring_ow aiming is different than what is usually see. Very rough and fast yet precise. Unlike the usual smooth tracking. I like it. Its exciting to watch
Wow you showed someone eating cereal with water and didn't warn us of NSFL content. Reported and unsubbed
8:16 kephrii kills me xD
I guess kephrii has a new main... so do I :D
Roll that beautiful BOB footage!
I wish i could be good at Bob
3:39 He is saying: "sleep sleep"
Is this a mythbusters video for Big Omnic Boiii (B.O.B)
Twomad "MY DADS COMIN. HES COMIN. DAD DO SOMETHIN"
two teehees? that's something new
Sideshow is right: That guy is a psychopath and must be killed.
? ??????? ???? ? ???? ??????? ??? ??? ?? ??? ??????? !!!!
5:58 Ashe: BOB DO SOMETHING Bob: CANNONBALLLLLLLLLLLLLLL
Great video buddy??
I don know can I just get a shoutout. ^^
EFFECT IS PSYCHOPATH .
Dude, back in the day it was normal to eat cereal with water. Milk companies advertised milk in cereal to increase profits.
Can we all just think of How stressful Bob has it with all the yelling and him accidentally running of the map We have to pay respect that he needs to rest sometimes
Bob dO SoMEtHiNg
Bob can do everything a player does, is Bob hero 30?!
You know which Ultimate would be OPAF? "JEFF, DO SOMETHING"!
nO No no NO.. lucio oh ohs is a no no for water
Bob takes the point better than widow.
The funny thing is in the next clip Bob is doing something that I can't be asked to do
Dafran just left overwatch Can we get an F for him?
first
Today's video was like a new school subject called B.O.B.
Bob's a little bit special guys don't judge him
10:08 cant agree more
Bob just did the Moonwalk
You know what else is great about him? If you play as Lucio and speed boost him, he becomes Usain Bolt
5:59 BOB DO BUNGEE JUMPING!!!
Okey, editor officialy kidnaped. Im calling 911
Bob respects Alfred Hitchbot too much to jump on his car
First
I guess bob can do alot more than just "something"
This is why bob should’ve been a hero instead
Subscribe to pewdiepie danke
Good life for who read this comment
B O B D O S O M E T H I N G
Sah dud
Bob! Don’t do anything
I LOVE ALL OF YOU