What hero guide or other tip video would you like to see next? Let us know!
This video is fucking retarded
Roadhog hog is op now im buying his ice fisherman skin aka tuna skin lol
I'm a rain,.doom, zarya,junk main at the moment in 1800 so is that good
Reinhart and Zaria
Idd brig is op, played her for 24 games competitve and got 21 wins with her bronze to gold ez ??
wom wom wom wom wom
I use winston and ana.
"For the first time she's gonna take it from d.va" Uhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh season 1-3?
So...I should not have Gold Damage as Reinhart...darn
Shortened guide: Just run goats. Bronze could run it.
YES Phara I'm Good with phara and especially since I'm on console it's harder to hit her while in mid air
Much appreciated bruh
I disagree with the low pressure statement. Bronze/Gold is low-pressure to you, but not to the people ranked there.
4:40 record and put on loop. You're welcome. Now you have an ASMR video.
As a biased junkrat main, I’d say I use him in both comp and qp as a shield breaker since...he’s probably the only hero I can play decently...anyways, yeah I call him my shield breaker, so like the shield tanks have barely any time before their shields go down.
More bronze advice pls!
Fissure got his shatter back instantly damn
You forgot Reaper! He is Overpowerd! He can go easy in and go with shadow out. He do sooo hard damage against tanks and all others!
No spacial awareness here, no Doomfist for me.
wooom-wooom-wooom-wooom <3
Pro Tip #1 don't go for any kills with your ult, only use your Ult for creating space, and when you lose the game its because you didn't do it right.
10:10 That actually made me throw up
I don’t play overwatch too much but i win games and frag out with hammond,
@0:45 fappy potter
I still use mei all the time is she still powerful?
Where’s sombra? :)
Ana and zarya are meta? Well it's a good day to main genji!
The Ana to widow switch lol
I'm a mid-GM Torb player and it feels like everyone (including the pro players I get matched with) hate me playing Torbjorn.
first pick hero.second play hero.and last,stop play your main hero and play mccree and genji
Briggs shield is garbage now, I can't even protect my team for 5 seconds before getting killed...
Dva had a near 100% pick rate during the OWWC? Not best off tank?
There’s is a word cup lol
There was a Gale clip at 10:15 and you have it credited towards Ml7 please fix it and credit the correct person. Thanks
One tricking Torb (nearly, I still flex) has let me gain 200sr from all my season highs since Season 8 on my DPS account. I went from hovering around the 2400/2500sr mark to a placement at 2638 with an 83% winrate, and then started climbing. The rework has truly helped him.
trash list
can you make one of these for console players? Elo hell escaping is a bit different on them.
Is averaging 7.6k-9kish heals in two rounds of C2P as Ana any good? I hit 7.6k when a portion of my time is to defend against flankers with little to no support, and/or I die early in a fight because of poor positioning.
Chipshajen clip, did he stream lately?
Already loe 8 games in a row. I was almost diamond and now im gold. I love this game, the players are great
I've mained Moira and Doomfist since they came out respectively, Thanks for the tips
Ultimate suck
I’ve gotten to the point where I can’t play anyone but hanzo so uhhh torb I guess?
Hot hog
Thx for this video
WHERES MY BOI WINSTON, YOU FORGOT TO EVEN SAY HE ESXISTED IN OFF TANK!!!
I use overload as an engage tool on enemies with large hitboxes so I can kill them with shotgin
I'm now a torb main and I'm actually pretty good lele
whats the best way to get suspended? play the game. everyone will report you. aint it fun?! this game is dead but still manages to have millions playing it. blizzard has sunk so low they even put AI into comp games. what is wrong with you people?
what does cc mean, i haven’t played in ages
gonna start playing again lol
WOMWOMWOMWOM
So I should stop playing doom in high gold? Damn it, I just started to get the hang of him. Oh well, better start learning pharah and torb then.
I haven't played since season 7
This is the first vid I’ve watched off yours and I subbed straight after cos it was super useful
In my Plat exprerience this Season is very very very stong: 5.Widow Maker 4. Wrecking Ball 3.Winston 2.Moira 1.Torb
Do meta trends really matter in a lower tier bronze to silver fight ?
I came here because it said bro you wack viewers watch
I climbed from bronze to masters in 2 weeks with doom
The best tip in this vid ? I guess taht you should switch to widow when you slept someone and headshot him
ive watched all your videos on ranking up and getting out of bronze but nothing seems to work im not even that bad of a player i just feel that NONE of the videos help help me plz
Its gonna be a toxic meta ...
i knew for a fact that doom ana and brig are gonna make it in the video .. while im still insisting on playing zen this season lol
soldier ?
When only one teammate has had a mic in 5 placements
Ty for making this Video!!!!!!
that widow switch at 10:10 hahaha
Are people still so braindead they're convinced Brig is STILL OP?
But D.vas dps I higher than zaryas cause dva doesn’t have to build charge
However I must add I did enjoy the video. and the content from this channel as far as over watch channels go this stuff is often pretty good. but my thoughts still stand no matter the meta or the state of hero's due to the current patch. I believe being on voice chat matters more than the choice of hero.
Have you guys done a guide for competitive TDM? I would love to see one, thanks.
I am zarya/rein/pharah main ????
Soldier decent pick?
Im really good in doom but my team they think im trolling ??
holy shit i hate bastion
Omg....you actually had really good Torbjorn tips. I have over 70 hours on him myself. Played him a ton before the rework and not so much with the rework. Granted I don't like the rework but it was easy for me to make him work. Just....not one bad tip for Torb play.
Lucio is way better then brig as off healer
Only 75000 subs? Wow
USE THE SLEEP OFF COOLDOWN AHAHHAHAHAHAH
I was gonna say put Brig as a dps but then i remembered that in silver, my rank, we use her as a healer instead of dps
7:42 I get to 3400 with Doom and then back down becouse teams :(
10:12 smart plays
Recomending ana to player below masters :/
I am a Tracer/Mercy main with over 75+ hours on both and to be honest it is really hard to play both. Tracer bc of Brig and Sombra and Mercy bc of her kinda weak state right now. I am currently learning Sombra and Zen but I just don't want to let go off Tracer. I just love her so much. I am in Plat and it's really hard to do anything there. No one is in team chat and the most people are really toxic in Team Chat. I am overall a very positive person and I always try and do my best but to be honest all the Toxicity is getting really hard to avoid.
In my opinion, road hog is still a great tank, I’m an Xbox player so maybe it’s different on pc...
LoL i was in low silver and i played whit doomfist and winston all my placements and placed low gold... woh says gold ppl cant play doom?
What abt the new reaper in bronze to gold? Is he viable there?
Idk, I would give off support to Lucio... yes Brigitte is a beast, but his utility is insane
I can only assume you have either forgotten what it is like to be a low tier player, or never were. Reinhard is boring to play, Zaria is frustrating because the shield time is so short and Pharah is really hard to learn. I have about 150 hours in the game, and admit I'm a below average player, but recommending these to low tier players is just a bad joke. I'm not saying they are bad hero's or that I don't have respect for those who play/master them, but I only got 5 minutes into the video before I'd had enough. For those in low ranks, learn Orisa, Hog and/or D.VA and you'll do well and have fun.
10:09 this Clip was actually from Game Adelade lol
Thanks! Did my placements before watching this video, I’m ded
Solo heal brig is the new gold meta dont @ me
dude I'm so pissed at this season and its matchmaking in general. for reference, I've placed plat on 2 accounts(one flex only, one dps only) for 2 seasons in a row. I start placements on my flex account with friends ranging from 2.2k-2.9k sr. we were a 4 stack. we won 8 of our matches, and everyone in those games were between 2.5k and 3k sr. I played main tank and main support for all of them. didn't even touch dps. consistent POTG and gold/silver medals. signs of doing well right? WRONG! I placed at fuckin 2180, the lowest ive placed in 3 seasons as a tank. WTF!!
Do you think that some kind of ammo or stamina for briggites main flail would help balance her?
why isn't doomfist a good hero for plat to diamond?
This video is fine and all, but saying only use Torb's overload and Doomfist's Meteor Strike as escapes and rarely as engagements? Yeah, maybe use your own footage that don't contradict what you're saying. We saw how you could use both offensively. Don't try to act like these are only escape tools and barely anything to engage with. Because that's not true
Oh look, its only 3 heroes that I CAN play (Reinhardt, Torbjorn, & Brigitte) in this list. Also the only way Hammond is the main tank, is when the player that is playing him is good with him.
Ah... none of the heroes on this list do I play or enjoy playing - except for maybe learning Ana. No wonder I don't have fun in my matches anymore :(
Doomfist is definitely OP, but damn are his mechanics hard to get down.
This is my standard response to these vid's and I should simply copy and paste. The best hero's to play in any season for most tier's unless you're like top 500. The best hero's to play in any season is the hero you're used to the one you've played most time on. Zarya maybe awesome for instance but if you have no play time on her. yes as an example I have hours on her in quick play but I'd likely be considered a thrower if I took her into comp. I play orisa as a main tank, and yes she may not be considered according to this vid rein is better, but if i have no hours on him and several hours on Orisa then she's the best tank. ..... I'm rambling granted but yes take these vids with a pinch of salt, and play who you enjoy that's how you'll do good in anyone season.
Lucio as off healer as his main ability is to speed boost which can avoid choke holds and get the game rolling
Is genji good?
brig probs needs a rework or stuns should be reworked.
Nicee video I was late for notif squad tho
Can you help me I am a gold Player who is playing much phara and genji. I'm stuck in gold on 2100-2200 SR my hit rate is with phara 50-70% and with genji 30-45%. I think that I have an OK positioning I try to stay every time on high ground how can I Rank Up? By the way I am a german so sorry for my Bad english
U should’ve done bronze-silver, gold-plat, diamond and masters +
Made it 300 likes! Keep up with the hard work!
Just finished my placements this morning. I won 6 and lost 4 but still got placed in low bronze fml
I am trying to main Sombra rn (in gold). Do you think she is a solid pick?
Love this channel, ?? thanks.
All I want them to do with brig is remove her self healing. We don't need another lifesteal hero and I think people would have an easier time dealing with her one on one.
A brig guide OMEGAlul
I think either Lúcio or Moira instead of brig
my god, i swear, if i see genji and snipers in silver.. we about to lose some sr :(
Can someone Maybe tell me why Lucio is not on the list ? Would love to know because i main him
Play torb lul
she isn't brig she's BAGUETTE
hey c:
So im better off not playing this season bc non of my mains are in the list?
You’re the best! Thanks for all these video’s
10:12 was insaane :0
Why is it always the exact gameplay? I ike your vids but i think this is too much..
How tf does this channel have so little subs it definitely deserves more, it's so helpful
thanks for the video! I haven't played OW since the beginning of season 12, so I forgot which heroes were more effective and haven't kept up with what's meta. Now I know which heroes to play and will transition back in OW comp more smoothly.
Torbjörn is Op but Underrated nice vid. :)
anybody have thoughts on playing tracer right now? I'm low diamond if that makes a difference.
Thank you
How long do you think it will take for the flank guide to be done???
Is the Reaper any good because he looks pretty damn cool
Torb definitely not LOL he really really sucks
Should i get the game?
Nice guide
time for top 500 torb only
4:41 naming all the members of the Chinese teams
Wassup
Blizzard is the best out there! This channel is what inspired me to start my own channel about overwatch tips & tricks. Just started a week ago and have already gone very far! Thanks Blizzard!
Ey
Torb made it high this meta?????? I don’t play him but I guess I’ll try
Season 12 just started yesterday..... What is this? I’m so confused ?? Edit: Season 13
Early
Firstt