GG Brasil
what headsets ae they using and can you buy them???????
lmao he's getting whiplash ????
7:47:39 literally taking shots at mercy LUL
I am from Norway.Norway is best
1:49:58 Mangachu from Austria lol
Team Canada? More like Team Bleached Blonde
44:43 BOOSTIO
So why is Doomfist so big in the world cup?
It's so fun to watch Canada play
1:48:17 its mei
1:33:47 was that an all-star reference??
1:16:15
I don’t get it someone please explain. Is XQC Canadian or American? Wasn’t he playing for Dallas fuel? Do people play in teams from countries they’re not from?
Can we get a playlist
neil bad AF
AS a norwegian i have to hope Norway wins????????????????????
ADD THE COUNTRY SKINS TO THE GAME! #NORGE / #NORWAY <3
So happy to see XQC back
xQcunt is back!!!
Doa Monte is too good. Love them.
USA
Yeah I’ll watch the whole thing
Man the nose on note ??????
4:01:00
That thumbnail is such a big spoiler!
Overwatch can I come in the overwatch Thailand team pls
I like how XQC sprayed the Dallas Fuel logo even after they kicked him off the team, haha.
They played Zarya tbh she was making plays
The commentators talking about Austria after that third game was so sad ??????
did agilites change his postion?
Match 1 intros start at 29:37
Pregame starts at 14:37
You know I had to do it to them
It’d be funny if this whole World Cup was scripted
2:07:08 That was nice
21 ???. ?????? ??????????-????????? ??????, ???????? ?????? ????????????, ?????? ???????....
TriHard 7
I saw mercy picked atleast twice out of all of those world cup games, is she just not good or fun anymore or something? Havent played overwatch in a while.
Heia Norge
É BRASIL POHA
The world cup is a good idea in theory, but in reality, its just a ton of total blowouts. Get rid of the scrubs next year. USA Canada Sweden Finland France Korea are the only teams that should be there.
can you stop banning maximilianmus
Vaaai Brasil!!
1:46:05 the best part hands down
3:34:05 broken Rein charge
That Canada vs Austria match was brutal and hilarious. Amazing moments and crazy strategies.
Which is the first game in the 2018 world cup?
NOTE HAS A BIGGER SHNOZE THAN XQC
blizzard your advertisement game sucks, ive already missed owl finals, all star games and now first day of world cup just because i didnt know, and i follow oyu on all platforms :C
Hi my name is Ian i'm 13 when I grow up I want to work with blizzard!
VAI BRASILIAN
Pelo menos da noruega nois ganha
I hate how there's always some annoying girl screaming their lungs out in like every one of these
I am from Norway
EU > NA
Hey Overwatch character designs. Can you make a skin of Genji with a Baseball bat? That would be really cool paired up with the fastball Zen. It would also be really funny to see him deflect his balls with a baseball bat.
Dude potg should be like these highlight reels. With the slow-mo and speed ups
Assisti 8 horas de live ontem, e hoje mais um dia. FERIADO BOM ESSE
0:00:01 this should work
When they are playing do they have their country skins on? Because in one shot of their monitors it looked like they all had the default skins on
Make an Overwatch League channel. Different interest between Overwatch and Overwatch League. Some people just have no interest in it and you create 300 videos and alerts about it.
NORWAY????????????????????????
GO CANADA
TriHard 7
Wow when I saw the thumbnail for a second I almost had the reflex to unsubscribe to the channel because I thought someone was talking about football.
here gudd
6:27:30 "That high noon looked more like an 11 45"
Spoilers in thumbnail, good job
Are these skins comming to the game so i Can Buy them?
WE GO AGANE!!
It feels good to be Canadian
4:50:00
I am not watching tho whole thing, can someone tell me the stats
Rain drop Drop top Blizzard nerf me non-stop
Awwwww XQC with the Fuel tshirt
Trihard 7
BRAZIL HAS TO BACK AWAY
Good
Beginning at 00:00 ;)
Is it just me or was USA playing for the memes in that series?
Video bug
I support Canada because it’s a nice country and..... MAPLE SYRUP!!!!!!!!!!
Overwatch world cup lucio ball when?!?!?! Certainly i'm not the only person out there that wants that right?... Right?
Hopp Schwiiz
Please don't have any result on cover screen???? ruins the rewarch for other timezones ????
When you realize brazil don’t play lucio on illios
KKONA BRUTHER HELLZ YEAH
I think the top 4 that is SOUTH KOREA ,CANADA,USA and FINLAND.
WTF IS HAPPENING. IM STARTING AT 4:10:00 AND IT ENDS AT 4:00:00!!! THIS IS SO BUGGY
Vai BR •?•
Yeah Brasil! South American power!
can you add the country skins?
Thought xqc was out of OWL... not watching another match with him a homophobe on the rosters. Utterly disappointed.
XQC is a horrible human being!
Man xqc looking like a snack on that ow camera :^) go daddy xqc
they play tanks on EU? since when i cant get a single tank in my groups
Team Canada ????????????????
I give props to the commentators, idk how they can talk that long and say every details in seconds, I wish I was like that lol
I for some reason play the game and yet almost never watch is that a crime or just flat out sin.
Canada!
GO CANADA! Singapore is not in so I'm supporting my boy xQc
Why is the video starting at 4 hours?
Are all these world cup skins be available to everyone to purchase?
?
xqc has a dallas fuel undershirt.. so passive aggressive
XQC’s back!!!
i dont care about the stream why are they both doing the you know i had to do it to em pose in the thumbnail
BR !
???? 1???..?..?? ???
The video keeps starting after the 4 hour mark and won't start from the beginning! Wtf?!
Rip seagull pro playing days. you will be missed. USA will make him proud from his twitch stream
EEEYYY CANADA IS MY COUNTRY YAY!!
WHERES ZE CANADIAN HEROES BLIZZARD YOU dumb?
brasil porra
???? ???? ??? ?? ???
I thought they got rid of overtime.