If you include "just not bothering to run" as a true outcome, Machado wipes the floor with Dunn.
🐐🐐🐐🐐
It's like a competition about who can be the laziest.
I guess I don’t know anything about baseball, because I couldn’t decide if they were saying he was good or bad
Get chart party going
Took clayshaw to the woodshed
Lmfao Barry bonds “ eating well balanced breakfast” do you mean steroids ?
Breakfast actually means steroids...
"I just hit ground balls and run like hell
 

most of the time I somehow get to first"
I'm sorry, but the least Adam Dunn person of all time would be Juan Pierre. Someone who leads the world in the opposite of 4 true outcomes.
I don't watch sports, but this is great
Why is the music always so much louder than the spoken word!?
The vid not even attempt to explain what the heck happened to him against lefties from 2011 on. Did I miss something?
Adam Dunn, Dave Kingman and Joel younblood have a lot in common. Look it up
Standing around and getting paid= the average government worker.
Wait, what?
Fuck Pujols
I would like to see an all-time 4 Outcomes lineup.  Does Joey Gallo have the necessary credentials to make the team, or does he need a minimum number of plate appearances?
Damb that music gets annoying
5:41 He talks about how crazy it is that Dunn was so good against Kershaw, but at least Dunn was a very good player. I wanna know how the hell Brad Hawpe is 4th in career slugging against him.
Martin Dihigo had the weirdest career. Best player to never play in the MLB (because he was black AND cuban during the "no black people allowed" era of baseball.) He basically played every single position in all the different teams he ever played in. The most impressive thing is that he was good at every one of those positions. He has impressive numbers both at the bat and at the pitching mound. He played in 17 different teams in 4 different countries (USA, Mexico, Dominican Republic and Venezuela), sometimes he would spend the summer season on one team then go to another country on the other side of the Equator and play the summer season on ANOTHER team the same year (because, you know, summer is on December on the  southern hemisphere), then travel back up north and play the next year and so on and so forth.
At 5:40 is it suppose to be Gary Sanchez cause it says gabby Sanchez
Ah yes the big donkey being a donkey against Lefties
could alex keep speak a little quieter, or can y’all turn down his mic? dude is gonna blow out my eardrums
Cool video. Very interesting about Dunn’s 2011 season and just killing Kershaw.  Bryce Harper is turning into an Adam Dunn type player. Of course he is better than Dunn but his game is getting very similar. Look at their age 25 season which was Harper’s season this year and their stats are virtually identical.
I love the content but c’mon guys can you possibly be any more monotone and uninspired? At least pretend you want to be there. Let’s spice it up a bit fellas, I could use this to help fall asleep. Lol but seriously, great content just need some enthusiasm.
I have Adams bobble head for the bats in AAA
Disappointed I didn't see a clip of a player hitting a home run and driving to home base.
I kinda disagree with the pointless labor thing haha
I dont understand what they are talking about
Let's not forget that Adam Dunn's nickname was Big Donkey 😂😂
I guess playing injured is never taken into account.
LOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOL
so this is cricket for overweight people?
Pujols is never gonna catch bonds on a team like the cardinals... needs to go to the Astros or something
Is there any science behind momentum in sports? I mean, when a team catches up from a 4-run deficit in the bottom of the ninth, you kinda have a gut feeling that they will keep the momentum and go on to win, and for me, that happens every time, whether I like it or not.
I worked at Adam Dunn’s house. Remodeling business.
That Bonds joke. lol.
2011 was a terrible year for everything
Every person mentioned in this video is a roidhead.
Eather your intro is way too loud or your mics are too quiet.
"Nobody plays baseball for fun. They play because they are contractually obligated. 

And nobody... actually plays... when Adam Dunn is at bat"
Lose the annoying "music".
Versus, dude, versus.
Very Millennialish.  Full of oh-so-funny irony, and also very Jew-soaked.
I remember the Mendoza line being 192. And that’s without using google. You’re welcome.
Fun fact. Adam Dunn once had to sit out several games because he stabbed himself trying to open a package containing a movie.
Gaby Sanchez.
Why is this formatted like a religious apologetics video
Ate a well balanced breakfast lmao can't stop laughing at that line
I'm a die hard Reds fan & you guys definitely nailed Adam Dunn's career by saying weird. As much as that guy drove me crazy I always loved him. I kinda miss watching the Big Donkey lay into a baseball. He definitely had power. That's about it.
Can you balance the volume between the mic picking up and the intro. Ouch.
5:38 Gaby Sanchez 😂😂
His divorce, which led to depression, which led to a lack of working out and eating unhealthy was a big reason why his 2011 season was so bad. He really never bounced back to the old Dunn after that.
"lol

Well I was trying to get likes but I’m not getting 5.3k cause I’m not MLB"
I miss dorktown
how about an entire team that stands around and does nothing, The San Diego Padres, the Cleveland Browns of baseball.
"*versus 
It's pronounced that way too... ""versus."" Not ""verse."""
"Something that occurred to me, it'd be really easy for any player with exceptional power to turn themselves into a ""3 true outcome"" player.  Just only swing at pitches you feel you can crush, and then swing as hard as you can.

Though honestly it's easy for anyone to turn themselves into the perfect ""3 true outcome"" player.  Never swing."
SB nation
yo the audio levels are all over the place in this video
"For a brief moment, they turn baseball into golf" lmao
Yo speak louder into the mic
Nice
Pretty good, but not PRETTY GOOD
Person on the right sounds like Tyler Joseph
The backround music sounds like an alarm
I don’t have a ton of great memories from the Reds at the time Dunn was on the team, but one that has always stuck is Dunn hitting a walkoff grand slam to win by one run. Legend.
This guy in 2018 would be a 30 million a year man. Homers. .360+ OBP.  Lefty.
Incredible
three true outcome players make baseball boring though...
YOur like Rhett and LINK
Please please please talk about Joey Gallo 😂😂😂
It’s honestly garbage and I don’t know how people deal with it. And I’m certain it doesn’t have any real advantage at all, 99% of the perceived difference is all in the player’s head because some streamer told them it definitely, totally makes them better. This game isn’t nearly precise enough for a slightly larger hit box to make a difference at all, and even in games like CSGO, it still isn’t going to mean the difference between getting a kill or not.
Home run, or a walk , or a strikeout
What about Jimmie Foxx? The fastest guy to 500 home runs (at the time) but ended his career as a pitcher.
Even without steroids bonds was a great baseball player
"Dunn was just fine in DC after his time in Cincinnati and Arizona.

Wish he’d stayed there or at least in the NL. That emergency appendectomy took a toll before he even took a swing for the Sox but it was a disappointing last few years other than HR’s."
where do they get their adderall
The three true outcomes players are ruining baseball but I like Adam dunn idk why just something about him I find entertaining.
versus, not verse
As someone who isn't interested in baseball at all, I'm surprised I watched almost all of this video. Kudos.
please make a video about mr joey gallo in the future
When Adam Dunn was a Cincinnati Red he not only hit the ball out of the park he actually hit it into another state. It bounced off of Mehring Way,( a street that runs along the south side of the stadium) then rolled down a slope into the waters edge of the Ohio River,  which is the state line between Ohio and Kentucky.
Adam Dunn reminds me of Mark Bellhorn. He had a similar tendency to be a true outcome "hitter". He was nearly a 50% true outcome in 2004.  He was really the first Sabremetrics impact player in the playoffs where a player with poor traditional stats (batting avg.) was effective on the right team and didn't break the bank.
Come on. Bonds took steroids
Strange audio mixing.
Mr. All or Nothing.
ADAM DUNN HITS DINGERS
I remember when the white soxs got him, I was so excited... then he started playing.
Coaches should have placed the infielders/ outfielders on top of the wall to give them a shot at catching a dinger Lol even though he had his fair share of 450ft plus bombs
I remember meeting Adam Dunn at soxfest a couple years ago and he was a great guy to meet but damn he had an interesting career
Also this guy retired because he couldn’t bring his son into the dugout with him during games anymore
he had a huge dick too
Guys, you may never read this, but Adam Dunn had his appendix removed right after the very start of that season. In 2012 he mashed again. He didn’t take time to heal.
Wgas?
The music in this is the absolute worst. It would be so much better without it.
So basically he was a predecessor to the modern game?
Bonds breakfast was one from the blue and two from the red pills..
kyle schwarber
well balanced breakfasts = HGH
You didn't explain the thumbnail
Barry bonds also took PED’s
Pinteresting
If Adam Dunn and Rickey Henderson ever come into contact, they'll annihilate each other and release an amount of energy sufficient to destroy the planet.
He is a hero, isn't he? 😜
Not that weird, Bryce Harper is doing a pretty good impression in 2018
would Fouling Out result in a 'True Outcome'? you don't have to run to first
“But then there’s Dunn”
Xd Barry Bonds "exercising and eating well balanced breakfasts" cracked me up.
I’m a total math/stats geek an LOVE your guys videos! I often find myself looking up your stats and checking them for myself. Keep up the great content!
Can we get a re-upload without that god awful background music? I couldn't get past 3 minutes b/c of it.
I want to meet the 1.3K people that have disliked this video and simply ask why they didn’t like it, cuz this shit is awesome
I feel like this video could’ve been made in about 2 or 3 minutes.
"Another Anti-Dunn is Victor Martinez, at just 23.6% (8000 PAs, 242 HR, 721 BB, 874 SO)
In 2015 alone, he got the number down to 19.4%"
Did he stop taking "roids" in 2011?
Didnt mention barry bonds steroid problem?
A 3-toed sloth? OMG.
DO MORE DORKTOWN
He also hit exactly 40HRs 4 years in a row
Awesome vid. How in the hell did he hit Kershaw that well?!? Also, Dunn was a pretty great athlete in hs. He was a 3-4 star recruit as a run first qb. Imagine that...
There was one season that Rob Deer didn't get his first single until September.
Bonds CHEATED He used steriods
why am i watching this? im english, ive never even seen a Baseball game
Again. You do not relate your topic with a player of that era.   How did he compare to Bonds?
This is gonna be Chris Davis
What happened to Austin Kearns?
LOL
Dunn was the prototype of the modern Home Run Derby player.  (they don't play baseball anymore; it's home run derby now).  As A Reds fan for 60 years, frustrated the hell out of me.  There should be a stat for how many times a hitter bats with a runner on 3rd and less than two outs, and see how many times Dunn got the runner home.  When all it would take was a ground ball to the shortstop to score a run, Dunn would strike out.  Typical year for Dunn was 40 home runs and 90 rbi.
This was amazing.
Anyone that not baseball fans understood what they were talking about?
Sad...
Between the two of you have you ever picked up a bat?
Purest 3 outcome hitter of all time.
The soundtrack now available on itunes
Ted Williams also missed all of 52 and most of 53
people say Americans are dumb. they should take a deeper look into their favorite sports. this could be taught as a subject in school. fuck me this is so complicated. and Americans understand it...
How could you NOT talk about his long home runs...dude has hit some of the LONGEST bombs ever...come on guys!  Has to be part of his story in every conversation...
That Rob Deer stat is amazing
Remember that time Dunn pitched the 9th inning?
Wow, you guys should think about entering data politics. Seriously, it would help Congress actually work and pass laws
You made an error, the home run king is Henry "Hank" Aaron, not Barry "my head grew 37 sizes" Bonds.
And he quit baseball because he couldn’t bring his kid with him into work... talk about weird
Joey Gallo is going to give Rob Deer and Dunn a run for their money this year lol
1.2k statistical weirdos hated to press the like button!
Adam Dunn: stud AND dud?!
"Speak up, 'blonde narrator'! Sorry idk your name
But you're too quiet."
"versus
[vur-suh s, -suh z]

You can go here to hear the correct pronunciation as well. http://www.dictionary.com/browse/versus"
I'm not even a baseball fan and I thought this was hilarious.
hilarious.
This video is fuckin amazing.
Whatever we may say, he's one of the most powerful hitters ever. A terrific slugger in his prime
He sucked and he was great
You two should kiss
He's my step cousin so does that make me cool?
Steroids Barry Bonds went from speed guy to can’t run HR machine
As a White Sox fan, fuck Adam Dunn. 😂
"9:00 made me burst out laughing.  
Oh to watch a game of two full teams of Adam Dunns... guess it's called the PGA tour."
GET A POP FILTER PLEASE!
Barry bonds roided. I know you were joking about the breakfast, but just wanna remind everyone the facts.
"From where your sitting, it probably looks like a 24k streak of bad luck. Truth is, it was rigged from the start."
Some of their comments are so dumb, people can say that about any sport. You obviously have to be athletic to play a sport
*sense
Baseball makes zero sens, LMFAO wtf
Some of those guys used steroids to get those homers
Well balanced breakfast of roids
This is awesome.
Bryce harper is quickly turning into adam dunn.
I just remember him and his damn kid with the White Sox. What an annoyance.
Here's a thing that could be done. How many home runs could Mark McGuire had should he kept in the game another ten seasons? Hint: McGuire had the best home run record per at bat in history. He averaged 1 home run  per 10.6 at bats. The next best was The Babe at 1 home run at just 11.7 at bats and Barry Bonds at 1 home run per 12.6 at bats.
This why I don't watch baseball
is it sad that i knew the answer to the least Adam dunn player ever?
I don't watch or know anything about baseball yet I watched the whole thing.
Lol dunn might of had a weird career but he hit some of the farthest home runs I've ever seen
this would be watchable without the creepy music
1:37 he took roids u dud
"You guys gotta learn to mix audio lmao
You almost blew my ear drums out"
I think most baseball players don’t like to run
I can't watch this video cos the background music sounds like my alarm
How many people clicked on this thinking a player actually brought his car on the field????
Lets look at it like this: He had so much power and such a beautiful swing that all he needed to do was touch the ball a little for it to go over. Downside is that he was obviously visually impaired.
The Dude CARRIED 3 of my fantasy teams. I refuse to say anything bad about him.
Jon bois is nothing but consistent, alright. Every video he has a hand in has out of wack audio levels. That's Pretty Good.
Now compare this to Chris Davis' 2018 season.....
I never played baseball...
F
Ruth did it with hot dogs and beer. Aaron did it with class. Bonds did it by exercising and eating a well-balanced breakfast. 🤣😅
Why are people disliking - pure unadulterated stats ? Literally the most non biased video on sports you could possibly get ... so people dislike the absolute truth - pathetic
Ahhh Adam Dunn. As a Nat, he was amazing. Here's a thought for you guys though, if they ever make a movie about Adam, who agrees with me that Will Farrell should play him? Seriously, they look so much alike.
I was watching spiders and Hornets fight and now I'm here. This was awesome though.
I farted
I’ve met this guy. He’s pretty cool
Bonds was Juiced
I remember booing him at US cellular
My all time favorite Red!
Also if they didn’t sign them then what would happen when they played other teams idiots
They said that the other 7 fielders are doin nothing they actually are they have to stay in ready position unless it’s caught a strike a ball a strike out and the outfielders and backing up the infield of a ground ball so are other infielders also the outfielders are moving to see if there’s a chance for a catch even if it looks like a homer there moving towards it
JON!
Note: Hank Aaron if the all-time HR leader, with 755. Bonds and his 760 doesn't count... How many of those HRs need to be taken away because he was juiced up and hit "illegal" HRs.
What's so weird about it? He was an all or nothing hitter... He's not the first, and certainly won't be the last. You know why? Cuz chicks dig the long ball.
1:38  Yeah, well balanced breakfast of Steroid-O's.
fun fact, he went to high school in my home town i knew several people who knew him, great athlete but huge ego. Hope he matured after going pro.
So, what what you're really telling me is I should exercise and eat a well balanced breakfast if I want to hit home runs...
I thought at the start of the video they were saying "The Story of Adidon" and i was like wait a minutes this was made on May first
Dude, fix your mics.  One is loud, and the other is barely audible. Normalize them.  And get rid of that crappy, crappy background music.  It’s crap.
Weirdest career only having to run to 1st base half the time? Never having to field either? Should call it the "smartest" career.
You mean he took damn steroids many years of his career
Man, sabre metrics are like a nerds version of classic art. It is simply amazing that you can take that much out of baseball stats when I can barely figure out the first 3 stat lines in the batting order from each team in the news paper. Well done lads 😀
He practiced Satanic rituals.
"Well balanced breakfast"
lol eating well and balanced steroid/hgh %
you guys...
Adam Dunn was easily the worst outfielder and base runner (on the rare times he was on base) I have ever seen.
I can sum up Dunn's carrer in just 2 words.  Strike 3.
not a sport
So he is the best worst hitter??? Or is he the worst best hitter???
So what does this have to do with a car on the field?.....
The audio sucks.
dork
No way Albert catches Bonds. Not even close man
Adam Dunn went to my high school so this is pretty cool 😂
Your intro is way to loud
lol this used to be a COD team I was in.
Aaron Judge 2K17?
Subbed
Subbed
"HR, Walk, or Strike out -- very very true in his career.
500+ ft HR distances -- several of them  -- he didn't sneak them over the fence.
I think with Dunn, he knew the strike zone very well.

Dunn's operation -- 
1.  He knows when it's a strike
2.   But he can't hit it 
3.   But when he does, it goes out of the park a very long way.
4.   Subsequently,  he puts up numbers that nobody else can (or even wants to) match."
Next up “Joey gallo and the worst 50 homer season”
The video is awesome as usual, but the background music!!!! 😨😨
Awww man. I held onto such a sick twisted hope when the white sox got Dunn.
MLB players aren’t really paid for their fielding.
Cool video. Also that was the best Bonds was on steroids explanation I ever heard lol.
So the point is Adam Dunn is a communist?
"Explain to the folks at home" https://youtu.be/5r9LsHF71UQ
"Well balanced breakfast" = Anadrol, Decadurabolin, test-400, etc
"9:26 
what do you mean by he's a hero and there's nothing more heroic? and the pointless labor comment?"
5:24 Madison Bumgarner is apparently good against Kershaw
Rizzo pounds Kershaw
"Well balanced breakfast"
Bonds. Steriods. Cheater. Fake.
Lol
This was extremely interesting. Good job guys!!
Madison Bumgarner up there casually slugging .500 against Kershaw
1:42 "exercising and eating a well balanced breakfast. Is that what they're calling steroids now?"
I really like this video, but I hate this music. I cannot italicize anything on my phone, but just imagine hate in the previous sentence is italicized.
Who in the hell has the time to sit down and figure this out.
An American hero
Gaby or Gary Sanchez
GOAT
Babe Ruth is still alive and I ask these guys to make a video on how that's possible.
It says gaby Sanchez not Gary
What happened  to hin
Bonds should be striped of all records no cheaters allowed
7:56 I love Judge and he’s a great player, but he’s going to be on that list one day lol
Adam Dunn is my favorite of all time. Going to the reds games was always exciting when he was playing because I knew there was a good chance he would hit a hr....or strikeout....but he kept it exciting
penis
"He started eating a well balanced breakfast" lmao yeah barry
we need a dorktown bar, where people can go to talk about the most obscure trivia.
i feel like these guys are the voiceover voices for a lot of videos I have watched on American sport.
"Come on guys Bonds only eats a hearty breakfast of Wheaties







And Steroids!"
My dad hated Adam Dunn (die-hard reds fan), said he only ever tried hitting homeruns
5:27 Gimme a moment... I'm just trying to wrap my head around how a guy was able to record a 170% slugging average
1:37 LMAO OOOOOKAY LETS GO WITH THAT....
i wish i could do half of what adam dunn...
"And that's without even talking about his defense.  I'm surprised you guys didn't talk about the 2009 season.  How often do you see a player notch 4 wins above replacement at the plate and manage to be a worse-than-replacement-level player?!

That whole Nationals outfield was one of the most amusing 3-ring circuses I've seen above the single A level.  All three outfielders had negative dWAR with Adam Dunn alone costing the Nationals a wopping 45 runs in the field."
Hmmm...I wonder how Dave Kingman compares.  He hit a bunch of meaningless home runs.
too much math for my hangover
Damn Kershaw is a beast
This is the video you show to your girlfriend to explain why you love baseball so much -- right (?)
“He started exercising and eating a balance breakfast” HAHAHAHAHAHAHA
This background music is so unnecessary
Chris Davis would be able to put a dot even further on the outlier as Dunn in 2018 but he can't hit home runs any more.  As of now, 166 PA, 4 HR, 14 BB, 60 K.  78/166 comes out to 47%.  He was above 50% a couple weeks ago but decided to ground into the shift a bunch of times rather than swing and miss.  And the Orioles still owe him over $100 for the next four plus seasons.
1:45 Cough, Steroids, Cough
Rickey Henderson...hell yeah.
I love his name Jon Bois
I dont think alberts on the same nutritious diet Barry bonds was 😂💀
The new series is good but I miss the dramatic music and incredible graphics of chart party.
This is awesome
Now Kershaw is straight doo doo
Would like to see it, but don't see Albert passing Bonds.  He looks like he is playing without his legs under him.  Shame. Still one of the Best hitters ever.  He has the most intentional walks of any other member of the  3000 hit club.
Bumgarner hitting .500 off Kershaw and has 2 homers
Two words - Herb Washington.  WEIRDEST. CAREER. EVER.
Adam Dunn: A true hero.
Pujols didn’t take PH Drugs like Bonds did either
WOW! great stuff guys
Adam Dunn once went two calendar years without a sacrifice hit. In all the times he came up to the plate, not once during that perod did he hit a fly ball out that advanced the runner.
"You wanna talk all-or-nothing type players?

Two words: Dave. Kingman. Thank you and drive through."
That 40-100-150 Line May be broken by Aaron Judge right? I mean last year he went 52-127-208. This year he is on pace for 43-142-221 already tying for 2nd place on that list.
Rick Ankiel is up there...
The meaning of life is 42. Just read hitchhikers guide to the galaxy.
"I don't even watch baseball, and I came here from a youtube channel talking about Ed, Edd, & Eddy but this was fascinating.

thank you."
I often wonder what sort of numbers Rob Deer would have had if he played now.  He didn't get to play as much because when he played, K's were frowned on,  Now, they're just a part of doing business.  Deer would have played more, and would have put up some impressive HR and K numbers.
I’m a White Sox fan and his 2011 season was horrible to watch, him and Konerko were suppose to be a power combo but Dunn was horrible, he came back and made the All Star team in 2012 though. Biggest letdown in White Sox history.
I'm waiting for the Henderson video.
Double dorks definitely
Less silliness please.
Don’t forget the fact he didn’t have a sacrifice fly the entire 2004 season when he hit 49Hr. I went to a ton of games that year, it drove me mad!
the music is horrible and distracting
Adam Dunn was also one of the worst defenders ever.
Enjoyed the video
the money saved is a bit of a stretch dont you think. i mean if there were nobody on the field then he could have took a different approach than to homer or strike out... like getting on base with a solid bunt down the 3rd base side... i mean there would be nobody on 1st for the pitcher to throw it too...
Honestly Dunn was ahead of his time. Hitters are trending more towards the "three/four true outcomes" and the launch angle revolution has everybody hitting more fly balls than they used to. Even his career strikeout rate of 28.6% wouldn't be that high today but was very high for his time.
Where does Jack Cust rank on the HR/BB/HBP/K rank on the list, especially when he was with the A's?
The LEAST like Dunn would be a high average, low power, low strikeout, low walk hitter. Ichiro, perfectly.
That chart completely disregards the number of games in each season, you should compare homeruns per game or per at bat!
I’m subscribing just because of this video
Jon Bois could chart and narrate the science of paint drying and I'd watch with rapt attention.
barry bonds joke was hilariously deadpan
Adam Dunn career was ruined by the infield shift. No that complex.
What they said about Barry Bonds made me laugh out loud in my class😂
And then there is our old buddy Barry Bonds who towards the end of his career learned how to work out (and ingest PED's)  to go along with a well balanced diet.
did you make a new one yet
The fact that Jay Bruce hit 2 homeruns in the same game against Kershaw is amazing!
cant be weirder than charlie sweeney.
For the first 3 minutes I had him confused with Aaron Boone
I like Adam Dunn and I don't care what anybody says and/or thinks. 'Nuff said ...
U WROTE GARY SANCHEZ WRONG AT 5 MINS AND 40 SECS
Two more things to add -   The guy had only 40 career sacrifice fly balls..   14 years, 40 sac fly balls..   Also he played over 2000 games, and never appeared in a postseason game
He also got randomly dissed by a GM of a team he wasn't even on (Toronto) on some radio show when a caller mentioned him as someone they could trade for. The GM went on a tirade about how Dunn was basically a beer league caliber player. Then claimed he called Dunn to apologize but Dunn said he never did. Strangest thing I've ever seen.
So where's this Ricky Henderson episode??
What on Earth was that thumbnail
Dad always said he had a piano strapped to his ass when he would run
Jon Bois is the only person who can make baseball interesting
"Weirdest baseball career since the inception of the sport" - lol and we forgot all about Rube, would up and chase fire trucks mid game.
:')
baseball is alout more than you guys think I play AAA baseball so im not the best but I know baseball isnt just duing nothing
Bonds is the GOAT. Pujols exercised and ate just as much breakfast as Bonds. Just like everyone else in that era. There's is/has/always will be guys who are much bigger than Bonds who hit way fewer home runs than him. But Bonds was a jerk to the sports media so a bunch of pencil necked jagoffs who couldn't hit a 75 mph fastball are getting their revenge. He disgraced the game? No, a bunch of hacks who names no one knows keeping him out of the hall of fame is the disgrace to the game.
BOIS
Very well done! Great dimensional analysis and hilarious conclusion. Loved the balanced breakfast jab.
exercising and eating "well balanced breakfasts" XD
these guys know nothing about the game. this is pathetic.
Joey Gallo is basically the Adam Dunn of this era
Haha, "Poo holes"
I LOST IT AT THE AMOUNT OF MONEY MLB TEAMS WASTED LMFAO
The Mendoza line is .220.  Just thought you'd like to know.
This channel is phenomenal.
Gotta love Big Donkey
"Adam Dunn? If you're watching".  The end of civilization.
Well balanced bowl of roids
This was great!!
Could you guys turn the volume up a little on your intro card? My left eardrum didn't quite explode.
All fastball hitters hit Kershaw well just look at the list it’s not perplexing at all
did you really do one on Ricky Henderson, or was that a joke?
LMAO 1:37
As someone who lives in Baltimore, I feel like Chris Davis has got to be somewhere high on that chart of the 4 outcomes
What a great video. I love doing nothing, its my favorite thing to do. I could have been an infielder for those 55 games, i woulda been great at it.
That was awesome!!
This is good. Your sound mix sucks
Adam Dunn was always one of my favorite players. He either walked, homerun, or struck out. This video just reinforced my opinion.
Every Jon Bois video has the loudest intro music on the face of the planet. It's literally twice as loud as his speaking voice.
I have no idea about baseball. I only watched this video for our Lord and Saviour, Jon Bois! Hail Jon!
Hank Aaron??
Bonds started exercising and eating a balanced breakfast 😂
Guys please turn down or choose less distracting background music. Its particularly distracting 230-245
If you not going to insult the guy you don't need to apologize.
This was pretty good...
WTF was up with Eddie Mathews in 1964?
is he good or bad haha
I read somewhere that Dunn actually made a legend come true.  Playing for Cincinnati, he hit a ball out of the park which, with the help of a parking lot and a concrete plaza rolled into Ohio river (which geographically begins the state of Kentucky).  Adam Dunn once hit a ball into the next state.
The background music had me in a wicked trance! Now I feel like a lubricated imbecile .. thanks
BONDS = ROIDS
Career .237 BA. 2,379 Strikeouts in 14 seasons. Sadly, he probably made more than $100,000,000.
These guys dress as girls
“Exercising and eating well-balanced breakfasts” lmao
interesting video
Barry bonds.. started exercising and eating well balance breakfast... you said STEROIDS wrong
The planetarium music really brings it all together
"Funny stuff.
That game where Jay Bruce homered twice on Kershaw was an epic Sunday night duel Homer Bailey won 2-1, in a weekend sweep..."
Porter Texas baby
Between a drunk penguin and a blind sloth? Thats still better than me.
how about some Dunn highlights fellas?
Great video, terrible sound editing.
Fans in Cincinnati used to ream the crap out of Big Donkey  because he sucked in left field and struck out alot. He made Manny Ramirez look like a gold glover.
Nice to see rizzo at the top of that lefties vs Kershaw list
it was fun playing with adam dunn on video games especially when he was with the reds
So wtf happened in 2011???
Watching this while drunk as fuck
VERSUS not verse.
that was good, thank you, i wouldnt even mind if you dropped the humor next one. the humor in this one was great tho
The quintessential all or nothing ball player. Good player,  nothing more.
Soriano and Rizzo tho
Barry never failed a drug test
He also has a Oscar for Dallas Buyers Club.
So like the mlb just lets players who were found positive for steroids or other enhancing drugs  keep their records?
Loved it
That's what Aaron judge is too
Bruh he from outside of Houston
This just proves baseball has a stat for every thing
Tim Kurkjian, Buster Onley, Jon Bois.
This music drove me bonkers
Donkey
i was at the game when Dunner hit his first home run, 2001. he had the kind of stroke that looked effortless when he made contact...............WHEN he made contact.   the rest of the time he looked like a little leaguer.....at the plate and in left. i'll never forget his walk-off grand slam against the indians
I'm in awe. Absolute unit
What if every baseball game ended in a walkoff??
Watching this video without skipping through it over and over is just not possible.
Fascinating.
Hä? Can anyone explain what these numbers mean?
Lmao pujols is natural bonds wasn’t wouldn’t even compare the two
Barry Bonds is a cheater
Bonds was juicing dumbass I hope you’re playing dumb
Dunn also played a lot of his career batting behind Griffey JR.
Well balanced breakfast 😭😂
Adam Dunn consistently hit 30-40 dingers every year.  You can't do that!
i hate baseball. and most sports.. used to come on and replace saturday cartoons.. bs
Bonds started exercising and eating a well balanced breakfast lol,  nice
the barry bonds one at the begining cracked me up
Always hated players like Dunn.   I didn't know that stat vs Kershaw tho.  That's pretty wild.
Chris Davis must be in the four true outcome group...
Exercising and eating a well balanced breakfast...epic.
NO CAPES!!!
AKA The Big Donkey. his 2011 season with the white sox was the worst of any player that season. It wasn't necessarily his fault, management kept saying, send him out there he has to get hot one of these days. NOT.
5:22 I like how Bumgarner is at the top of the list against Kershaw
Ted Williams lost 5 years to military service, 3 in WW2 and 2 more in Korea
He refused to run after a ball in right field that he could have easily gotten to. Because he did not get to the ball it ended up a ground-rule double breaking a guys nose the section over from me.
I loved Adam Dunn. He hit 40 plus homers for 7 straight season. Give or take
Lol Barry bonds starting exercising more and eating a more balanced breakfast, that’s what caused hat size to grow well after his 30th birthday of course
Stupid music in the background, I couldn't watch it all
Adam Dunn was my favorite player growing up in Cincinnati. I cried when I accidently broke his bobble head the night I got it. He, to me, really was a hero, because he gave me an early love for baseball that I still have today.
Good video but i was expecting them to give a reason why. Why did his career fall off? Why is he a 3 true outcomes player? Why does he destroy Kershaw?
9:51 - 9:57 I wish someone would look at me the way Alex looks at Jon.
this video needs to just get to the point. why is he weird? bc he didnt run bases just hit home runs or struck out. the end.
Any speculation on WHY 2011 was such an outlier?  I literally thought that would be the topic of the entire video and it wasn't mentioned.
jon bois...MORE VIDEOS PLEASE!!
"Hi, Humans. Magic is as magic does. Does magic create more Magic? Does a fire make magic more magical? The flames from a fire, grow to a new form of magic. Everything magical leads to something without magic.

TERRANCE OUT"
Gaby Sanchez
Ah the steroid usage yes the well balanced diet
Bonds also did steroids
When is pretty good returning?
What was Barry Bonds eating for breakfast?
Not every strikeout means no running to first. Don't forget about dropped third strikes. But I'm guessing that he was so unaccustomed to having to run to first that he never beat the catcher's throw.
john 3.16
John Bois is my Waifu.
That was awesome
Adam Dunn became the prototyocal for.mlb now. Walk home run or strike out
gREAT aMERICAN bALLpark is a shallow low 404
BOIS BOIS BOIS BOIS BOIS
At 5:40 you put gaby Sanchez instead of Gary Sanchez
greater sound mixing. the sound effects are at least twice as loud as the speaking audio
"God, he could have broken that strikeout record. He was READY to do it.

When he retired, I was so upset for that reason."
Trending BAYBEEEEEEE
Bonds only beat the HR record because he used PED.
barry bonds didn't eat well balanced breakfasts, he just used steroids
RIP my headphones when the music came on....
Former CHATTANOOGA LOOKOUT! 👀
I was a little disappointed in this, I thought it was going to take a closer look at his mysterious futility against left-handers.  Overall, still an interesting video.
"Creator of pointless labor." Haha
As a Reds fan, I have to love Dunn.... how can you not though...
"Baseball is the one sport where is you play it right, you don't have to do anything." That might've been the stupidest thing I have ever heard.
"Oh dear...I love Adam Dunn. And I love Jon Bois.
And now I get to listen to Jon Bois talking about Adam Dunn?

I'M NOT READY."
fucking dorks
After watching this I feel like I need to go sign up for nasa
And with this video, the entire "Nerds are cool" construct has been demolished.
"dunn was not only one of the best home run sluggers in history, but his walk ability (not shown in the video as it relates historically) also had him in the top-40 all-time when he retired.
here is one to ponder:
who was better at the primary concern for a baseball hitter, getting on base, between adam dunn and ichiro?
.364 dunn
.355 ichiro
you read that correctly. if you needed a guy to get on base, dunn was just plain better than ichiro. now throw in the fact that dunn had 460+ career homers in only 14 seasons, and it isn't even close. dunn was just as good as ichiro in getting on base AND had legendary power.
FACTS"
Are the hosts married to each other? Seems do.n
This video is so low key, yet somehow interesting.
joe panik clayton kershaw
Well balanced breakfast! 😂
I love the content, but the music is too loud
Bonds was juicing. He was taking PEDs. Bonds was taking Steroids. His teammates didn’t congratulate him when he reached his big milestones, so that says something.
Gaby sanchez? Isn't it Gary sanchez
this is like.. my new favorite video
It's obvious what happened in 2011: Adam Dunn stopped exercising and eating balanced breakfasts.
If Jon is consistent wrong about everything then I’ve never been right about anything in my life
"5 singles + 1 double = 7 bases.




Sounds good to me."
If Dunn had spent his career as a DH he would've been a great, great player, bc his offensive value was tremendous. Endless walks and power. His defense - which was truly terrible, people think Schwarber who is actually mediocre rather than atrocious in the field is bad, they talk about him like he's Dunn, but no, Dunn was Dunn - was such a liability that over the long haul it significantly cut into his value. He still ends up a player with like 16 or 17 WAR but if you park him in the AL his whole career he plays longer and doesn't have the negative D value and is a 40+ WAR player.
1:42 yeah that’s what it was....
Exercising and eating a well rounded breakfast lol
One of the great natural sluggers of our time! Mr. Dunn, I'm sorry I greatly under-appreciated all you did for the sport
Jon Bois is the degree that separates Griffin mcelroy and Chapo trap house. Idk what this signifies
Albert Pujols is probably the best Homerun hitter
Will Ferrell
Background music is terrible, ruined video.
this is amazing
I miss chart party
Hey it's Jon Bois!
Can we go back to Chart Party?
☺
Standing around doing nothing 90% of the time is the definition of baseball.
He should be arrested for the money he stole while in Chicago
Gaby sanchez
What a video
Slugging percentage does not properly weigh extra base hits....
I’m shook
Barry Bonds "started exercising and eating well-balanced breakfasts"  hahahahaa
Who's Gaby Sanchez?
Stat nerds. The least fun nerds
Hysterical!!!!
Barry Bonds started exercising and eating a well balanced breakfast towards the end of his career lol!
Please say the entire word "versus," not just "verse."
Good gravy.  I finally ran into a guy who's wasting their life more than I am.  Wait!  TWO guys wasting their lives more than I am!
He was my favorite player when I was a kid.
This is beautiful.
The fielders were hardly pointless.   If you remember later in his career,  they were all stacked on the right side of the infield.  Since I don't consider a Bb and hbp to be a different outcome,  he really had 4 outcomes.  Walk,  strikeout,  hit directly into the shift or homerun
But why did he start sucking?
This was great. You guys have entirely to much time on your hands. Lol
Hahahahaha exercising and eating well balanced breakfasts! Love it!
Ted Williams lost 5 years to war basically. 3 to WWII and 2 to Korea. He hit 13 homers in just 37 games in 1953.
What is this spa music?
CAN YOU MADE ONE FOR SADAHARU OH? HE CLOBBERED 106 MORE DINGERS THAN BONDS.
As a Brewer fan, I never expected ROB DEER to be mentioned in these videos.  Well done!
Aaron Judge was a Four outcomes player last year.
Bond's "Well balanced diet " should be recommended for everyone.
" E X E R C I S I N G  A N D  E A T I N G  A  M O R E  B A L A N C E D  B R E A K F A S T . "
The neckbeard ruined him
lol
"Speaking for myself here, I played the game up to 92.  My last game that I played was in Cooperstown over Fall Ball in College.  Now during my short but very satisfying baseball years I dominated one particular HS baseball team in Upstate NY.  I had more success over that team than lets say half the teams I had faced. For some reason I hit more Home runs off their pitchers and all I can say was that at that time I could see the ball better, my batting stance was corrected by my father before the season began and it paid off.

Now just guessing here, and not relying solely on Advanced Matrix to try to define the game is that in the case of the Dodgers Ace vs. Adam Dunn perhaps he saw the ball better off the Lefty than others.  It could be the Arm angle of the pitcher where Adam could see the ball better.  There are so many dam factors on why he could dominate one pitcher vs. the rest.

Do you know if Adam and Clayton played before, perhaps in College?  So while it might seem odd to you, for those who played the game even at the HS and College Levels we can tell you that the story of Adam isn't that strange to begin with.
I'll give you this on your opening;  BABE would have hit over 800 if he didn't pitch first.

Now for your comment on ""Pointless Labor""  it's comments like this that makes me believe you never played the game."
He was the chosen one!  It was said he would be the strike out king of all time!  You retired to early, I was counting on it!
Funny story about Dunn. My hitting coach played with him briefly in Chicago. Dunn went 0-4 with 4K in spring training. Came back to the dugout and looked at the sky and says”that fucking sucked, oh well. Still a millionaire.”
I got to watch Dunn play single A ball in Dayton. he was freakish even then, his balls would leave the park regularly.  After he left the Reds Is when I saw a decline though.
I remember when he was on the nats. I was listening to the car radio. "A routine flyball... and dunn cant make it to the ball"
The meaning of life is 42.
Lmaooo that bonds comment
How many of those strikeouts were dropped 3rd strikes?, which would require fielding.
I don’t even like baseball why am I here
my first ever mlb game i was 11 years old, ill never forget, it was Cincinati  at  Phillies, and Adam Dum hit 3 home runs in that game
Also lol
Nice, that was a great rundown.
Judge was 392/678 that's 57.8%
"How about judge
52hr 127BB 208k"
I like you dorks because you're cool and like baseball. You forgot one thing in your equation of 54 games- the outfielders craning their necks as a Dunn -hit baseball sailed high over their heads into the bleachers. HRs can't be factored into the equation of watching a game where no ball is fielded because HRs are exciting.
I'm coming around on this format. The three of you have really great chemistry.
Hey back in the early days of the Washington Nationals Adam Dunn was one of the coolest if not the coolest thing about the team. He was the "big donkey"
5+1=6
Like kershall and Dunn were bffs before MLB and they said when I face you let me hit good
1:41 Right...
White Sox fan. I remember how bad that Adam Dunn season was.
One problem with your idea of wasted money on paying guys not to field: in baseball, position players are paid to hit, not field. I’m a Red Sox fan. Do you think Jackie Bradley Jr. will ever make what J.D. Martinez makes? No. Yet Bradley is a far better fielder than Martinez but can’t hit a lick (except for the occasional Eutaw Street shot). Good hitters who are bad fielders are forced to play the field (well, unless you’re David Ortiz), so yeah, I’m not buying your point there...
Barry started exercising at the end of his career? LOOOOOL if you kept watching this joke of a video after hearing that you are probably a Trump supporter.
“He started exercising and eating a well balanced breakfast” lol Barry loved his breakfast
Slugging Pct does not "properly" weight extra base hits.  It weights them, yes, but wOBA is the one that does it properly.
Joey Gallo is the first major leaguer to reach 50 HRs before 50 Singles, he struck out 300 plus times already, talk about all or nothing.
You remind me of jim from the office
Joe McEwing owned the big unit Randy Johnson, at least during his Mets tenure.
Love Jon.
Exercising and eating a healthy breakfast. I'm weak
Man that Kershaw stat blew my fucking mind
i couldn't play with a guy like dunn, he would drive me nuts, the number of runners he left stranded must have been high too.
Sort out your volume levels!!
Your full of shit about Barry Bonds. He was on roids!!! Started working out and ate a well balanced meals lol!!! Your a douche!!!
I at least wanted some theory of why.  Was it lefty vs. lefty yips?  Did his contract with the devil expire?
"Are you looking for more great content like this? That's good. Hope you find it. Bye." - Jon Bois' best sign off ever. No sub begging, gets 200K views and 247K subs anyway.
I don’t even watch sports but damn this was interesting
What is the name of that music in the background?
Can't wait for the Rickey Henderson episode!
8:23 - 9:45, one of my new favorite Jon Bois moments.
Weirder than Jeff Franceur?
Great video. Interesting
When Dunn was with the Dayton Dragons (A) I saw him rob a home run.
Also, if the umpire calls infield fly rule, then the fielders are unnecessary, except for just being on the field for the rule to apply.
Adam dunn is my life goal 😂😂😂
The first player to ever hit a home run into another state!
O
1:45 AMAZING description of Barry Bonds! Nice work, fellas....great video!
Barry bonds also used steroids 😂 you forgot about that
Adam Dunn went to my High school New Caney High school
How does the clock jump several hours in the middle of the episode?
That balanced breakfast does it
just sent this video to the dunn family - I know adam's dad, the sheriff of a town near me - gonna update this comment on what adam says
I have a practice used bat from Adam Dunn
JON BOIS
Russell "The Muscle" Brayan is another good 3TOs player.
"He started exercising and eating a well balanced breakfast" ..... LMAO
5:32 Gaby Sanchez?
I can only laugh lmao the only memory I have of Dunn running is absolutely running over a catcher at home plate like the 18 wheeler that he is
Lol I have a Adam Dunn White Sox jersey. He was my favorite player.
Will Pretty Good ever return
Ground rule double is a true outcome
JON
Did y’all factor in dropped 3rd strikes that ended in strikeouts were he had ran to first instead of getting tagged at the plate? I wonder if There would be enough to skew the numbers to below 50% of not running to first.
You had me at Rickey Henderson.
Ah, Jon Bois and you're goofy, charming editing
yes, Ricky Henderson is the antithesis of Adam Dunn.I was recently comparing statistics of Th Cobb(who's been my favorite player since I was a little kid), and looking at some of Henderson's records(especially in regards to stolen bases) are just mind boggling. in many of them, he is just miles beyond the next closest competitors.
awesome video.
I remember Adam Dunn got booed all the time at the Cell
MLB never wanted Adam in the ALL STAR HR Contest.  He would have kicked Bonds’ roided ass EVERY time.
wheres the fuckin car
As a Reds and Adam Dunn fan. Thank you for this
please do jeff locke!
Legend has it that Adam Dunn was also a very good basketball player capable of dunking, and was recruited by Mack Brown (as a quarterback, not a safety)
Gaby sanchez?
This is the best version of this show keep it like this.
Who here doesn’t even watch baseball?
love this
Gaby Sanchez?
Kershaw just felt bad
Aaron judge is going to kill these numbers
Wow
I only clicked on this video because of the terrible Photoshop on the thumbnail
JON BOIS
this was published may 1st.....but you show a picture of pujols as a card. LOL
No google earth? or was it just extremely subtle :(
9:36 "He's a creator of pointless labor." ....... Yup. I'd say the guys who made this video know a thing or two about pointless labor.
" Barry Bonds started eating healthy"?!?!? He started juicing on steroids you morons
.074 batting average? That sounds like my entire little league career... might even be a little high
S T E R O I D S
How did you not mention that Dunn had four seasons in a row of exactly 40 HR. Such a satisfying stat line. Such a minor complaint though, I friggin' love anything Jon Bois does. Great episode!!!
Great video
Way to ruin shit w analytics. Nerds
"His 4 years in Chicago he stunk up the place.

In 2012 he was AL Comeback Player of the year for batting. 204. He won because he stunk in 2011 for hitting. 159.

When he did hit a home run it was a pointless shot.

If he came to bat with RISP and 2 out, it was a near automatic strikeout. 

He struck out 704 times. One season he didn't play for most of the last 2 weeks of the season. Supposedly an injury. Most people thought it  was so he wouldn't set record for strikeouts .

Everyone was so happy when he left. Wish we could have gotten more for the  $64M he was paid."
talk quieter please...
Adam Dunn is da real MVP.
lmao that's great stuff, absolute nonsense
"Ted Williams missed more than 3 years in the military.

He flew in Korea and missed games from April 31 1952 to August 1953"
hit AN home run?
Please...stop the willy wonka music. Great video though
Barry Bum Bonds
Of course he started sucking right when the white sox got him.
Your lighting fucking sucks
I got drafted by Stl., and although injury prevented me from making it up to the majors, I played a while in the minors....so I know my shit. And let me tell you: For a RHP like me, a dude like the Big Donkey presents a pressure situation. On the one hand, locate some good pitches and you can earn a K. On the other hand, get too much plate with a dick-high fastball, throw a flat change, throw a frisbee slider or spin a flat curve and The Donkey can snap your head straight backward and send your manager to the bump with his hand out and palm open.
Rickey Henderson says that Rickey Henderson can't wait for the Dorktown about Rickey Henderson, cuz Rickey Henderson ain't no Adam Dunn!
I don't know if this is just for this video or what... but please turn the audio up on your microphones!
where is Jon?
When they said "least Adam Dunn", my immediate guess (before they said the name) was Rod Carew.  One of the weirdest ever stances, but his BA proved he was right.
I'm gonna watch this video every night before bed because I have trouble sleeping and I think this will help
He was certainly the bright spot on some very bad Bowden-era Nats squads.
You guys gotta fix the audio. I keep changing the sound level when the different guys talk.
I really wish he had played a couple more years...just because
Uhmm... I don’t really get the point of this video
I might be preaching to the choir since I see a lot of fellow die-hard Jon Bois fans... but seriously you need to go check out 17776. Like right now.
dropped 3rd strike? catcher & 1B needed for this, eh?
Baseball sucks. So boring
Every time I thought they were going to go into something interesting they moved on. I’ve never been had a video leave me with a more empty feeling
lol
This isn't chart party
Pujols needs to start taking more vitamins to make sure his line doesn't cross other peoples' lines. Crossing lines is not fortuitous!
Is this the Bon Jois everyone's always talking about?
Anyway twist yield God disaster head relevant influence plain climate sauce
HOW do you not mention he went from the most home runs in the NL to the most strikeouts in the AL in 1 season lol
I wanted to hear more about his 2011 season...
Bonds and Pujols are steroid users.
Well this was stupid.
Video does not go anywhere
He was from my home town we went to the same high school
Jon looks like Freddie Freeman
I thoroughly enjoyed this video, and can't wait for the Rickey Henderson counterpoint.  I also wonder how Ichiro stacks up.
I enjoyed the conversation. Everyone in a three-mile radius of my speakers enjoyed the theme music.
Only Reggie Jackson and Jim Thome struck out more than Dunn...and Reggie had 7 more years and Thome 8 more years than Dunn did. Only early-career Mark Reynolds keeps Dunn from having the most strikeouts in a season. Right now, it'd take Reynolds 573 Ks to catch Dunn, and seeing as how he's currently not in the majors, but with the Syracuse Chiefs, it doesn't look like he's gonna get that chance, especially since he doesn't have the power that Dunn did.
JON BOISSS
What about the Rube? Isn't he weirder?
Work on the audio levels please. the music is blasting, but i can barely hear you two talking.
"Breakfast" really had Barry Bonds smackin the ball huh hahhaa
Google Earth must be updating...
Big Donkey!
Not all heroes wear capes, but this one happened to wear a cap.
My favorite Adam Dunn moment:  when Dusty Baker told him to bunt and Dunn said ... "We'll just see about that."  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VE0R3O1-xGE
Haha. We win. They let Bois out of his cell!
I'm a big baseball fan and this was a truly extraordinary video. Well done, boys.
I knew Dunn would be statistically weird. And you guys really talked him up. But my God...I never expected this
Love the context of the video. Did not like having to adjust the volume every 30 seconds. Get an audio engineer or fire the one you have lol
Lmao breakfast of roids
"Where is did chart party???







Really tho John bois is my favorite YouTuber ever"
God has returned
Very Good Video
RICKYYYYYYYYYY
intro was super loud
"Just making sure I understood this correctly: Adam Dunn was absolute garbage against left handed pitchers during some time of his career. But against that one particular left handed pitcher who absolutely dominated left handed batters, he was exceptionally good?

Also, please turn down the volume of the music!"
It was interesting at the beginning but the end with the salaries was kinda stupid.
Why why why and why ??? Do you think playing the music in the background is a good idea ???
I need some john bois basketball
JON BOISSSSSSSS
Bonds started exercising and using roids
Where's Mark Reynolds on these charts?
Omg you totally made baseball make sense to me when you talked about the four true outcomes. I’m fine now. THank you.
And the other 50% were ground rule doubles
Baseball champion
Yeah... it was exercise and a well-balanced breakfast that was the reason Bonds hit so many home runs at the end of his career... that is just as likely as me shiting a leprechaun holding a bowl of Lucky Charms
I'm pretty sure Barry Bonds was doing more than just eating healthier and exercising.
Oh the reds....we are the Cleveland browns of baseball but still my home team. But hey we still got the cyclones and fc Cincinnati!
All Pujols needs to do to hit more bangers is go see Bonds' dietician and personal trainer, right?
The meaning of life is 42.
Love the video guys keep up the great work
Adam Dunn is the fucking man
where's jon
Ricky still hit dingers, but bruuuuuuuuuuuuh this gone be fun!
You can't fool me! This is Chart Party in disguise!
honestly great vid
Damn Bruce Chen gotta feel awesome!
"Kinda want pretty good back
:( but this episode was better than the first"
Great insights!
Anyone else notice Madison Bumgarner at 5:23? .500 SLG% vs Kersh.
Joey Votto’s game ages like fine wine.
Surely this is 'Pretty Good', no?
This was awesome
Dunn once hit 41 HR with a .204 BA.  Not to be outdunn, Mark Reynolds hit 32 HR while having a sub .200 BA (.198).
He also smoked crack but...
Much better. Actually bringing the charts from chart party into it! Don't make dorktown a budget chart party, you're better than that, Jon.
Gaby Sanchez
Hahahaha Bonds started hitting more homeruns because he started eating a balanced breakfast! Yeah, hormones balanced with steroids lol
Eating a well balanced breakfast!!!!!! Youre killing me Jon. HAHAHAHAHH!!
Adam "The Big Donkey" Dunn is the only player in MLB history to hit a ball across state lines. In 2004 smashed a ball off Jose Lima that left Great American Ball Park in Cincinnati, Ohio, bounced off the road and into a section of the Ohio River that is part of Kentucky.
This year Aaron Judge has 132 PA, 1 HBP, 7 HR, 25 BB, and 41 SO. That puts him at 56% if anyone was wondering.
I am a simple man. I see Jon Bois in a video, I like.
I love your vids but the audio is always too low.
Jon Bois is the GOAT
Great video. Adam Dunn was my favorite Reds player when I was younger. Everyone thought he was terrible because his batting average was never particularly high. However,  after looking at his his stats today and putting more emphasis walks and slugging, I am convinced Dunn was one of the more underappreciated players in baseball. Dunn posted an OPS slightly above .900 during his eight seasons with a terrible Reds team. The only other Reds player I've seen to produce comparable hitting numbers is Joey Votto.
The AL eats people alive
Rickey Henderson is the real GOAT of baseball. Imo
Only like 4 years late on this topic but I’ll take it
PLEASE do more of these.
I feel that the fact that Bumgarner has a.500 slugging percentage against Kershaw needs to be noticed
1:42 by "started exercising" you really mean taking steroids.
This video was good, not Trump getting impeached good.
That Barry Bonds joke was hilarious 😂
This wasn't Pretty Good... but it was close.
You guys realize the word is pronounced verSUS, right?
His 2011 season he played 122 games with 11 homers and batting 159... that's crazy
You know, growing up watching Dunn, I always knew there was something different about him
Damn it now I'm going to have the scour the MLB rule book to see if there is any rule against players wearing capes.
The meaning of life is to live.
Make a Rob Deer video
Jon Boissss
Forgot about Gaby Sanchez. At first I thought it was a typo. Hhaha
Socialist slant at the end doesn't go unnoticed.
5:22 ayyy, jeff francouer made it to Dorktown! Say hello, everybody!
Return of the king!!
We want chart party back!
What's with the masseuse music
Funniest thumbnail I’ve ever seen.
What's The music being used in the background? Really liked it.
Like if you wanna give Jon a peck on the cheek
Thanks for checking on me dad.
Also hit the second longest homerun in Chase Field
He was great on the Nats, but 5 years later you might say his career was “Dunn”
I am a Reds fan so I like Adam Dunn... He's getting elected to the Reds HOF this season...
Jon I love you but learn how to mix your dang audio
bro what r u guys talking about lol
Everybody should read 17776.
I once attended a baseball game when the Baltimore Orioles played the Chicago White Sox, and the whole time the 2 guys sitting behind me were just yelling at Adam Dunn, making sure he knew that there was an 18% chance that he would get on base.
Bois is just Ginger speak for BOSS
Adam Dunn was also pretty much the strongest player of his era. Check out his homerun distances.
I'm going down to Dorktown, the dork's a friend to me.
Jon has an amazing twitter
Bc anything with Jon bois is amazing so
Lol actually good I just like chart party better and pretty good. Will those return?
Remember the time Adam Dunn literally hit a home run into a different state
Rob Deer! My dad caught one of his home runs in the left field bleachers at County Stadium back in like 1992. He made the highlight reel on the local news, and I was so bummed out because I missed it because I went down by the Brewer's dugout ball hawking, bugging Mike Fetters for a ball, lol
Matt Adams homered off kershaw In 2014
THE MAN THE MYTH THE LEGEND JON BOIS
Adam Dunn was the player that originally got me a baseball fan
"I still remember... ""The Nationals fortune rest on the broad shoulders of slugger Adam Dunn""
Great times..."
Adam Dunn was one of my favorite players when I was a kid.... now he's my hero
Wait...he hit 169%? He it 69% more than he was thrown? I don't understand baseball.
You have given us so much to like about this video! Thanks for posting! Alex's use of the word "verse" is like fingernails on a chalkboard throughout the narration. And the word you want is "versus." That change would make this video go from good to pretty good.
I wonder why SB Nation doesn’t have more subscribers?
My all time favorite player lmao
Didn't Adam dunn hit a 535ft homerun
i see jon, i click like.
Anyone know the song that plays throughout? I really dig it.
this is............PRETTY GOOD
One ofbmy favourite athletes every guy made bank never ran put in minimal effort true hero and role model to all
SB nation is finally giving the people what they want
I love RH! Can't wait. The music sucks; make it quieter. I like these videos, because the absolute absurdity makes me laugh for 5+ minutes straight.
Pujols is what 38 he'll be 42 at the end of the contract he can still crank 17 to 21 long balls but 762 ain't happening definitely hall of fame caliber but he's at 619 and 4 years left in that 240mil contract i don't think he'll make it. Come on 4 years left i say AP finishes at 690 career home runs
Make Chart Party Great Again
The king has returned.
I had hoped that Adam "Mutant Will Ferrell" Dunn would stick around for two more years so he could break Reggie Jackson's strikeout record.
Do a video on the Rube.  That would make a pretty good pretty good episode
So by healthy breakfast he means roids
Hey Jon, Upload much?
More fun facts about Dunn, he is in two other rare list. One, he is one of the only people to hit an ultimate grand slam, a walk off grand slam we’re the home team is down by 3 runs. Two, he is in the over 500ft homer club, where he has 2 of them. Since the Cincinnati stadium is right by the Ohio river and the Ohio river is land of Kentucky for some reason, Dunn hit the ball in to the Ohio river which means Dunn hit the ball into a different state
Like this comment if you want card show back.
When Adam Dunn started with the Reds he either struck out or knocked the cover off the ball.
YEAH THE BOIS
Always liked Dunn as a kid because i loved baseball but i only wanted to hit homers that was kinda his thing he either struck out or hit a bomb 😂
14,589th view 185th comment
"My brothers name is Adam dunn 

Not this person 
But has the same name"
I watched Adam Dunn when he played for the Reds.  I remember joking around that it was always either a home run, strikeout, or fly out.  Those infographics were insane.
I'm a reds fan. Adam Dunn almost drove me to suicide so many times.
Comrade Adam Dunn instituted the universal basic income
Here's a statistical outlier for ya - in baseball right now 12 out of 30 teams have a better record on the road than at home.
Adam Dunn is not watching , but continue
Posted on my 19th birthday! Thanks Jon and Alex!
I LOVE DORKTOWN (I did scream that)
Our messiah has returned to us!!!!
"Adam Dunn is a weird beast.
Thing is, in video games, he was a MONSTER. But he was just like real life: Jack, K, or Walk."
Adam Dunn was also only on only one playoff team in his entire career, the 2014 Oakland A’s that lost in the wild card game to the Royals. This was the last season of his career, and I believe he was the only position player for the A’s to not appear in the game. He retired soon after, never being able to play in the playoffs.
He signed my Emperors New Groove DVD years ago when he played for the Dayton Dragons. I asked him to sign my bat but he said he would only sign that DVD case.
jonnnnn
Who the fuck are these two hipster douchebags?
My sentence is: From groundouts to dingers.
Dunn sucked
You are doing the right thing
JON THE PRODUCTION QUALITY IS TOO HIGH YOU NEED TO GOOGLE EARTH LO-FI IT FOR US NEXT TIME
Dorktown is very good.
Great vid!
The other strange is Adam Dunn went over 1000 at bats without a Sacrifice Fly.  Dunn went the entire 2004 season without a Sac Fly.  How is this possible???
Kind of off topic... But who bought the season 4 battle pass
Chart Party Only. I don't like change.
Matt Carpenter owned kershsw
Adam Dunn was one of my favorite Reds players...
I like Adam Dunn.
The Big Donkey!
This was great. Can't wait for Rickey Henderson.
I went on a Wrigley Field tour about 10 years ago.  One of the visitor's clubhouse attendants told our group that Adam Dunn would eat 10 McDonald's cheeseburgers before every game.
Gonna be the same video about Joey gallo after he retires
Jack Cust https://www.baseball-reference.com/players/c/custja01.shtml was a 53.47% 4-outcome hitter
He went to new caney high school.
Ruth also played less games per season compared to modern players.
Great vid
Great video
I might be the only one but I liked the big lumberjack guy
Awesome series keep it up! Also all the Jon Bois stat shows are great too.
Regardless, it's always fun to watch a mammoth of a human being hit balls 500 feet
I love this channel.
WHAT HAPPENED TO CHART PARTY
Go Reds!
I can’t believe he hasn’t played a single playoff game
WHERE IS JON
"THIS WAS GOOD BUT NOT, PRETTY GOOD"
Is it just me or is the audio in the dorktown videos extremely quiet?
The greatest ambition any athlete can have is to have their story told by Jon Bois.
This was a complete waste of 10:28
Jon I thought your favorite player was Jeff Francoeur
More!
I miss chart party
I don't understand, why do you guys respect Bonds so much knowing he did steroids?
Make chart party great again
"I think Jon Bois knows when one of his followers is extremely sad. Every time I even contemplate my own mortality Bois is there to save me.

Thank God for Saturday College Football."
This was a show but it wasn't Card Show.
Geektastic.
Adam Dunn is the first, last and only dude BORN to play DH....
This is really cool and all, but where is chart party. I need some more smooth jazz in my life.
praise be
that was pretty good
I love it when Jon bois and Jon bois 2 come together to make a video
Rickey is my favorite player ever
Gaby Sanchez
This is one of my favorite channels on youtube. I love how detailed your research is on these stories. Keep it up! Can you make a video sometime focused around the mariners, or griffey or edgar or something?
Every one of these videos Jon makes is time hes spending not making Pretty Good and Chart Party
Jon’s not dead.
So this is like Pretty Good but way worse
As a sox fan I can confirm he was unwatchable in 2011
Show is good. But it’s the worst name ever given to anything ever.
Can y'all just make a playlist with every Jon Bois video so I know I didn't miss anything
HE'S BACK
Ah, that good old unmixed audio is just music to my ears
"""So if you think about it, Dunn's a hero. He forced baseball teams to pay guys a total of nearly seven million bucks to just stand there. He's a creator of pointless labor. There's nothing more heroic than that.""

Happy International Workers' Day! ☭"
why do you keep putting people who arent jon bois on screen, i dont get it
I'm a simple man, I see Jon Bois, I upvote
Hi, the music is a lot louder than the rest of the show, if some leveling or other audio magic could be applied for future eps it would be very nice please
"there was this mlb player in the early 1900s who would wrestle alligators and follow firetrucks.
Heres a couple of his sites:
https://baseballhall.org/hall-of-famers/waddell-rube
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Rube_Waddell"
"DORKTOWN!!!

YES!!!"
this is the best video about a single baseball player since your Franceour spotlight
Hail to the Bois!
This was good, hell i’ll say it. This was pretty good. Also didn’t touch on his power. Of the 10 longest home runs hit in the MLB 2 of them belong to Dunn. He hit a ball 535ft one time that started in Ohio and ended in Kentucky (look it up).
Please bring back Chart Party!
Jon Bois looks like a gnome from the side
WHERE'S JOHN BO...... Oh thanks SB Nation
Not as good as chart party or Pretty Good
I'm starting to enjoy these as much as Pretty Good/Chart Party. I hope the injection of other personalities and the added outside research and perspectives helps these come out more often.
I didn't watch this video but I heard it had Jon in it. Hey, Jon.
Where's chart party?
Correct me if I'm wrong, but wasn't Adam Dunn quoted saying something along the lines of "I don't even like baseball, I only play because I'm good at it and I get paid a lot of money to do it" ?
Alex may be the mayor of Dorktown but we all know he's just a figurehead for Supreme Commander Jon Bois.
Jon Bois is the true hero.
"B O I S
O
I
S"
This was party but it wasn’t chart party
Bois!!!
this is good...but it isnt...
welcome to College Football Saturday
I literally stop whatever I'm doing when I see that a video bearing the visage of Jon Bois has been uploaded to the World Wide Web.
Thank god you ditched that sad, brown couch.
Does this count as a Pretty Good episode?
If by “well balanced breakfast” you mean “injecting himself with horse semen” then yes.
B.o.i.s
You can see a preview of Ricky Henderson on one chart from their 8 runs on 9 Pitches (Fernando Tatis half-inning video).  The guy was an INSANE base stealer.
1:37 "he started excising and eating well balanced breakfasts" lmao
Ah, good ol' 'No-run' Dunn.
This was way better than the first episode.Almost pretty good.
This was OK but not Pretty Good
It’s yo Bois
JoN bOiS
Oh my god that was an amazing video.
Yeah, he ate that special brand of cereal called Roid-O's.
This was pretty good... but not Pretty Good
I'm new here can someone explain the Jon bois meme to me lmao
Great Video again as always. #Dorktown
"he started exercising and eating a healthy breakfast" Roid-Os
Joey Gallo literally set a higher record for "four true outcomes" last season.  532 PA, 41 HR, 75 BB, 196 K, 8 HBP = 60.1%  THE NEW GOD.
John Bois sneaks in. Good thing I chose to watch this
*Adam Dunn has reasonable to nice hair
BOIS
'well balanced breakfast' that makes you double in size
you know a Jon Bois video just by the thumbnail
As a reds fan, I always said Adam Dunn either hit a home run, struckout, or walked, just by watching him on a day to day basis. Cool to see that my idea actually is confirmed in statistics
ALL HAIL JON BOIS !!!!!!!!!!
The GOAT. Great research and excellent presentation. Can't get better than SB Nation
Daddy is home #saturdaysareforthebois
Hey this is pretty good!
JON BOIS OUR LORD AND SAVIOR
this was good, but not Pretty Good
Oh hai John. You aren't working on any special projects are you?
YEAH BOIS
Is there a John Bois podcast? Because I would watch the hell out of that.
Bring back chart party.
"Towards the end of his career he started... exercising and eating well-balance breakfasts". :D
This isn't Chart Party or Pretty Good so I'm unhappy
This is pretty good
Drunk penguins and blindfolded sloths hit very well
Dunn and my baseball classmate were #1 and #2 in steals in the Houston area
God bless Jon Bois
8th
JON GODDAMN BOIS
Like if you love Jon Boissssss
Boiiiiis
BOISTIFICATION SQUAD!!!
All hail the King!
JON!!!!!
Yay more jon Bois
HES BACK
BOIIIIIIISSSSSS
