Smart play by Baez.......
Do homeruns out of stadium
4:28 doesn’t even show what happened...?
1:28 That's why u should always run on a foul
I’m confused what happen at 2:25
How were those high iq? Pretty sure people taught them to do that. They didn’t come up with it themselves. Look a base, let’s run around
Isnt 4:50 infield fly
2:06 am an amateur can someone explain this
What about Daniel Murphy taking 3rd on a walk in playoffs against the Dodgers?
Infield fly rule?
What about the infield fly rule?
The pump fake to first by Atlanta though....
Do most passionate players/ plays
Locain is the smartest player on the ENTIRE field!
2:48 this wasn't a high IQ play? I would argue it's a low IQ play. Bautista didn't have the situation awareness to realize the runner might try to go home. Nothing smart on Cain's part
Food baseball
Where is the in field fly rule for some of these?
How do you not have Utleys deke in the 08 World Series against the Rays?
@2:51 so how is this a high baseball IQ i just see a good base hit that resulted in a rbi
2:33 When the O's weren't hopeless and helpless.
Next do a low baseball iq moments
I'm noticing most of the "high IQ plays" on offense are just terrible defense
Several of those are just the umpire failing to call infield fly.
Hey Kids! This is how you win baseball games.
It would mean a LOT if y’all checked me out ??????
THE BEAUTIFUL GAME FOR REAL MEN.
Reminds me of when I played SS. Super stardom all the way baby, Praise the Lord for ALL my talents, gifts and abilities !!!!!!!
At 2:10, how does the infield fly rule not apply?
I do not understand this sportart
What's with the Holliday one?
Lady cow actually demand bone hunt entity vital grand successful iron.
0:32 where he go lol
All of these High IQ videos have the same plays
When I saw the title "Baseball High IQ" the first thing that popped into my head is "Javier Baez." Sure enough the first highlight features none other than... El Mago.
2:08 This was about Anthony Rizzo but I love it when lazy guys - Matt Harvey of the Mets at that time - get thrown out for lack of hustle.  There is no way this would have been a double play if Harvey had run out that bunt.  Rizzo is a an excellent player, he saw Harvey give up and stop dead in his tracks a couple feet out of the box, and played the double play.  Only after Harvey watched as Rizzo let the ball drop did he decide maybe he should be running to first.  You might think just maybe Harvey would want to protect or build on his 1-0 lead in the seventh against the Cubs.Same deal with Swisher at 1:23.
combination of smart plays, and inattentiveness by the other team...
Machado psyched the the camera man
What happen at 2:21 ? Oops.. I didn’t see the tag at third
Really nice plays here. BTW, in the video thumbnail, "Let's" should be "Lets", without the apostrophe.
Low IQ moments: ""Let's" ball drop"
Man, run to first...you’d think by the pro level, guys would realize this
RIP Fernandez
Do MLB best reads off the wall
I would have included the play on the sac fly where arenado leaped to cut it off and threw to third
2:47 - what’s the deal here? The base runner realized the throw was going to 2nd?
dude u really gotta fix ur audio
I have been watching since 1000 subs
2:48 WOW this is so smart !!
ALWAYS RUN HARD TO FIRST!!
Báez ??????
I tried to drop the ball at short and the ump yelled at me
I love these plays, it shows that there is still some players out there that play hard all the time and don't just take things for granted.
1:23 everytime i watch these videos i still try to figure out how that counts as an out lol
first