I saw that Miguel Cabrera inside-the-park "home run". It was hilarious!
Oof
I can tell u are a Sox fan , so m i
1:05 um this is actually the most beautiful play in baseball history
im surprised the astros vs pirates walk off error wasnt on here
i never understand how a pitcher can fuck up a infield assist.. you pitch 90+ mph for strikes but you can't throw the ball properly that doesn't need to hit 90
100% CRINGE??????
0:43 that one was probably the most cringe worthy one for me ????
Wouldn’t The last play be a close play if Castillo threw directly to home base?
so why are these called plays?
??????
??????????
"Here's the shortest throw you'll ever see ".... "Just missed the cutoff man by a little bit". That made my day.
Damn that Ian Kinsler for making us all have to watch a 7 and a half hour game of baseball.. smh
I’m a Sox fan and once I saw it was made 5 hours ago I just had to see if Kinsler was on there and sure enough, I was right.
I saw the first one live it was retarted my grandma could make that play
Never show that 86 world series play again
The thing is, we laugh but these individuals train for years and years to get this good. It could happen to ANYBODY..... ....except Manny, this stuff always happens to Manny :D
How is Ruben Rivera's base running blunder not on here?
Betance’s throw had to be the worst play I’ve ever seen
Castillo should hang his head in shame forever for that play
Click bait with Bregman
5:02 Scully is a national treasure.
3:12 Segura and Braun were both on the bag meaning Braun is out, HOWEVER, Segura comes off the bag to head back to first and gets tagged while off the bag and the ump missed it
Jayson werth losing it in the lights game 5 of the 2017 NLDS
Puig is dumber than a bag of hammers.
That first play tho. If Kinsler makes that throw, the Red Sox would have swept the Dodgers in the WS.
Needs more Ruben Rivera.
1:10 ... As a Red Sox fan, that clip hurts a lot less than it did 15 years ago...
The ugliest plays the last 20 years but not in history. A lot of missing plays here.
See its mostly infielders making theses plays??
everybody giving kinsler shit but look at what pedroia did lmao
As an Orioles fan I'm surprised there weren't more orioles clips.
No u
Should have had the two plays involving the Nationals in 2015 where a base hit got by the outfielder and then went all the way to the wall for an inside-the-park home run -- once as the team at bat, and once as the team fielding (same playing doing the hitting and then fielding too, IIRC).
Manny's play never gets old??
Slow roller gets me every time????
Definitely the string of errors from the Dodgers. U-G-L-Y. Hello again Made The Cut. I’m a proud subscriber, and also a Cubs fan
Commentators are kinda being assholes
I lost my mind as a Red Sox fan when Kinsler made that stupid error. Still world champs!
Im getting ptsd from the first clip lol
How the hell do you lose the ball while throwing like dude did in the outfield. Retarded
i jsut got here
hey made the cut!
Hail Donald Trump!!!!
First comment and hi Made the Cut!!!.