The title is a definite overreach. No mistake , a terrific, filthy slider, but not the best. During his playing years? Perhaps. For the last 5 years, Chris Sale, imho, throws a better slider. Two of the greatest to ever play the game.
Thanks lots for the video. :D
Would you get into a snowball fight with pitching great Randy Johnson?
Diamondbacks best pitcher thats why i have a RJ jersey
From a dbacks fan Randy Johnson has always been the GOAT
Also Full LEGIT.... Didn't need no Juice to get to the HOF. Him along with the Braves Pitchers and Chipper, Last ones you don't have thoughts in the back of your mind about.
Without the slider he would have been a below 500 pitcher. Anybody can time a Fastball.
Ever hear of Steve Carlton or Ron Guidry?
I'd legit be scared to stand against him in the batters box
WHAT A BEAST!!!
THE BIG UNIT
A bunch of these were curve balls
Reminds me of Sale's slider.
These guys re big leaguers and miss the ball by a foot
search up randy definition on google
HALL OF FAMER !????
I watched him pitch in veterans stadium as a kid. I remember it was the 7th inning and I was sitting right behind home plate and 4 guys had radar guns up a few rows in front of us. He had to know it was likely his last inning and he was getting clocked at 100-103mph on every fastball he threw that inning.
Have you seen the highlights of Steve Carlton’s? That’s the filthiest I’m sorry. Love Randy’s but Steve’s is better
Lou would've taken him deep to win the playoff for the Twins on one of those sliders if fucking Ken Griffey Jr. didnt Rob the homer
Chris Sale slider is more filthy imo. But Randy Johnson the most dominant pitcher I've seen in my lifetime.
THE ONLY THING THAT COULD HIT HIS SLIDER WAS .......A BIRD ????
I hate sale. But I think his is better
JR Richard had a nasty slider that clocked at 94 mph
Steve Carlton would be a close second
J.R. Richard had the best slider.
Became a star in Seattle. Became a legend in Arizona.
Goose Gossage >
Since when did Johnson pitch for the Giants? I feel like I should remember that
It was a split finger
The split finger? John Smoltz The changeup? Greg Maddux. Fastball? Dwight Gooden. 4 seam? Mariano Rivera.
Do Kershaw curve Edit Nevermind
roblox death sound
The Big Unit at his finest
So glad I got to see this monster play in his prime. Definitely the meanest slider of all time. I remember that slump before he went to Arizona and then him coming back even stronger.
You have at least three repeats in here.
Steve Carlton, Ron Guidry, and Sparky Lyle have to be considered also...
If you can foul tip him, you’re probably a BEAST.
Pls do best 2018 walk up songs, loved the 2017 one
Why o' why did the Expos trade that guy... I know hindsight is 20/20, but damn, i bet there would still be a team in MTL had he been there in his prime
Watch a steve carlton video. No one will ever come close
The most unhittable pitch of all time.
I can’t tell you how many times I’ve typed “Randy Johnson slider” in the search bar... You’re a saint.
Honestly a top 3 starter
I hate that on most of these camera angles you can't even see the movement
Now that he is retired he still slides into DMs
See these are true sliders. They break a lot horizontally and some vertically. Most guys now just throw sliders the look like cut-change ups
When I think about those days all I can do is sit back and smile, as that was when sport was a sport. -----John Cougar Mellencamp.
IN MY HONEST OPINION, Chris sales slider is filthier
When my sliders pitched down from 9 feet 7inches high aren't visible from home plate. His mechanics trashed his body since he was a teenager. Mister Snappy is a joke compared the lightning terror pitches from hell which are not visible from the batters box. The world series teams coming up I could slaughter them with six outs an inning of a baseball game against both teams. Four games punkx
Degrom slider??????
Some stats and some explanations would have made the video better.
4:36 of nasty
I want to see the home runs hit off of this pitch.
It is confirmed: Randy Johnson is Chris Sale’s father
THE BIG UNIT. I miss that guy.
this isn't Andrew Miller????
And do "the best Cutters"
Threw at least high 90’s and had this, basically unhittable when he was at his best
Randy wasn’t human
Rumor has it that his slider is still breaking
The big Unit.
Randy GODson
All the steroids in the world wouldn’t be enough to hit that slider
Sale?
Do "the best changeups and curveballs"
Johnson had one of the best sliders ever, no question. Maybe the best ever, although I think Steve Carlton has a pretty good case too. Right handed pitchers... hmmn, think I'll go with Bob Gibson.
Why do left handed pitchers have this wide angle that makes the ball "swoop"...i cant put it into words.
I go to the same high school to randy Johnson
This video could be 3 hours long.
Notice no one snapping on the ump for looking 3rd strikes. Good times
Steve Carlton
Don't know which is filthier, Johnson's slider or his mullet
Adam Ottavinos???
Hall of fame pitchers vs hall of fame hitters
One of the best pitchers ever
Do a video of Kershaws 12-6 curveball and change-up
The wing span Randy Johnson had made that pitch start so far out or behind batters on top of that he had amazing break no wonder it seemed unhittable
Looks so effortless
I'd put Bob Gibson up there too
Wrong slider pitcher... BRING ME SPIDERMAN OTTAVINO
Denis Eckersley should be in contention
Dave Steib had a wicked one too
This is Chris sale before Chris sale
Max scherzer
Mr Snappy!
Garit coles slider is insane also
I just sub like
Randy definitely the slider GOAT Great to see more of these - such a wonderful pitch and always looked so damn hard to hit
my dick is the goat slider :O
best player ever bartolo colon
2nd place would probably be Chris sale
Hey great content keep it up