The title is a definite overreach. No mistake , a terrific, filthy slider, but not the best. During his playing years? Perhaps. For the last 5 years, Chris Sale, imho, throws a better slider. Two of the greatest to ever play the game.
Thanks lots for the video. :D
Would you get into a snowball fight with pitching great Randy Johnson?
Diamondbacks best pitcher thats why i have a RJ jersey
From a dbacks fan Randy Johnson has always been the GOAT
Also Full LEGIT.... Didn't need no Juice to get to the HOF. Him along with the Braves Pitchers and Chipper, Last ones you don't have thoughts in the back of your mind about.
Without the slider he would have been a below 500 pitcher. Anybody can time a Fastball.
Ever hear of Steve Carlton or Ron Guidry?
I'd legit be scared to stand against him in the batters box
WHAT A BEAST!!!
THE BIG UNIT
A bunch of these were curve balls
Reminds me of Sale's slider.
These guys re big leaguers and miss the ball by a foot
search up randy definition on google
HALL OF FAMER !????
I watched him pitch in veterans stadium as a kid. I remember it was the 7th inning and I was sitting right behind home plate and 4 guys had radar guns up a few rows in front of us. He had to know it was likely his last inning and he was getting clocked at 100-103mph on every fastball he threw that inning.
Have you seen the highlights of Steve Carlton’s? That’s the filthiest I’m sorry. Love Randy’s but Steve’s is better
Lou would've taken him deep to win the playoff for the Twins on one of those sliders if fucking Ken Griffey Jr. didnt Rob the homer
Chris Sale slider is more filthy imo. But Randy Johnson the most dominant pitcher I've seen in my lifetime.
THE ONLY THING THAT COULD HIT HIS SLIDER WAS .......A BIRD ????
I hate sale. But I think his is better
JR Richard had a nasty slider that clocked at 94 mph
Steve Carlton would be a close second
J.R. Richard had the best slider.
Became a star in Seattle. Became a legend in Arizona.
Goose Gossage >
Since when did Johnson pitch for the Giants? I feel like I should remember that
It was a split finger
The split finger? John Smoltz The changeup? Greg Maddux. Fastball? Dwight Gooden. 4 seam? Mariano Rivera.
Do Kershaw curve Edit Nevermind
roblox death sound
The Big Unit at his finest
So glad I got to see this monster play in his prime. Definitely the meanest slider of all time. I remember that slump before he went to Arizona and then him coming back even stronger.
You have at least three repeats in here.
Steve Carlton, Ron Guidry, and Sparky Lyle have to be considered also...
If you can foul tip him, you’re probably a BEAST.
Pls do best 2018 walk up songs, loved the 2017 one
Why o' why did the Expos trade that guy... I know hindsight is 20/20, but damn, i bet there would still be a team in MTL had he been there in his prime
Watch a steve carlton video. No one will ever come close
The most unhittable pitch of all time.
I can’t tell you how many times I’ve typed “Randy Johnson slider” in the search bar... You’re a saint.
Honestly a top 3 starter
I hate that on most of these camera angles you can't even see the movement
Now that he is retired he still slides into DMs
See these are true sliders. They break a lot horizontally and some vertically. Most guys now just throw sliders the look like cut-change ups
When I think about those days all I can do is sit back and smile, as that was when sport was a sport. -----John Cougar Mellencamp.
IN MY HONEST OPINION, Chris sales slider is filthier
When my sliders pitched down from 9 feet 7inches high aren't visible from home plate. His mechanics trashed his body since he was a teenager. Mister Snappy is a joke compared the lightning terror pitches from hell which are not visible from the batters box. The world series teams coming up I could slaughter them with six outs an inning of a baseball game against both teams. Four games punkx
Degrom slider??????
Some stats and some explanations would have made the video better.
4:36 of nasty
I want to see the home runs hit off of this pitch.
It is confirmed: Randy Johnson is Chris Sale’s father
THE BIG UNIT. I miss that guy.
this isn't Andrew Miller????
And do "the best Cutters"
Threw at least high 90’s and had this, basically unhittable when he was at his best
Randy wasn’t human
Rumor has it that his slider is still breaking
The big Unit.
Randy GODson
All the steroids in the world wouldn’t be enough to hit that slider
Sale?
Do "the best changeups and curveballs"
Johnson had one of the best sliders ever, no question. Maybe the best ever, although I think Steve Carlton has a pretty good case too. Right handed pitchers... hmmn, think I'll go with Bob Gibson.
Why do left handed pitchers have this wide angle that makes the ball "swoop"...i cant put it into words.
I go to the same high school to randy Johnson
This video could be 3 hours long.
Notice no one snapping on the ump for looking 3rd strikes. Good times
Steve Carlton
Don't know which is filthier, Johnson's slider or his mullet
Adam Ottavinos???
Hall of fame pitchers vs hall of fame hitters
One of the best pitchers ever
Do a video of Kershaws 12-6 curveball and change-up
The wing span Randy Johnson had made that pitch start so far out or behind batters on top of that he had amazing break no wonder it seemed unhittable
Looks so effortless
I'd put Bob Gibson up there too
Wrong slider pitcher... BRING ME SPIDERMAN OTTAVINO
Denis Eckersley should be in contention
Dave Steib had a wicked one too
This is Chris sale before Chris sale
Max scherzer
Mr Snappy!
Garit coles slider is insane also
I just sub like
Randy definitely the slider GOAT Great to see more of these - such a wonderful pitch and always looked so damn hard to hit
my dick is the goat slider :O
best player ever bartolo colon
2nd place would probably be Chris sale
Hey great content keep it up
Smart play by Baez.......
Do homeruns out of stadium
4:28 doesn’t even show what happened...?
1:28 That's why u should always run on a foul
I’m confused what happen at 2:25
How were those high iq? Pretty sure people taught them to do that. They didn’t come up with it themselves. Look a base, let’s run around
Isnt 4:50 infield fly
2:06 am an amateur can someone explain this
What about Daniel Murphy taking 3rd on a walk in playoffs against the Dodgers?
Infield fly rule?
What about the infield fly rule?
The pump fake to first by Atlanta though....
Do most passionate players/ plays
Locain is the smartest player on the ENTIRE field!
2:48 this wasn't a high IQ play? I would argue it's a low IQ play. Bautista didn't have the situation awareness to realize the runner might try to go home. Nothing smart on Cain's part
Food baseball
Where is the in field fly rule for some of these?
How do you not have Utleys deke in the 08 World Series against the Rays?
@2:51 so how is this a high baseball IQ i just see a good base hit that resulted in a rbi
2:33 When the O's weren't hopeless and helpless.
Next do a low baseball iq moments
I'm noticing most of the "high IQ plays" on offense are just terrible defense
Several of those are just the umpire failing to call infield fly.
Hey Kids! This is how you win baseball games.
It would mean a LOT if y’all checked me out ??????
THE BEAUTIFUL GAME FOR REAL MEN.
Reminds me of when I played SS. Super stardom all the way baby, Praise the Lord for ALL my talents, gifts and abilities !!!!!!!
At 2:10, how does the infield fly rule not apply?
I do not understand this sportart
What's with the Holliday one?
Lady cow actually demand bone hunt entity vital grand successful iron.
0:32 where he go lol
All of these High IQ videos have the same plays
When I saw the title "Baseball High IQ" the first thing that popped into my head is "Javier Baez." Sure enough the first highlight features none other than... El Mago.
2:08 This was about Anthony Rizzo but I love it when lazy guys - Matt Harvey of the Mets at that time - get thrown out for lack of hustle.  There is no way this would have been a double play if Harvey had run out that bunt.  Rizzo is a an excellent player, he saw Harvey give up and stop dead in his tracks a couple feet out of the box, and played the double play.  Only after Harvey watched as Rizzo let the ball drop did he decide maybe he should be running to first.  You might think just maybe Harvey would want to protect or build on his 1-0 lead in the seventh against the Cubs.Same deal with Swisher at 1:23.
combination of smart plays, and inattentiveness by the other team...
Machado psyched the the camera man
What happen at 2:21 ? Oops.. I didn’t see the tag at third
Really nice plays here. BTW, in the video thumbnail, "Let's" should be "Lets", without the apostrophe.
Low IQ moments: ""Let's" ball drop"
Man, run to first...you’d think by the pro level, guys would realize this
RIP Fernandez
Do MLB best reads off the wall
I would have included the play on the sac fly where arenado leaped to cut it off and threw to third
2:47 - what’s the deal here? The base runner realized the throw was going to 2nd?
dude u really gotta fix ur audio
I have been watching since 1000 subs
2:48 WOW this is so smart !!
ALWAYS RUN HARD TO FIRST!!
Báez ??????
I tried to drop the ball at short and the ump yelled at me
I love these plays, it shows that there is still some players out there that play hard all the time and don't just take things for granted.
1:23 everytime i watch these videos i still try to figure out how that counts as an out lol
first
I saw that Miguel Cabrera inside-the-park "home run". It was hilarious!
Oof
I can tell u are a Sox fan , so m i
1:05 um this is actually the most beautiful play in baseball history
im surprised the astros vs pirates walk off error wasnt on here
i never understand how a pitcher can fuck up a infield assist.. you pitch 90+ mph for strikes but you can't throw the ball properly that doesn't need to hit 90
100% CRINGE??????
0:43 that one was probably the most cringe worthy one for me ????
Wouldn’t The last play be a close play if Castillo threw directly to home base?
so why are these called plays?
??????
??????????
"Here's the shortest throw you'll ever see ".... "Just missed the cutoff man by a little bit". That made my day.
Damn that Ian Kinsler for making us all have to watch a 7 and a half hour game of baseball.. smh
I’m a Sox fan and once I saw it was made 5 hours ago I just had to see if Kinsler was on there and sure enough, I was right.
I saw the first one live it was retarted my grandma could make that play
Never show that 86 world series play again
The thing is, we laugh but these individuals train for years and years to get this good. It could happen to ANYBODY..... ....except Manny, this stuff always happens to Manny :D
How is Ruben Rivera's base running blunder not on here?
Betance’s throw had to be the worst play I’ve ever seen
Castillo should hang his head in shame forever for that play
Click bait with Bregman
5:02 Scully is a national treasure.
3:12 Segura and Braun were both on the bag meaning Braun is out, HOWEVER, Segura comes off the bag to head back to first and gets tagged while off the bag and the ump missed it
Jayson werth losing it in the lights game 5 of the 2017 NLDS
Puig is dumber than a bag of hammers.
That first play tho. If Kinsler makes that throw, the Red Sox would have swept the Dodgers in the WS.
Needs more Ruben Rivera.
1:10 ... As a Red Sox fan, that clip hurts a lot less than it did 15 years ago...
The ugliest plays the last 20 years but not in history. A lot of missing plays here.
See its mostly infielders making theses plays??
everybody giving kinsler shit but look at what pedroia did lmao
As an Orioles fan I'm surprised there weren't more orioles clips.
No u
Should have had the two plays involving the Nationals in 2015 where a base hit got by the outfielder and then went all the way to the wall for an inside-the-park home run -- once as the team at bat, and once as the team fielding (same playing doing the hitting and then fielding too, IIRC).
Manny's play never gets old??
Slow roller gets me every time????
Definitely the string of errors from the Dodgers. U-G-L-Y. Hello again Made The Cut. I’m a proud subscriber, and also a Cubs fan
Commentators are kinda being assholes
I lost my mind as a Red Sox fan when Kinsler made that stupid error. Still world champs!
Im getting ptsd from the first clip lol
How the hell do you lose the ball while throwing like dude did in the outfield. Retarded
i jsut got here
hey made the cut!
Hail Donald Trump!!!!
First comment and hi Made the Cut!!!.