"Chunky boys"
Witch ones will work for ps4?
Personally, I love my Corsair Strafe.
@gameranx I have chosen keyboards 9 and 8 which one would you prefer?
The under 50 dollar list doesn't even include any mechanical keyboard.. and there are quite a few of them at the price point.. seems like the under 50 list is quite irrelevant (at least for me)....*change my mind*
Why do people focus so much on lights lmao
"UNDER $50" XD
Will the ornata wrist test fit the huntsman
He said its under $50 and some are over $100.
I got the K95 platinum and its not very good (That is my personal opinion) Because I don't like the klickyness Not enough of it and there isn't a nice taktile bump which I love. If you are checking this keyboard out then go to a store and try it out please.
G513 is the best
No ajazz ak33 or motospeed ck61 <3 bang for bucks
Damm I have a Razer Ornata Chroma R.I.P
I just bought a logitech g910
A razer ornata
Well, I was looking for a new keyboard, and I bought one right before I checked out this video to see if it even made the list and since it's sitting at #1, I think I made the right choice.
Great video and breakdown, but this is such garbage. There is no difference between these and regular keyboards save the back-lighting and possibly mechanical keys. What is it exactly that makes these "gaming" keyboards? What a joke of marketing proportions! I'm looking for a decently priced Merc Stealth still, and even though the shithead reviewers of the day crapped all over the extra game pad on the left, it is the best thing I've had for gaming since I bought it years ago. There is a reason a brand new one is selling for $650 bucks and used are going for like $180-$190 because those that have used it KNOW that it is the best thing out there. On top of that it is a TRUE gaming keyboard if only for the extra design which was intended for GAMERS! Let these products die, they aren't gaming keyboards, they are keyboards with flair, they do NOTHING to increase your gaming. Sorry had to vent, oh one last thing, screw Steelseries for canceling the production of the Merc and Merc Stealth, and screw them even more for ignoring the many people requesting they put this great gaming keyboard back into production. Thumbs up for the video sir!
Lol Synapse "if you can get that to work" Big fax right there
I completely disagree! I think the Corsair K70 should be replaced with the K95 Platinum, and that the Razer Blackwidow Chroma V2 should be be high on the list, not not on it at all
My Logitech g810 is super loud and I stream which that gets annoying any TKL keyboards anyone knows of that’s quiet but is mechanical
I Bought Fantech K612 Yesterday...Wroks Fine??
Huntsman is $200
Using the corsair k55 and very happy about it for the low prive of €50.
but... but wheres the redragon kumara k552
Redragon should be ine of the cheapest and the best
WTF? No Logitech G510?
unbox theraphy voice
I have found my own keyboard by your list. Thank you so much!
redragon mitra
I like how the keyboard in the thumbnail is $200
I'm okay with spending a lot of money on a keyboard. The keyboard i use in my gaming setup is a corsair k95 rgb platinum with cherry mx brown switches
what's up with mine :cougar x3 attack ;) The best
I have the k55 it's nice if you like membrane keyboards
Yeah, roccat Vulcan still is objectivity better in my opinion too all of these.
death stalker is literally god tier
Under 50 dollars (thumbnail is of huntsman elite which cost 200 dollars)
Errr... Not having the Redragon Kumara K55x in the best budget options section is a huge oversight; it's hand's down the best value option on the market and has been for a few years.
This list is a joke
am i the only one who thinks that the raze deathstalker looks like shit ?
Should have included roccat vulcan 120 aimo. Its an exceptional keyboard
Nobody ever reviews Bloody. I love their products and the software is pretty ok.
Msi vigor gk80
Sigh, when did gamers = rgb? It's so stupid to look for keyboards now and only seeing rainbow pictures.
Where are the Roccat??? comon
I think my phone is broken, i didnt see a Corsair Strafe in there
Why is the razed huntsman elite on the thumbnail when it’s a £200+ keyboard, and the title is keyboards under £50.
How about red dragon kumara rgb. Almost $25
??Huntsman elite??
HYPER X NUMBER 1
Who else got a tick-tok ad
Under 50 to 120
I really liked the Razer huntsman elite a lot more
I'd rather get the Razer black widow v2 or the new razer blackwidow elite over the huntsman elite because if I'm going to be honest the black widow flagship is still better subjectively (in my opinion)
Ew membranes! You can find a solid $30-60 mechanical keyboard. Maybe even cheaper if you keep an eye out for deals on reddit namely r/buildapcsales and r/MechanicalKeyboards.
i’m using corsair k95
A big NO about wasting crazy amounts of money, nobody is rich, so we go for cheap but good quality stuffs.
Logitech G213
Tbh I wouldn't get those membrane keyboard on Amazon u can get some pretty good mechanical keyboard for 25$ or more
I I Personally have the Razer ornata Chroma and I like the keyboard Because It's just Simple you have the customizable rgbs and a Realy comfortable wrist rest
WHAT YOU MEAN BY UNDER 50 DOLLARS I SAW ONE FOR OVER 100
Where is my Corsair K95 Platinum RGB?
THESE ARE NOT UNDER 50 ;-;
Why do gaming keyboards feel the need to move the F1-F12 keys, it makes using them in gaming almost impossible. For example for Fortnite I have a Razer keyboard and use F4 to build roofs but because F1-F12 isn't directly above the numbers it's really inconsistent
I have the corsair k55 and it's fantastic
Please do cheaper thhiiiings
Click bait ????
i Got a a keyboard its a old crappy HP keyboard its for bussiness i ikke 5 to 10 DOLLARS
What happened to 50$ to 100$ keyboards? ;-)
When you see your k55 keyboard and u smile in approval
"under 50€" lmfao corsaire k70 150€
I was expecting keyboards UNDER the 50 dollar price tag. After reading the title for the 3rd time I still don't get it. ''(UNDER $50 + PREMIUM)''
using an old G105 had it for years, its starting to play up now (too much button bashing lol)....oh and Kids... kids + keyboard = stuffed keyboard. but am looking at upgrading to the G513 or to something similar
For me the number one is still the Steelseries m750!
Cooler master ck550
Were the h e c c is the Corsair k96 rgb platinum
I have the logitech g213 and my mouse is the logitech g203
I saw the logitech G100 Laser (different to the one in the video) for 10$ on amazon by logitech
Weird to watch a video involving the AZIO keyboard I have, which is the L70 verision (I got it for free in a purchase of a computer years ago). I've had it for about 3 years. Things to note, the coating on the key caps wear off QUICKLY. I had several letters unidentifiable after a month - 2 months of use. Over all it's been a pretty solid keyboard. Occasionally my 'O' button stops working but it always resolves itself. The volume knob adjuster just register quick rotations so you have to turn it a bit slow. Additionally it only lights up in blue, not other colors.
I use the Aukey mechanical keyboard at work. I have my own office so it doesn't distract the agents in there cubicles. I recommend it as its a well built keyboard that can be had bettween 50-60 dollars. At home, I use a Razer Ornata keyboard which is awesome if you want hybird type switches. They are also not loud and the RBG speaks for itself (Razer). I bought it for 100 dollars.
a l w a y s g o m e c h a n i c a l but, d o n ' t g e t a n o v e r r a t e d g a m i n g k e y b o a r d
You do know there's actual cheap mechanical keyboards that's the same price with like the K55, G100
Where the hell are the cheap mechanical keyboards? Like the outemu and gateron switch keyboards? What the hell?
There you have it folks, all the companies that spend more money on marketing than the quality of their keyboards.
can anyone recommend a keyboard with cherry mx blues? Thx
Big enter is what keyboard need! Ouh and i can not w8 when they will start making wireless keyboards, it is 2018 already
I have the Razer Blackwidow X Chroma TKL with razer's green switches (which are basically cherry mx blues)
K95 PLAT
did anyone use Ducky?? made in taiwan
Little thiccer
WHERE IS THE REDRAGON KUMARA K552? 26 BUCKS AND MECHANICAL
Has it been years ? cause the prices are high asf
I use a $50 mechanical keyboard now. Love it so far. Its 61keys solid RGB waterproof, with Gateron switches are audibly and tactilely satisfying to press; now I like them more than my cherry browns right now, although I really liked those too. The tactile bump is quite a bit more pronounced than on the Browns and it is quite satisfying. If you have similar budgets, you can search Instago on Amazon, can't get better for the price.
you should do a 100 or less keyboard video, there are a lot of nice ones that are sub 100 but over 50
This list is all wrong. Don't get me wrong, some of them offer an alright value for what you're paying, but you don't have to stick to the "gaming" brand keyboards to get the best bang for your buck experience. Skipping over the GMMK was a travesty, and "for a couple hundred dollars" as you mentioned, you can get the Massdrop CTRL, which is outright the best you can get for $200 shipped without getting into the DIY realm.
im using a steel series apex 150 and steel series rival 110
I use bad exibel for like 20$
I really expect a not „Made in China“ keyboard. I know people don’t care that it made in China but i have high standard on quality control. In fact, chinese made stuff can kill some people because of the fault! Ranging from toy recall to elevator and escalator malfunction.
weird video, showing well priced items... then expensive ones , why not just stick to "under 50" and do a separate premium video.
Using a 45 dollar AULA Mechanical keyboard with blue switches, i adore it, just wish it had a numberpad.
I’m using the Razer BlackWidow Ultimate
we are halfway in on 2018 and you do this dude its a half year left
HyperX Alloy Elite RGB <3
The keycaps font of the last keyboard looks amateurish hmm
I use the steelseries Apex M70 TKL with virtual numpad software that i downloaded that pops up when you press F9
get a motospeedck101, tkl mechanical keyboard for $50
Disappointed that the g413 was not on this list
where's the blackwidow ultimate classic?
I got the K55 and it was a good keyboard BUT the lights stopped working a few days later. I like the keyboard but the lights didn't work well.
What about the k95 platinum
I got the Razer Huntsman Elite
Vortex series vx 10 full Cherry mx switch red,blue,brown Rgb Only IDR 630.000 or US 40-50
What about Corsair K95 RGB Platinum?
Ck104 motospeed?
Sooooo... your saying you can find a $200 keyboard that for less than $50?
It was if he said a keyboard who is 49.99 =)))
I wouldn't use a flat keyboard if you paid me to. I use the 'Microsoft Ergonomic 4000" for all my needs,  and the "Logitech G-700 Gaming Mouse" for all my needs. By the way "WASD" keys are the worst keys in the world for gaming, the best keys are "ASDF." Use F for Forward, A for Reverse, S for Sidestep left, and D for Side Step Right. It might take a couple of days to get use to these keys but once you do you'll never go back.
PUTS IN TITLE BEST KEYBOARD UNDER 50 DOLLAR SEES THUMBNAIL RAZER HUNTSMAN ELITE lollll
K95 Platinum or K70 Mk2?
Bloody 820r best keyboard for 60$
why not Eyooso 8100
i love keyboards
G100 combo is really good for Fortnite lol
Wtf under 50$
Corsair K55 Isn't that good of a keyboard. $50 for a non mechanical keyboard is terrible. Better spent on a budget mech keyboard.
I want a mechanical keyboard with a wrist wrest and back light for gaming at night for under 100-150, any recommendations?
I would suggest Ac Gam 109R keyboard, is cheap mechanical keyboard with nice rgb led feature, and is around 50bucks, cheap and worth it in my opinion!
What about logitech k120
Yeet
Logitech G213 Prodigy here, over a year now, and I love it. IDGAF if people think mechanical is better, I prefer my G213!
Nice, not even all of them are under 50$ as in the title. good job
I was about to get the Corsair on amazon. But then I realized all its functions are useless and got a 20 dollar keyboard instead.
The razer huntsman and razer strafe seriously deserve the top 3 spots with the k70 mk.2 althought the prices are something you can't avoid too much, the build quality and the way it was made is by far better than Logitechs Keyboards
Mm.. Motospeed k70 is cheap and not bad.. I recomend.. Xddd
Where th is g213 prodigy
I'm using the razer black widow tournament edition. Non RGB but a super solid ten keyless board
Romer G switches seem to be quite weak in my experiences
i would not recoment the k55. Its keys scratch easily and its rgb is really dull. You wish you got a solid mechanical keyboard without rgb as rgb is not worth its cost if its boring and dull
Bruh it’s not a gaming keyboard if it’s not mechanical, there’s no point in buying a membrane keyboard claiming to be for gaming when u can just buy a normal membrane keyboard for $20 cheaper, we want to see cheap mechanical keyboards, not membranes
Where is Razer BlackWidow Chroma V2 switches green yellow orange ?
Razer optical keyboard? No mention of Bloody?
Under $50: unless you really like membrane, just order a Tecware Phantom or a Redragon mechanical keyboard.
corsair head set GG
totally recommend the razer blackwidow v2
lol i hated that rosewill. The switches are just membrane and that is just a disappointment
I'm actually using the k55 and I love it
Do you guys actually purchase every single keyboard and test them out, or do you research online? Honest caution from pure curiosity
It feels like you didnt spend any time with those keyboards. Just a video for monetization...
Steelseries are gold now. M800 would’ve been the best keyboard I’ve ever used if it was metal like this one.
I had the K70 and decided to go back to Logitech and got the G910. I like the extra buttons and the software more than Corsair's.
the first place shld be k95
Rakk Kimat XT.2 all the way
Personally I still use a corsair K95 vengeance, this is mainly for the 18 macros it has. I use a shitload of macros in games to do shit for me. Like buy binds for cs:go, much used functions in blender, or even just on the desktop. Overall I think it's a pretty solid keyboard.
Are the wrist rests detachable
Buy the Hyper X Alloy FPS! 80 bucks mechanical 10 Keyless with the choice of Blue, Red, and Brown cherry mx switches. <3
Just buy Tecware Phantom
1:00 what is this 1990 that keyboard looks like crap lol u can get better rgb ones for cheaper
Guys tecware phantom is a really good keyboard usinh it right now
Razer deathsalker is cheap. goes to the link sees 72 bucks. Welll then
I have an AcGam AG-109R , it's mechanical, it has rgb and it costs around 50 dollars on AliExpress, I also recommend Motospeed or Redragon keyboards instead of any keyboard on this list.
You forgot all the Ducky keyboards
why would a rainbow keyboard would sell under $50 Powerfull Keyboards its under $1000 duh
Hi to ask you if you know a keyboard to be middle profiles keys to be with RGB lights and to have USB port? If you know please help my to find one.
U should check the red dragon keyboards dude
Personally, I'm using a Corsair k70 Rapidfire RGB I got it for dirt cheap too since the box was damaged, and my friend who I was with at the time had an employee discount from where we got it from. Instead of paying the usual £165, I only paid £41.25 Aside from that? It's a really nice build. I love this keyboard, it's served me well for the last year
I love the Logitech g910 Orion spark (correct me if i misspelled orion)
I just need a keyboard where the keys are really hard to break.
I use a Logitech G213 which is around £50. It has RGB backlighting with the most customisation I've seen for its price. You can also download game profiles to make the keyboard react to discord, fortnite, overwatch etc. The only downside is that it comes with a wrist rest which you can't detach, and the backlighting can be hard to see if you have your curtains open.
Corsair k65
a custom 60% with lubed and filmed 65gram zealios in a custom cut brass backplate a dz60 pcb in a acrylic 5degree case with a set of enjoypbt black on white keycaps
When your keyboard is smaller then all these shown and is almost more then twice the price of the most expensive one
I'm trying to make a new Razer setup
Razer blackwidow chroma v2
What about the $51-99 range
THE DEATHSTALKER, THE FUCKING DEATHSTALKER. BRO THE ORNATA CHROMA IS A HUNDRED TIMES BETTER
Every macro-programmable gaming keyboard I've ever owned has on rare occasions caused my computer to go absolutely schizo, e.g. the keyboard I'm using at the moment, my Corsair K70 RGB, has on at least four occasions caused Windows 10 to lock itself into in Alt+Tab mode so that all open program windows cycle on screen indefinitely at dizzying speed. Unplugging the USB has no effect, nor pressing Esc repeatedly, nor Alt+Shift+Delete, nor Alt+Tab - no amount of keystroke combinations to try and get the damned computer out of this Alt+Tab loop work. The only thing I can do when this happens is a hard reboot, which is really great when I've got an urgent typing job on, which is inevitably when it happens! I've had similar problems with my Razer keyboard.
CLACKITY CLACKITY
I'm currently on a k68 board and I'm loving it. I spend a lot of time working on my computer, and my thought was if i'm gonna spend 100$ on a keyboard I want it to at least withstand a possible accident. Thank you Corsair!
I have the k55 rib keyboard by Corsair
If i spend over a 100.00 on a fricken keyboard it better cook me dinner wipe my chin and go to bed with me....
K552 a great TKL KB If you want a full get the K551 They're built like a tank all metal built double shot injection keycaps outemu blue switches and water resistant
I'm using a Razer Blackwidow Chroma Overwatch Edition and I'm very happy with it. Works like brand new, even after a year.
Where is k95? Where is Blackwidow v2? These are A lot times better than No5 and No4
DUE NUMBER 1 IS 169 DOLARS
There are mechanical keyboard below 50$...Mechanical keyboards are just so much better than their membrane counterpart!
where is the black web Mechanical gaming keyboard 50$ and blue switches and rgb with modes
Do you guys know that there are other brands out there? I would rather have a redragon 30$ Mechanical Keyboard than a Corsair/Razer Membrane keyboard with tacky RBG lights.....
I'm actually in the market for mouse and keyboards
Razor huntsman elite vs Logitech G810?? Which one should I pick?
Where is the Corsair K95 Platinum?
Corsair k95 platinum bro
if you want a wireless gaming keyboard, i highly recommend the Corsair K63 its an amazing keyboard
I recommend the asus Cerberus
I love logitech quality i have a g513 with romer g tactile really responsive for gaming i recommend it :D
Ajazz ak33 was like $45 for me and it’s a mechanical RGB kb..
Let’s be real. Who tf would buy membrane keyboards for 50 bucks??
All the Razer Deathstalker images are photoshopped. It does NOT have an angled wrist rest, the complete keyboard is one single straigth piece. I know, because I'm typing on one right now :P
Im using the Corsair Strafe keyboard with MX Silent keys
What about hp Oman mechanical keyboard
No asus love sad
I have a membrane keyboard extra 20 fps on any game ;)
what about keyboards that are between $50 and $100? ;(
Dont buy the cprsair k55 rgb, its a peice of junk, the key caps can and will get jammed down and you cant pull them up. All in all its a peice of junk
I like the RedDragon kumara k552.
K70 mk2 or k95 rgb platinum (Both MX Browns)? Can't decide :(
suggest me a low budget entry level keyboard
Upgraded my BlackWidow Ultimate to a K95 Platinum and right out of the box 3 lights on the bar at the top were dead, returned it and got a Huntsman Elite
The hyper x alloy elite is 110
Haven’t watched the whole video yet, but I’d like to say a very good keyboard is the Bloody B930. It’s ten keyless and has faster actuations than mechanical keyboards (lightstrike). You can find it on Amazon for $139. It also comes with preset rgb lighting options, and switchable key caps
11 days later and the Razer Deathstalker is already $80.00.
The Corsair k70 is 170 dollars. NOICE!!
Currently using k70 mk2. Well worth it.
I found a rayzer chroma v2 for only $100 refurbished. Works well
red dragon's keyboard is great too
Does anybody know any blue loud mechanical keyboards under 60$?
A4-Tech Bloody Mech Keyboard were earlier for having laser or optical keys.
Im using a Logitech g413 silver
I’m using a coolermaster Masterkeys S with cherry brown switches. I really like this keyboard. Well built, sturdy, TKL so it’s portable, detachable cable, and individually lit RGB keys. Honestly can’t ask for much more. Also it’s around $100 Canadian dollars so it has a really good price too
Wheres the redragon?
Honestly the huntsman is underrated it should be number 1 or 2 it’s seriously the best or one of the best out there right now
Specifically for gamers: Please don't use the stand up feet in the front as it causes a lot of strain within your wrist. The flat form is the best way to use.
My friends were pissed when I bought the Corsair k70 mk2
Logitech 213
YOU arereally funny gameranx, the razer huntsman elite does cost a lot more than just 50$, it costs 199$ you stupid
If rosewill makes the k51 mechanical so many people would buy it
were is the k95 platinum
What is this bs? There are tons of better mechanical keyboards for the same price.
I’ve been using the Azio MGK1-RGB-BLU. Love it! Got got it for a steal ($86) on Amazon. Love this keyboard!
The Hyper X keyboard seems like a ripoff of the corsair k70. Hyper X has always been about that or being gimmicky. People hate on Razr but at least they try to be original. Personally I'm all Corsair, Steelseries and Logitech when it comes to peripherals. Except for audio; that's when I get products from audio experts like Senheiser, audio technica, AKG, even Sony and Bose, etc.
I've got a k63 wireless
I'd honestly recommend the Gigabyte K83, it's 40 bucks and it comes with legit Cherry Mx Switches, no backlightining but for that price you can't complain
What about the $45 steel series apex? It has RGB, low profile caps and an enlarged space bar. You should have checked it out.
whats the background music
Logitech G810 Orion Spectrum or Logitech G Pro?
I am using the razer blackwidow chroma v2 with razer green switch
No redragon kumara k552?
gaming =/= rgb
Corsair worth the money.
I have 2x of the Yama Red Dragon keyboards that i bought and use after i switched to a memmechanical for the first time. I liked the feedback from the key presses. I got one for the house at the same time as the memmechanical and after gaming on it I irdered another and took it to work ... it lives on my desk and everyone is jelly of it when they see it. I am IT and have my own office , not sure how it would fly with pounding away (im heavy handed) in an office filled with others. But for all day work tge feedback and feel are so much better than a $9 dell or hp stock keyboard that is in the box
Tecware Phantom RGB.
A razer keyboard without RGB??? Huh??
You should start promoting the under $50 mechanical keyboards instead of just all membrane/memchanical
Razor Black Widow. Everything you need and lots you don't.
#4...saves on desk space. lol. GET A BIGGER DESK.
I have Razer Cynosa Pro
4:02 is keyboards over $100
every mainstream gaming keyboard brand sucks... ducky is one of the best
my number one razer blackwidow chroma v2 with razer yellow switch
No mechanical keyboard under 50 bucks. At least throw in some cherry knock offs like redragon
Huntsman elite is the best keyboard Razer all the way!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Is the corsair k55 mechanical?
Awesome Review on Keyboard. Did you see the latest TOP 5 Best Gaming Mouse Collection of Google:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=g1sXdvdO-Ms , And i was surprised to find ASUS there. Keep up the awesome work.
Velocifire vm01 works great with something to stand it up in the back (I use a piece of aluminum U-channel and aquatic door insulation held on with command strips) and a grafiti fat wrist rest.
The razed huntsman elite is like 200
I bought the k95 rgb platinum for 130 on Amazon prime day. Probably one of the best deals I’ve gotten
No red dragon mechanicals or magicforce 68??
"It works through razer synapse if you can get that to work." Had me cracking up man could not get that workin when I bought some Razer wireless headphones, so I switched to Astro's and haven't had a problem since.
I got a james donkey 619 off of aliexpress for 40$. First mechanical and its extremely pleasant to type on. Got it with red gaterons. If anyones looking for a cheap good options look into it.
I'd recommend the NUBWO NK70. a fully customizable RGB mechanical keyboard with replaceable keycaps and switches and macro support all for 45$ (depends on where you bought it) comes with either Outemu reds or blues and spare switches i swear this is not sponsored
Just got the Corsair Strafe RGB with Cherry MX Silent keys. Best and most expensive keyboard i have ever owned. Upgraded from the K55 btw.
Thumbnail is a 280$ keyboard
Im using huntsman elite. I wanted that coz of the dial. I will be using it on AutoCAD
Cherry mx is trash
Man you’re the best ????????
what about redragon k552.. its really good keyboard. i have it for 2 years and its fucking amazing
lol
gigaware k26?
that memory foam doesn't have a lot of memory
Best gamepad & headphones under 50$
ALL IS ASKED FOR IS WHITE KEYBOARD!!!!! IS THAT TOO MUCH TO ASK?!
1. Ducky 1. Varmilo 1. Filco 1. Leopold
Do mice next.
I have a Logitech g910 ,keycaps peeling off and pressing key sometime double letters and not writing at all
We still need nintendo gaming keyboard
Tecware Phantom RGB is pretty decent too for its price
Do you have one for mice?
is there coming a video on monitors soon?
There's no point doing a top ten if u dont even have the keybaords at hand, otherwise ur just reading off the manufactuer's website.
FOR GAMING, HYPERX ALL THE WAY
steel series apex 100 nice responsive keyboard has been slammed on the floor many times and held up well only like a 30 dollar keyboard very happy with the purchase
aircraft grade aluminum so you can throw it from outer space
No redragon?
"under $50"
Where is ASUS Clymore?
i'm rocking a full corsair RGB setup, with the corsair K70 RGB MKII, m65 pro RGB mouse, MM800 RGB mouse pad, VOID pro wireless RGB headset, and a Carbide SPEC-OMEGA RGB case... ;)
Sucks G710s are gone from Logitech's official website.
do under 10 bucks im broke lmao
I'm curious how CoolerMaster's Masterkey series of keyboards didn't make this list.
im using ROG Claymore, got G910, BW TE V2, BW Ultimate, and definitly i can say im really surprised with Claymore. yea its too expensive but it worth for me
No Glorious PC Gaming Race keyboard? Costs half the price of most of these and you can get switches other than Cherry, that's a real winner!
No K95 Platinum? Literally the king of all keyboards
What about the razer chroma v2?
All I want is my computer to be backlit with gaming mode option/button (so that pesky windows key doesn't mess up my gaming). Other then that I don't really care. I like my keyboard to be simple/plain (as plain as it can be with also being backlit). Just like my mouse..Idc about a bunch of programmable buttons. All I want is the left/right click and a scroll wheel in the center (top-towards the front of the mouse)...thats it.
Who else just said “screw it” and bought all of them
Got the G613 my self since its wireless :) dont RGB and such
Ergodox derived designs (Ergodox EZ, Infinity Ergodox, Redox, Iris, etc), Vortex Gear keyboards (RAC3, P0K3R, ViBE, etc), Leopold keyboards, iKBD (especially the MF series), Ducky keyboards, and so many others that you guys did not mention ARE A LOT BETTER than these "toys".
I had a Corsair K70 MK1, not the newer MKII you have in the video. It’s almost like I’m not sure if the following was something that was not a problem in the beginning, but started happening after the passage of time... but I ended up hating that keyboard because there were a number of keys that would take my keystroke as a double keystroke. In other words, the letter would come out twice even though I only typed it once. At the end it was happening so much, I was starting to loose my cool. Just try typing in passwords with that issue/problem, and not get ticked off, I dare ya. Lol I went out and got a Razer Huntsman Elite, and now I’m lovin’ life! The feel of typing is excellent and the sound is perfect, for me. With my old Corsair K70 there would be times that I would wonder... is it me, is there something that I’m doing wrong? Well, with the new Razer Huntsman Elite, no more unwanted double keystrokes! It wasn’t me, I was not doing anything wrong. I am so glad to be rid of that old K70 MK1 double keystroke piece of junk.
The azio levatrons keys are pretty shit. Very stiff and not fun while gaming
The Razor Black Widow TE Chroma V2 w/ Green Switches is 2nd to none IMO. At $140.00 it's not exactly cheap but it's less expensive than some presented in this Video. Also, for "bargain" keyboards why not Red Dragon? Talk about bang for the buck yet they somehow don't make the list...
Pls do one with headsets
The most important feature in a gaming keyboard is that it glows. Mine makes me feel like I'm driving a spaceship lol
10less mechanical or gtfo
Razer ornata
I really want a Razer Huntsman but I don't know whether to get the Elite or the normal one, I only care about the wrist rest and for an extra $70aud I don't think it's worth it, I might be able to live without it
I like the higher end keyboards but it doesn't make sense to buy them until they are on sale most of them are just overpriced and go on sale very often.
Will we get a vid for headsets
Corsair K63 Wireless, combined with Corsair Dark Core wireless mouse. FTW. I have the Keyboard modded for wireless QI charging and have integrated a QI charger in my desk underneath the full size mouse mat. 100% wireless desktop!
Can you guys do one on mouses? I do have one for a while now but still.
I really hate tiny keys
I don’t even play play on pc what am I doing here?
just buy a mechanical keyboard from aliexpress under 50 usd
razer black widow ultimate stealth 2016 edition
G213
Bought saitek cyborg v5 in 2011 and to this day it hasn't broken down a bit. It has red backlighting as well
I use a razor Ortega chroma
A few days before watching this i bought the blackwidow v2
Ha! Already had number one! XD yay!
what about the k95 rgb platinum man its the best from the corsair line up
I have that Azio keyboard.... It's a pretty decent keyboard that is indeed quite cheap.... I do recommend it for cheaper builds....
I know a brand that isn't anywhere near as expensive called Redragon. They make all kinds of keyboard/PC Accessories. I LOVE this brand! I have an Okay headset (its pretty cheap but it gets the job done for on the go gaming) by them. I also have three mice (one for Xbox one. for my pc. and one just for on the go use that is wireless) and i love them all. I also have a 2 keyboards by them. One is a flatter one with color change in LEDs and the other is the mechanical type without the Num. pad It is LED lit but its only colored in red. Go check them out. they aren't very expensive and their product is well made!
This is a super good mouse and keyboard combo. It's called HAVIT Rainbow Backlit Wired Gaming Keyboard and Mouse Combo and it's for less than $30 USD. Good reaction time keyboard feel. It's RGB and mechanical. The mouse also has led lights in it and changes colour every couple of seconds or so, also and two side buttons. It is a extremely good keyboard and mouse combo that I do recommend buying.
K95 Platinum master race!! Got it for 120 usd 1 year ago. Got lucky, but it usually goes for 149.99-169.99 i hardly ever see it go for 200 anymore.
A4 tech bloody already did the laser keys years ago. They call them lightstrike
wish there was a uk version of this
The deathstalker is hands down the worst keyboard I've used imo, I prefer using a cheap Logitech k120... Nothing against razer, currently using a blackwidow 2013 and it has never failed me.
It's my Friday, can I have my slice of Pizza early?
You should probably mention which one is mechanical and which one isn't considering that is a pretty big factor when deciding on gaming keyboards.
If you want a chunky boy look at the Turtle Beach Impact 100. £13 And it's the sturdiest and heaviest keyboard I've ever owned. It's made to last, pretty responsive, and great quality. It does not disappoint.
On the Corsair K50 and have been for pretty much 2 years. Good keyboard especially for the price.
Hey I recently bought this mechanical keyboard, mouse, headset, and mousepad combo for 50 usd from redragon and it’s awesome, I thought I would add it to the comments because it wasn’t added in the vid. Also the keyboard itself is only $30 and it has blue switches but I think they’re clones although they do feel really nice and they’re very clicky
Anybody want a keyboard
All these are samples are straight rectangles. I've been waiting for a wave styled ergo lit up keyboard, like the one Microsoft makes, love it but it's only missing the lights.
I still rock Logitech G15, yeah one I got a decade ago. And it still fully works. Though I am kind of thinking to retire it due to age, even though I can't complain. Though I definitely am not spending over 100EUR on it and I am looking into mechanical keyboard, but for like 50-100EUR category. Just not loud one. Because I really don't want to wake up all neighbors at 3am, if for some reason key hitting starts to intensify. :-D And I like them to not be loud either.
Where's Redragon?
i just got the corsair k70 mk2 in blues for college probably the most comfortable keyboard i have owned i 100% reccomend it
Thanks for the tip on the Corsair K55! Wanted an affordable upgrade for my stock lenova keyboard. Any tips on a mousepad, or is that even a thing to look around for?
It's also good to note that if you want longevity out of your keys go for double shot or dual injected key caps. That way years down the line you won't wear down the paint and have a huge transparent blob on your keys.
I really wish every tech channel would cover something besides corsair and the other overhyped boards. They are nice, but I really want to see some mainstream attention on the real enthusiast boards. Like the TADA68, KBD75, TINA, etc. Please, look at some sites like kbdfans or reddit /r/mechanicalkeyboards.
I have a strafe rgb and it’s amazing, the rgb is really really good and the mechanical keys are perfect for a gaming board.
I use a redragon vara rgb and i got it at half price for 55 bucks and it normally (at least in my country) used to be 100 dollars(and a bit) and it’s a really great mechanical keyboard and i haven’t had any problems with it.
I use the Logitech G810.
Asus ROG Claymore, 1 of the best mechanical keyboards I have ever used, A joy to use.
The M750 looks sooooooo good. Just wish my wallet looked just as good....
everybody’s dropping pc tips at the perfect time when i’m building a pc
Can you please do best headsets <3
Using a redragon yama keyboard
What about ajazz ak33. It's 40$, mechanical, rgb, tenkeyless. Also has macro software
That over a hundred dollars keyboards are not really worth it. All they advertise is the fact that keyboard with RGB is "premium". I tried most of the keyboards in the over a hundred lineup and they feel "cheap" in quality. They dont even put PBT keycaps just to show the RGB goodness of their keyboards. I would much prefer to use ikbc mf87 than those. You'll get the best in terms of price and quality.
Redragon Indrah RGB here. Not bad for under under $50, considering it's my first mechanical keyboard since the '80s...
Why no 60% fully programmable keyboards like the vortex pok3r? Apparently gamers need to do some very important accounting with numpad and sacrifice mouse space on the desk.. I don't use my poker for gaming though because I got the cherry mx blue switches on it. I have a Razer orbweaver for gaming, it allows my thumb to do way more than space bar, save even more desk space for the mouse, and super comfortable in the hand. This video is just bs. Stick to those before you buy this game videos, and some gaming news. Don't recommend people what to buy if you know nothing about premium keyboards, and apparently not even budget keyboards didn't even recommend red dragon
I own the K55, couple things I don't really like are the wrist rest; it's not the most comfortable rest and the top part of the keyboard attracts dust like nothing else. Other than that, it's a great keyboard
bruh. have you even checked out /r/MechanicalKeyboards?
I am using G105 atm. It's simple and good.
Can you do a video on good mice under $50?
srsly u make the video 10 hours after i buy mine .. and its not even in the list :(
i need a keyboard to my laptop because the disk is placed where my hand is while im playing, thanks guys for this list
F*ck me, i wanted to buy a mechanical keyboard for 50€ to 100€, Im used to this kinda of luck i guess...
I'm sorry but I don't think you got the Rosewell keyboard because i have one and its not good at all you got key wobble the software sucks for it and the key replacements are shit too they ones that came with mine i had to take a file to so it would even fit. The one I found that's cheap and works great is the 60% Razer RGB 2016 tournament edition you can find it one sell for 50 to 80 bucks. The software is great you can change any key into a macro key.
Love my BlackWidow Chroma V2 with orange switches. One of the best purchases I’ve ever made. No issues so far.
How about MOTOSPEED CK104 RGB mechanical keyboard under 50$
Great video. Does any manufacturer make specific keyboards and mice (and game controllers) for us all too often forgotten left-handers?
A video bout gaming monitors would be interesting imo
logitech k120 FTW! :D
None of the under-50’s were mechanical
Logitech g810
These are some good keyboards
If you want a budget mechanical keyboard that has Cherry Mx Reds, get the Gigabyte Force K83 for 40$
Why the K70 and not the K95?
Rocking the Corsair Strafe/silent switches for the last few years.....time for something new.
this is why I play on console
What about GPro
Corsair logo reminds me of the pirate bay logo
i use 10$ keyboard, but i wating till Bloody will be avaliable on EU market (that keyboard with numerpad on the left side of keyboard! )
I have the HyperX alloy Elite and its a god keyboard. I have cherry MX red and the thick key caps feel amazing. Definitely would recommend it.
The video was good, I would like each keyboard to be mentioned if mechanical or not, I'm looking to upgrade from my old Logitech G15 (maybe do a mechanical non RGB for under £100 vrs mechanical RGB under £100)
I recently got the corsair k70 original after my keyboard that came with my computer started to wear out and buttons stopped working. Honestly a great keyboard which I got for less then $100 because of the M2 coming out. Loving it because it feels to complete my setup
Corsair k70 mk2 SILVER AND WHITE ofc, so smooth and crispyyyyy
The best keyboard under $50 has to be the Redragon K552 RGB, it has blue switches though they aren't Cherry, good RGB lighting, and great performance!
#10 Logitech G100s combo $56.26 #9 Rosewill RGB $34.99 #8 Corsair K55 RGB $48.25 #7 Razer Deathstalker Essential $26.58 #6 Azio Levetron L70 (Couldn´t find it at Amazon, so it took the price from Walmart) $25.50 #5 HyperX Alloy Elite $109.99 #4 SteelSeries Apex M750 TKL $119.99 #3 Razer Huntsman Elite $199.99 (At Razer Shop) #2 Logitech G513 $ 149.99 (At Logitech Store) #1 Corsair K70 Mk.2 $139.99
Membrane is an auto no for me when it comes to keyboards.
Went from Razer Greens to Topre in a Leopold FC980. Loving it.
picked up a corsair strafe RGB silent mech for £20 of a guy that spilt coke all over it, a treatment of isoprophyl later and its good as new... total bargain.
TVS gold 30$ comes with cherry MX blue i must tell it's a good keyboard
hyper x huntsman and k95 platinum are still the best, id say best is huntsman elite and the k95 still holds up second and beats k70 mk 2 than hyper x is the third best surprisingly.
NATEC Genesis THOR 300 TKL under 50$$ and very nice
I hate rgb
Razer huntsman elite should be 1st
keyboard really was the least noticeable upgrade for me. Even the mousepad was a bigger one lol
I upgraded to a Razer Ornata from a Razer Deathstalker just last week. I recommend both! Further explanation down below. The Deathstalker lasted me two years, and even when I bought it, it was used by one of my friends! The only reason I ended up having to retire it last week was because, after so much use and travel, the membrane on the W key got a minor crack in it that resulted in a sticky W key, and two or three keys had trouble functioning. But, once again, that was after two years of my own use, and a few more from a friend of mine. I would highly recommend it! Great, sturdy, reliable, cheap keyboard! As for the Razer Ornata, it's fucking phenomenal. It has an EXTREMELY comfortable cushioned wrist rest that is attached via a magnet, provides mechanical-style feedback to your fingers while still keeping the noise levels down, has a low key profile that's easy to adapt to if you're coming from a completely flat keyboard like the Deathstalker, and perhaps best of all, it has RGB! (which can be set to a solid color, dimmed, or completely turned off if you aren't into that!) Fantastic keyboard, especially considering the price of just under a hundred bucks. My RGB setup for the Ornata is a standard "Fire" effect that makes the keys look like rocks floating in a pool of lava. However, I also added a custom Reactivity effect on top of that, which makes my keys glow white when I press on them. It looks like you're pressing those little rocks further into the pool of lava and making them turn white hot. Extremely cool aesthetic. Razer never ceases to amaze with their RGB.
Still in love with Razer Blackwidow X Chroma
really, no G613?
red dragon kamara great choice with diffrent rgb or red variants for only around 30 dollars
a keyboard is not that important I think there is not a big difference between keyboards , a good mouse is far more important
pretty good list I'm happy! Out of my keyboards I look for a couple things. I'm currently using the Logitech G910 which I get a lot of people were not a fan of. I love it to death and hearing some of the things that Logitech said about this board coming up to its release felt like they made it just for me. for example they tried a kinda different thing with their key caps and the response was mostly "oh that's cool but you went to far cool guys". so they changed up the keys a bit to fit that response before release. for me personally I found that I love the key caps but almost wish they went further so it feels like their original plan was to make it for me (most high end logitech gaming products feel like they were made specifically for my preferences from keyboards to mice and headphones). Anyway I love this keyboard and I really like logitech's own mechanical switches however I wish they had a clicky version of their switch but since they don't I do prefer Cherry MX blues for when I do a lot of typing.
I absolutely LOVE how none of the cheaper mechanical keyboards aren't on this list. It truly shows that those AREN'T good gaming keyboards and they aren't ACTUALLY better than these keyboards... Come on gameranx, do your research and recommend MECHANICAL keyboards for this price point. There are a lot out there so there's no reason to recommend shitty membrane keyboards at 50$
Gaming mouse video today????
Overpriced, not worth buying crap...
A week late for me gameranx
GAMDIAS P1 HERMES is godlike if ur poor like me :D
Why does every pc needs ugly and flashy colors everywere ?
I am using the Asus cerberus keyboard
"thats programmable with razer synapse if you get that to work" - very relatable
If only you did links for UK subs!
All of these “budget” keyboards are because they are cheap, but because they are too expensive for what they are (except for maybe the Logitech mouse and keyboard combo), and all those over $100 keyboards are WAY over $100. There’s LOTS of keyboards that are a WAY better value than the ones you chose.
Love my black widow chroma v2, it comes with a awesome memory foam, magnetic wrist wrest
Nice video, but what about the Corsair K95 platinum?
The HyperX Alloy Elite is an extremely good keyboard. I bought it for around $55 and I have been having it for 2 years. So good!
I see several comments talking about several keyboards that they thought deserved to be on this list but the video was not meant to find the cheapest quality keyboards but highlighting a price range of around $50 to +$100
My main keyboard now is Sades Lucent, it's priced around $40, TKL, and have Kailh Blue switches, it's pretty good. If you need the full layout, go for Sades Excalibur
Make a video for headsets
Couldn't live without my Corsair K70 RGB Rapidfire. Cherry MX speed caps are the ducks nuts.
Dope keyboards but check out the roccat brand
Who y’all steal content from this time? ??
can you do mouse too?
Ffs just tell me what switches the boards have.
reddragon kumara is the best mecha gaming keyboard under $50. go with mecha if you're a gamer even if you're on a budget
Where is MS Thunder pro????
I like a chunky keyboard.
I have a Ducky One which replaced a Ducky Shine 2. Although the keyswitches (cherryMX red) were fine, the LEDs started dying and I need backlighting.
I have a Yamaha P45.
I am planning on buying a gaming keyboard sometime soon because I am kinda getting into some gaming with my PC, and I have to use a controller because my Logitech MK270 does not work well for gaming. Oh well! I like that keyboard though. I am planning on getting a Razor keyboard with RGB.
I got a Corsair K70 lux as I don't care much for rgb.
Right on time, was looking for some gaming mouse and keyboard. Ty so much.
I'm using the HyperX Alloy Elite FPS (Cherry MX Red). I really recommend this keyboard, it is well built and all around amazing quality, i got it for around 80$, so it's also not expensive.
no thanks im good nothing can beat my logitech K120 :)
Man i still love my Steelseries Apex 100, i think i'll pass
get ck101 for 40quid its small,rgb and blue or red switches
Does someone have a recomendation for a quiet gaming keyboard? UwU
Bought the Razer Ornata Chroma two days ago after my Logitech G413 broke. I love it so far, the mecha-membrane switches feel better than the Romer-G switches on logitech mechanical keyboards in my opinion, the chroma effects are pretty dope and it comes with a nice wrist rest
I like my Roccat Ryos MK, best kb I ever used.
And no mention of Red Dragon Mechanical (amazon) keyboard!?
I am using Logitech G710 that I got in a bundle with Logitech mouse, mouse mat and cup for £100!
Could you make a Top10 mechanical or stealth keyboards under 50$? I kinda want to change mine.
did they actually test these boards
Kumara redragon for like 35 bucks. Best board for ur bucj
I’m a razer boy and the new one looks cool (I’m using a BW chroma v2 rn)
What is the background music in the end? (Deus Ex?)
I still using my old white 18 years keyboard that I bought in year 2000. Seriously, W,A,S,D are still there and I'm still killing boses and pvp with it today. PS2 keyboard not USB.
TIP FOR KEYBOARD USERS never put your keyboard high with the little stands it is not good for your wrist use your keyboard flat that is better for your hands
this is great hey i need to know a good mouse for games that have a lot of key bindings
i still use my logitec G15 :)works like a charm
I fell in love with the Logitec keyboard
where is the razer ornata on the list
arrow keys arn't gaming keys
Why is it only logitech can make an rgb keyboard without light bleed?
blackwidow v2 FTW
Top 10.....all of that membrane though....why??? *Shivers*
the thing is if you go just a little bit over 50€ / $ you get noname Mechanical Keyboards with Cherry MX Switches at 70€ they even have a numbpad. Yes they a Noname but they have the same switches so it barley makes a Diffrence.
G413 for typing and K70 for gaming, so far so good
1:50 I use the Corsair K55 and after all my slams I can safety say its pretty durable all I've lost is some keys that are irrelevant and the LEDS But yeah its a strong motherfucker
Just want to point out one thing with regards to two different manufacturers. Corsair requires you to ship any fault back to their factory (or vendor if you're lucky enough to have somewhere close that will accept corsair RMA's) This could run you far more than the cost of the part you are replacing. Logitech's customer support is atrocious. I am currently at 2 weeks after my RMA was approved on a logitech G903. It took an entire month to get to that stage, There is no end in sight for this, as even their customer support is admitting that their RMA process is broken at the moment (I'm Australian, so again, like corsair, your mileage may vary) Logitech build quality? well you get what you pay for, at the low end. At the high end however, the build quality does not seem to approve above the $30 offerings, they still feel cheap, made of poor plastic components that feel like they'll break if they get hit with harsh language.
I'm using Razer Black Widow X Chroma, and I really like it
I have a corsair k65 lux rgb with cherry mx red switches.
I thought this was a bullet Barry video
Can I expect a similar list for mouses? (Mice?)
@Rakk Keyboards
Idk why but i havent seen anyone talk bout this keyboard, its by rottay, a lowkey brand but their keyboard RGB Mechanical Keyboard, Rottay RGB... https://www.amazon.com/dp/B0753ZMXXW?ref=yo_pop_ma_swf is prob my favorite, and the best thing it comes under 50$ i have used 100$+ keyboards (blue switches) but this one feels better, like i dont get how this isnt more money, build quality is great, all its keys are programmable, and has so many different rgb modes, i have no idea why u wouldnt get this unless you dont like cherry mx blues
Azio is only for amazon prime users
I use logitech G103, i personally recommend it as it is cheap and has quick access keys on the left too.
above all can you pour a cup of water on keyboard or submerge it into water and still working fine? if not then its useless. i know a keyboard that can and its dirt cheap
razer product breaks within months...
I have and highly reccomend the logitech g6710+ blue mechanical gaming keyboard
I won a K95 Corsair platinum in a giveaway somehow. : )
Literally don't buy a gaming keyboard that isn't mechanical. Seriously, (Unless you're a bit adventorous).
Razer a name brand ? :D I had 2 products that failed me, my friends also had 2-3 failed products from Razer. So Razer will never see my money again.
Next time could you please mention which key switches they have?
I love my razer blackwidow X Chroma. Bought it around last Xmas.
What's Doorable? Don't you mean Durable?
Come on where 95k corsair ???
RIP keyboards from 50.01$ to 99.99$.
Do these work on ps4 pro or no (the one that come with mouse)
can any 1 recommend some gaming mice
Next time u make these videos please translate the currency because NOT EVERYONE LIVES IN AMERICA
You should check out the Glorious PC Race GYMMK (Gimmick) Keyboards. Solderless Switch replacement compatible with all Cherry MX compatible 3 pin switches like Cherry, Gateron, etc. .
Got a red dragon indrah white. Chunky boys make a noise?? My bro sold it to me for $11,30
I have a $10 logitech keyboard called the k120 that i’ve been using for 2 years. Works perfectly fine but maybe if i got a nicer keyboard i’d notice how bad it is.
The sixth one is also over 100$
Is it really worth paying $200 for a keyboard?
I have a Genius scorpion k5 for 15 bucks used
I have the #1 on the list.
The alienware keyboard is cool too
no topre.... psh
Gameranx is awesome
I just got a second hand razer black widow chroma, and i absolutely love it
Just wondering, I have a turtle beach 50X headset. Does that have a decent mic for streaming.
you try any of the patriot viper series? I've had 2 of their mechanical keyboards and loved them
Lol this sucks, I bought a Razer Blackwidow Chroma V2 in June, and by the time it arrived the Huntsman was released :/
WHERES REDRAGON MECH KEYBAORDS U SPONSORED SHITS!
Im surprised i didnt see drevo
Disappointed there wasn't an Anne Pro or any Pok3r MKBs. I switched from a corsair to a Pok3r and it's been the best decision of my life.
Deathstalker is getting shit, at least mine. Buttons start to feel like i need to push them hard like rocks, sometimes you need to push them to the very end for them to register (Shift key mostly) and stuff like bread particles easily get catched everywhere
How did you forget the Corsair RGB strafe?
wireless mechanical all the way for me
I have a Logitech G610 with CherryMX Red switches. If you don't need RGB and you're okay with the offset light on each key it's a pretty okay Keyboard. http://a.co/2Sg9z07
That red spot on the intro hand might need to get that checked!
k55 is great ?? love the macro keys.
Cougar is never on this list, they are diamonds in the rough, except the Cougar 700k, that one is just disappointing. I was expected to see the Cougar Ultimus, but this being Gameranx you'll never see any keyboards that are not the typical brands
Just got My PC and Im using a Razer RGB keyboard! :)
I stand by my redragon k555 indrah. It has multimedia keys, 5 recordable g keys, full rgb lighting, a metal frame, and most importantly blue mechanical switches. Redragon may not be the flashiest brand, but not a single one of your budget boards had all of those features for around $50.
I got a Cooler Master Gaming Devastator 3 keyboard and mouse combo
I feel sorry for anyone who uses a membrane keyboard to game. I bought my mechanical keyboard at 44.99 on amazon, have had for over a year and it's still amazing.
Vortex for life
Trust GXT 280 , multimedia keys , programmable keys , illuminated (3 colors) years old now still works perfectly , aaand its only 35 dollars.
What about the roccat vulcan?
Any Wireless/wired combo gaming keyboard recommendation ?
Where is logi g413 thats a great kb under 100 usd
The Razer Huntsman absolutely missed the point of having optical switches, if it was $100 cheaper it would have made sense. For a keyboard that costs $200 with laser tech they could have implemented an analog button function just like the Wooting One. Not to mention that it has to use 2 USB ports in order to get the full potential. What a waste.
I have a razor deathstalker But it’s backlit green
Logitech G Pro tkl
Logitech g810 is the best keyboard for me ??
I'm currently using the Logitech G213 but I'm thinking about switching to the Logitech G Pro because I want a TKL keyboard. Any other TKL's y'all (anyone) would recommend?
I’m using a $40 blackweb rgb keyboard
Hyper x is 100 not 50
Here you go. https://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B01BMJ0Y4O/ref=ox_sc_sfl_title_3?ie=UTF8&psc=1&smid=ATVPDKIKX0DER
"under $50"
If i can pick up the k95 rgb platinum for just 10 bucks more than the k70 mk2 should i doit?
K70 Lux RGB ??
logitech has started to get really shit. i got a proteus g502 gaming mouse. it's worse than an imitation for 25 bucks. it's a startup called klim and all their products have been absolutely amazing for the price.
Brand names doesnt make it a good keyboard...
Im using a Viper V760 I just picked up with Kailh Brown switches and I love it. Only $69.99.
I have personally used the Razer Deathstalker since it has come out. I don't have to worry much about stuff getting inside of my keyboard, and it's a pretty solid build. There has been many accidents involving beverages through this thing and it still survives. I've used this keyboard so much that my "wasd" area is starting to fade. It's definitely a nice transitional keyboard if you are going from a laptop to a desktop as well.
i recommend checking out gamdias hermes ultimate keyboard and hermes essential keyboard both keyboards have mechanical switches and are really good for left handed gamers and have 3 extra macro buttons below the spacebar and also 3 extra macro buttons below right control key for the left handed gamers using arrow keys these buttons are easy access for the thumb for right handed and left handed gamers the pricing of both keyboards is $100 and $110 but i got my hermes essential keyboard for $60 during a sale on gamdias website anyhow anyone in the market looking for a gaming keyboard i believe these 2 are at least worth a look especially for the left handed gamer ??
Could you guys do a video for best keyboard and mouse combo for ps4?! I haven't played PC since my younger years, but I always loved the combo for any kind of shooting game.
But, what about the software? Honestly, I have never used the 18 extra G-keys on my old Corsair K95 keyboard because Corsair's software is just absolute garbage. I tried the K55 recently as just a cheap board for the little guy to play with, and the software game remains equally as pathetic. Roccat's Swarm software for their mice and keyboards is also pretty damn horrid. When you purchase a $100+ USD keyboard or mouse, you might expect that the software would actually work, right? I don't know how many times I've re-downloaded that stupid .exe file and re-installed that software. You mention Razer's Synapse briefly in the video. Honestly, I haven't had any major issues with it in roughly 5 years of gaming with my Razer Orbweaver. It seems to do pretty well for the most part, although there are some things I would change or add. It could also be that I'm not running the most recent version with their modern hardware. Not sure what the issue is there. I've also never had any major issues with Logitech's software. Admittedly, I haven't owned a Logitech keyboard in over a decade, so I can't speak to those devices. But I have owned MANY of their mice over the years and have always appreciated that Logitech's software is not only intuitive but actually works! Now, if only they made a mouse that fit all my needs. Logitech just needs to buy out Roccat and steal their Nyth design, throw in an awesome optical sensor instead of that garbage laser one, make it wireless without it being a brick, and slap that software on top of it. They also need to bring back a more ergonomic (adjustable to hand size) and modernized G13 with mechanical switches. Build a Logitech Nyth MMO gaming mouse and a modern G13 gaming keypad, and I will throw my wallet at you. Side note: Yes, I have tried the G600 MMO mouse, and although I loved the idea of the 3rd mouse click as a "G-shift" modifier key, the mouse itself was just so uncomfortable to use for me. I have medium to small hands, and although the G600 is not a large mouse (it's actually quite small), it is wide and heavy enough to cause problems. Lifting the mouse requires pinching with your weakest finger in combination with a thumb that has no place to rest. This constantly resulted with many annoying accidental presses on the side buttons. It was enough of a struggle that it interrupted my workflow, so I had to find an alternative. I'm currently using the Roccat Nyth, which works okay, I guess, at least when the Swarm software actually works.
Please do mice next!
I have the Mk1 K70 that I bought a couple years ago and I will never go back to anything else, this is the best damn keyboard I've ever used. And it's so easily to clean which is a huge plus for heavy gaming. Once it finally kicks the bucket in several years I'll be getting whatever the newest model K70 is cause it's just amazing.
Razor huntsman elite is the best
K63 wireless keyboard paired with the lap board and darkcore mouse for some couch gaming
Cooler master devestator
I am using a Tesoro Durandal, it has Cherry Mx reds. it's the basic version without leds or wrist rest.
I use the logatrc g910
I want the cooler master ck620
the g910 is good
I run a Corsair K55 at work and I love it. Honestly thinking about moving to the K70 for personal use.
I have tje k70 rapidfire
Was just looking for a new one. This vid is right on time
Can someone buy me a headset my old one broke the day after I booted up my pc for the first time
Logitech G513 owners anyone?
RGB ROG Horus
Personally I only use Logitech so I use a Logitech G-Pro keyboard which is TKL and it's a sturdy board that had last me a while
Getting the redragon yama next week, extremely good value, check it out
Not exactly new, but I love my K95 RGB Platinum.
There are so much better MECHANICAL keyboards for under 50 than the crap being peddled here
A nice option if you are looking for a nice cheap keyboard is the ACGAM AG-109R, nice construction with metal, mechanical, full RGB, just 50$
why did you guys have to post this video the day i get my first keyboard in the mail..... lol the k68 i got is still awesome so far
the k55 is great. although it's not mechanical, it gets the job done and if you dont have money for a streak deck, the macro keys are a god sent
I'm currently using a Redragon K556 mechanical keyboard. I got it for ~$60. Not the fanciest mechanical keyboard out there, but pretty good for the price being an actual mechanical keyboard and having per-key RGB lighting under $100
Do NOT buy the deathstalker! It's such a crappy keyboard. I had one and my spacebar started sticking down and ended up not working at the end. Not good. Logitech G710+ is what I use now, lasting more than 2 years and still going strong.
I have the Azio levetron L70 it’s pretty good the only problem is that I don’t use the volume wheel that’s all
I can vouch for the K55. I’ve been using it over a year and it is an awesome keyboard. I picked mine up for $30 from Microcenter and I absolutely love it!
Pretty convenient video considering im getting a gaming PC in a month
Prff. Don't listen to these idiots you can find good off brand Chinese mechanical keyboards for like $30.
No red dragon mechanical keyboards those are great
3rd world sucks!
this is exactly what I needed. Thank you
Could you check out wireless mech kbs as well? There's not much of them out there but they're an emerging market I think
Human eye can only see 30 fps Human eye can only see 30 fps Human eye can only see 30 fps Human eye can only see 30 fps Human eye can only see 30 fps Human eye can only see 30 fps Human eye can only see 30 fps Human eye can only see 30 fps Human eye can only see 30 fps Human eye can only see 30 fps Human eye can only see 30 fps Human eye can only see 30 fps Human eye can only see 30 fps Human eye can only see 30 fps Human eye can only see 30 fps Human eye can only see 30 fps Human eye can only see 30 fps Human eye can only see 30 fps Human eye can only see 30 fps Human eye can only see 30 fps Human eye can only see 30 fps Human eye can only see 30 fps Human eye can only see 30 fps Human eye can only see 30 fps Human eye can only see 30 fps Human eye can only see 30 fps Human eye can only see 30 fps Human eye can only see 30 fps Human eye can only see 30 fps Human eye can only see 30 fps
Is eagletec mechanical keyboard solid?
I used Razer BlackWidow Chroma then after it broke I downgraded my keyboard to AVF brand Silentdeath Gaming Freak GK3. I play a lot using my keyboard and i'm also a part time writer. So far never regret the downgrade.
That Azio keyboard actually looks pretty damn sharp.
Gamranx should do one for monitors and include the prices in the video
Minecraft-cito
I was wondering, do any of these RGB ones have programmable lighting to light up ONLY the keys that are assigned to a command/effect? I play so many different keyboard configurations in different games that I need a board that lets me peripherally see what is active and what is not. Especially when switching from one game type to another. My biggest preference is Logitech (never had a breakdown from them since 1995-ish).
Why do people prefer the number pad on gaming keyboards?
I just can't stand the basic rectangle shape. I like mine with a little bit of a curve. Just feels better and places the keys in more more comfortable position due to my extremely long fingers.
For the price, and performance, I'm very happy with my k55.
I got a Corsair Strafe red for 40 dollars refurbished from amazon. Note that it is not RGB, but for the price, it is an amazing mechanical keyboard. I suggest checking it out if you don't care about RGB or not breaking the bank. It is an amazing looking keyboard with WASD interchangable caps for better grip and a very bright backlight with effects in Corsair's iCue software. Check out this review: REVIEW: https://youtu.be/4tcdRnheaQc and the keyboard on amazon: AMAZON: https://www.amazon.com/CORSAIR-STRAFE-Mechanical-Gaming-Keyboard/dp/B079F4L27F/ref=sr_1_2?ie=UTF8&qid=1533090915&sr=8-2&keywords=corsair+strafe+red&dpID=51x0naNzILL&preST=_SX300_QL70_&dpSrc=srch NOTE: in the video it displays a price of 110 dollars, it is the same keyboard and you can get it new for 70 dollars. I highly suggest buying it refurbished though.
ads are getting dumber
I'm disappointed, you could have at least mentioned the Redragon k552. it costs $40-50 dollars and is fully RGB and has mechanical keys. even though it's a tenkeyless it's still a great option for getting a budget mechanical keyboard.
I have a K95 plat and it was hard choosing a keyboard because the market for them all genuinely all pretty good once you hit around the $150 price tag. Can’t go wrong with anything from my experience above $150. However, different keyboards for different things, keep in mind if that when buying.
Logitech has good accessories so I'm sticking with em. Gonna match my mouse
Cool keyboards!
The Hcman gaming keyboard its 29.99, Its mechanical and has RGB lighting
Honestly, I hate having lights coming from my case, my mouse, and my keyboard. I like the only thing to light up to be my monitor when I'm gaming.
I like keyboards
Razer black widow chroma v2 with green switches?
DAMN!!!! that name, "Deathstalker"
What about the Kinesis Freestyle Edge? It is the ONLY true split-ergonomic mechanical gaming keyboard on the market, nobody else makes ergonomic gaming keyboards. Nobody! It has probably the most impressive macro programmability features of any gaming keyboard period and is RGB. Kinesis isn't as well known as Razor or Logitech, they've been making keyboards for years for business and this is their first gaming keyboard and they bat a home run on their first try. More people need to be talking about this keyboard!
i needed this video
I just want to hear the sound they make when you press a key
im using the Logitech G610 White LED version, Cherry MX Red, got it at Best Buy for $100
no redragon pretty good shit i do say so myself
My personal thoughts are to never buy from razer, I recently purchased the Ornata Chroma for 100 Dollars the switches sucked they space bar was sticky Their app synapse was laggy and unreliable I could if gotten a lot better for even 50Dollars
You should’ve mentioned the Redragon kumara k552. It’s like 45$ with rgb and blue switches (not cherry) I love it
$10 Walmart keyboard and done.... Not fucking hookers yet with keyboards... so no point to spend a lot on them...
Got a blackwidow X for 7bucks, best deal ever
Clicky clacky type of sound is my jam
Can you make a top 10 keyboards for beginners will be highly appreciated
I have the azio and it’s a pretty decent keyboard and it handles well
Usisng the G.SKILL RIPJAWS KM780 RGB Cherry MX Red Very good keyboard, no problem with it. If I change, going with Corsair or gonna stick with G.Skill. Pretty impress with the quality of their keyboard. Or going with ROG. I love the Style of their ROG GK2000 Horus Mechanical Gaming Keyboard
Filco
If your product has "RGB" in the name or is at all capable of RGB lighting, It's definitely not for me. I have enough flashing lights in my life.
I never am looking for gaming accessories. . . I have no need to be here. . . but I always watch these for some reason.
10 keyless keyboards are like jeans with holes. The less you get the more it costs.
Why isn't the Redragon K552 mechanical keyboard on here for $30.00,it's the one i'm using too.
You fellas forgot one: the Corsair K95 Platinum.
gaming laptops please
ehh i got the razer keyboard blackwidow.. really good!!!
Been using the old poker 2 keyboard for some years now
Using just a simple, like $20 wired ONN Keyboard, with both my laptop, and my PS4.
Do a "Commenter Edition" follow up video. I'd love to hear what other people would recommend.
I have a Xplore Clash one i dont know if they have it in every country got mine for like 40 Euro has rgb Mechanical keys and multi media keys
Aula Reaper it's fast and collision free, besides has cool rgb lightning and is cheap you guys should defenitely check it out.
i need a low profile gaming keyboard with rgb. anu suggestion?
where is the red dragon kumara keyboard. this video is bullcrap.
Personally, I can say that the Logitech g100 mouse is very good, rosewill products... I will no longer EVER buy due to terrible quality, the Razer deathstalker essential is a solid keyboard only major drawback it doesn't have anti-ghosting like it claims (registering multiple key inputs at one time). Happy shopping!
I love razer!
I like quiet keyboards but everyone else doesn’t like why?
and I'm just sitting here using a MS Digital Media Pro keyboard from ~10 years ago...
What about that small mechanical, water resistant, keyboard? (Forgot the name of it)
Do one for Headphones
That Razer keyboard is NOT the cheapest Razer anything you can buy. This Razer mouse and keyboard pad is $20 so ha
Yes yes, very fancy. BUT....are they compatible with Windows 98?
Im loving my new G.skill km780 RGB with the cherry mx brown keys. it's my first mechanical keyboard and I have not been disappointed in the least. the software still needs a bit of work, but overall it's a great experience.
What about: Redragon K552 KUMARA $30 GK-FORCE K83 RED $40 KG010 by EagleTec $39 DREVO Calibur $62 MasterKeys Lite L $44 Any of these options are better than the first 5 mentioned in the video. Except the Drevo, which is over $50 but under $100.
EagleTec has a pretty nice mechanical keyboard it's $49.99 on amazon!
Huh, that first one is door-able?
This was cool. Do one for mice please.
logitech g910
Im still chilling with that Razor holiday bundle for 100 bucks ????
I don't know about you guys but I use a keyboard and mouse from a brand called maxtech
I'm using the red dragon karura with a matching red dragon mammoth mouse. I like my soft keys keyboards
10 best panini press under 50$
I use a razer ornata keyboard. I got it because I bought a deathadder and I wanted something to go along with it which isn’t over expensive but isn’t just regular membrane switches
I have the Corsair K70 Mk.2! Woo!
I loved this video. ESPECIALLY that you did two different price ranges. I just recently built a gaming computer. Since I've done it on a budget though, part by part over time, I had the accessories as least important. So seeing a list of varying price points is fantastic. If you could do a Monitor and a Mouse video, that would finish the set and very much appreciated.
Can you guys do like gaming headphones headphones under $150 bc im really stuck and don’t know what to buy bc I really want quality but also don’t want to pay an arm and a leg
Azio Backlit Mechanical Gaming Keyboard (MGK1) Is very good :O fore 54.99
didn't realize you guys even did PC...given your content.
I have the Blackwidow Ultimate with Razer's orange switches and I DEFINITELY recommend this to buyers who are looking for a semi-expensive gaming keyboard. But I also want to say that I am looking at the Logitech G810 Orion, and I think that should have been put on there as well
You can get Mechanical keyboard for 50 dollars.
I use a razor adder. It's simple but it works
I use the Logitecg G810. If something happens to it, I will buy a logitech G810
The Azio Levetron L70 is def not under $50 dollars.. its more like $100 dollars
Ugghhhhh i want hat razer huntsman elite so badlyyyyy
Can I get recommendations on pre built PCs I’m trying to get into pc gaming Rn looking at a iron side pc
Can you guys make a Before you buy No mans sky next
how many times did he say low key, low profile, no frills
This needs more low profile keyboards for people like me who hate mechanical keyboards...
I recommend the Logitech G413 if you like the G513 but you don't want to spend as much. It's basically the same without wristpad and RGB lighting. Also the Romer G switch are fantastic. It costed me 82 € which is basically a steal
Literally bought the K55 yesterday. Stoked I made the right choice
i like how anything that has RGB lights means it's gaming related
Been using my Corsair K70 for years, and still works perfectly. ;P
All I need for my keyboard is rgb light, number pad, and volume dial.
coolermaster? nah? k
I just want foam wrist rests that are extended closer to me from good companies. these "Good" wrist are most of the time plastic and make me wonder whos dead wrists they used to test it. Im eyeballing that Razer one, it LOOKS soft. I imagine a wrist rest to be like a pillow for the hands, not a rock. Corsair >->
Thank you guys so much! I’m looking into getting my pc setup this weekend and I’ve been researching what keyboard I would like best. Definitely putting some of these into consideration. Super helpful video??
Razer blackwidow v2
Ahem..... razer black widow chroma V2
I have been using the Corsair K65 TKL for a while, it was on sale for one day on Newegg at $60 and has Cherry Red switches. Other than that, not much else to say: good feel, media keys, its compact, and its very simple. The keys don't light up, let alone being RGB, but they are really solid. Even if I do upgrade to a better keyboard, I will keep it around for travel use to LANs or something else like that. Sadly, it's not in production anymore, any used units I see on Amazon are ridiculously expensive, so get something else, but this keyboard ROCKS.
Holy moly, I was just thinking about buying a new keyboard and you uploaded a video on it.
If your really looking for a good mechanical keyboard I would highly suggest the Tekkery RGB keyboard for only $28. It has multiple light effects and have very tactile blue switches. Best keyboard for the value.
lol, this video just made me buy a Razer Blackwidow Chroma V1, It was on deal at Amazon.
"non name brands" I have heard of ALL of the mentioned brands. Also I KNOW that ALL of the mentioned brands besides Rosewill (they are more well known for their computer cases and computer power supplies) and Kingston (they bought Hyper x like in 2016 or something I think and they are more well known for their RAM and external storage products such as memory cards and USB sticks) are VERY popular amongst the mechanical keyboard community as the 2 latter brands are newer to market as far as I know and ALL those brands products have appeared on channels like LinusTechTips and besides Rosewill and Kingston I know that the other brands have appeared on Unbox Therapy
I got a keyboard for ¢25 at a thrift store along with a HV-MS735 mouse for $1 which goes to wow you don’t need to spend a ton of money on accessories
i have the corsair k55 rbg Keyboard and i hate macro keys i had to pull off the (G5 and G6) keys
this is sketchy
Up next 10 best gaming keyboard under $1
Also recommend Vortex Pok3r Keyboards. Welcome to the Pok3r club ;). Vortex Pok3r Limited Edition RGB with Cherry MX Browns here. White/Silver one.
I need a new mouse. My g102 prodigy died in 2 months only. So disappointed. Any recommendations?
hyperx fps pro
I use the SteelSeries Apex 100. Not super expensive, I payed $30, but it is good for me. It is also blue backlit. You guys covered something similar before. Nice keyboard. You can also program the keys for your games.
I bought the Corsair K95 Platinum for a 149.99 when it was on sale at amazon, best damn keyboard I've ever owned. I tested a lot of different ones at the local Microcenter.
I'm currently using the Steel Series APEX 100. It's a 30$ Keyboard that is extremely well built. I haven't had the ink on the keys wear off on me yet, as compared to my last keyboard, the keys wore off after a solid week of use, and it was around 50$ or 60$.
Ajazz AK33 is also a great mechanical RGB keyboard under $50
I thought for sure I'd see the Realforce RGB Keyboard on the list. It's the Rolls Royce of keyboards. Sure it's not one of those fancy popular brands, but it honestly beats them all
I am using Razer huntsman elite
I just bought a keyboard to replace my broken one and then you upload this. w h y ?
I'm incredibly happy of my DREVO Tyrfing 87-TKL. It's absolutely fantastic bang-for-the buck.
I got a blackweb mechanical keyboard with blue switches and 7 mode rgb lighting for 50
I have a corsair strafe I want a 10 keyless board tho
I have the K70 RGB MK.2 SE with speed switches and I must say this is by far my favorite one.
Razor Black Widow Ultimate. If it dies I get the exact same model again if possible.
I'm thinking about getting the Anne Pro
As an owner of The Rosewill RGB I highly recommend, amazing lights, enough modes to satisfy with adjustments on lighting and movement and to top it off this is the first time a wrist wrest felt right. The only downside would be that over all it is small, good for desk space but noticeably short key distance. (not recommended for large hands but you get used to it) oh yea and the keys are 10/10 has that nice snap/click but at times slow registry.
Just order the Corsair Lux K70 rgb...got it for $80. Thanks slickdeals!!
Pretty “low key” heh
Does anyone know a Keyboard that is White and is Mechanical? I'm trying to match my theme (a white and orange theme) and any Switches (except Razer green or orange, cherry red, black, white). If you know one, please reply. Thanks :D
just me skipp the first 5
I have owned a k55 RGB for a year and its really good. I've smashed it countless of times and it still works. with me stuff always breaks after a month
just buy a mechanical keyboard for 5usd instead of this shit sponsored commercial
K55 baby i'm shook i felt so popular! (xd i'm dieing inside)
I got that Razer deathstalker third owner got it by buying a friend McDonald's
I was 1k liker xD
cool
I prefer the Logitech G413 priced at $90 very simple keyboard with Romer G switches, but it is very reliable
Nah, just buy obins anee pro that's best keyboard for the price
Omg i was just looking for a new keyboard!!! Thank you so much??????
I have a RII keyboard and i like it. Another is a crytech...ye ye main.
Razer black widow x is really good
wanted cheap mechanical tkl keyboard
The best keyboard is called intous pro
anyone who has the giant keyboard key? (razor hunterman elite)
Can we have a giveaway
My chat headset is Hyper X; I know what I'm adding to the basket right now! Thanks so much for taking the time to find these neat keyboards!
the only razor thing i can afford is my mousepad lol
I thought we may see the Drevo Blademaster on here somewhere. All good though
I wasn't aware of the "mechanical key" craze until recently and think they're pretty overhyped from a standpoint of someone who isn't a super duper hardcore gamer who wants miliseconds of latency shaved off, and the ability to customize eeeevery single key like a drugged out EDM party. I'm content with a more low profile membrane keyboard with basic solid color backlighting.
you should do mice next!
I was just gonna buy a keyboard, what great timing!
3rd party controllers and gadgets are always pretty cool
No Magicforce 68? List is just bad
What about the k95 platinum, you should had at least mentioned while you were talking about the k70 m.2.
I don't really even know why I'm watching this, I'm way out of my league. To myself, a very casual gamer, a keyboard is a keyboard, but they look cool at least. :P Thanks Gameranx for enlightening me today.
I hope the keyboard in the thumbnail is under $50, please don't be click bait.
im gonna buy a new keyboard sooo should i buy Razer Ornata Chroma Razer Blackwidow X Chroma or a Razer Blackwidow Chroma
I recommend the Logitech G213 keyboard, nice sound, looks good and can get it Around £50 or £60. Very good keyboard
I have the Razer Chroma Blackwidow V2 with Razer green switches. I paid £150 for it and am very happy with it.
Literally just about to buy a keyboard. Thanks!
theres no such thing as a "good" keyboard either it works or it doesn't.
2:51 low key lol
If you are looking for cheap boards under $50 and still want the name brand, check out Cooler master. I have used a lot of their boards due to affordability and they are very solid. Worth a look
Can we get monitors and mice next, i really gotta upgrade
I have the HyperX ceeboart
Surprised you didn’t put Redragon in here
Literally just bought a keyboard yesterday. I'm kinda irritated that this wasn't uploaded yesterday. Could've gotten a better deal.
Reddragon makes a $60 mechanical keyboard. Spend the extra $10 people and thank me later
Hey, I’m tryna switch from Xbox to Pc gaming, what a full setup under 1000
what about the razer ornata chroma? yes it isn't a mechanical keyboard, but from my experience its really nice
am rocking the corsair K70 1.0
buy an RGB keyboard from china its not bad and it costs around 30 bucks
No redragon keyboards in a budget keyboard list?! Blasphemy!
I'm still using my Razer Black Widow tournament edition from 2013 and see no reason to get a new one unless it stops working. Maybe I will eventually, and keep my old one as a spare. I got a Deathadder mouse at the same time, the left button quit working a few years ago but it was warrantied and they gave me a chroma for free.
I need the numb pads because I use them instead of arrow keys
Corsair k70- I feel like it's underpriced
Dorable. Durable
Now do one on mice :D Unless you already have and I missed it...
Do a monitor one!!
Thanks dad
razer deathstalker is so bad and so expensive
PC PEASANTS
Used a Microsoft Ergonomic Keyboard, it is an old model, extremely comfly,, just bought a Razer Tartarus, Using an old Logitech mouse that has proven reliable beyond expectations.
Im using the Corsair K95 Platinum and it's the best keyboard I've ever laid my hands on. Bit expensive though but I have a feeling this is the last keyboard I'll buy for many years.
Razer Ornata is cheep(I got one for 1900NTD,about 60USD,without chroma),good looking,and have a great wrist rest
I know their is a keyboard with around 9 function keys. Its razer I believe and has 3 x 3 rows.
1. aren't there mechanical keyboards under 50$? I imagine mechanical switches are superior to membrane and hence would be priority. Rgb ligths whatsnot, all frills adding aesthethics, not gaming experience itself. 2. Why section for mechanical keyboards have to go over 100$? There are lots of decent mechanical keyboards between 50-100$ this list is missing.
If you were going to put the huntsman elite, I think you should have put the k95 platinum instead because it's a similar price range and debatably a better keyboard (this is in disregard to any order of the list btw)
There's a very nice keyboard you missed. It's the Redragon K552 Kumara. It's actually great for the price. I was able to pick it up for $30
It would be better to get a pc first, nah i will buy them all, they look nice
Lol
I use a kinbas rainbow led keyboard for my gaming ( PS4 )and an Ares Multi-color keyboard for creating stuff on the Unreal Engine 4 and Blender. They both have the breathing effect tho.
Why don't they list the prices
AZIO MGK1-RGB-BLU MGK1 RGB Gaming Keyboard, Still going strong after two years of heavy gaming. Highly recommended
The 100$+ keyboard seems good for long term,but I would check some youtubers opinions on PC accessories. An example of that is rocket jump ninja , or his website =).
Love the video today
so not a single mechanical keyboard under 50? meeeeeehhhhhhhhhhh
Witch one would be best for esports
Hey can someone give me some advice in order to choose what keyboard to buy? I'm deciding between Razor Blackwidow Expert 2014 and HyperX Alloy FPS (brown switches). I really like the Razor one but the red backlight on alloy is so nice. Did maybe someone used any of this for a lttle bit longer so he can tell me any experiences (or maybe even both).
my mechanical keyboard was 22€ from china and still going good after 2years
i have to say, i've been using the nr.1 little brother for about 4 years now and its still rly good and never had any problems so my next will be the k70 mk.2
dont buy anything under number 5, they are all poopy membrane keyboards overpriced because of rgb. if you dont care about rgb just buy a corsair k66 or gigabyte k83, those have cherry mechanical switches and cost the same as those membranes with rgb.
I’m using a black widow chroma v2 with green switch’s
Next time you do one of these videos can you do one where you recommend the best type of Gaming consoles and PCs
You dont know how much i needed this.
Corsair Strafe RGB with MX Browns. Love it.
I can agree, the k70 is nice. I use the original version of the k70 and I love it. I pair that with a Logitech g502 spectrum mouse. Great combo
I replaced my Razer gaming PC keyboard with a top of the line Corsair K95 and I liked it so much, I bought a cheaper Corsair K66 for the office. Oddly, I like the K66 more.
I yelped when you put the k70 mk.2 as #1 because I love it so much! I’m buying mine next week!
SteelSeries bois
RAZER Huntsman is a shitty placebo.
PERFECT TIMING!!! I just got a new pc and I’m looking into getting a good mechanical keyboard, thanks for the info!
can someone pls help. I played on a macbook air for about 1 1/2 years and i wanna find a similar keyboard for my pc as the keyboard that is used in the macbook air. Does anyone know any good ones? max prize i would say is around $100
so many membranes, why ? :P
Really makes me want a new keyboard; got a blackwidow here and didn't even know wrist rests were a thing for a while now...
Membrane keyboards for gaming? ??
What about crosair k95 RGB Platinum ?? If you ask me its better then k70 MK2 ????
im kind of upset that you guys didnt mention the steelseries apex 100 its a nice cheap keyboard with blue backlighting, its not mechanical but its a really good keyboard ive been using it for a couple months now and for $30 its not half bad
Got a Corsair K70 RGB over two years ago, got it for under £100 because the shelf label was wrong - score. Would've been like £150 or so otherwise.
Heey, just got myself the K55 not too long ago. Love it, such a good deal. Although the macros being on the left is a little off putting. I can't even express how many times I've hit 'G1' instead of 'ESC' :p
Fucking thank you. I was looking for a good keyboard to buy.
Using the Filco Majestouch Ninja with Cherry Brown switches. I love this keyboard and I bought it for £140 here in UK a few years back. In hindsight I could maybe have gotten a TKL variant..
G901 and G502 best combo ever Logitech fanboy
I hate the new sound YouTube put for when you like a comment
I use the deathfire ex mouse/keyboard combo. It came with a "hybrid" keyboard and the mouse comes with 2 extra buttons and have a dpi switch for 51 dollars (at least in chile)
Hell yeah I needed this some much
imma go for that k55
Next up? Keypads followed by mouse pads, then headsets, then microphones, then controllers (Xbox variants and PS variants), then speakers, then webcams, and then finally....mice XD
Does anyone know a good tkl keyboard around 100-120
Logitech G15. Best keyboard ever. I actually bought 3 used ones on eBay this year to have spare parts. No new keyboard got 18 G keys and those are so useful in MMOs. Build quality is great, too. Wish Logitech would ship a new version with mech switches.
If the Hyper X Alloy had RGB 10 keyless then it be the best keyboard.
Oh yeah yeah
no redragon for under 50?
Rocking a custom-built KBD75 75% keyboard with gmk screw in stabilizers, custom Royal hako switches with 70 gram 24k gold Sprit Springs, LGBT carbon dye sub keycaps. And I made the whole keyboard hotswap wolf with holtite sockets. Total keyboard cost ~$320 USD
I actually just bought the Redragon K555 INDRAH for $56.99. Absolutely love it.
HyperX alloy elite
4:01 TO GO TO PREMIUM, YR WELCOME.
I'm currently utilising roccat sova membrane as I game in bed. I love the look of the new roccat keyboard using Titan switches but I'm not sure I'm willing to join clack and clang master race
Like the k90 plat tbh
The HyperX is probably the most well rounded choice. The durability of that keyboard is second to none.
Great video.
I was thinking of replacing my shitty keyboard then i get a notifcation about this video ????
i have a Redragon K552 KUMARA red LED Backlit Mechanical Gaming Keyboard, and mouse.
I bought my razer blackwidow stealth edition for 30$ p r o f i t
I really need a keyboard
Thank you Gameranx I needed a new keyboard without costing so much
My keyboard is a cheap A4Tech. Been using them for over 15 years ??
Where is the guy who put prices
100 people are first
I was expecting the redragon mechanical keyboard
I love my Anne Pro 60% - Brown Gateron switches - PBT DSA Dolch Keycaps
wow seriously bad vid. what's up with this channel i feel like your the least qualified channel to be doing a top 10 keyboard video. like is this sponserd or something? these keyboards are really bad deals. why are there no cheap mechanical quality keyboards like: Eagle Z-888 or Mottospeed CK888 or Mottospeed CK108. those keyboards are in my opinion a way better deal. better top 10 vids: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3xXwQQZGE1U https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lSKLwOPGw0I https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=n6vM0YslQHU https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=V4ACgvXyqok
Wrist rests are a game changer
Do one about headsets
any mechanical keyboards under 50?
Oh yeah yeah
there are many mechanical keyboards (non mx switches) with rgb under $35.
Redragon K552 is probably the best under 50 keyboard. Mechanical and backlit
My favorite is the razer ornata chroma. Expensive but comfortable
Funny how razer has to use light switches for anyone to even take notice. A4 tech bloody has been using those light switches for years
I dislike it when people ONLY focus on big brand keyboards like Corsair Razor SteelSeries like they're the be all end all. Look into small production stuff too!
Why am I watching this? I have a K70 LUX lol
Are you kidding me? I was literally just researching keyboards for my new rig when i saw this in my sub feed. What a coincidence! Thanks for the info too.
Give me dat heart
I just became a pc gamer
Well this video was just what I needed after spending all my money on Blackwidow chroma v2
corsair 95k Plat
I have a Corsair K95 Platinum with Cherry MX speeds
Cooler master has the best mouse and keyboard combo
Ive got a logitech g910, and I have to say, its by far the best keyboard I have ever used
A good idea for a video could be top 10 updated games. (But they should be full priced AAA)
These are some of the worst keyboards you can buy... Why didn't you reccomend mechanic keyboard that's 50 dollars? Yes they do have mechanical keyboard under 50
I use the razer blackwidow chroma v2 yellow switch(mechanical) and I love her so much
I reccomend redragon k552 or k561. It has outemu blue switches which really feel like cherry blues. Doesnt bend at all, built like a tank. Also RGB!
Now some gaming mice?
Got Logitech Pro, really good one! Although sometimes not wearing headphones you might hear springs do their sounds but, nothing disturbing.
Great choices, thanks for another good video!
10 Lewdest Video Games Commentators!!!
RGB overlord!
Still using a IBM keyboard from 98 haha
uh, the Azio Levetron is $93 on amazon.
alloy fps
i feel like the razer chroma is a little to much of an overkill. RGB everywhere including the wrist rest. The corsair its just simple and much better looking.
Have radical day Gameranx and Gameranx Viewers.
it would have helped if they show the price of the keyboard
GREAT VID! <33
I don’t think I can relate or appreciate a channel more than Gameranx. Thank you team
48
Irrelevant but... A YouTuber released a “before you buy” video for black ops 4. I wonder what Gameranx thinks of it...
23 views 74 likes Oof
37th
I need a good gaming mouse.
I am a console gamer, so sorry, I don't speak PC
wow wow wow wow wow
Firstn't
I have the K55 and it’s amazing!
nice timing. my wifes gaming rig needs a new keyboard
thank you
All I want is a Logitech PRO made wireless!!
Fourth?
I clicked on this video faster than Flash could blink
Awesome !!
Third
I don’t have 50 dollars
Good vid
Aw man. I was expecting some nice pianos
6th
anthem is gonna kill destiny change my mind
Nice list
Aye...
Yeet
7th like and 5th comment
Third
I’m poor
Que the Razer sucks comments in 3.2.1
Clicked notification by mistake
Like this plz
Luv ya
FIRST
Second!!
FIRST