Lol all junk bs
These are all dumb as fuck lol
Who’s here at 666K views?
Nice
yeah, extra small capacity power banks..........
none of these are bullshit except all of these.
Cool tech
Hair Growth Laser Device is another best gadget you include in the video the Hair Growth Laser Device is the Fastest laser hair loss treatment https://www.thebroketown.com/gadgets/110/Hair-Growth-Laser-Device
Who thinks this is waste of time???
Hypothesis challenge rear exhibit garlic exercise function budget document beautiful
2:14 The vid is so fucking cringe Look in the background You can see a oscilloscope, thats a device to measure voltages and peeks and stuff like that, but mainly, its just there so he seems more intelligent Its retarded
850$$$$$$$?????????
I’m not rich boy!
A drum stick app is a must have?
he doesnt know how to untangle a Fing wire?? should register for disability and BAM problem solved.
Wait....now I can charge my phone.... connect it to qiub.... And then connect it to.... To my laptop, a wall outlet....hmmmm. I like my charger that came with my laptop. 1 wire to the wall outlet to my laptop and my free short one or four inch wire that came with my phone, connected to my phone. I only bought a $8.00 battery charger. Fits any where. Just saying.
I like this gadgets. I love to buy all of them:D Try gadkit.com
is "THE POWER PACKER" a gadget?
Cool
Garbage
0:07 Interact with the "Whulled" ?
I'm certain the first one is most efficient, for people with specific disabilities.
welcome to my blocked list. worst channel ever just shows garbage over and over...
I have the first one
I would like to control my pasta The first one can’t do that!
All gimmick tech non sense to steal your money.
guess what biatch im living in 3000
personnaly l don't like this
i thought i'd be watching nice gadgets
Why these videos always sound like a shitty club?
# WERD. That is all I have.
"human hand is fantastic"
not new ...
As anyone else hearing vella instead of wella
Lame!
What the hell
Some day human will use only sign languages.
Advertisements Why would i wanna watch this
Im average, normal, and sophisticated.... i tell myself that in the mirror every morning but yet it doesnt seem to be true
visit for amazing gadgets https://newamaze.com
Does the first thing work if your black cause I didn't see one black person using it in the vidio
Music hill shock invent league likely situation real operator fit.
Doppler effect
That welle thing is just making all u hardworking rich peopl to lazy poor people. This gadget is a fricking fail
thumbnail 2:42
And comment
1 like
everything was just garbage...except the last gal..nice mouth for sucking mi cock
i bet the first one doesnt work how they describe it
Well that's useful
The first one is pointless especially if your device is right next to you.
Terrible video
I'M NOT THAT LAZY, RIGHT NOW.
Two words: Useless Gadget’s
U can use the drumstick thing but the cost is looking like an idiot.....
Well done channel. Thank you for the links to included products! Subscribed because of this video.
How bout ya'll use the goddamn mouse
He looks kind of Elon musk
OMG, I gotta get none of these right now
haha. The add about drumming was so funny. Seriously, no one should present anything in a foreign language if their accent is so heavy. I am a fluent french speaker, but damn, if I wasn't I wouldn't understand anything. haha
This video says that these gadgets are a must have, I see no purpose of having these though
I like the welle
fucking stupid as fuck
i like the first two then it started to get pointless
thumbnail 2:42
In the quib bit, why would you need a power bank when you have a perfectly good laptop with charge and USB ports??
I got a cool gadget from anxietyreliefdoodads.com
I want to make shit music too!
3:01 He tries using a power bank when a laptop is right fucking next to him
It was either some "revolutionary new power bank" or just garbage. Even that side bag thing was kind of dumb, just carry less shit, problem solved.
nice and cool gadgets
that phone was nearer than wella. Weird how she answers the call
"can be used with any laptop through the USB slot", cries in macbook pro
They Should Have Added A Tile Feature Built In & A Power Bank
cool gadgets #techfactswithsree
How seen all the vice documentaries
Oh man i lost all my brain cells watching this stupid worthless shit ??
life will convinent
Ese cargador esta de madre el primero
And comment
1 like