awesome!!!!!!
Im young and dont have a laptop so can someone plz explain what an dual port hub is?
should be named as "Top 7 MacBook Pre accessories in 2018"
That "designer" at 4:50 looked high off his fucking rocker
im pretty sure a computer, isnt a computer accessory
I miss the MagSafe and I need the MagSafe for latest MacBook Pro 2018. Please suggest the best converter!!
The Mobicase looks interesting, however, the $200 price tag is a turn off and deal breaker. The tiny tower has a big price of $80 for something you can remedy for free or with cheaper products. Also, enormous focus on Mac products, which is a shame. The Moose bag is promising, however, at $130, its overpriced and I got a chuckle at the way you can "lock" the bag around a pole when all it would take is a pair of scissors to cut the strap and get away with the bag and the contents. The CHUWI Hi10 Plus is useful, but the limiting factor is the storage at only 64Gb which is basically used up by both operating systems leaving a mere 20Gb for real storage. The price of it though is a good deal.
Just sit on a small chair or get a taller table for the first one ._.
The moose is my good
I'm sorry did they just use a portable keyboard on a laptop in that laptop bag ad?
The mobi case looks really good wtf!
tiny tower is awesome
macbook accessories
videp is useless this gadgets is only for mac
En serio 6 interrupciones comerciales? cada 120 segundos un puto comercial? Vayanse a la ve...jiga !!
Only macbook shit
plzz make a video how to connect dvd player with laptop and also explan how to install the os for laptop with the help of dvd player
I like Moose design and zendure
Way too much commercial break. Dislike and click not interest to prevent it pop out from my video list.
what the hell its monetized heavily
I love the durability of Mac products. but the newest products can just go in the trash.. I'll stick to Linux on PC
I'm sure there's tech behind it, but I don't trust magnets near my PCs, no matter how secure they might be lol
I find it sad that dongles are some of the must haves.. T^T That's right... now, we no longer need to just have only a laptop perfectly working for all our needs.. but, we instead have a laptop where we need to buy more parts to take up more space so we can use everything we need...
I loved #5 until I found out it was $130
Can vistar be used for asus
I was soo excited to get the moose bag but noticed a 130 dollar price tag
2:28
At the first, how the fuck do you type with the original laptop keyboard? You need to buy a wireless keyboard, cause with wired keyboards, it looks really ugly. Come on
5
Number 2 complains about the wired hub adapters Number 4 is a wired hub Adapter Wtf did u even watch these ads before copy and pasting them into ur video??!?!
im not gonna buy a MacBook ..... i'm a gamer MacBooks suck at gaming
Wish they will invent power bank for older version of macbook
I'm just glad that I'm short. ?? ?? ??
The moment you realize your watching adds...
4:40 who noticed random king
Simply awsome
the working station bag is going to burn out your macbook... there is no air circulation!
I understand that some people need to charge their devices, but what is the point of bringing you tablet and phone with you everywhere. Also, why the hell do the dongles never have Ethernet -_-
Look at those macbook users... Feeling so sad for them apple put them in alot of trouble what to do with that beautiful design of macbook when u have to carry tons of useless cables/adapters ?? ?? ?? Well dell xps15 guy is here
The First one is pointless just get a flipping computer ????
When it said 'omnihub is all you need' I thought I needed a laptop as well..
Is it just me or does the Internet not allow others to buy the corebook...?
i do not think so my video contains 7 addons in it. just no
2:28
I want this
Lol is more cheap put the laptop on a book tower hahahah
Eight ads to monetize a twelve minute commercial compilation? Why not interrupt your viewers every minute?
Hi
Moose vs Mobicase?
Gooooooood ????
LOW EFFORT FUCK.
The only thing that interests me is the first one. 2&4: I'm not stupid enough to buy a mac 3&5: Nice idea, but for most people, it will quickly become just another bag. Most people don't spend enough time keeping their bags organized, a lot of bags actually have a lot of features that we common users never use. Besides, you should use backpacks with chest strap, because side carries will bend your spine. Mobi case gets a + for the posture thing... but isn't it ironic that it's a side carry when they are talking about posture? Most people don't shift from shoulder to shoulder every 3-5 min like they should... Get a clue, make backpacks. 6: lol, how dah faq is that even a new thing? They are EVERYWHERE. And many are better quality too. And no, tablet can never be all that a REAL laptop can be. Because you can't fit a 1060 or better in it. 7: Excessive. most I've ever used is 2 ports, I doubt most people would need more than 3. Besides, most laptop now come with a charge port that can charge when not on, could just use that. I've a charger with 2 ports, and then 2 attached short cable on the side, one with micro-usb, the other... with whatever the apple shit is. That, IMO, is more than sufficent, and also more convenient as you wont need to break out the cables half the time.
im literally buying that tiny tower right now
#6 is a lie if you cant not game like wow on it it is NOT a true desktop replacement .
5 is my favourite
Neak back pussy and my crack
Love the video I subbed and likes it
Thumbnail bag at 6:35
With the first one why not just lower your chair Lol
Rename it to "Macbook Pro Accessories & Gadgets 2018 You Must Have"
The mobicase needs legs in case there's no table.
MOBICASE is absolutely fantastic.....
After I watched this video, I got the Mobicase. Lemme just tell you ITS AMAZING. Five stars 10/10! I totally recommend it.
200+ for a laptop bag? Thanks but no thanks!
3:48 he changes to a pc to a mac WTF illuminati cnfirmed!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
5:24 WHY TF DID SHE PUT A HAMBURGER IN THERE???
when you have a macbook old cringe im suing
Too much mac stuff...
i want the girl in blue
I want the thing on the thumbnail
2'28" good view, good view
When you have a 17in laptop
for someone who keep go out bringing a laptop everywhere that mobicase looks really neat actually
Thumbnail looks cool
Again only a sopy and paste video nobody needs
awesome absolutely