I hope you enjoyed this As Seen on TV TESTED video. Check out my latest TESTED video here: https://youtu.be/WbE-D5hOghU Thanks for watching!
Come on, P Pop isn't that hard to reduce or negate.
Hey Mr narrator..you are simply the best
the 80s called, they want their pink cube back Edit: You actually sound like kermit
Sections are far too long.
...Tac lighter is cool - but - no versitility. Could you thaw a frozen lock? Use it as a light source? Even light a pipe? Too limited. Combine it in the handle of a survival knife.
make sure you tell us its "your phone, your charger your etc." every time
There is likely "sonic measurement". How do you think the "tape measure" measures with the button? I highly doubt it measures with actual laser, but is done by sound. The laser is probably just a feature to make sure you are pointing it at a surface. From an engineering standpoint sonic measurement is much cheaper and easier to implement because sound travels slow and therefore it would be easier to measure the time it takes for the sound wave to return. Light, on the other hand would be very fast and would require an extremely high sensor sample rate.
I have one
You donít wanna spend $1000 on a phone but you will waist $15 in a speaker the side of my thumb
You sound like Kermit the frog
does your puppy has a problem? why is jeeter licking a stuffed animal?
there's an ultrasonic sensor on the measure king... hence the "sound" marketing
Lil speaker with big sound... This reminds me of my girlfriend.
Did he really see them on tv
Sonic measurement is the way range finders works
Sonic Measurement its just how fast the laser travel and give you the measurement. Nice Gadgets I am like it.
Magnavision = Brazil.
The blisters can be open with a can opener instead.
It has a sonic measurement, the laser is visual only and does nothing, cover only the laser and test it
$15.00(USD) at walmart or similar stores RCA antenna with signal booster i found to be worth it(WXIN FOX 59 for the simpsons)
Somebody's wealthy.
sonic mesurement .... you know about the sonar right
Anyone else notice that the TacLighter is actually a miniature taser? Should have had the volume on and tested it on your forearm-that would be a seller!
That measure king looks legit
"as seen on tv products are all the rage"
For the Measure King you left out the most important factor - accuracy. One review I found on youtube showed that the laser (sonic actually) mode indicated 27 inches while a regular tape measure was at 24 inches, with equally bad or worse results at longer distances - based on that alone, this is a fail, though the cord mode seemed fairly accurate.
Shoot all the marketing genius
this guy sounds like a grown up kermit
But did you check the accuracy of that tape measure contraption?
Beck! You have great taste in music.
Indoor Antennas are NO good unless you have a rooftop antenna to boost reception... It was so much better during the analog days when channels were far more accessible...
No headphone jack.
I would have thought that a Sonic measurement is referring to sonar used for measuring against the wall as the laser is only a viewfinder on the wall to see what you pointing it
You sound like kermit the frog
The biggest gimmick I saw in this video was the dongle thing that Apple tricked users into buying.
Nice video Kip. I enjoyed it.
The Measure King uses ultrasonic (like when an expecting mother goes in to have an ultrasound scan of her growing baby). The laser is not the measure, it is a direction guide for the ultrasonic measurement.
China is smart.
The measure king does use sonic measurement. The laser is only there as a guide.
WHY DID YOU LIGHT THE STINKIN SETH CARD!?!???
Antennas are antennas. No little antenna like that will work great. If you actually want to get great reception with an antenna for local TV and not cable or dish you need to spend about 70 bucks and get one of those huge TV antennas that are directional and go on the roof or in the attic. That is how you make use of free broadcast Television. Any little antenna are all the same pretty much garbage.
Actually, the "measure king" probably does in fact use sound to measure. Most laser range finders use more than one laser to measure distance and they are not visible. Being that this one has a visible laser, it's probably just there for aiming purposes.
Hello Max Headroom.
one correction the tape measure works with sound not with laser, laser is just to point
ummm... my tape measure does NOT need batteries to work after indefinite time of un-use... bs hype !
If you still have the boom cube, can you test it against dropping your phone in a cambro pan? Maybe a few of them of different sizes, but I expect a deeper one to work better.
get a oneplus 6 its cheaper and better than iphone X
20 channels ain't so bad...cause if you don wanna spend cash on cable...well this is kinda cool !
It uses sonar to detect the distance from whatever your pointing at. the laser just tells you where your aiming
Sonic measurement probably refers to ultrasonic distance measurement, which fires ultrasound and measures the time it takes for it to bounce back.
WOW, forgot all about your channel and havent seen a video in years!
1$ stocking stuffer
"lets bust into this heavy duty packaging and pull out.." 0:35
What about flex tape and seal ?
Oh come now Kip, You mean there's absolutely NO way you could KipKay tinker with that antenna to get it to work better?
Why that look like an iphone3
Hot oil and gas all over the place.
dont get tangled that some harry arms
the measure king has a sonic feature. The laser only shows you where are you pointing at. Then it releases a high frequency clicking voice and measures the distance by the eco of the voice (Doppler effect) That is why it does not work in bigger distances and in noisy environment. It also can show wrong reading when you have an obstacle in between.
When you moved the antenna to the window, were the channels at least more clear?
That lighter ?? would make a great ???? weapon. ... kind of.
Who'd 've thought an antenna for Tv would be so useless in 2018?
Man I remember watching you since I was like 7 ??
Nice! You guys got some drum'n'bass playing as the intro! ;]
For a true test of the waterproof claim you should try to light the candle underwater.
Use magnavision on the Nintendo switch in table top mode
Ok YouTube I watched now please stop recommending it
God your like if my dad made YouTube videos ?? it's hilarious and your content is quality
Dude, you are so funny yet very educational, thumbs up :))
I have clear blue TV antenna . It works great. I get 20 clear as day. Even in Arizona I lived in the middle of nowhere i still received 20 channels
yup bet u wont heart my comment
Beck for life!!!
I wonder if the electric arc could stun if say, pressed to someone's skin or clothes?
This lighter looks really dangerous! I'm no expert but the open electrical arc would at least burn you if you touch it.
The Taclighter is great! As for the Measure King, my phone already measures distance with the camera.
sonic measurement is pretty common and worse then laser measurement, the tested device has no laser measurement, would not recoment it for exact measurements, the laser just helps to see at witch point you direct the device,
Smegmavision, made in Chiner?
Now we have products witch can have a claim on the package that says: As seen on youtube !
You really dont know the difference between water resistant and water proof
the easiest way to measure isnt with a tape measure, the IPhones do it now :P
Nice to know that you're still doing videos KipKay. Keep it up!
How about circumference not diameter.
The seaker in the intro is so good not the boomcube the one in the intro, was about 5 dollars and was fully worth it
It does have sonic measurement. Above the laser is a small speaker that chirps, it then times the receival of chimps and calculates distance. Sonic measuring has been around for ages.
You can change the world dude
Still glad you're around
Woah itís been a minute since I watched a kipkay video
Water RESSISTENT not proof
The original King of Random!
The cube went boom in fortnite
He lives!!!!
Come on bro! A good TV signal it's worth the hassle of moving!
Any antenna can receive HD channels. And, any and all antennas are limited by a line of sight and distance. So, the claims are realistic. It's the reason cable TV is the only viable option in most suburbs where broadcast antennas are more than 35 mi away. But, if you're within range, antennas are the way to cut the cable tv bill.
I just got the measure king n i liked it. I was wondering what he was gonna say about it. It's a great tool
The news reporter at the end made this video somewhat worth it! ...not really but it was nice lol 9:42
sonic speed like how fast it shows you the ft
As seen on TV a teaser that light things too
Are we not gonna address that the tactical lighter looks like a Juul??
Wow this channel still exist! I remember watching this guy when I was young ?? he's awsome
Kermit?
"Must keep antenna within 35 miles of broadcasting towers" LOLOL
I could be wrong here, but the measure king does not use the laser for ranging, it uses sounds, it only uses the laser for aiming.
that extension cord looks like you pulled it out of a swamp
Props for BECK
"As seen on TV" usually describes worthless objects that are advertised in non-prime time hours.
The laser is just a guide for the ultrasonic measuring device.
Love the Stinkers... HAHA just so I know never to even try them.. thanks. thumbs up..
Just got my Measure King, it is awesome! I measured my dog and my wife's head now my family hates me; but I still love the Measure King!
Cool lighter
IT SEEMS THAT LOGIC STATES THE "SONIC MEASUREMENT" IS ACTUALLY LEGIT. IT SAYS "LASER GUIDE". THE LASER IS JUST A LIGHT SO YOU CAN AIM IT AT WHAT YOU WANT. IT'S NOT USING THE LASER TO MEASURE, IT IS USING SOUND WAVES TO MEASURE.
An I the only one who has experience with string lines? They stretch and break. Apparently we're just going to skip over this fact it's affects on the measure king or how the measure king compensates and still achieves accurate measurement.
I'm surprised you don't have an As Seen On TV "OPEN IT" plastic cutter. Best $14.99 I ever spent for opening those dang hard plastic wrappings. 8-)
"So that's a big thumbs up for the measure king....no idea if it actually measures accurately..."
You just made a huge mistake - measure king got sonic measure function and the laser is only a pointer. DID you check if all the measure functions work correctly? You just gave it a huge thumb up but you should get a thumb down for this video.
These Arc Lighters aren't special every other person had one in 2016/17
How can you give a big thumbs up to the Measure King without even checking if it measures accurately?
@ 6:40 ish when you say "there is no sonic measuring" - are you sure? if the laser if just a guide then it might not actually be the laser measuring.
The igniter has potential to be a taser, donít you think? ??
Wow you're still on Youtube lol. I've been watching since your laser videos. Glad to have you back
Great job!
Hey doofus it does measure with sound (sonic).
Wow you guys are idiots, it is an ultrasound distance measurement, with a laser guide exactly as it says... A laser measurement would be better but more expensive.
Haha YES its been so long since I've watched your awesome videos! Keep it up man!!
hey look, after like 6 years I found your channel again, last time I watched you was when I was like 7
The boomcube is a furry eradicate all furries
Dude, the antenna one is just a duh moment. It was the same way with rabbit ears 35 years ago, it's just more finicky (and more dependent on what digital carriers are broadcasting over the air in your area) due to the much higher bandwidth requirements of digital.
Where is flex tape!
Who takes ?? anymore
For best results, get subscribers that hit the like button.
Regarding the Measure King. The laser light is just a laser pointer so that you can see what you are measuring at the other end. The actual measurement is done using an ultrasonic transceiver in the hole above the laser emitter. There are actual laser range finders but they cost a bit more and are more accurate.
Am I high or does this guy sound like an older Kermit the frog
bought the tac lighter ,used it a few times and it worked ,one day went to use it and it didnt work a small spring had fell out and the pieces that do the spark and been wobbling all over the place ,had to repair it,,it works agian but cant fully push the top of the lighter up
I think having one of those HD TV antennae- but not specifically this brand - is good to have in case your provider signal goes down, for emergencies. Even pair it with some type of battery backup and efficient tv so you can check the news in case of power outage/cellphone signal loss.
Need to check accuracy on measure king
I feel like the magnifier has some potential outside of its intended purpose tbh. Maybe not out and about but definitely in a workshop or something. ??
thanks, that was great..
There is "ultrasonic sound" distance measurement. It works reasonable well if there are no obstacles and when you have surfaces which are good sound reflectors like walls. The Laser is just a "guide" where most of the sound energy will focus, it does not measure distances.
are you kidding an F-ing stun gun!!!!!!!!!!! O its a lighter ....and my brass knuckles is a belt buckle and this kitty cat EYE GOUGER is a key chain
yes there is sonic !!!! I have it right here ...read the directions carefully you point it and say eeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeep
Why are you sending that cute lil chocolate ice cream emoji guy .for stinkers ....that's the one I send to all the cute girls that I like .... I know it might be pudding ..still sweet either way....
Was the measure king accurate?
Very helpful. Thanks :)
HD antenna using a coaxial cable ....didn't know you could get 1080p through the coax input of your TV.....??
that tape would be good if it had MM instead of CM
I sure am glad I unsubbed several years ago. This guy is still just as lazy and stupid.
I wonder why do all these cheap gadgets have packaging 10 times bigger than them selves.
do you not have a pop filter
well you're wrong about the sonic measurement, ever heard of sonar? and the laser says it is a guide, so your "laser measurement" was actually likely just a hypersonic ping (at a frequency that you can't hear) and then it just times the echo...
The tac lighter is literally a small arc taser
You measured the circumference of Tor Johnson's head, not the diameter :) :)
HD antennae... lmao I mean yeah it can pickup HD channels but, so could Anything you plug into that antennae slot, you could get similar results with a coat hanger LMAO
His IdK what Sonic measurement means therefore it doesn't exist is kinda Short sighted... It sounds like it uses the Ultrasound frequencies
The most important issue with any measuring device is the accuracy of the measurements. Thumbs down for just playing with the measuring tape and not confirming whether it is accurate or not.
The laser is just to guide the sonic measuring. since you can't see sound, ya gotta point the lazorz at it. Hope that cleared something up!
I thought the lighter was a vape pen
It looks like the laser just points at the object that you are measuring the distance to, but that is just a visual guide to point at where the ultrasonic waves are aimed for measurement.
theres no measurement by sound? Damn those engineers and scientists who made us believe that Sonar in submarines actually do that.
?????? ???????
it is kool that you make these kind of videos. but the comments that you make about these products and the sarcasm in your voice makes you sound like a hater, and very non professional. I mean some of these items may not be good for you or anyone at all but no one is forcing anyone to buy these products. I mean what it comes down to is there making money. even you had to pay for all the products that most of us wouldn't buy.
The laser does not do the measurment. It is just a pointer for an ultrasonic distance measurement. That measurment is not acurate as the sound can bounce off uneven surfaces and cause it to be useless. Also as there is no reference surface on that tape you get a distance, but where is it to on the body?
that extension cord looks like is about to go boom any moment
They mean ultrasonic
Only stinker here is your lame a$$ iphone. Get a real phone Pixel 2XL!!!
The antenna is good if you're on a boat and can actually point it to known broadcast towers. Works well for me.
the Measure King's sonic measurement is with the laser. The laser is to aim it, and it measures distance by how long it takes the sound waves to bounce off an object and come back, we have a similar device in my physics class.
Promoting chinese goods. PRC is proud of you and is granting you two free plastic toys.
Your intro music thing is pretty much like how it is made show
Wow! I grew up with you, didn't know you were active!
Great Video
Wow, if my window had scenery like that I wouldn't be watching tv.. Beautiful...
- yo bro sonic measurement is real and is cheaper, lasr is actualy a marketing buzz word and exist only on more expensive tools
You sure that Measure King has a laser, itís infra red surely!
the laser points at the target to be measured and the measurement is made sonicly
Every digital antenna gets signal from towers at different distances. Mine picks up with 50 mile range. I have no problems.
Something I didn't see but expected, tactical sparked (forgive the pun I couldn't pass it by) by my own poor vision. That was that the screen magnatier used a prismatic sheet but didn't seem to make rainbows all over. I'm wondering if these so to call booksheet magnifiers would any better just the same. I think I might have one if so I will put it up.
Measure King IS sonic! The laser is used just as an alignment device.
You don't wanna spend "an arm and a leg" on a new iPhone!? What's wrong with you? lol
The tactical lighter is a stinker, bought on but after a month of use for cigarettes the thing started to fall apart and it arcs to random spots in the lighter and melts itself
How you give the Measure King a superrating, without testing the accuracy, I really like that device, but I still don't know if it works
Dolphins and bats can tell you about sonic measuring.
The sonic measurement is how it measures the distance of the object you point the laser at. The laser is just so you can see what the "sonic" echo sounder is pointed at.
This video reminds me of 2010
beck
It really is sonic. The cheapest way to measure distance. That laser is just there because...
B O O M cube
don't houses have antenna's?
Use a can opener on those packages instead of scissors Iíve heard it works better
The laser is just to know where you are pointing. The actual measurement is done with high frequency sonic and measures the return time.
Been so long since Iíve watched kipkay, still quality content and blowing up. Good stuff ????
Beck VEVO will be sending you a letter for that song lol
One, iPhone is thee worst cheaply made, overly priced, worst camera. Cracks easily. Anyone can afford s8+ or s9?? or note 8 or 9.. iPhone music is worst speaker.
Great song choice for the boom cube!
Why devices aren't using 18650 batteries has got me.
The tape measure is perhaps the most useful .. depending on how accurate it is and how well it's made that is
The measure king is in fact using sonic technology to measure the distance, the laser is merely a guide to line up the device.
Nice to see ur back
the piezo battery lighters are great for lighting candles that are deep inside the candle holder, where a standard size lighter won't reach. Before getting the piezo battery lighter, I had purchased numerous brands of the long neck butane lighters --- they were ALL junk. You would have to press the button over and over again to get it to light and they break after only a few uses.
I wouldnít mind one of those lighters for camping and the measuring tapes
But what if its so bad, IT'S A SUPER STINKER!
does this guy realise that the laser is just a guide for the sonic measurement, its funny to me how he thinks that because he cant hear it that there is no sonic measurement just because has no clue how it works
I swear I have seen the same review on another channel
I had to stop this video almost instantly due tooooo the voice my god
Just because you are out of range is not the fault of the antenna! Did you get even one channel in clearly? Then it works. The tape measure is probably made so cheaply it will break on only a few uses, and is probable less accurate than most measures of higher quality.
Boy sounds like Kermit the frog????
Teen wolf?
for the boom vube you need to have you phone on charge for it to work better. oh wait you got an iphone :0 crack out the dongle
Aw man I remember those cards I collected those when I was a kid! The All Star Monster Baseball Team!
the fact it was BECK on the boom cube, is a yes
The tactical light is basically a taser
They are a POS!! I fell for it
there is no laser mode, it is sound mode, laser is just a guide.
6:13 Im starting to hear kermit in his voice
The measure king uses sound waves to have an approximation of the distance from the device to a surface, similar to how we use sonar to graph how deep a body of water is, it projects a sound, waits for the waves to go back, divide the time it took by two and there you have it, the laser is just a guide. Therefore the acoustics of the room may change the reading of the measurement, to which degree, I don't quite know.
That tac lighter is huge those kinds of lighters are everywhere and they are the size of a normal lighter smh
You didn't show the accuracy of the measure
the tape measure uses sound waves to measure, the laser is just a guide...
How accurate is the fancy tape measure. If it's off by an 1/8th or any amount, its worthless.
Glad that youíre back to posting, I remember watching your videos like 6 years ago and they were very enjoyable
It definitely uses sonic measurement. That's how all of the range finders work. They work pretty well too. The laser is just a guide as pointed out by a few others here.
The Measure King could never replace a tape measure for me. The cord mode is interesting, but lacks versatility of use. The sonic measurement and roller mode are both features that seem quite useful and ones that I'd like to see integrated into standard tape measures.
The sonic thing is how it measures. The laser is just a guide as it is clearly labeled "laser guide"
GREAT video Kip! Really enjoyed it! Later...
The measure king laser mode may in fact be a sonic mode with a laser depiction of the target point.
I had no idea Kip was still around!!! NICE!!
I strongly suspect that the "sonic" feature is actually working. It would be much cheaper to build an acoustic ranging device over an optical one. The laser is probably only an aiming aid.
The sonic is what does the measuring, the laser is what lets you see what you are pointing at.
you dont seem to have a lot of product knowledge and are misrepresenting the products because you dont understand them ,I got more information from the comments than from your video
Cara-bin-er?
Your phone is much louder than that Keeney coop thing and I love that track from beck by the way every last one of them were bringing horrible Mike literally the worst as seen on tv product of ever seen next to the shake Weight a course especially the lighter thing when you can just get a lighter and you don't even have to check it I'm more curious if I could shock someone with it I would be a multi tool you didn't really cool if you did a handful of a seen on tv products they're actually cool
The laser is just a guide for the sonic measurement. It doesn't really measure.
the measuring tape is not reliable at all and inaccurate.
hack the measure king
I thought this a BBQ...??
This guy sounds like ernie lol
iSheep ??
That hole above the laser is the sonic measurer that you mistaken as thinking was laser. The laser is for aiming only.
Please upgrade your camera and mic
If you lay your cellphone on a pkastic or paper bowl, where the corners are touching the sides if the inside of the bowl. This will deepen and project the sound toward thw USA eiling and thus fill the room. Try this. You already have the bowl...try it...pass it on
ultrasonic measurment exists (check parking sensors on cars).
boom cube might work better for movies then music.
Can you move to test the antenna properly please
into the trashcan it goes...
That magna vision lens makes an excellent fire starter in direct sunlight, It will even pop little pieces of sidewalk up from thermal shock!
The section above the lazer/Laser (Peephole no wot tit meenzz weadder it'z Speld wit door wittowt uzen ay essoor ayzeee) is the sonic actuator. Theater is only an alignment tool. The lazer/laser DOES NOT MEASURE ANYTHING do better research
your audio voice need to b modern..it seems like I am watching 19th century vedio
i.phone are for suckers super conned
Re. Measure King: It actually uses "sonic measurement" when you activate that laser. See, the laser is NOT actually doing the measurement; rather, the laser is simply being used as a visual pointer for YOU to see and target the object to which you are measuring distance. The Measure King device then fires an ultrasonic sound wave parallel to its little laser beam, and an electronic circuit times how long it takes for the ultrasonic sound wave to echo back. This is how it determines distance. Another name for this technology is "sonar". Sound familiar? (Excuse the bad pun!) With the sound being ultrasonic (frequency higher than 20 kHz), humans can't hear it, and the sound waves tend to have very little spread, making the targeted measurement fairly accurate. Hence the need for the laser pointer, so human eyeballs can help you precisely aim where the Measure King's sound waves are being directed. Long story short: The packaging is NOT lying or being misleading; you need to brush up on your physics before you criticize.
the fact that kipkay listens to beck...a man of quality
coax is not hd
IF YOU SPEED THIS UP X2 HE SOUNDS LIKE KERMIT
You're infact a garbage pail for destroying that garbage pail kid card.
Why would you destroy a garbage pail kids card?! Monster.
My dude Iíve been watching you since I was 14, Iím 23 now aha
Yeah those HD antennas are not worth it there was another version of it I tried I got nothing
You kinda sound like Kermit the frog ngl
Ay hey all
What case is that
Which iphone u're using in 2k18 ??
The head of Tor Johnson ...Wow....
It's the beast of Yucca Flats......LOL
sonic measurement is referring to the ultrasonic distance sensor. It's typically found in robots to determine the distance between it and the object next to it. You may know it better as SONAR.
He sounds like Kermit the frog trying to imitate a human being
Just saying since we're on the topic of as seen on TV, the tub shroom actually works, however, you need to clean it after (and sometimes during) every shower.
LOL That line at the end about moving or getting a longer cord made me laugh a bit more then it should =3
as a note on the measuring device: the "Sonic" measurement is how it measures distance, the laser is just to verify what you are pointing at and dosent measure anything so the "laser measurement" is the sonic measurement
this flimzy plastic piece of...... magnovision
You sound like Kermit
Consider getting a pop suppressor.
Thanks for taking the time to review those items, many people would appreciate that.
* uses tac lighter as a tazer *
Glad to see @kipkay posting again! ????
I missed you so much i thought you were gone!
I missed you so much I thought you we're gone.
There's no laser, it's sonic!
My eyes
My previous comment to this video has nothing to do with the validity of this video. The commented I had to leave was against Liberty Mutual. The previous comment that I made, made no sense due to censoring. Liberty Mutual is the worst insurance company you could ever use. Please do not uses this company, they will do everything they can to not pay. I have personal experience and if you do not believe me look up their reviews.
whats the id on that tune in the intro
This has nothing to do with a video that you're about to wyou that I'm gonna give you is on Liberty Mutual perion Liberty Mutual is the worst insurance company that you could ever buy. Buyers beware. They are just like any other insurance company and try not to pay out to any claim that is made. They take it to another level. They will literally hire other people and pay them money they try to keep you in limbo so getting something paid for.
Where has this dude been? He hasnt released a vid in like 5 years.
WC Field said, and I quote, " There is a sucker born every day ".
Better camera lighting and background please
The sonic measurement could be real... if you read it carefully the box states that the laser is just a laser guide. It makes a lot of sense if the gadget really uses sonic waves to measure the distance while the laser is just a guideline, targeting the object you are trying to measure... But Sonar measurement would be more accurate
The jokes on you, you bought all of it... and on me, I watched the video :D
The measure king is super inconsistent.
That Boom Cube thing would have been decent if it were bluetooth instead of using a 3.5 mm jack
were there any pop-filters as-seen-on-tv?
Well, bats and dolphins survive on sonic measurement, sonar too is a form of measuring distance through sound waves, you only need to know the speed of sound waves in the media you are using it in (for air we generally use a standard value of 340ms^-1 which refers to air at sea level under specific temperature and humidity), then you just need to measure the time it takes for the wave to be reflected and come back to the source s=(v*t)/2... Same as for the laser, except sound is extremely imprecise unless that thing also has a barometer, thermometer and hygrometer, plus a way to analyse the air composition as any minimal variation in the air will affect the speed of sound waves
Someone sends this man a properly sized screen protector
lol, needed a dongle for audio...
I'm glad your back kip I love your videos
It does not measure by laser. It measures by sonic. The laser is just for letting you know where you point the actual sonic measure device.
At 2:48 - extention cord dragged through swamp then set on fire before use here. ...glad it still works! Enjoyed the vid
Maybe the ìsonicî part measures decibels???
How can a technology guy not understand they're using ultrasonics to measure the distance and the laser is just an alignment aid?
Measure king. Bet they meant the measurement was quick like Sonic.
Thank you for this video! A lot of scams out there and videos like this help people not to fall for them
lets spray water over this arc of electricity then hold it in our bare hands......seems legit. great advice :)
Gud vid bro
Measure King accuracy tests, anyone? I'd really love to see if it actually does measure up.
Mesure king is inaccurate
The tv thing does not work in the uk
Btw that style of lighter is super handy and awesome. however the one you bought looks terrible compared to the much cheaper versions. they make ones that are the same size of normal lighters with dual arcs for better lighting. they run you about $6. Side note they make a fairly loud and high pitch noise that is super irritating but you only have to put up with it for a few seconds
iPhone-were gonna remove the headphone jack just so we can sell you a sperate adapter
The measure king you and ultrasonic sensor to measure the distance the laser was just telling you where was pointing at they werenít lying it was he using sonic technology to measure
The HD antenna thing is misleading because all antenna's will come in HD. The best one's you plug in the wall to amplify the signal.
Re: Measure King..... Just update that iPhone 8 to iOS 12, and use the handy measurement app. All snark aside, that lighter does look pretty cool.
Would have liked to see the measure king compared to a real tape measure for accuracy
wtf is a "Cara-Biner"? its actually pronounce [kar-uh-bee-ner].
Recommend watching this 1.25 or 1.5x the speed. He talks really slow otherwise.
Man i was here when i was in elementry school... 9 years ago. Im happy for you kipkay hahah, i remember those laser videos and such
Have I been saying tiny and carabiner wrong all this time? Geez, thanks. Edit: Memor? . . . Memor? Commence instant rage, pointing and shouting profanities at this guy while getting pulled out of the room by strangers.
Yeah try to ignite those lighter inside a pool ??
Hd antennas work great in the city btw.
I donít know but his voice is annoying af
i highly recommend the flameless tactical lighter. i own one and its really useful not having to refill my lighters with lighter fluid. Also, it works as a self defense weapon since you can taze people
That is one grody extension cord.
Were u been?
No wonder there are micro plastic in almost all salt on the planet now..
I had one of them screens for my gameboy
The laser doesn't measure it just is a guide for the radar or sonic measure
So went you go to light your cigarettes and/or joints and you put it up to your face and are a little drunk too and you miss your cigarette and it touches your face will you then be tasing yourself ? Well if you get into a bar fight you can tase your enemy !!! Hey ! You live in Florida..Kool Love the sarcasm...
Magna vision looks good .
The antenna worked as advertised if the directions are followed!
Yeet
Kipkay is back?
TACLIGHTER from Bell + Howell seems to be the one only that worked? Rest garbage.
Did you say furry! Fuking triggered dude. Real nice.
Subscribed!
I thought he retired probably on a prolonged break. Bin watching you on n off for years good to see u back.
Your voice sounds like Kermit the Frog
Woah you went down hill
I'm a little surprised you picked pink with cheetah print for your boom cube
it uses the sonic measurement to measure the distance, The laser is just a guide for it.
So a taser
I remember Kipkay before all the fame... now, dog porn. sweet. lol
I didn't know kipkay still made videos. Good for you, kipkay.
I gave the tac lighter to my brother inlaw it was a zippo lighter type
my dad has one of those lighters but its way smaller
that looks like my dog betty
I love it Kipkay very nice upload so more video what want to see more
IPhone sux
5:39 I knew you would be wrong. circumference; perimeter. Not diameter.
What am I doing with my life
"if you put BOOM in front of something, it must be BADASS
8:30 name of the produk?
Mein Durchfall flieﬂt wie ein Fluss!
Clear vision must be from the same people that made clear tv They look the same
The sonic measuring is referring to the ultrasonic waves that it creates to measure distance when you use the laser. The laser does nothing in terms of measuring and is only used as a guide.
Good video
circumference of the guys head was measured, not the diameter.
I swear kipkay has been making these videos for way too long
You get the same channels with a paper clip pushed into coax input I swear
This video was made by the makers of measure king
I think the measure thing's laser use for guiding the target
Your puppy is so prettyyyyyyy
I grew up off this channel.
Sonic measurement is the laser. I believe it uses sound to measure stuff. Someone had a video on this exact measuring tape and explained what it was.
nice waterfront home in Florida!
Very cool. Thanks for the test. Where can I get that ruler.
Sonic Measurement is the laser; the laser just guides you to show what you are pointing the sonar at.
Hey dude you must keep doing those videos they are amusing and you are going to straight to the point to explain the cap abilities of those devices I really enjoyed your video
Sonic Measurement is the laser; the laser just guides you to show what you are pointing the sonar at.
Hi
Exactly what YouTube has become. Iím out
You sound like Ernie off Sesame Street ??
You never checked the accuracy of the Measure King. I think we would all be interested in the outcome.
From building things with stuff you had laying around to reviewing as seen on ?? products what's next cooking with Kip?
I don't get the electric lighter. Instead of butange you have a battery which will last about the same time or less than the butane. Now if the lighter was solar where it charged from the sun and stored that in a little battery then we have something a little bit better.
the sonic measurement is the laser lol it works with the apparatus above it to calculate distance based on sound and reflection
Good call on the Beck ??
Kermit the frog reviews: AS SEEN ON TV PRODUCTS!!!
A bus is an automobile.
As seen on TV. Don't expect your tape measure to have a conversation with you, I'm no genius but a guess is its referring to ultrasonic sound waves the lazer will use to bounce off the wall.. The same way a flying bat may
Thank you ! Great job
What iphone is that
i could see the measure thing working fairly well for going around corners ONLY if your concerned about inches, but anything more precise i have serious doubts. i used digital tapes before and they are never accurate in details inside an inch . from what he showed while reviewing it, or more to the point, what he didnt show, i suspect they are just as sketchy.
Well.. the laser mode in the measuring device is using ultrasound waves (or ultrasonic) that you can't hear, same as sonar principle, and the laser is just for pointing. That's why it's called sonic measurement
Desables is a measurement of sound
Kip must've just got outa Prison. Kip's next Vid: How to Hack an Ankle Monitor
the electric lighter is actually a really cool device (I own one) BUT DO NOT TRY TO LIGHT A METAL SPARKLER STICK WITH IT OR YOU WILL BE REMINDED THAT IT IS AN ELECTRIC LIGHTER
Omg kipkay is still around?
compares a 15$ sound cube to a 1000$ phone
I definitely like the tape measure one.... But I but I wonder how accurate it would be.
Beck!
Tak lighter is a tazor sign me up
I guess this ultra sonic sensors I connect to my arduino are a complete lie :/
I see why you have so many followers! Thank you for a channel. That gives awesome information Ann no politics! THAN YOU THANK YOU THANK YOU!
on the measure King (and other tape measures like it) I've heard the laser is just for show (to give you reference to where you're pointing at) that actually does put out a sound (that we can't hear) that bounces back and that's how it gets its measurement, kind of like a bat I guess
What a legend.
Que onda guero?
Not upgrading your phone isnt a bad. If I had to use a phone I would use my galaxy s three. If you are wondering I am writing this on my samsung tablet 2. I dont 5hink I will ever want to upgrade because it is such a good tablet.
did anybody explain kipkay about sonic measurement?
As far as that Boom Cube goes, you should take into account the fact that most people who would buy that $15 speaker are also the same people that will not have an $800 phone available. They probably have a budget phone and that cube probably sounds a lot better than their phone speaker.
the tape sonic mode just means lazer look at package on amazon to see
Comments are 90% it measures by soundwaves 5% why would you buy this 5% I bought that
I don't know why you gave the antenna a bad review.  Most people live within 35 miles of a broadcast tower.  Just because you don't isn't the products fault.  My experience with as seen on tv products tells me there are probably better quality antenna's a person can buy. These products usually don't work as advertised, are a piece of junk or work good for a little while but them stop working completely.  Bell and Howard's are the worst.
I like the tape
That how it's made intro hahahaha
Hmmm...boim cube? More like the stuff they were giving away a few years back in the serbian elections...and it was weak as hell...
3:40 sounds exactly like my headphones
I remember his Satellite Dish Hacks, Where he got over a hundred of digital channels!
So glad you're back kipkay. I have to ask man, where were you these past 8 months? I was afraid you were gone forever
The last time I watched kipkay was back in 2009.
' how come america company dont make it any AS SEEN ON TV
9:44 Signal seems pretty clear to me
"Sonic measurement" really uses ultrasonic waves to measure the distance, like a bat. The laser is just for pinpointing the reference point. The measurement is NOT made by the laser.
Nice new intro, sir!
I just thought of a good insult. Just call somebody the name of a crappy as seen on tv product.
5:38 it's actually the circumference, not diameter.
Kipkay is back!
Having worked construction for years, and used a tape measure hundreds of thousands of times. I donít think that measure king is really that useful. Itís of a tool that we like to call a ìhomeownersî. Itís not a real tool itís kind of gimmicky and would be fine to a normal person that doesnít do too much construction.
5:34 time to go for measure
3:13 itís alive ??
Haven't seen you around for a while. Welcome back
6:58 perfect detonator
That measuring device very likely is sonic. I have used sonic level and measuring devices. Laser on it is only for the purpose of knowing the spot that you are measuring from.
ìhard smoker COUGH household hacker COUGHî
Guess Iím dumb cuz I spent 1000
I cant believe how many people get suckered into buying a t.v. antenna every time it gets a new name. Yes its free t.v., the t.v. antenna has been arou d since the dawn of television it isn't new. Its even gotten my mother in law..... twice.... 2 different types.................twice
That extension cord screams fire hazard. And 1980/90s
I like the tape. Milwaukee makes a similar one, but has a magnetic tip. The one you reviewed probably costs a lot less, but most Chinese knockoffs are crap anyway. The ignighter looks like sometyhing to add to a bbq kit for lighting a charcoal grill.
you big skinky
The Measure King does use sonic measurement. The ultrasonic transducer is obvious. The laser simply indicates the target surface and has nothing to do with measurements. Are you sure that you have enough knowledge to be testing and rating these products?
The laser is just a pointer. It actually measures the distance with sound waves. Its actually how the first cameras with auto focus worked.
MagnaVision...I'm getting a headache just thinking about it.
Did you really need to explain how to charge something
good vid slow clap
I'm not allowed to watch t.v on Sunday morning anymore..
Boom cube is okay i have 3 of them
Please don't burn garbage pail kids!!!!
1:29 ??????
that is one amazing salesman's voice . probably an ex-salesman himself long time ago .
my man really forgot that ultrasound exists :(
the measure king, unless you're measuring a round object, the lazer function makes everything else redundant
The "Sonic" part of the MeasureKing IS how it measures. It sends out a ultrasonic signal (like a bat) and measures how long it takes to come back. The laser is so you know WHERE its measuring from! ;)
Lil speaker
Holy fuck it's kipkay! I forgot about your channel man!
i thought coax was as dead as my grandmother.
awesome video thanks !! i want the tape measure now . also, when you open ur blinds it looks like the Boca Raton inter-coastal . am i right ?
can you be my dad thanks
The lighter is garbage. The friggin idiots made it using plastic around the ignition source. Because nothin spells intelligent like designing a fire source out of cheap plastic!
Urrrrrrr backkkkkkkkkkkk!!!!!!!!!!!!! I ?? ????????????????????????????????
Now this is the real kip kay
if you have ever used the measure king u would throw in the trash awsome wway to get sued by an employer as in it never measures the same distance twice
The measure king is an ultrasound mesuring device ..The laser is only there to point the direction of what is being measured ..
I watch a lot of Freakin' Reviews and Vivian Tries and this popped up on my main page as a recommended video. Hope that helps you see how some people get here!
Wall E would approve of that first one
Pipsqueek lol
Glad youíre back kipkay
ohmygod i remember watching your videos YEARS ago. Glad to see you back :)
This seems like a copy of household hackers seen on TV reviews
One of the OG's!!! I remember when I used to binge watch your videos when I was 10
READ the measure king package, it said LASER GUIDED, the laser is only to guide, the sensor above it, is actually doing the measuring which is done with sonic (radar)
He's back!!
M
I tried a few different types of antennas. You know which one worked best? The wire I bent into a squared off figure 8. One end inside the coaxial cable, the other end on the outside of the cable. But... If you have hills or mountains between your antenna and the broadcast transmitter, you're screwed. Otherwise stay with the wire i described. These other antennas you buy only stop working in a few days, if that long.
4:08 more like a boob cube.
Wonít spend $1000 on a phone, but burned Ipadís and Iphoneís like itís nothing
beck lmao
NOW THIS IS THE REAL KIP KAY!
Heís backkkkkkkk yessss
Magna vision I had decades ago on my Game boy.
1:10 lol
smart subjects.
If you look on the packaging is says laser guide and sonic measurement so the laser is to guide you and it measures with the sonic emitter and reciver.
There IS a sonic measurement, and is cheaper and very unreliable. The laser there is just a cheap one for pointing.
Your upload schedule and content has gotten so weird.
Wtf 1:29 hahahahhahahahahah
Stop copying ashens
the boom tube must be destroyed every single one of them and if possable the asshole that thought of it.
Glad I saw that the TV gadget is useless. Planning to buy it but changed my mind.
Hey ur still alive! :))
Lol, I had a boom cube a few years ago for a speaker less mp3 player
Its shows only a pic in lidl
What good is a lighter you have to charge when the power goes out.
Da fuck is with all this packaging these days??? Every time I'm walking by the ASOTV section at the store, there's 4 times more packaging than the product needs. Ya'll seen that old psa in school? "The wrapper, the wrapper, don't let the wrapper fool you, uh huh, uh huh." Shit's getting worse, no wonder there are islands of plastic floating in the Pacific.
Yo watup
The measurement is ultrasonic, that's why you don't hear.
This is the first real ressurgance of viewers I've seen on a video of yours in a long while. Ive been subbed for a few years and this is the only video ive seen in a while that's gotten close to half a million views
I though this guy was dead. But it's nice to see one of the OG's youtubers is back
Household hacker wanna be
Im early somehow. Thank you recommendations.
I remember back in days of Metacafe before coming to youtube when you were great. over the last, long while it has gone down the hole. I hope to see you get back to your old ways.
My guy Kipkay is still in this bitch doing views. I watched him when I was 9
would that tac lighter work as a tazer also probably give you a good burn
U should stop uploading
Last name Kipp yes boy
Haha a prison lighter
That speaker would be considered as a dollar store item lol, the quality is so bad and it just looks awful! The setup is bad and they didn't even try when designing it. If only I could I'd take it down from stores and slap the guy/gal who made it
At 6:19 the measure king uses ultrasonic measurement, not laser, the laser is just a reference for you to know what it's measuring. A true laser inferometer would be very expensive and bulky.
That magnifier certainly is a joke. I remember back in the late 70's they had one for your living room TV set. That was when big screen TV's were new technology and quite expensive. So they had this Fresnel lens you stuck in front of your 19" TV to give you a bigger screen. What a joke that was. But I figured that "tape" measure and spark lighter might be something that works.
how can i stretch this video to 10 minutes?.. oh i know! spend unnecessary time unboxing the product
hello about the antenna @9:00 do you think it can improve the reception of the channels i already see?
suggesting the cigar style electric lighter, pins on a side, for easier lighting.
Then get a android
3:48 Put your phone in a glass or metal cup. Plastic doesn't work as well because it absorbs.
I'd like the lighter if it was a Lil cheaper
Hello Read more
WHERE HAVE YOU BEEN
I bought the HD antenna and had to move the TV in the garden
i havent watched KipKay sense his laser flash light video yeeeaarrsss ago but man i knew that voice the second i heard it. Long time no see ??
You misjudged all these. They all suck pretty bad.
Thatís not an iPhone 8
What's with the companies putting the apostrophe AFTER "lil"? It's not a liltle, it's a little. The apostrophe goes here - Li'l.
Teri phan ni
The thing you called laser measurement is just a guide to wrere is the sonic measurer pointing. It's right on the package.
UPLOAD MORE FREQUENTLY MANE
Thanks for the video Great job
I just can't believe Americans are still working in fractions, you did, when you were five years old and then the rest of the world grew up.
Your videos are too few in between
Yep, it is sonic. That presents some issues since a surface irregularity in-between the device and the object you wish to measure can result in false readings.
sonic measurement hahaha
that make a good taser
WHERE U BEEN FOR SO LONG TOTAL FORGET KIPKAY
Tac lighter is just a big V A P E looking T H I C C taser
Kipkay please buy a bland new clean extension cord with the money you make off this video
A Samsung galaxy is also an igniter
Forgot Kipkay existed
where the heck has this guy been for the last 6 years??
It measures by ultrasonic, the laser just gives you a point to aim at - packaging even says its a laser guide...
Nobody cares if you donít have the latest iPhone. You sound like everyone else on YouTube cept lamer.
why does it look like you copied a channel
ìFool proof shop lifting packagingî? I think any kid w/ a straight-razor in palm can get to it :)
iPhones are stinkers
iím either going to have to move or get a really long cable. best line
You should destroy all the stinker gadgets with a hammer or something.
Welcome back
Tor Johnson star of Plan 9 From Outer Space LOL
Dude, back off the microphone a little.
Dude the sonic measurement is being made when you point the laser. The laser is just for aim purposes; otherwise, you wouldn't know what the measure king was giving you a measure of.
#householdhackerdiditfirst :)
Please do more as seen on TV gadget testing. I trust your judgement
Why didn't you check the measure king with a real tape measure but I enjoyed the video
Samsung has dolby atmos so try the speaker with a s9 please I wanna see the difference with Dolby atmos
But you always have great content for years!!
You didn't check the Measure King for accuracy and my Bell and Howell Tac Lighter didn't work for long even though it was fully charged.
The laser isn't what measures...the laser aims the Sonic measurement.
ahhh remember the days of make magazine weekend projects... Good days
Lol funniest video yet
I could sit for hours watching your cute little pup licking that toy.
Care-a-beener
kipkay now reviewing stuff from 2005
B-Tech Household Hacker
7 months later
Extension cord has seen better days..... looks like its been chewed my a miniature dog ;O) agree about the iphone comment...sheeple will be sheeple tho..
Annoying voice Iíd like to stick his thumb up his rear
Those hd antennas are a joke....all of them!
Household hacker imitation
This could be a good series. Make more of this in your future videos!
Sonic sound is sonar like technology. The laser is just a guide to see where u aiming at. Tape measure
Finally back after 7 months
this would be a cool series.
My misses has a box with pink bits and fur around it.
Beck, yess
People always say I donít wanna spend $1000 on a phone but itís not just a phone nowadays itís everything now!!!!
Ive always wanted to make his laser lighter
This guy is like mythbuster and how its made combined
Kinda feel like he's copying house hold hacker
10101001
Is his cat still alive? I forgot everything about kipkay.
This guy made my childhood.
I kept hearing something that sounded like morse code from the music
Measuring tape actually does use sound that uses ultrasonic sounds that sends sound at a frequency we're not able to hear toward the object and then wait until it bounces back and using a calculation to tell from how long it took it to go all the way there and bounce back to tell you how far away what you're measuring is
It is sonic, the laser is just the guide. Seems to use the same basic idea as a Infrared Thermometer. Point the laser at what you want to analyze/measure.
The laser wont measure the length of impact, its the sonic measurement
I have a boom cube!
Any viewer, serious about their Clear Vision HD, would've moved within 35 miles radius of the broadcasting antenna, immediately!
This guy still exists? Wtf
It has Sonic measurement. It just uses the laser for a guide then uses the Sonic to got the measurement.
The measure king uses something called ultrasonic sound measurement, it uses sound to measure the distance, so the laser is just a guide, therefore the ultrasonic speaker is the real measurement device, the laser is only a guide to help the user.
Re: The Measure King. The package says "Sonic Measure" and "Laser Guide" . GUIDE! The laser shows you where the sonic measure is hitting.
Iíve been watching your channel for like 6 years way before I had a yt
Hey Kipkay, I love your DIY videos very very much in the past and right now, also I'm sorry to hear your cat tux, because she was a cute cat to your videos hopefully domino will be a troubleshooter like tux so keep up the good work kipkay, keep doing awesome DIY videos ??
I have two of those HD antennas they work great at my apt..
5:34 AAAAAAAHHHHHHH!!!! ??????????????
Da Booooommmeer!
Sonic Measurement means the Laser thing. The Laser is only a guide where you pointing at but it is measuring by Sonic.
Thank you for taking from your time to review the products!
I don't know why I'm so happy that Kipkay listens to Beck
its good to see you back !!!
Just a quick note the measure king is using ultra sonics to measure the distance the led/laser is just so that you can see what you are pointing at
9:43 who is that reporter
You're still making videos?
I want to keep my iphone 8 with me forever!
Where have you been ? Its good to see back
Missed you Kipkay. Hope you're doing well and you hack these to be better.
Actually the sonic is the laser measurement, the laser just a guide for you to know where the end of your measurement
Is this the house hold hacker?
Do you take apart iPhones?
Portable electric lighters have been around for two years or more.
It probably said sonic measurement because since it's cheap, it probably uses ultrasonic to measure instead of an actual laser. The laser is there just as a guide.
Finally someone makes sense of TV products! I dont buy anything from tv
Hi
Whooo Heís Back!
What was with this 7 month hiatus?
Nice vids, see you next year!
Welcome back Kip!
Let's gooo! He's back! ????
Kipkay posts a new video. WHAT YEAR IS IT!!!!
The Clear Vision HD is just a glorified TV antenna. You're just going to get local stations, and all TV stations are digital anyways.
Why the hell would an OTA antenna be anything new and exciting needing to be considered an as seen on tv product?
legit said ìyo kipkay is alive?î
welcome back kip
HE IS BACK
7 months no posts, comes back like a king
It uses sonic sound to measure when the laser is on. The laser is just so you can see where you are actually pointing the device. It uses ultra sonic sound which most people can't hear.
flex tape?
Did you actually check the "Measure King" against a ruler or tape measure? I'm betting it's inaccurate.
Tyutfggyyhggghhgg Like if you agree
Nice view
I was here October 17
Manet the ment fast when they said sonic
Wow, this man is still alive?
Good to see you back KipKay
God Kipkay, its been so many years since I last saw your super chill video. Glad you're still here man.
Isn't the clear vision illegal?
Sonic measure uses sound wit the laser. The laser tells you exactly where the sound is reflecting from.
Kipkay is back baby!
Where have you been? Thanks for uploading! :D
he kipkay your back?
Why is this in my recommended
Bruh i used to wach u when i was 5 lol
FYI sonic measurement is the technology used for the laser measurement ! the laser is just a guide what makes it work is the ultrasonic
Wow what a video I canít contain myself
KIPKAY= THE ORIGINAL HACKMASTER
Kip! Yeah! Seems like forever since weíve seen your videos! Glad this was in my recommended list! I had to go and check your channel to make sure there wasnít anything I maybe could have missed lately but nope, itís just been a bit. Anyway, i tapped that bell icon thingy for good measure and a chance to see more of my favorite kipkay content! From seeing out your window, it looks like you might be dealing with hurricane weather. Hope all is good and safe in your world!
Who the hell is tor Johnson LOL
I believe the laser is just for easier pointing. The sonic transducer is doing it's thing perhaps. Do you hear any clicking noises from it while measuring with the laser method?
Glad to see you back
I think the boom cube, and similar small speakers, are meant for MP3 file holder devices that have to be plugged into something (even if they claim itís for a smart phone).
ìPlanes, Trains, and Automobiles and Busesî was one of my favorite John Candy movies.
Did you test the accuracy of the measure king? Others have tested it and it failed. None of the measurements matched and were about 10% off a normal measuring tape.
Good video
Wow cool
I've been using OTA antennas for awhile the indoor type like the one you tested are hit or miss and have a lot of variables for them to work. Also it helps if you know where the towers are.
6:31 i think its one of those ultrasonic sensors. It actually measures distance through sound by producing high (i cant remember it was in a class lol) or low frequency sound and calculates on how long did it take for the sound to travel back to the sensor. Its usually used like a proximity sensor.
Nice Dongle
I remember watching your videos from over 5 years ago omg
I t is a sonic measure. The laser is just an aiming tool. it actually uses sound to measure...
HD antennas are great. And they have ones that get better range than 35 miles. You seem like a tech savvy guy, you should know that.
U sound like Kermit the frog
Is the measure king accurate? It may give you numbers but it's useless if the measurements aren't accurate.
Time travelling to 2005?
I miss Tux
HouseHoldHacker ripoff, anyone?
Everything about this video makes it seem like it was made in 2005
how does the tacktical lighter work underwater?????
Some of these look terrible.....who thinks of these ??
Amazing keep it up
On the tape measure king, it doesnít measure using the laser. It measures using the sound, it sends out a sound we canít head and waits for it to bounce back. The laser is just a guide to show you where exactly youíre measuring
Thought this was a household hacker vid xD
Great video, please do more.
pop filter missing? kinda sounds like it
this guy has to have a killer kermit impression
The measure King DOES have a sonic measurement mode. It is what you called the laser mode. The laser is simply a guide. It gets the distance using sonic waves. Light waves from the laser would be too hard to calculate on something like that.
You sound like Kermit the frog
Dear people who make things...it is spelled LI'L. It makes absolutely NO SENSE to put the apostrophe at the end!
Thanks for a CLEAR explanation for every product on your table even said how secure the product was and how hard it was to open. Also I like the fact that you cut out the charging time from your video
Man, your voice óóó- sounds like Max Headroom!
Your back
Could use a flat head to open the packages. That is if you know how.
5:56 did you actually double check the measurements with an normal measuring tape?
Well this is by far WAAAAYYY better then the last video I think the last video was disliked so much he removed it
boom cube is fugly.
Ok you never centred the mobile on the product and then you put it right up against it, so ofc it wouldn't of magnified it. If your gonna criticise a product, least do it the right way. I never watched on from there. i won't be watching any more of your videos as you were not impartial at any point in what i watched.
I forgot about you,nice to see you back
Oh me early
Slipknot eyeless intro for his intro lol
Remember when kipkay used to make things on his channel?
Very funny ??????
Kipkay is coming back
The laser on the measure king is so you know where it's pointing. I think it uses ultrasonic sound to determine the actual distance though.
itís been a while since i seen a kipkay video!
40%super 60% poops
3:50 hah a loud speaker wth no bass ,wth
you sound like kermit the frog
35 mile cable. Wow
Dislikes are from failed TV products
You're back again
Did anyone else see the measure king review by freakin reviews??? (James white)
He sounds sarcastic all the way through??
My boi kipkay is back, i'm so happy
I know nobody owns testing as seen on TV products can't be owned by anybody. But the title, wording, editing style, and thumbnail are all direct ripoffs of household hacker. Think you should at least give the man some credit if you're going to copy his videos
so... where were you?
They could be talking about ultrasonic for the measuring part
Wow your back
The king has returned
I've been wanting the measure king but I've seen reviews saying it is inaccurate. Did you test that?
I missed u
2:57 anyone else got ocd about the cord not being wrapped lok
That antenna works as well as the one I got from the dollar tree. Sadly I paid $30 for an RCA one at walmart and it works just the same as my cheap one.. Waste of money.
I'm more interested in your extension/power cord being burnt on top! Why would you use that in your video? Looks like you previously almost started a fire, some spark definitely came out! Maybe your next video can be "testing power cord" because heaven knows you need a new one ??
Well done video!
Anyone else think of only one thing to measure when he said round objects
??
5:35 WTF!?!?!? ????????
Song for boomcube??
I forgot this guy exsisted.
does this thing really work!
Oh hey there kipkay
Itís been a while but glad youíre back
There is sonic measurement on the Measure King - you showed it. The laser is just the aim for you to know the point to which the distance is being measured. Measurement itself is made with the ultrasonic device, which is shown on the box.
Welcome back kip!
just going to ignore the fact that he sounds like Kermit the frog
Is no one gonna question where Kipkay been for the past 7 months
So most of those had an easy pull off back on their plastic packaging also the zippo style of thoes arch lighters are at Ross for like 5 bucks
The tac lighter wasn't a surprise to me. Its just a taser with a much smaller voltage amount. Its not hard to replicate.
Intro song?
All of this stuff is the stuff you would find at the checkout
I believe the laser is just for visual purposes, it actually measures with Sonic frequency.
Welcome back good sir
Welcome back sir
Review Flex Tape.
Kipkay, where were you all this time? Also thank you for deleting that logo video. This is a better comeback.
The laser is just a guide for the users but the measure king uses sound waves that we canít hear to measure how far away the object youíre pointing the laser.
KBDproductions?
Oh my god, He's alive!
Youtube OG
i honestly haven't found a over the air antennae that could beat my my DIY grey hoverman antennae that i have in my attic ...
Kipkay youtube isnt dropin
Finally!
He posted!!!
The TV antenna I have has an amplifier built in which actually improves the signal very much.
Welcome back
we can actually measure distances with ultrasonic
Where u been man
Man thought u does been a while
Household Hacker copycat
Boomcube sounds way better than my jbl totally guys I recommend all ya to buy it you wonít be disappointed:)
Only Kipkay would cover a high voltage arc with water and then use it.
Household Hacker By the way(
The shorter the cable, the faster the charge I believe
Do not use the lighter when wet i got electrocuted
sonic measurement is when a burst of sound is sent out and it determines the distance based off of the delay it takes to bounce off of a surface and return to the source AKA Echo location. And the laser is there so you can see where you're pointed.
It have (sound) ultrasonic measurement, laser is only to help You aiming. BTW: ultrasonic measurement are terrible for any object that are uneven and bounce sound wave so You should be straight to object You measure, any angle will affect measurement. I have quite expensive but right now obsolete Bosch ultrasonic measure device, and after couple trials of know distance... i just understand how unreliable it is and why they move toward laser.
Mongolian Chop Squad
Haha Dongle Haha Ok I'll stop
I haven't heard from kipkay in years!
Youíre know what Kipkay? Iím genuinely glad youíre back. Iíve really missed you Man. I hope youíre doing well. Iíve followed you for a long time and youíre one of my favourite channels. Hereís to you ??
IPhone is trash
The "Sonic" refers to ultrasonic measurements, think echolocation. The Sonic emitter is located right above the laser which functions purely as a visual guide. As yet we don't have the technology in that form factor to determine distance at the speed of returning photons, but we can detect the return vibration of Sonic pulses.
Really thought it was household hacker
wow 7 months no vid lol
a much longer cable? hahaha, 35 miles coaxial cable xD
the last item was funny , either get a longer cable or move within 35 miles from the signal tower , WTF. ! ????
The sonic mesurement is the One with the laser, the light is only to point the target the time sound travel give the meter the mesurement
Measure King looks like something The King of Random would make.
.... that's literally house hold hacker...the thumbnail...and the starting and... just...-3-
oh wait you arenít household hacker... i ainít calling you out for copying whatever do whatever you want dude i support you
Whoa I havenít seen a kipkay video since like 2011!
#Kipkay it's a sonic measure only.... Laser is for user's guidance.... To see where he is pointing it...
Is the measure king accurate ? You didn't say the only reason for a tape measure is to be accurate
sonic measurement just measures fast like sonic?
The thumbnail gave me the idea that you found a Termite zapper.
Do more
He's back! Ah memories.
$15! For that boom cube! Wow
You sound like kermit the frog
The laser is just a guide the big circle above it is the ultra sonic sensor which sends sonic waves to something or an object and it travels back and thats how it measures a distance the laser just helps by letting you know what your pointing at.
?? It's been a loooooong dayyyyy, without you my friend??
Heyyyy, welcome back!!!
YOUR BACK!!!!
Fun viewing. The boom cube use to come as an FM radio with clock for 8.95 worked well for a knock around where you just wanted to hear news ot noise and you didn't care if it got messed up.
Been here since the days of Tux.
this guy got 20 channels on his antennae and i struggle to barely get 10.
Yeah most these HDTV antennas stink....been through a few....
HE LIVES
Heís back...
Kipkays back!? :O
Measure king sorry but the iPhone got a new measure app
Kip Kay's finally back yay
must be in florida
lil speaker yuh
Why haven't you mad a video in a long time
Been a long time
Household Hacker?
the laser is really ultrasonic sensor. Good to have you back.
IíVE MISSED THIS CHANNEL
I HAVEN'T SEEN THIS CHANNEL IN A FAT MINUTE
Wow.
That Magnavision device was in various Poundland stores in the UK a few years ago.
I FORGOT ABIUT THIS CHANNEL
Would have been nice to see the measurements using both tape measure and electronic to see if accurate
I love your voice! You low-key sound like Kermit the Frog.
Your house is situated in a gorgeous place
where is domino at
2:03 the boom cube is a stinker of you have an iPhone with no headphone jack??
jesus its been a while kipkay
On the measure King.. The Laser is just for a guide, the hole right about it emits a high pitched sound, and a small receiver picks that sound up
Oh wow youíre still alive.
i thought this was house hold hacker!!!
Does anyone else think he sounds like Kermit in some parts or is it just me?
Do a diy vape tutorial
6:29 the laser is just a guide for aiming the Ultra Sonic sensor. Hence the "Laser Guide" on the packaging. :/ So it's not missing any features
I miss when Kip used to do the Weekend Project videos for Make Magazine's channel.
Guaranteed the iPhone XS Max is way louder and better sounding than that cube thing.
Depending on where you are the antenna will be great or horrible
wait 15 dollars for the boom cube but it doesn't come pre-charged?
Youre literly copying everything houshold hacker does.
#bringbacktheoldkipkay
Anyone remember the metacafe days of kipkay?
Measure king does have sonic measure if I know right...it doesn't use laser to measure distance it just shows where it measures to...it uses sound still to measure
hey havent seen this guy in bit
Just get a 350Ä phone to film in 4k. Could you test masturbation devices for men?
Hi Kay, how about the electronics behind this things?
You're black
dude your BACK if you pin this i will be sooo happy
Thank god we are glad you're okay
KIPKAY!!! Welcome back dude!
Wtf this guy is still alive
This guy is still around?
7 months break and no hi where have i been? lol
It's called 'sonic measure' since it uses ultrasonic sensor to measure distance (like hc-sr04, laser is just for the guide to point at target. This is common misconception with measuring devices using laser pointers as a guide. Even in those non-contact thermometers laser pointer below the actual sensor is just used to point at targets (they use ir sensor to measure actual temperature).
What ever happened to the diy tech side of YouTube I remember watching Kipkay 5 years ago and would get so exited because of lasers
@kipkay Good one. I mean your pun, (Busses- Bust). I need to get a life... Hahahahaha
I will say that something that wasn't tested but shown in the intro, the boomtouch speaker, the black round speaker shown on the tv in the intro, does work as advertised and is a very neat and effective cheap speaker. But, the volume is louder when using the audio reception amplification rather than the. 3.5mm headphone jack.
Stolen from household hacker? Testing seen on TV gadgets, ok. Trying to make the same funny comments, cringe
I love the 3in1 ruler but why dont you test the correct of it? Maybe the result not correct because it is digital and digital is not 100% correct as real ruler, should compare between real ruler and this gadget
I bought it for 1$ in India
Tested? Lol. You didnít even compare the tape measurer with a normal one to make sure the readings are accurate hahahahaha, the lighter, you lit a candle lol, didnít even test it with anything else, like a fire or a bbq etc
6:58 is that a juul?
It's ultrasonic
$15.00 for a boo cube. I bought an 808 thump for $13.00 and is way louder, and produces pretty good bass for the price.
We can use the fresnel lens to burn stuff with the sun!
You should know, that the "Sonic measurement" is the ultrasonic measurement. It doesn't have cool sound. Phew...
The lighter. I bought one after about 100 uses the tips wear out and stop arcing. So dont buy it.
My gf picked up a little blue tooth speaker the size of that boom cube except hers is a cylinder but about the same size. I expected it to be junk but it actually had great sound and last about 8 hours at full volume. Only down fall is you cant type while using the speaker. U have to pause the music or video then type. Idk if it's a feature. But it can be annoying but for 20 bucks it's a great little speaker
<3
Good to see ya
Good to see u after a looooooooonngg time
Switch over to an Android phone bluh. Don't settle for less with a sheep iPhone
This guy is to nasally
But if you move you will save $100s a year....
Wooooow, kipkay got sassy since his last video! Like seeing your personality come out in the videos. Seems like you genuinely enjoy it more
There is a measurement by sound,You can even buy some Arduino ultra sonic measurement sensors online
On the lighter, as one of the evil smokers out there, I was disappointed. It's really hard to get a cigarette to the arc to light it. It's great for burning other stuff though. Welcome back, was pleasantly surprised to see a Kip Kay video in my feed.
Finally
Long time no see my friend
Hey make more videos
9:43 check out those channels! ??
I believe (and could be wrong) the laser on the tape measure is just meant to aim it. The measurement is being taken with sound. So the sonic measurement claim may be valid.
Your content's underrated. I've been watching your stuff for about 5 or 7 years now and not only have you made cool things/taught me about soldering and stuff, but your videos are entertaining as all hell. More!
Magna vision we used to put things like that on our gameboys back in the 1990s didn't work any better then than now apparently
Measure king is the most redundant thing I had ever seen in my life... -here's 3 ways of doing the same thing... Especially the wheel and normal tape measurement, why? Why not just roll OR use it as a normal tape measure? Seems redundant... And that Taclighter, why not just get a normal arc lighter that is 1/5 of the size and does the exact same stuff? it's needlessly over-sized for no reason
What was the diameter of Tor's head?
The measure king is using sonic measurement. The laser is simply a guide for the tool. It pings a sound, detects when that sound bounces back to the tool, then measures the time and converts that to distance.
Yeeeeeeeeeeettboiiiiiiiiiiii
The tape measure is not accurate
OMG KIPKAY!! I havenít seen a video from you in forever!!! Iím glad youíre ok!
@ 8:15 - "noooooooo!! Not stinking Steve" I remember my brother ripped my card because I told my mom he was playing donkey Kong when he ain't do his homework..
I would just like to clarify, no he's not copying household hacker he was doing this long before them but still there are hundreds of product review channels so please stop being so rude oh and It's great to have you back kip!
Omg Kipkay is still a thing!
Glad to see you posting again!
If you don't mind can you please make a video of what really happened to Tux the cat
You mean Circumference not Diameter.
the laser is just a visual guide for the sonic sensor above the laser
You should post more often
Copy cat
Been a subscriber ever since day one on kipkay. Love this YouTuber.
That's not a magnesium that's a ferro rod
youu aree backk yey
You still upload till this day thats cool
So you copying Household Hacker?
Did you check the accuracy of the measure device?
Great video! :]
Alright everyone will see you in 7 months again.
Check the accuracy of the measuring tool! I saw another video on it and it failed in all modes compared to a regular one, especially over some distance, even just 25 feet.
?? I have been subscribed for 9 years
Thanks for returning
We miss u! Come back!
09:42 best part of this video
Yooo what, this guy's still alive?!
You're alive!?!?
Thank you for the reviews on some of these As Seen On TV products, I'd questioned some of these products... would like to see you do more
The laser is for guiding the sonic measurement
He's not ??!
That news reporter was very hot though. @ 9:43
It's been a while
yeah now.. not previous post??
This channel has been around since 2006? I remember seeing you years ago. I feel like you should have at least 5 million subscribers.
Just stick your phone in a cup. And that measure King Is a tool that's made in China, plus my grandfather's measuring tape doesn't require batteries. I'd say no thank you.
You sounded like you were forced to make this video.
Oh you are alive. I still remember watching your laser videos and that cat when i was like 13 years old, i am almost 23 now Edit: fixed age.
You sound like Kermit the frog
Matthias did it 1st
I think that the "laser" mode in the measure king is an ultrasonic distance meter (like the parking sensor of a car) with a laser pointer for aiding the "aim"
You're definitley onto something here.
#householdhacker
Damn. I've been watching this channel since I was in middle school and I'm not too far from graduating college. Kip takes me way back ??
Yay! He's back
The measure king uses sonic not laser for the distance the laser is just a guide to see where its pointing at. to test this you could use a clear object like a window or something a laser guide would read past the window but the sonic would not
The problem is not you Kipkay, the problem is the internet has already done everything. There's just not much left to discover especially on YouTube. But the good news is, there's always the kittens playing piano. Meow meow. The unboxing was good it's nice to have this information. But you cannot test the antenna unless you were closer.
Brain, hand and eyes are the best portable gadgets in the world.
Hi dude
I subbed to your channel when I was a little kid for all the spying and fun projects you use to make but now you just do unboxings and stuff please do a diy or a neat project
Please just go back to Arduino videos....
Kip wtf happened to your videos I want more cheapy lighter laser burners not product reviews Edit: like so Kip can see!!!
Why ice cream smile ?
very cool Kipkay i love this video
The best product was the pair of scissors
The Sonic measurement did work. The laser is there so you know what the Sonic part is measuring up to.
Nice. Good to know.
Hey you stil life
Omg hes back
Thought you abandoned the Youtube platform. Where have you been? Thought you may of gotten a real job and not this Youtube stuff.
its likely the laser is just a pointer. the measurement is sonic, same as your cars. its much cheaper than measuring the laser. also others tried how accurate it was and it wasnt great
Ur backk
welcome back????
He's alive????????
Where you been?
Is this lowkey copying house hold hackers "as seen as TV" videos? Lol
Its been to long
Woot!!! Good stuff, keep it coming!
Woah hes back it's been so long
Mesure King is really cool!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 10/10 ??????????
Is that ur face or a mask ?
Your alive!
Welcome back!
This video giving me 2007 vibes
On the measure king, the sonic read is what you referred to as laser. Yeh, it shoots out a laser to point with, but the distance is most likely done by ultrasonic pulses in the same way sonar works.
My phone is better then your phone
I immediately bought the measure king during your video ! Thanks !
U r coping house hold hacker
Finally something better
It been a long time. Welcome back
So, did you move? :)
Great! Nice to see that Kipkay is back!
How the hell are ya, Kip? Long time no see.
Lol that cube is pimpin
LOL APPLE PEASANT
ur back
boom cube speaker is so small and the fatal flaw was mono aural, single speaker in layman's terms.
How can you not upload for 20 years and the come back with a video half the "tech" channels are doing?
where have you been?
after a long time...
Finnnnnnnaalllyyy!!!! A video
very entertaining channel in youtube big thumbs up for me.
I didnt even know this channel still existed
cool
Reading glasses? I would use it with my phone to make text messages larger. That is what I do with two different magnifying glasses.
If you wana upgrade to a better phone buy a Samsung !
Nice
Who de fook is dat guy
entertaining. would buy the lighter though
It wasn't a laser measure. It uses ultrasonic waves to measure the distance and the laser is just a guide so you know what your measuring
Better then your last one.
Happy to see u again.
Kipkay....i forgot you existed...
Wheel measurement feature on that tape measure was cool.
Do more of these kinds of videos
Great video kipkay! Been part of your audience for years!!
Could of at least tested how accurate the measurements measure King are giving.
really wonder why you dont just return back to DIY things...
Refreshing. I miss your videos.
Reminds me of Dr who electric screwdriver :)
You listen to beck?
kipkay lives !!!!!!!!!!!!!
Just here to drop my dislike
It is ultrasonic. The laser is just for aiming.
Yay you got a dog
7:46It looks like a Vape pen
go back to how you were :/
Yeah those lighters work to a point. Some items are difficult to ignite if larger than the distance between the contacts. Work like a taser, & will burn & shock Ur skin.
Alive!!!!
...yeah, I'm thinkin kip's back
You should post more often
Lil' Speaker is my favorite rapper.
MEASURE KING HAS A LASER GUIDE, IT MEASURES WITH SONIC CLICKS... LEARN TO READ
Dam i forgot I was subscribed to this channel??
Oh shi
Hey look Down here ??
HE IS BACK like if u had the same reaction
Wow kipkay is still around, I've been watching him since I was 10
It is sonic, that's how they measure the distance without the cord or roller. The laser is just for you to see where are you pointing, the measurement is actually taken by sound. It emits one sound, and then counts how much time has passed when it reaches the device
should have tested the measure king against a tape measure. i saw a review on another channel of that and they did test it and it wasn't very accurate, off by several inches sometimes when they measured the same distance with a normal tape measure
ur alive?
From their look and build quality I assume these products were designed in 90s and made in China, their production cost is about couple dollars or less.
I have a speaker as small as that it's loud with ok bass and it has Bluetooth
2033 anyone?
You Made A New Video! How Exciting!!!
Oh, he doesn't know about measurement by sound?
I like this
Kipkay seems so rude in this video. Just the way he is talking doesn't seem fitting of his previous videos.
I was going to say that I hope you make all the money back through this video. But I suspect you purchased these so you could scavenge them for some cool future projects. Looking forward to those! welcome back!
it says right on the package, the laser is the guide for the sonar.
someone needs a pop filter on the mic.. so the boom cube will quit booming my sterio
What iPhone is that?
Uh... welcome back?
For $60-100, you set up a REAL antenna, outside ABOVE your home....and get around 50+ miles easy..With a booster...even better.
So glad to see you're back Kipkay
Nice dongle kip
Finally a real video.
I had totally forgotten about this channel
Love these kind of vids brother
Actually, the Measure King does use sonic for measurement. The laser is just for targetting.
I remember watching kipkay videos amost 10 years ago, it was some of my favorite channels back then
the tiny cube
when will there be more diy projects?
that laser is doing nothing more than give a rough idee where you are pointing. the measuring is done ultrasonic
Hi kipkay
Essentially a taser at lower voltage
Big fat stinker!
Oh wow it's kipkay...cool
The sonic mezurement iz the laser mezurement. The laser is just a laser pointer
Sonic sound measuring is a real thing thoe.
Magna vision would probably make a great fire starter. You should have tried it.
I did not think Kipkay would enjoy that genre of music! Mind blown LOL
Your back :D
whoa a kipkay video! btw i do think that measure king is using sonic measurement in the form of ultrasound. really cheap so why not? bit inaccurate mayby
That's the kipkay I was looking for! I'm glad your back.
you are back :D
Keep em coming kip Kay love the content
As seen on tv is all junk, don't believe what you see on tv. Its all about the money
I would rather strap my Flip4 to my Keychain than that little chinesium monstrosity of Money waste.
Why does it feel your videos are from a decade ago? ??
I can guarantee that the "Measure King" have "sonic measurement", it measures length with ultrasonic pulses (like bats do). It does NOT measure with the laser, the laser is only an aide to aim it to the surface you want to measure distance to. Depending on your hearing you should be able to either hear or at least record the chirps it makes when measuring.
I have a tesla lighter like that, just looking like a smaller zippo :) I love it, 6packs of ciggys for a 1 hour charge :)
I missed you Kipkay!!! I watched you soooo much as a kid :D And is till love your voice!
Been a long time no see, glad you're back.
That Tac-Lighter looks crazy handy. Seems like it should be mandatory in survival kits. :D
Omg, tacklighter lights by plasma, that's really cool!!
Damn, its been a minute kay, how are you?
Hey kipkay, when was the last time you washed your extension cords from all that dirt? :) LOL
You get a big fat stinker for lack of activity Kipstar!! ??
You have to finish your education... read about Doppler effect and radars. You could just search the Ebay and find a million arduino modules that measure distance using ultrasonic method. Donít show yourself as a fool and donít tell unsupported lies to your subscribers!!!
For the measure king tool when you mentioned sonic measurement I don't think it means it measures length but sound in decibels
That magnifier thing... should just use as a mini solar concentrator instead. Maybe boil water with it?
Who picked up some subtle dirty jokes
The measure king laser is just as a guide. It probably uses SODAR to get the distance
I though it was Household Hacker until the video start...
Lol I miss when you were relevant
And you put Taras Kul into the tags. What a scumbag
The lord had returned?
YAAAAY
????
Kipkay may I ask where you got the name for your dog? My guess is Derek Jeter. I'd get the magnavision and use it to burn stuff like in your solar death ray video you made. It's just a fresnel lens. I have a bunch of those little Boom cube speakers, one I carry on me and a few more are kicking around some taken apart for the amp or batteries. Would like to find more of these. I have the Measure king and I like it a lot. The so called sonic sound from the sonic measurer is real, I have a similar device by Ryobi and I CAN hear the noise it makes it's a soft clicking sound. I have a bunch of the Tac arc lighters, I plan to either make a bug zapper racket from hell or a lantern with the HV boost circuit in these lighters so that's why I bought a bunch of them. As always Kip thanks for the videos and inspiring me to do my own projects. And welcome back we missed you.
Kipkay, Please do everyone a favor and go back into hiding.....thanks.
Thank You for the stinker warnings !
I have 2/5 products that are similar. The TV antenna and the lighter.
Nice Household Hacker ripoff lol
I think the Measure King might actually have sonic measurement. It would seem the laser is just for targeting the area the sonic transducer is pointed toward. It's basically the same as a backup sensor on a car which would be much cheaper than trying to measure optically with the laser.
most of the OTA antennas are directional. This means you need to place them facing the direction of the signal to get the best result, Check the HD antenna websites for broadcaster locations in your area to get the proper angle. Even a few degrees can make a big difference.
Omg??
I'm disappointed you use a iPhone ??
So, KipKay is alive. Ahh the early days of YouTube..
Wait the boom tube is not bluetooth compatible?
That Measure king thingy. Sonic measurement is Cheaper, and so its more Common. The laser is there to trick some people into thinking that this is a better Laser Measuring System. It uses some sort of ultrasound (I think.)
The Freakin' Reviews Channel Compared the Measure King against real measuring tapes and found that it was very inaccurate and inconsistent. Just because the devise gives you a readout, doesn't make it accurate. You should go a little more in-depth before giving it the ole thumbs up there Kipkay. ??
These videos are so much more entertaining if you pretend Kermit the frog is talking.
The Daddy of youtube DIY is back!
How did this guy get 2.6m subs?
sonic because look up sonic proximity sensors and etc, there is a way to measure distance with sound, that's what sonar is for. Edit: happy to see you are back and doing videos.
The laser is the sonic measurement.... how else do you think it's measuring distance? With the laser? LOL
Great Video!
Oh my good Lord it's kip
My boy!
sonic cause the laser is just pointing but it's some ultrasonic sounds to measure no ?
Regarding the claim of sonic distance measurement, they mean ultrasonic. You used to do all the arduino kits, you know this KipKay. The laser is just for alignment.
Hey your back! I always dig the videos!
omg thought he passed away.
Nice
Awesome work!
Early grate work as always
Tried so hard to hit that 10 min xD
Early grate work as always
.
37th
I doubt kipkay will heart this comment and reply to it
33th
Hi kipkay
Did you take this from household hacker or did you so happen to have the same idea? Though household hacker might also have gotten it from someone else.
Hi , Where were you at????? Miss your vidsss
1:30 That face made me laugh
Hey kipkay, I've been watching you for 8 years, and the content never gets old
Kipkay inventions are the must be seen on TV
One of the original DIY on youtube
k-kipkay? could this be real? he's alive?
7th
I'm a utuber n a big fan
Notification Gang!
2nd!
Do one for halloween
EARLY BOI !!!
Never clicked so fast
See you next christmas
Yes you upload
long time no see!!
Hi
I hope you enjoyed this As Seen On TV TESTED video. If you liked it, let me know and I will make more! - Check out my series of Gizmos 'N Gags videos too. bit.ly/GizmosNGags Thanks for watching! ??