The Hue 2 ambient and Hue underglow kits are beautiful. Definitely glad I checked this channel out, wouldn’t have seen some of these products if I hadn’t.
Avoid those Audio Technia headphones, they are made cheap as fuck. I had them for like 2 weeks before the plastic pieces started to break, and I'm not rough on my headphones. If you want a quality headset go and buy a pair of HyperX Cloud II's
Gimme dat stream deck mini pweez I would really love it
Very blue setup and shirt lol
What game is he playing when he is talking about the light strip?
Hue2 looks great
Why do you pronounce GIF like that?
The Yeti Nano Is So Cool I Would Love That Lucky
The nano sounded ok, but for $100 bucks there are probably some better pics out there. I advise anyone interested head over to a channel like podcastage that do dedicated mic reviews. You'd be surprised how cheap it can be to nab a good sounding mic. However, they aren't always USB mics, which means you may need a day of some sort to get them hooked up to your PC.
Damn that mic is want I need
Can anyone tell me what his mouse is? I know its custom painted, but what is the model? The mouse on timestamp 4:36
The Yeti Nano Mic is absolutely beautiful. The compact size and incredible performance are exactly what most streamers or content creators want and need.
What is your monitor?
Love the mic prolly gonna get it good vid homie
I love the stream deck so muccccchhhhhh!
That blue yeti sounds almost like your mic that you use
I really like the stream deck! I'm a new streamer, and will be upgrading my PC soon, and this seems like it would make streaming a heck of a lot easier
Hello Frank how long have you been wareing glasses an also how do the open cup headphones feel with glasses cheers for the video ????
Totally the Omni Surround AMP/DAC. I've been a sucker for those things from the beginning. Just couldn't afford it.(yes I'm poor. Student live you know)
Idk how I missed this vid but I’m back for it ??
I love that Stream Deck mini. I could really use something like that. I'm planning on starting out here on the Youtubes myself and I love this channel because I keep seeing tech that I don't have that could already make my life easier
Wow that blue mic is a must have
What game is he playing?
5:25 that run and gun hurts my eyes lol You're better than that!
Is the ad700x good for small heads? Please notice mee
Hi, this channel I believe covered once a cellphone accessory that you would put on the back and it would stick on most flat surfaces, but my Google fu hasn’t helped me. Does anyone know what it’s called?
Useless shit really. Except the blue yeti and headphones.
Aaaaaaaaa the best product!!!!! #hue2ambient
Loved this channel bout a year ago. Glad to see it pop up back in my feed!
Really love the stream deck but it kinda expensive for editor Been using razer keypad but couldnt remember the key on it Streamdeck is a blast with those mini display really love them
Are there any products similar to the HUE out there? which will do the lighting that goes with getting the hit markers and such? that HUE 2 is getting really bad wrap online with your HDD
After just starting to learn audio production it’s cool to see a well known mic that is cardioid as well as omnidirectional. Pretty cool tech
could you use the sound blaster for console
I love the NZXT hue 2 Ambient, I feel it is kind of targeted to the specific usage which is quite concise.
Should I get the HyperX Cloud II or the Sennheiser GSP 300?
Hey Frank! Do you have a suggestion for a pair of over ear headphones that won't create pain due to glasses? I really want over ears, but all that I've tried squished my ears to much, and now I'm basically stuck with in ear.
Hue 2 ftw!!
Yo
Hey are you doing a giveaway this month, if so I would like the headphones. The reason I would like these because I want to try to get back into gaming and I only have a 17$ headset
Who else thought that the first part was a sponser
Those headphones look amazing! safe for ears too compared to the in-ears that I have now, look very comfortable and AT is known for great sound quality^^
got that omni surround amp, and its actually really good.
How do you live with yourself? Every one of your subscribers is broke because of you.
So cool!!
Hey Frank. My monitor only has one HDMI, and I have a PS4 and a Nintendo Switch. I don't like having to unplug HDMI from one to the other when i want to play one. Is there anything i could buy to fix this issue? I was thinking something i have both plugged into, and i could switch between the two. Thanks in advanced.
Can I use the stream deck with my PS4?
A smaller Yeti model??? Thank you for showing me this. I have been wanting to get the regular Yeti but I felt like it was way too big. As long as the nano has the same recording quality, I will probably pic that up when I have the extra cash.
Clint from LGR also reviewed these for anyone who could care
I love these types of videos because I’m constantly having issues finding gifts for people under a certain price point. It’s so hard finding gifts for guys (in my opinion). This makes my task 100x easier.
£35 for underglow lights? I just bought 5 meter led strip and molex connecter to do the underglow effect cost me £4 ????
Just realized I've been watching one of your videos a day, not on purpose. Fine, I'll subscribe.
Which mouse do you think is the best for a budget gamer?
omni amp is a big no go fyi, the quality is great but the mic will randomly disable and not pick up your voice... so you have to go into your input audio settings and re-enable to get it to start working... can be frustrating at times cause it will just happen out of no where and ill be talking to my friends not realizing my mic isnt working.
That backlight kit is not getting good reviews and has comments on the website they it thrashes the hard drive constantly and will not work when playing certain games tested or won't run at all on full screen mode.
My wallet hates this channel I bought every product on this list ffs I’ve also bought like every product on every other one of these videos ??
Does anyone knows if the "Omni Surround AMP/DAC" improves mic quality? Logitech has a very good DAC/AMP (headphone wise) but does a terrible job on the mic side.
I love that they downsized the yeti, makes it so much better than having a massive mic sitting in front of you.
I love your vids man. I would really like to get the stream deck. It would be a perfect gift. But the bleu mic would awesome as well. Keep it!
you shaved your hair :D
Ur beautiful if your reading this
hmmm...
Hey, was wondering what brand ur little white alarm clock is?
I would like to have the mic, because i game with friends and i need a better mic and i want to make some music, a good mic would be useful
0:53 Trust me, you don't want to be in the middle of the battlefield!
Don't buy the Yeti mic, buy blue snowball ice. It is just as good and much cheaper. Also sounds better imo.
Love the shirt lol
This guy looks like a Breton from the Elder Scrolls
Does it have a optical cable for the audio dac?
I’m definitely getting that yeti nano looks awesome
Yo I couldn’t tell which mic was mic when you tested your camera mic and the yeti
shit your eyes looks cool
i need that mic ??
question about those headphones for anyone who has them or knows about that style, would the "open back" help stop my ears from getting so hot? i know that sounds like a daft question, but i had to stop wearing my cloud x 2's as after just a few mins of playing it felt like my ears and the whole area the headphone sat on was boiling hot. Also it's so fucking annoying when i hear they're "only $75" so i think "oh that should be pretty cheap in £'s then" only to look at them on amazon uk and find they're not $75 converted to £, they're in fact £96
AD500X I really love your vids keep up the good work and i wanted it cause I don't have good headphones
So cool tech this month is just for pc users or what?
Bought the DAC after this video and has fixed the RealTek HD audio problems I've been having since creators update. My edifiers sound better than ever! Thanks Frank!
instead of stream deck mini, you can use an app called deckboard (app on your phone, old 1, since most of us got atleast 1 old smart phone we done use) and if you want it bigger, get a cheap android tabled to 30usd, and a stand, for cheaper.
The Audio-Technica are amazing!
You should try the Status Audio headphones
Christmas is to far away
Ive been using the AD500X for over a year now. Excellent sound quality and creates great sound presence with music.
This is perfect just I just started doing streaming
Congratulations Elgato. Seeing you sell a mini version made me buy the regular version. My hopes of them just selling too much and it getting over saturated went downhill fast lol.
Who else couldnt afford a single thing off of this list lol
I thought I’d shine some light on the Sound Blaster Omni. The microphones on there are more meant for making your current mic setup sound better. The Omni has a few mic features for focusing its sound, and reducing noise and it does help a lot. I sit right next to my AC and when it’s running you can’t even hear it when I’m talking on discord thanks to this feature.
Superlux HD681 are a better choice instead of the ATH AD500 for sound stage quality and treble balance. And much cheaper too
Do a monthly top PS4 tech under $100
Not enough spook 2/10
You should do a, perhaps one-off, alternative of this series called cool tech under a million dollars. Obviously not buying it but examining a few very, very expensive examples of really cool tech that could rival what you usually have in these videos.
Love the mic
I’m not the biggest fan of nzxt hue, I have some fans and the CAM software interferes with some other games causing it to crash, just a heads up. Maybe they’ve gotten better but it was a pain for me a few months ago. Can you make a video for some tv accessories? I was wondering if there’s any great gear for switching inputs to the tv that work well and look cool. Thanks!
I love those AD500X! I was actually looking to get a new pair off headphones, would be nice if i won
Then Soundblaster Omni is really good, Iv had mine for 4 years.
Just a PSA for the first 2 items... The headset has a bunch of static and it's cord is such a low quality.. and the blue yeti nano basically requires you to spend another $100 if you want to use it properly.. I suggest buying the YETICASTER from blues website.. A guy who bought the first 2 items after watching this video and is now refunding them
His eyes ;-; i want em
the sub-surface scattering is turned up to high.
Take a shot whenever he says open back
People need to stop buying these shitty dacs and usb/1/8th inch mics and just get an audio interface. It's so much better for around the same price. Get an xlr microphone like the big boys use and plug your headphones into the audio interface. Stop focusing on the gimmicky gamer focused DACs
THATS A SEXY BLUE SHURT MATE
About the Sound Blaster Omni card. I have been using it for a year and a half now. It replaced my previous sound card, Sound Blaster X-Fi Surround 5.1 Pro as the main drive, although I still use it for sound input for Discord, Skype and TS on my main mixer board when I am streaming or recording. But anyway, back on the Omni now. It is an amazing piece of tech and it is highly recommended. While I mainly use the RCA connections to send the signal to my mixer board, when I am traveling I use it to drive my AKG K 240 Mk2 and it drives it like a champ! I even tried some other studio monitors (can not remember the models) by Sennheiser and Audio Technica that a friend of mine owns, and it still could drive them with ease. On the plus is the RCA output in the back, the optical out in the back as well, and something that was not mentioned: it has a remote control that you can use to control the sound, but also using the arrows you an move your mouse cursor on your screen(s). You guys should try it, you won't regret it. ~Valk.
What shooting game was that?
What shooting game was that?
dOnT yOu MeAn SpOoKtObEr
Just purchased the 900x Excited to finally try them out!
What was that product that you reviewed a while ago where it's RGB lights you can put on the back that syncs with games not this one there was another one. Anyone help?
He said gif and not jif. Unsubscribe....
Why do you always end your sentences as if you're going to continue a run on? Just end your sentences with a period... You end them with commas.
That stream deck would be so convinient because it would ve so easy to manage all your stream settings etc... i wish i had money lol
hey wassup guys, its randomfrankp I have that stuck in my head
Sir Frank, can you send me the Audio Technica??? I want them to game with... Okay, thanks ????
What camera are you using?
So close to 1.000.000
I really want that NZXT Hue 2 Ambient glow thingy for my setup
He's hot ?? ?? ?? ?? ??
good video but i still think the mini stream deck is a joke the og stream deck gives you 15 buttons for 150 bucks its a way better deal
Hue2 is just a worse version of ambilight. Møre expensive too.
what would you recommend headphone wise: corsair hs50 or AD500X. I would be using them for a bit of music listening and gaming.
I would like to let anyone know who is looking to buy the Audio technica open back headphones they are amazing *But if you have a small head you may experience some discomfort by the headphone pad hanging somewhat on the top of your ear but this can be fixed by just having a hairband in between the two headpads @Pros Great sound stage Good bass Highs and lows are balance Comfortable Pads are easy to clean @Cons For long play sessions pads may get sweaty Noises in environment you will still hear Pads are prone to catch dandruff if you have a lot of dandruff If you have a cardiod mic or a mod mic audio may be picked up by the mic if audio is loud ***I have been using these headphones both the 700 and 1000X for 1 year now and love them very great for the price
I would love the headphones because I want to increase my gaming experience but dont have the money to do so
So tired of the tiktok ads ??
I LOVE the steam deck but haven't had the cash to upgrade my setup recently. The stream deck is awesome because I edit videos as a hobby as well as play some games that it would really help with.
Yeti nano mic was my fav
That Yeti nano is perfect for me as i have a small desk and my mic right now is some cheap £10 one. Shame I can’t afford it!
Streaming stuff really helps me, thx
Can you make a video on your pc?
The Hugh Too.
I had the same CPU cooler he has it leaked
Hey Random FP Been watching this channel for a while now and have to say the content is dope. Personally for me I love the hue2 and think it would take my pc setup to the next level. Peace.
Be very, and I can't stress this enough, WEARY when you hear reviewers/unboxers throw out the word "Audiophile" go to channels which specialize to that kind of gear or risk buying duds and end up costing you more money...
i have that amp and its shit on win10 some times i need to reintall it orr take usb kabel out 2 times before i here eny sound
Can you use the yeti as a mic for fortnite or not
that hue2 would be awesome, i think i might buy it on black friday
Omni Surround Amp/dac because I have always wanted something like this
What monitor is that?
Wel ok but What About Most Useful tech under price point because this it idk
I've been using the soundblaster omni for a few years. Best purchase I've made. Even used the decent built in mic for a while. But it works amazing as a DAC.
Cool PC tech under a 100 dollars
Good vid but idea stolen from LTT big time
His eyes are memerizing..
I hate you. So earnest and slow and deliberate. Tool
Does he use a green screen
I love thos AD500X. I've been eyeing them for a bit haha. Great video, Frank.
Btw the company is called creative, not sound blaster, sound blaster is the product line
i love the stream deck I think that would be a great addition to my twitch channel and really help make streaming go a lot smoother.
Hue2? I love that band!
I want that Hue 2 ive really needed some more colour for my setup lol
I love the stream deck because it has support for a lot ot things
Please turn the audio in the background up, its too quiet to hear unless i have the volume all the way up and it just sounds like two balloons rubbing together...
5:32 monitor please
OMG THAT MICROPHONE IS SO NICCCE
"Typically with open-back headphones you tend to lose a lot of the bass and some of the higher end frequencies just because audio is being dispersed outward" lolwut. Not sure if you understand how open-backs work there buddy. Frank, love your videos, but you need to listen to some more phones. I'll let you start from Audeze LCD-2's for what planar bass sounds like and AD-2000x's (big brother version of the AD500x you're showcased) for what clarity in higher frequencies sound like.
I'd have to say my favorite product in this video is a tie between the Yeti Nano mic and The NZXT Hue 2 lighting. Both are things I need for my setup! Once I'm no longer a broke college kid maybe I'll be able to upgrade to some good gear haha
Oh I'd really like the elgato mini! SO COOL!
Will all the episodes from now on be under $100 or back to $50?
Which were the winners for last month?
Damn, the blue yeti nano would go so well with my setup! Looks like a real good mic
do the ad500x work with glasses I have this problem with my headphones
What's the monitor where he's showcasing nzxt hue2
What is that monitor?
I'm loving the Omni Sound AMP/DAC. I have my setup in my bedroom and when it gets late it's annoying to have to exit out of full screen for a game and change audio to my headphones. I feel like this is a simple but nice solution.
Everytime I see one of these episodes it costs me money. This time, looks like it cost me a Yeti Nano...and yes, I'm blaming you randomfrankp. Lol.
Next episode cool tech under $900
Ad500x is my fav nice review btw
hey randomfrankp, I'm just wondering and these questions may be very personal, what's your occupation? What's your profession? How'd you climb all your way to get a great gaming rig? It's like I wanna be like you or at least near close as you. if you want your answer to be private here is my email: emman.cardano@gmail.com
8:15 Please dont bite your nails :(
What kind of desk do you have and where can I buy one of those?
Is it possible to turn optical audio into digital audio with that omni thing?
0:57 Does that mean if im talking to friends on discord while gaming using a desktop mic, are they gonna hear my Audio? (I do tend to turn my volume up pretty high)
Would really like to know where you got your desk
Openback headphones, great for everything except porn and that's a deal breaker for me
Buy a 400 dac/amp to hear some kid yell about how he banged your mom. Lol
Thank you I’m buying the mic and the open back head phones
I think that I like the mic the best because it’s a nice little mic for pretty darn cheep and I need a mic
Less than 30$ please
Im going to by all of the audio stuff
i was looking for a new mic and the yeti nano seems perfect
That color thing for in games is really cool, although nothing new. I've seen fan setups that blow air at you based on in game conditions. But hardly any games support it unfortunately. Far Cry is the only one I can think of.
Did he announce last months giveaway winners? Is it on Twitter?
the nano mic looks so cute
Audio is all of for me
I keep wondering, where did you get your desk?
What game is that? 5:39
I like under 100.
4:55 nice ghost cube there
mmmh probably going to buy the Omni Surround ^^
Hey Frank, gotta say this new camera is looking ??
When you use the Blue Yeti you sound great, but I ordered one and people tell me it sounds awful. Ive got the same position as you in the video and Ive tried both settings with no luck.
I would have to say that the yeti nano mic is probably my favorite product because it’s a pretty good desk microphone. It sounds pretty good and will fit in right with my setup ( which currently is pretty crappy). Plus I already bought a wireless headset that doesn’t have a mic so I could really use one of those.
Audio-Technica makes some insane products! Great video
I liked the omni surrond dac
What game is that??
What game was that he was playing when showing off the led on the back of pc
How big is your desk? I might try to make ut
I've been eyeing those AD500s hahaha. Good thing you just so happened to include them in your new list lol
I say my favorite is the stream deck mini. I wanna get one, but by being a smaller streamer idk if it’s worth the investment at this time.
I would like to give a little idea for saying the prices: Why not have a little thing somewhere on the screen, showing the prices for different currency's? Like the main 3 would be US, Canada and Australia, you obviously would mean under 100 in US, but it would help people to just have a quick glance on what they're interested and how much it would be for them.
For under $100 the yeti nano sounds amazing
I don't think that headset should be considered as a "cool tech"
I wonder if i can use the sound blaster on my ps4 or xbox.
wow that amp and dac looks sexy...i need one
make more animtion it will make the videos nicer to look
That amp and dac looks sweet! I've been looking for an amp for my desktop under $100 for a while now and that fits the bill nicely... besides the black and red color scheme. But other than that, it's pretty cool!
Frank: "it doesn't lose any functionality!" Yeti nano: doesn't have two other pattern settings and gain control
I am gonna say one thing first time in my whole life i have seen some doing a genuine review "cool tech UNDER $100" need to hats off
doesnt Tim use the AD500Xs?
The microphone looks so nice, i would really like to have one of those specially now that my old one died...
The Hue 2 would be great for my setup!
Frank ur mom gey
October just started how are you making this video rn?
Hey what’s that desktop background?
It makes you feeeeeellll like your spider man
Your monitors slanting to the left
Lookin fresh af with that shirt frank!
best £20 mic? usb
that Yeti Nano would cost 200$ in my country too bad
2:59 love it ??????????
Humm, this items are not for me
which game was he playing ??
Yeet
Can u do a under 25$ episode im fking broke
Those ADX 5000 headphones look so good. I use some cheap self proclaimed "gaming headphones" where the Adio quality is not good and the mic is only just acceptable.
Audio technica at2020 usb is the better microphone let’s be honest here ??
Stream deck mini still overpriced
Been sub'd for years and always loving the content you're putting out. One thing I'd like to see from tech YouTuber's when it comes to these "Tech under $XX" videos are product/profession themes. E.g., "Cool Tech for Streamers under $100", "Cool Tech for Music Production under $100", "Cool Tech for Designers under $100" or the like. While I love these videos, having more context and thus being able to view videos that are more relevant to a particular base of users might lead to better affiliate sales and more views.
Pretty cool seeing your channel grow over the past 4 years.
Go back to 50
Fabulous list of products, aside from the RGB thing... I'm beginning to hate RGB. But hey, it's Christmas, why not make your PC look like a Christmas Tree? Now, what's up with YouTube? For my next suggestions, I have "Never Talk To The Police" followed by "My New Massive Termite Farm"???? Anyone? I'm in the process of assembling 4 new PCs and have only looked at tech video on YouTube for the last week and a half, where do these suggestions come from? Anyway, fabulous products, and a fabulous channel, Cheers. PC: Assembling PCs is so easy, finding the right peripherals is the hard part. Why can't one single company just get peripherals right? How hard can it be?
nice video
I want all of those things in 100$
100 dollars for some christmas lights?
amazing vid as always ??
Man, I tried the AD700x's and...I really thought they were shit. like, super muddled sound. cant imagine the 500x is better
Lets sub to sub. Thanks!
Just buy a samson meteor mic if you're interrested in the yeti nano, the meteor mic is just as good with half the price. Just check some review of it and you'll understand
That mic is dope definitely getting it
Hey RandomfrankP! I really like the Mic because it’s really small and it some big boom arm that’s 200$
I thought I was early...
cool tech "under 100$" the mic is 99$ lmao
I can still hear the keyboard on the mic test on both setting without any redaction in keyboard noise.
Do 25$ ones
No I can't watch this video. All my money is bring saved for building my PC this gay ass laptop don't cut it
so close to a million subs!
Does anyone know where he got skins for his mouse?
I have the drevo gramr as my keyboard and I think you should review them
Cool shirt man
I tried the omni little amp had a decent amount of hiss so I returned it
Stream deck, I need some inspiration to start streaming
i like that they made the yeti smaller tbh i like that more than any others and also what is that lighting effect 7:55
Just bought the headphones and microphone! Now I have nothing left in my paypal.. really hope this is some good stuff!
That stream deck would be soooo cool!
Are the AD500X headphones the same as ATH adg1x without the mic?
For being 3 to 4 minutes a product, the reviews are surprisingly thorough, but sometimes the product is not done justice. That's okay tho
Damn that streamdeck is certainly something I need to get ????
The new desktop blue yeti mic is amazing!! Blue never seem to fail to surprise there audience. I want one!!??
4:10 the Best gadject
now I feel like im a dumbo that i plug my audio jack into the motherboard. The Amp would be so cool
Cool
Keep up the great work, better reason to save money, Sound Blaster will be my next purchase
That stream deck looks so handy. As a new streamer, I'm definitely considering getting one as I love the interaction with the viewers.
No imagination, minimum effort.
Really adding that headphones to my cart!
I have a question that if anyone can answer plz let me know. If I use a microphone that plugs in to a USB Port how can I use an AMP/DAC?
I'm a fan as well of openback headphones but what I need is that amp dac since I still use my motherboard onboard solution so I choose the Soundblaster this time. Still those are great stuff, runner up for me would be the ATH AD500X then the Hue 2 Ambient.
ad500x or dt990 pro?
Also why pay that much money on basically an rgb strip...connect a arduino with an esp8266 to it and you got the same thing for a fraction of the prtice plus total control... Rhe only maybe usefull thing in this video is the sound blaster controller...whitch you can easily replace withj a tablet with the unified remote full app on it
Audiotehnica right now is just shit with what it was...lets make some headphoines and pu a lot of bullshit text in in and everyone will love...its the same thing with gaming as it is with audiophile... you have to see the bullshit...and this one has a lot of bullshit for what price it has...
"Make sound 10 times better" 0x10 is still 0 What's the point????
Very interested in the Omni sound blaster. I listen to music on my pc all day and can use a boost above the stock sound card
I want the blue Yeetie
This channel has infinitely increased my Amazon wishlist size.
Numerous people have asked but no answers yet.....what FPS game was that being played?
Realy like the Yeti Nano, the hidden mic on my headset just don't cut it.
Who would buy a stream deck mini, it's like $15 or $16 per key, the normal one is about $10 per key
If you're looking for sound quality, DON'T go for the soundblaster amp. Get a proper audio interface.
Wish it wasn’t all gaming related
I love your channel but most of the stuff you recommend do not ship to my country. I like those audio technica headphones; I’m a bit of an audiophile so open back is just the way to go. It would be awesome to have one of those for my birthday.
5:38 do anyone know what is that game name please ?
Second I started watching this video I was like - he looks good in that shirt lol
I'd go with a Audio-Technica AT2020 as a streaming mic
The stream deck mini is my fav! It's functionality is so useful, not necessarily for just streamers but in general, it's like a quick task menu for easy access to all your favorite apps! Plus the gifs look cool just on the displays haha
Dude I’m in love with the yeti mic I’ve bean beading a mic for my gaming channel I’ve bean using a Walmart pair of ear buds that have a mic so a upgrade would be lit
When are you gonna do the next unpacked
Diggin' the shirt.
Kinda feel like ur getting younger every video ??
AD 500X is great, after using it for 2 years, these are my thoughts; 3D wings are too wide and they slide off your head if you have a thinner head or just simply not a huge head. You do lose bass, don't give it too much praise, but it's extremely detailed all round still which is great. They are super light and you don't feel them until they slide, then the weight is on your ears (to solve it just use a rubber band between the wings) and in games directional sound isn't great, it doesn't have virtual crap, but due to that it's not always accurate since it's just a natural sound. The cable is super long which is great and doesn't tangle super easily. The soundstage is great (obviously, it's open back) but it's very atmospheric in music and single player games. But for the price the headphones are amazing, I'll give them that, that's why I still use them.
I'm broke and still keep watching these videos
Loving the headphones! Love their design with no headband.
Omni surround looks awesomeeee. Just like your video??
Can you do one that’s 10$ with free shipping fam
Looking so damn good frank
If you give the stream deck mini away I want toen have it. I stream on stani games (SG)
About that amp/dac combo does it play stereo sound or is it only 5.1 also how would you switch between speakers/ headset Is there a button on it or just your windows audio switcher ?
Only frank can literally sell me headphones with his pitch 10 minutes after I buy HS60. Also what is better, these headphones at the start or the Corsair HS60?
I love these ssssoooooo mucccchhh
What happened to the give away
How does the AD500x compare to the SHP9500?
I love that stream deck. That’s an awesome idea. If you’re giving any away I love to get my hands on one. Thanks for these videos man! I always learn about new products through these vids
Thank you, keep going and uploading, love ya ??
Blue Yeti mini mic! I am starting to make custom music, and only have the built in mic for an input. It would be a great boost Luv ur channel! Can’t wait for another episode!
Love that Elgato Mini Streamdeck. I could see that helping with shortcuts in Photoshop and Illustrator.
336 TH XD
Where did you get that tabletop? That looks amazing.
I LOVE those headphones and would love to get them.but I'm broke. <3
Could you review the logitech g pro wireless?
damn for around $200 I could have a mic, headphone, and DAC.
I perfer the original cool tech under $50, as for the price point under $100, these gadgets are just everywhere and I do not need to watch it here.
My favorite products in this video are the Blue Yeti Nano Mic, and the Mini Stream Deck.
What happened to the Fiio E10-K
There needs to be an amp like that that works with PS4 in that price range, if there is one let me know! Good video
Dude those headphones are sick I have been searching for so long now thank you
Greate video
What do I do if I'm playing xbox and i have a separate mic to my head set but my adapter only has one hole?
why u raise the price again
The underglow is so badass!
NZXT HUE 2 Ambient Please
I really needed new headphones,you just saved me
This is perfect my birthday is coming up this month
Would you tell me where you got your desk? It's so nice
At first I saw $10...
My local Walmart sells the blue yeti for $115. The blue yeti nano is not a very good deal yet imo
U play csgo? What's ur rank?
Part2!!!
i need that sound blaster :P
Can you try to do this like 2 times a week?
Thank you ??
Doesn't Timthetatman use those Headphones?
Rarely nobody discourse obvot assist search beyond loud quality fortune belt.
ive always wanted a mic but dont have the money...the blue yeti nano looks pretty nice :)
Where did u get ur shirt from?
It's been so long since I saw this series I forgot it even exvisted
Nice video pleas make a video on an 2500 dollar setup and desk. PS. pleas subscribe
October. 2 was my birthday so can i get 3 likes please.
yo Frank i got the Astro a10s a couple months ago, but i noticed where the head strap that goes over my head, there is a slight bald spot i never had before. is there any quality lightweight headsets with a lot of padding? or is there any good earbuds for gaming? im like 98% sure the small bald spot is from the weight and lack of padding on the a10s that caused it.
I loved the estatic RGB kit and would love to own it t
Can some of these gadgets be used to make spooky memes for sPoOkToBeR?!
Vers nice Tech ????
oooo thinking about getting that HUE 2 from NZXT
??!??! Some of the best top tech under a certain $ that I have seen. Good job.
Nice, might go with one of these for my birthday today !
Your shirt matches your wallpaper.
140€ for those headphones in my country rip??
I love the microphone but as yousual it is to expensive but thx anyway Love the videos
I'm stilling using hyperx clouds after like 3 and half years ?? once these break I will invest into studio type headphones
What game was being played??
My favorite would probably be the Yeti Nano. Great price and sound quality! Might pick one up sometime soon (:
I wish you would... Do more instersting stuff not just headphones
Favourite product: The Creative Sound Blaster, because it supports Dolby Digital Live! This means it can convey 5.1 gaming audio via a single optical cable.
I need the sound blaster
Love your work man could I win the hue 2 ambient
dose anyone know his email
Random Frank Pee
What FPS game was he playing?
Can you plug in a usb mic into the Sound Blaster to improve the audio?
How hasn’t this channel reached 1 million subs yet???
I like this series because it focuses on a lower pricetag. Many tech youtuber present some ridiculously overpriced hardware that no normal person without 10 sponsors could afford. But I am broke 24/7 so I still can't afford the stuff you presented here.
223th
ima need you to floor this series more cuz i just got my job going im buying hella gadgets n tech stuff
I wouldn't use that sounblaster thing lol. Unless you have a really shitty motherboard, your built in sound is already pretty good. I feel the same way about soundcards lol. Like unless you're doing hard audio editing then you really don't need anything more than the stock sound
Finaly
Can u do a ath-ad 700x please
Favourite product has to be the stream deck mini. So practical and so useful for streaming. But i find around $100 to be a bit hard to justify personally
youre a legend. i was looking for a video like this and right when i startet searching you uploaded this haha
Can we still win the stuff cos if so im glaring at that Blue Yeti
3:05 WHO ELSE NOTICED THE BLACKWIDOW ELITE BABBYYYYY??????
Hmmmmmmm where's the notification squad ?
Can u use tht mic on a ps4?
Is there a closed back version of those headphones?
If I want to buy the amp for the headphones, what do I do if my motherboard doesn't have a optical port?
why are you dying your hair now?
There better be a lämp
Don't even have a pc why am I here Good content tho
I like the headphones the best because open backs really do improve your listening experience in gaming. Ha lol says me when all I have is headphones made for taking calls
Just get the big StreamDeck, the Mini One is badly priced.
I never use anything YOUTUBERS “RECOMMEND” ath m50x sucked cable rubbed my shoulder and they were so bad I gave them away
Something about you Frank, just makes me so happy.
best series on this planet.
game name?
What is your work place? I mean ur buying stuff that costs alot... How ?!
Is something different? Is there new lighting? Is there a new video layout? Its looks AWESOME :)))
Men those headphones cost almost 3 times more in Spain. Insane
A few months ago he showed off an amp/dac for under $50. So I want to know if this one is way better or a small difference. Does anyone know?
The ambient monitor lighting can also reflect what is being displayed on the monitor, really the best use of it imo
Rd to 1000000 LETS GOOOOO
When I play games I usually pull my headphones slightly off my ear. There is something about the way it sounds when I talk, I don't like. Would the open back help with that?
it's the same kind of products every time.
I wish i can afford these
awesome
Next video: cool tech under 1000$
What’s up guys it’s randfrankp
I've got a love hate realatinship with this channel. It's forever leaving me broke
Stop dying your hair and just be Natrual Red Head! Dude you're already married and we love your personality and content. You no longer need to be self conscious. Be Confident!
I feel like you should've added a Logitech G810 keyboard.
How does the soundblaster card compare to an asus z370 motherboard for example?
You Post, I Click. Simple.
I have the audio technica headphones, they are awesome. I’ve worn them for hours at a time with no discomfort
Are we with PCs now like we were in the 2000s with the cars form fast and furious? :)))))) Can't wait to see everyone hating rgb in a couple years :)))
Such an underated channel
I didn't notice a different between his microphone and the blue nano or whatever it is.
I want 4 price points a month 1) $25.00 (even if it’s just cable management & decor) 2) $50.00 3) $75.00 4)$100.00
This guy deserves more subscribers????..... Your videos are awesome Frank.... You will have 1 million subs in no time!!
You should review the Audeze Mobius Frank
Anyone know what game he was playing?
I have been using the SoundBlaster for years and I can say it is a damn miracle what it can do for PC audio.....I absolutely endorse it
Awesome video, but removing a 0 from $100 would make it even more awesome!
Great Video!
Oh there's the guy that wants to make me broke again! :D
may I know what type of blue mic?
can you use the Omni Surround amp/dac to get 7.1 surround?
Those is great but some of it I cannot afford so pls give me some products):
Is that headset 7.1 ?
frank is a csgo BEAST
More cool tech under $1 please!!!
In 1 year: Cool tech under 1000!
So tell us Frank, what’s your opinion on open back headphones?
Appreciate the keyboard test with the Mic. Hate when there is a mic review w/o taking keyboard noise into consideration.
Idea for top tech under $100 for November, the aukey km-g3, it's a budget rgb mechanical keyboard
what did you say wearing those headphones? They sounde so muffled and all i could hear was bass
AD500X headphones ??
cheap plastic on the headset so will break in a few months or weeks
The 1 not the 3 screens
Or it’s you
Nothing else just what’s that guy in the Ved pc?
Unlimited macros programmable LCD screens with moving pictures I'm going to buy also the creative labs sound blast
who's october??
I need every single item in this list, but only have money for like 2 items :(
What’s your PC and ?
Man that Yeti microphone sounds absolutely amazing. I really need something like that for my setup, the in built microphone with my headphones are so broken that any time I activate the mic in game it distorts all the voice audio really badly to the point where I have no idea what anyone is saying for about a minute.
I don’t have a microphone yet but what are the differences between that blue yeti and the one that’s about $30 more?
Hi
Thanks a lot for this. My birthday is coming up and I didn't know what I wanted. As always an awesome video!
U r not a random pee u r my pee ????
That's hella dope stuff and now I want to throw my wallet away for those headphones because it's audio Technica
I look forward to this video every month! Those headphones look great. Love open-back headphones.
The AD500X headset is amazing, over a year in with them and zero issues. Amazing sound and comfortable!
His set up has been a lie it's been a green screen the whole time gasp
Would'nt the mic on the sound blaster used for active noise cancellation?
Bro I love your freckles
"everyone around you will know what porn you are watching"
"under $100" $99.00 + $9.99 shipping.
I’d like the mini microphone. The microphone on my desk is the only bad thing I have.
Love you frank
where do you get this gifs form u Stream Deck Mini?
I would get the Nano, but having that thing in front of me when I'm on my PC isn't attractive to me. I feel like the Blue Yeti Snowball, where it clips to the monitor, is the one that would satisfies me!
huehuehuehue 2
1:27 Ya but they sure, do mess up your hair :D
3:00 I regret buying my yeti
every time I go to your channel I feel bad cause everything you show I can't buy it... ;( 1 like = 1 item
Frank crippin’ out here
5:28 ok ok stop right there! Crappy cheep arduino light strips? Well for 25$ you can get 2m of 60leds/m ws2812b strip and than apply ambilight mode via free software that will take colors from edge of your monitors amd extend them out.. Also you can program the arduino to do all of the same effects that you can customize with nzxt strip and it can even do that cs go thing if you gonna use provided sdk and than use serial communication between app that will monitor your health and arduino sketch that will change the lights.. It's literally same if not even better the difference is that nzxt is plug and play while arduino one requires a little bit of time and skills.. It's not crappy at all.. You can check my channel if your interested in abmbi light or auduo visualizer mode that takes 10min to setUp and costs 30$ (2m of strip + proper power supply + arduino) ..
Was that crackle at 3:45 from the mic or something you touched on the desk?
my mans got a clean shave...go all out for no shave november tho XD
"If you see anything you like, i'll send it to you for free.." Wishful thinking.. haha
Your color grading effected your eyes XD
Can someone link me good led tape under 15$ I'd appreciate
I totally need a DAC.. omg ... please frank .. pay this one forward!!!
Wonder if the sound blaster card will work on a ps4
Tech youtubers are practically artist with their camera work
No i wanted under 25
I would like the stream deck becuase ir could be as a school work hub
I want that stream deck
What happens if you dont have a USB-C port on your PC for the Yeti MIc
Stream deck! Custom macros are the best.
ANYONE FROM PAKISTAN?
4k views ? something is wrong.
Opinion on Fortnite?
I would love those headphones, really wanne try an openback design
Wait I assumed this was an old vid because I’ve been binge watching this series all day
Really like that shirt. And it goes well with your desktop wallpaper. Was that intentional? ??
I really need a dac
Waddduuupppppppppppppp
I like your videos randomfrankp i appreciate it thanks for your vid I will continue support you in your videos.Thanks
Mystery tech unboxing please
Ad500x or Hyperx Cloud Alpha? I already have the Alpha but I'm considering if another headphone (under 200) would be much better for positional audio. (No mic required.)
No giveaway I guess... That amp/dac is hella nice tho
Nice shirt man !
Those headphones tho. ??
Audio Technica make some awesome products. I love the headphones they make and they are always a decent price
Would love to have an AD500X as my Headphones..
he is so handsome ;D
I was waiting for this!!
I really like those nzxt monitor rgb strips because they can sinc with your games or computer
60th
Omg that stream deck mini would really help because the game i play alot, OSU, isnt windowed, and trying to swich between chrome, osu, downloads, and twich is an absolute p a i n to do, and the stream deck mini looks like a god sent gift.
That mic is defenitly my favorite product because my mic is the one of my headset and All my friends are complaining about it :(
Gf: I love you! Me: I love hue2 I will see myself out. Great episode
Am I the only one who thinks frank really looks like bob lee swagger from shooter??
Good over ear headphones for pc? Is the Akg worth it or any other recommendations?
He should test stuff that nobody buys like really low end tech
Anyone got UK links for these?
Does anyone know the name of the lamps in his living room (the ones standing on both sides)?
never been this early :d
I'm definitely pikin' that headphone up
USB mics are really not a good choice for streaming. Most people use a second PC for streaming and you can use USB mics with only one PC at a time. Just get a cheap slr mic and amp.
How do you keep your headphones safe
Been waiting for this. ??
nice 500 veiwer
frank stick ur p in my random
hi
nice
69$ ??
Spooky month
Updated setup tour?
I don't need YouTube notifications when I follow RFP on Twitter (which you should ( ?° ?? ?°) )
Ayyyyyyyy
Hi randomfrankp i'm from indonesia??
Why do people say notification squad? You dont need notifications if you are on youtube 24/7
hi there
First
Hi
You are the master of finding great deals!!!
i am getting the ikea set up soon do you have any tips?
You look fancy
Hello
thanks ... but my budget is the videos(100)/50
Every time I go to your channel I become more and more broke.
Would love the yeti mic. Nice vid as always frank
Can't till the Christmas series
I’m really interested in streaming gear
Awesome video Frank!
Love the video!! keep up the good work!!!
Notification squad?!!?
Third!!
Awesome video and keep up the good work
Who remembers the steam machine lol
28 views, gg
Eighth
Cool man I love the set ups
First like
Cool
Here
Hey frank can i ask what thats??
Yeah im here earlier!
Nuck
Third
Nice
First!